-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5l5wcs/gradually_ive_slid_into_dry_drunk_territory_time/

Today I had a "duh" moment followed by an "oh shit" moment that I should have recognized months ago...After 3 years 22-1/2 weeks sober it hit me like a lightning bolt that after a relatively stable and as yet successful recovery I've allowed myself to revert back to many alcoholic behaviors. One of the complaints from my family while I was drinking was my anger - I would see red at the drop of a hat and lash out with yelling and shamefully with some emotional abuse. ..I haven't - thankfully - had a substance relapse but my impatience anger and tendency to immediately snap into a rage has increased slowly but surely. This past fall and early winter have been among the most stressful times in my life with both my father and one of my best friends both in the ICU for weeks. Yes I've had a "reason" for my stress but not an excuse for my actions. My wife has noticed her patience is wearing thin she's starting to purposefully avoid me and asked me to seek assistance - which I did today via my psychiatrist who I'm seeing for anxiety and ADHD...But - the duh moment: I've only addressed half the problem or less!  I haven't worked my recovery in order to compensate for the extreme life events. I've kept it at a "maintenance" level.  Yes I sought help from professionals but not from my choice in recovery - AA.  I totally blanked on the fact that my solution is not a single one - but a two-pronged one and I've neglected a full half of it...Time to re-do my steps. Time to re-concentrate what brought me to my knees in summer 2013. Time to remember why my family almost fell apart in the first place and to prevent it from happening again. **Time to be honest and remember that even without alcohol I'm still an alcoholic.**..I write this to keep myself accountable and to - with utmost respect for your process and all humility - place a bug in the ear of those who have a decent amount of sobriety under their belt to be watchful for your old alcoholic behaviors. Because it snuck up on me big time. And I wouldn't wish that on y'all...As always Love you all and I won't drink with you today.  In addition I gratefully request your good thoughts.  Or if you're a prayerful person for a quick prayer that I have the strength to address my behavior before I bring any additional hurt to my family.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you! This is a great reminder.
There's so much in what you've said here.  I guess that the things that could trigger our alcohol intake are still out there and that you're saying we need to address them long before we reach for another bottle.  That makes sense...People don't often mention ADHD here and I suspect that when they hear the term they think of some little kid bouncing of the walls (like on a sugar high).  As I've been digging into the core of my way of being a very insightful shrink made the connection between my behavior and ADHD.  The meds have done a really good job of helping me level out on a daily basis but as your post reminds me there's more to be learned than just that.  Thanks!
Thank you for the reminder.  I am sending thoughts of peace and many blessings to you for a healthy and prosperous new year.
Great post. I needed it today.
Great Post!..Sending Good Thoughts and Offering Prayerful Support!
Best wishes to you and yours it's the eternal struggle of the alcoholic (or anyone with emotional issues really). As long as you don't pick up the bottle you're on your way to fixing it. We all fall into that trap sometimes but you caught it.
Thank you for posting...Sending good vibes which is kind of like prayer :)
Got me thinking about my own anger management issues. With a year dry under my belt I still need to do a bunch of work...Thinking of you (sort of like prayer) and wishing you the best to address these things that you have identified as needing attention. ..Best wishes for a great 2017.
Nice work. Thanks for sharing.
I had almost exactly the same thing happen to me back in 2013. I stopped working the program and the few meetings I attended I basically just kept the dust off a chair.  ..Sure enough every single one of my defects escaped and ran right up the flagpole. I called it my "dry relapse".  ..However it led me to be much more vigilant and self aware and it sounds like you are at a point where you have resolved to do the same.  ..It worked. After an episode where my defects ran rampant I would experience the Four Horsemen from Page 151: Terror Bewilderment Frustration &amp; Despair. After becoming more self-aware I could hear the thunder of their hoofbeats before they made it near to me. I could feel the rage the volatility starting to rise and recognize its approach. THAT'S when I could as it says on Page 87 "pause when agitated".  ..That pause makes all the difference. Sometimes just taking less than a second rather than lashing out instinctively was all it took for me to reconsider my words or get a better grip on myself before I indulged my temper.  ..Hope it works for you. Remember it was never what was in my hand that got me into trouble. It was what was in my head. And if it stayed in my head that might have been okay but instead it squirted right out of my mouth.  ..I'm an alcoholic and some things are better left unsaid. Problem was realizing it BEFORE I said them.
That's very interesting and thought provoking for myself. Reminded me of corrosive behaviours that framed the drinking that also need to be closely managed even though I'm sober. Thanks for posting. 
