-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5l7rny/my_ongoing_sober_transformation_pic_included/

What you came here for: https://imgur.com/gallery/hNvmE..I wanted to share this for anyone still struggling who doesn't see the physical spiritual emotional or mental changes in themselves  right away since quitting drinking. I know I didn't. Until I looked at them side by side. ..I got sober in 2012. My last drink was July 14 2012. The before photo was taken in 2014. The after photo was taken last month. I finally decided to do something about my weight issues upon getting sober. ..Please trust the process. I know I spent a long time getting wasted so it's going to take some time to get right with myself again. I was an instant gratification kind of girl and always want things to happen right away when I want them. But this is a journey and time takes time. ..Edit: awwww shucks you guys!! Thank you for all the warm wishes! It wasn't easy but anything in life worth having doesn't come easy. Recovery is possible. 
----------immediate responses--------

Woohoo!  I love your bright your eyes look in the 2nd pic.  And cute hair too. So much easier to keep hair stylin' when you have the energy for self care. ..Do you feel like it took you two years to get a 'decen't photo or is it hard  to find pics from 2012 as well?
Congrats! You are looking beautiful! :) I hope to be more photogenic in the future. :)
You look great! Thanks for sharing!
Love the process talk.  Time takes time indeed.  
Isn't it amazing how that puffy face seems so normal until it isn't there any more? I can't remember the last time I had a 'normal' face. I am looking forward to it!
you look fantastic well done :)
You look amazing. Thank you so much for sharing this and for the reminder that change takes time.  Happy New Years!
Sobriety becomes you!
You look maawwvolous! 
&gt; Please trust the process..Love it! You look so much healthier.. Congratulations!
You're such an inspiration! Thank you for sharing :) 
Wow fantastic ! Congratulation to you. Looking to do the same now. 
congrats!..you look great and Im very jealous of your crazy thick hair! 
WOW!!!!
Congratulations! You look so healthy - such an inspiration. Thanks for sharing!
Amazing!!!
What an inspiration! Thank you for sharing!
You look amazing! One of the things I have noticed as well in any of my short term bouts of sobriety is how the puffy face so quickly disappears. I hate to say I am once again in the single digit numbers after the holidays but I would be lying if I didn't say I wasn't looking forward to that haha!.Congratulations on your time health and continued success!
Congratulations and thanks for sharing. .You look great.
Wow you look great!
Wow!!! You look so healthy and beautiful!! This is awesome thanks for the inspiration today. :)
Great job!  You have the kind of hair that should be starring in a shampoo commercial -- thick and shiny and gorgeous. Hope you have a happy new year!!
Beautiful! Thanks for the inspiration!
I love this! Way to go beautiful!
You look awesome I always get impatient thanks for the support to stick it out over wanting instant gratification!!
You look awesome! Way to go  
Ok I clicked on the bait. Nice work. Sobriety looks great on you.
A lot of people talk abt the calories in alcohol alone but I think the main problem is the hungover binges. I would eat terribly after a night of heavy drinking any diet I might have been on was forgotten because who cares about that when you're miserable and depressed. When I stopped drinking I dropped ten pounds in a month without intending to I just wasn't eating horribly due to alcohol withdrawal.
