-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5l9wik/how_to_cope_with_the_memory_of_regrettable_events/

I'm struggling today SD. I've said and done some stupid things in my life while under the influence. And though I work really hard at my career and hobbies and try to be the best person I can I have a nagging voice in the back of my head telling me that I'm not THAT great because I did or said X while drunk at some point. ..I know I need to move forward. I haven't had a drink in 3 weeks but I'm still having trouble seeing myself as a stable person and not a sloppy idiotic drunk. I truly am not myself when under the influence and I hate that the world has seen that other side of me repeatedly and I kept on showing it to them. I guess I'm finding self love to be a challenge today.
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone. Whenever one of those memories pops into my head I say "Hello there you stupid-assed memory nice to see you now go away." And then I find something useful to do. The more useful things I do the better I feel about myself. ..The other day I remembered the time I stood up in front of the class to read something in first grade and peed my pants. Seriously. That was 55 years ago. I really can't do anything about it. Sometimes I have to treat wacky memories as though they're somebody else's flitting through.
I find it difficult to be kind to myself. When those feelings of inadequacy surface I try to remember to ask myself how I would respond to a friend or family member if they spoke of themselves the way I'm speaking to myself at the moment. I would gently remind them that we all do things that shouldn't define us and that we can always improve. I did awful things when I was drinking but today I am not doing those things. I hurt people close to me when I was drinking but I've sincerely apologized and today I am being kind with my words and generous with my affection. I made a fool of myself when I was drinking but today I am being productive and have control over my actions. Be nice to KB-Turtle. KB_Turtle is doing the best that he/she can do today and that's enough. Congratulations on 22 days! That's awesome and I will not drink with you today!
This is great ZhenLing!  Those embarrassing memories even from early childhood do pop up and are pretty tough.  ..KB I also try to consider myself a good and compassionate friend that says: "Yah you were ridiculous that night but I still love ya.  You're awesome on so many levels so don't beat yourself up!"  I've said that to close friends and in fact they've said it to me.  No-one is perfect and everyone is having some kind of struggle (that we may or may not know about). Most of the time people are dealing with their own inner dialogue.  The tricky part is to say kind and compassionate things to yourself and focus on all of the awesome things you've done and continue to do.  This idea certainly doesn't under-write any damage that I've done but it been working for me in those awful shot-to-the-stomach pop-up memories.  ..A friend of mine recently presented one of the lamest cliches:  "Keep your eyes on the road ahead.  You can't drive forward looking in the rear view mirror..."  Well... its yet one more idea for dealing with regret.  Wishing you the best today.  You're awesome!
well you never have to do those things again. ..Time and the steps of AA have helped me forgive myself. 
I do that too sometimes. It gets easier the more time that goes by. I tell myself I'm not that person anymore. I just don't do that anymore. Ive learned from those nights everything I can and I don't regret them because it gave me a heads up that I need to stop now while stopping is still completely within my power. I'm thankful for that and so I'm thankful for those incidents and I don't regret them.
"We -- I you -- tend to feel unworthy of some of the blessings that come our way perhaps because in our darker moments it is so much more than we think we deserve." -- David Carr The Night of the Gun
I was able to make an inventory and share it with my sponsor in AA. He made me feel at ease and by clearing those thoughts and memories with someone else I was able to get past it by first forgiving myself then making amends with those I had harmed.  ..When I took control of those events I found I took their power away.  They no longer ruled my life.  I was no longer ruled by fear.   If there was someone I would avoid if I saw them I figured out why and fixed it. Soon there was no one I was afraid to face.  
I struggle with the same thing but I tell myself that no one is perfect and I'm not the same person I was back then. We have all made mistakes and done things we regret. Think of the "best" person you know -- even they've done something "bad" at some point. I try to accept what I've done and move on. I try not to think destructively because that doesn't solve anything. Easier said than done I know! The memories will fade eventually. I just try and focus on being the best person I can be one day at a time. It sounds like you are on the right path and have learned from your mistakes and I think that is great!
