-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lc47p/startled_and_saddened_by_a_statistic/

I just watched the HBO doc "Risky Drinking". They showed a statistic saying 80% of people relapse within their first year of sobriety. I'm committed to staying sober but this felt like a punch in the gut. I've been struggling lately and reading that made me think "well fuck what's the point?" Any supportive/encouraging messages would be so helpful right now. :)
----------immediate responses--------

80% isn't 100%! You don't have to be part of the 80 be part of the 20. You can do it :) 
I just watched it an hour ago and was also startled by that among other things.  The important thing seems to be having a good support system as far as I could tell.  Best of luck I won't drink with you today
I was told that 95% of people relapsed within a year after leaving the rehab I went to...I did everything in my fucking power to get better and beat those odds. And I did. So fuck you statistics. I have choice and power over what I put into my body and how I react to stress.
[deleted]
Firstly that's an *estimate* because there are no reliable statistics...Secondly - here's a quiz:..(1) Are you a better than average driver?..(2) Do you communicate better than most people?..(3) Are you smarter than most people you know?..Well I have made some assumptions about your answers and have concluded:  YOU'RE ABOVE AVERAGE!   ;D..So you've already beaten the odds Right?  ..Finally did you know that half the people in the world have a below average salary??    Wow!!..Seriously you've got 8 Solid Sober Months!  I've got confidence in you!!..
Yeah those stats can be a bummer.....But looking at your badge you have 243 days right?  Because here's my guess.  I would be willing to bet that people who have made it 240+ days have about a 75% chance of making it beyond a year.  Many of those can make it to 5 years and beyond...I think most people relapse within their first 30 days of "attempted sobriety".  It takes a lot of attempts to make this stick.  If you watched "Risky Drinking" you know that you have now made it well beyond what any of the four featured people could do. I think you got this personally.  
I know!  How freaking annoying is that statistic?  The number is probably due to the fact that we tend to relapse the first few tries at it.  I probably "quit" and relapsed a half dozen times this year.  The good news for many/most of us is that we come to the point where we truly come to realize that the same old shit just ain't working anymore.  When that happened for me it was like a gentle wave of calmness came to soothe and encourage me to do this thing.  Once we know we need to do it and believe that we can do it - well good stuff will eventually follow.  
I heard something similar at rehab and was determined to be one of the ones to make it through the first year and beyond. So I focused on everything I could control which was my own effort in seeking out help going to therapy AA dry people dry places for a good six months building a support network of sober friends etc. I've seen a lot of people relapse and for the most part they seem to be people who don't seem willing to change anything about their lives to support their sobriety. ..I have control over my own effort so I focus on that just for today and that has worked pretty well so far. Are you concerned about the amount of effort you are putting in?
When I first stopped things like that really bothered me but I remain so determined to stay sober that I don't pay attention anymore.  I know if my head hits the pillow every night sober those stats are meaningless!  
Well I for one plan to beat those odds
The stat I heard most recently is about 1/3 of people who try to quit make it to one year. After one year about half make it another year and that by five years the failure rate drops to 10-15%. ..TBH I found this stat helpful after some sitting with it. Because realistically I've seen countless people in my own life relapse and only a very few remain abstinent from drugs/alcohol. So the stat was helpful because it matches what I've intuited. I think it also underscores that perhaps I need to really think carefully about what advice I do and don't listen to. Perhaps it's reinforced for me that if I am absolutely determined to remain abstinent I simply *must* do it my own way. ..It also allowed me to start asking (both of myself and of an addiction specialist and of my GP) what qualities those people (who succeeded) share. ..Lastly I'm very stubborn by nature and so an immediate well *fuck it I'll be damned if I'm not going to beat the odds* drive kicks in...Point being - 1/3 of people (or maybe only 20%) are doing something right. That is *alot* of people and the question becomes - what can I learn from them and how can I join their ranks. ..With you.
[deleted]
If that statistic is accurate then I'm one of the 20% that hasn't relapsed. I don't take the first drink. If we don't take the first drink we won't relapse. ..What's the point? I have a wonderful happy sober life that I wouldn't trade for anything. I couldn't stay sober though without lots of help especially in the early years. Therapy and AA got me helped me when I struggled. 
20% is a far cry from 0...No one said it would be easy..
There's a difference between court ordered rehab and wanting to be clean. I've been to rehab most people including myself were forced there either by the government (court) or significant others/spouses. ..I've reached a point that I WANT to stop. Not because someone is telling me. Not because I got in trouble with the law. But because I'm sick of what it's doing to my life. ..Actually wanting to stop versus being told to stop is where you separate yourself from that statistic. Now your chances of remaining sober are much higher.
Harvard has a 5% acceptance rate. That doesn't mean a kid with a 4.0 &amp; good test scores has just a 5% chance. ..Addiction recovery rates are low across the board. But it's not a lottery. You decide whether you make it or not. .
Well it's all perspective. I was once a chronic relapser I'd make it 30-60 days and then go back out for months sometimes years. Now I tried sobriety differently (coming here to SD and AA) and have almost 7 months and I don't feel worried at all about making it to a year. ..I've also met people through AA who have relapsed after serious *time*. One in particular that I can think of was sober for 17 years then relapsed and stayed drinking for 7 years now has almost 2 years sober again. Honestly it doesn't matter how much time any of us have - relapse is something we'll always have to be careful about...That said the statistic probably makes a good point in that the longer time you have probably the easier it gets to keep going. 
It's definitely a scary statistic but I agree that many of the people who relapse again and again in the first month (myself twice this year for example) skew those stats. I am fully confident at 62 days that I have a better than 20% chance of making it to a year.  And really I'm not worried about that...I just need to make it to bedtime tonight :)
The statistic that I commonly use in groups is that on average a person in recovery relapses seven times.  That's not permission to relapse seven times nor does it mean everyone relapses seven times; some will relapse more times than that some less and some never. ..The purpose of this is to illustrate that relapse happens.  In a perfect world it wouldn't but this is a far from perfect world.  The best we can do is try to understand what heightens our own risks for relapse and work to lower those risks for ourselves
I always take statistics with a grain of salt. I dont know how to word this but do people who don't relapse seek less help making it biased. I.e. they see the people returning to groups or therapy but not the ones who make it on their own.
I got to a year one day at a time. I'm closing in on two but that doesn't matter. What matters is today and today I did not drink. I'll handle tomorrow when I get there but today...today I did not drink.
95 days to go. To beat the odds. 
