-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lf31u/ruined_my_last_night_with_long_distance_fianc e/

This will be long: Foolish pigheaded alcohol induced obstinance and arrogance ensured I spent my last night (December 30th) after three lovely weeks (and a few occurrences of the same instance) with my long distance partner in an aimless quarrel initiated by my drunken self to wake up hungover and hazy and shamefully accompany her to the airport with only regret and the realization that my drinking is out of control - an idea I've toyed with for some time now but repeatedly managed to quell usually by having another drink. ..That beast comes out when I've had too many my compel to push 'philosophical' conversation goes unabated as does my resolve to avoid forcing my 'wise insights' down her throat and any other unassuming folk in the immediate vicinity. ..She woke up hurt and timid perhaps a little frightful of who I become when I'm like that. She told me this has happened once too many (once IS too many I now tell myself)...Only when I'm drunk. I push my point and then lose my point and make up another and lose that one too and upon questioning desperately scavenge around for the next nearest reason I can find to argue why I've become sullen and sulky and unwilling to back down and justify my abrasive and sadistic demeanor. ..Here's a little explanation of the habits that got me to this point and this point being my decision to stop drinking....Even in the rare moments I was sober I wasn't actually experiencing being sober but simply being sober briefly whilst thinking about when I could next have a drink. ..Not really appreciating *not* being intoxicated instead trying to work out if I'd have enough time for a pint in those 15 minutes after getting off the tube before going to work as a bartender where I knew I'd drink more usually within 15 minutes of starting my shift. ..Not enough time to get a pint before work? Not to worry. I'll just fill up this mini hip flask with whisky before leaving and slyly drink it on the tube into central. ..Doing a double shift today so what should I do on my one hour break? Get some food so I'm not hungry and eating a shitty meal deal sandwich at 11pm later? No let's go to the pub and drink a pint. Maybe another half if there's still time. Skyping with my LDR during that brief window of time we're both awake and free - just move away from the camera a little when you take a sip and hide your glass - you don't want her judging you for drinking at 4pm between shifts. It's not really a problem. (So why are you hiding it then?) ..It would always be me that would say - 'so who's having a half pint' immediately after getting to work. 'So what are we drinking tonight?' ..One glass of wine left in the bottle from a table? I'll drink that. White wine red wine doesn't matter. ..And one would turn into another. Over pour on this cocktail leave an extra shot of spirit in that jigger drink it in a few moments when no one is looking. ..Go to the shop and buy a bottle of wine to drink at 10.30 on my cigarette break. ..Going home straight after my shift because I'm back in at 10am the next day for a 15 hour shift? ..Nope let's go to the bar that's open for another 30 minutes and have another pint. May as well have a shot as well since the bar is doing last orders. ..Night bus home? I'll get some cans of gin and tonic to pass the time. ..(admittedly all of these wouldn't necessarily occur one after the other in one and the same night but it could and if not it would at least consist of a couple of these components.)..Day off from work? Let's do something productive and self caring. I'll go to my favourite second-hand book store and scour the dusty shelves. On the way I'll just have a quick red wine though because I'm a real bohemian and that's what they do right? So I never make it to the book store. ..One glass down and I'm texting my drinking buddy who I know is always up for drinking a litre of whisky on his rooftop both of of us caressing each other's drunk egos on how the world doesn't understand us and we're dismayed with humanity. ..So I meet him and stumble home at 5am my *day off* done with and diminished into nothing except a disgraced bank balance and a disgraced me. ..Or maybe I don't. Maybe I stay home and tell myself I'll get my room organised and play all those video games I've been accumulating on steam but I'll go buy some food and supplies first. So I pick up a bottle of red whilst at the shop for 'later' and later soon becomes much sooner when after getting home (and it's now already 3pm because I slept in so late after drinking my entire shift the previous night) I open that wine maybe after having that beer that was left in the fridge. ..And it's maybe 8pm and I know I'm at work at 10 tomorrow and I worry a little because there's only one more glass left in the house so I decide I'll go get another bottle just to be safe one wouldn't want to run out so early in the evening and I drunkenly gallivant off to the shop and pick up the next and tell myself it's just one glass and nearly finish that one too and probably only managed 10 minutes of gaming because I was too drunk to focus and now even to drunk to read that book I was so enamoured by in the thrift book shop so I pass out and wake up tomorrow 3 minutes before I have to leave and already 30 minutes later than I needed to ..and at work my boss is hungover too so I whip up a bloody mary (which is admittedly the best bloody mary you ever had) and struggle through. Then break time comes and you know the rest.. ...So I stop. Today is day 3...And I was working NYE and I knew it would be tough. I arrive at work and announce I'm not drinking and they alternate between assuming I'm joking then realizing I'm not then telling me I'm stupid and I've ruined their night because we were all supposed to get drunk and suffer through working NYE together and have a jolly ol' time and taking bets on how long until I crack (they had 7.30pm 8pm and 9pm) telling me to start tomorrow telling me I'm moody when I haven't had a drink offering me shots a half pint here a prosecco at midnight an after work drink when we've finished because we've earned it. ..One of our chefs who wasn't working that evening (and doesn't usually drink) came in with two bottles of Johnny Walker and passed it round during the shift - he ended up paraletic and unable to stand threw up repeatedly passed out on the bench outside our restaurant was refused an ambulance had us all spending an hour trying to get in touch with someone that could take him home and that was all the reminder I needed I'd made the right decision. ..Those bets they made? 7.30pm 8pm 9pm? They all lost. It's 12.30pm the following day and I'm still here sober having not had a drink woken up with a clear mentality and feeling proud. It's a long road ahead I'm sure but SD helped me profoundly in those first days. So here's my story and my thanks for you. ..**I won.**
----------immediate responses--------

Nice job! hope you keep winning in 2017.  I plan to win with you. First non hungover New Years Day in 15 years dating back to high school. 
You certainly should be proud of yourself. It's amazing how our lives consisted on drinking and when we can drink. It's a merry go round I needed off. Congratulations on looking deep and wanting off too. Sometimes looking at are selves is the hardest first thing to do during recovery. Good Luck you got this. 
Good for you!!! I was thinking about it yesterday how bad I had gotten before I quit drinking. How I was not ever really sober but maybe.. If my BAC lowered when I was sleeping. Then I'd wake and immediately add fuel back to my blood. I don't think I was really sober that often towards the end at all...
What a great way to start the New Year! Solid post my man. Kudos on your 3 days!
Wow. What an inspiring post. I will not drink with you today! 
Lots of good insight to your past and a great plan for your future.
Better late than never!!! :D you sound like you've got a good head on your shoulders. That can take you far.
We're so insightful when we're drunk that we have to push it down everyone's throat. We're so not like that old drunk sitting on that stool everyday babbling uninteresting stories to a bored waitress... until we realize we're that old drunk.
