-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lhql7/my_thoughts_on_one_year_sober/

I wanted to write this one year post to hopefully encourage someone out there who is struggling today. This sober journey is possible and it could be the most important life-changing thing you do for yourself as it has been for me. A year ago I knew that the one thing that would make me more happy than anything else in the world would be to finally stop drinking for good...There wasn't much of a grey area when it came to my addiction to alcohol: I didn't gradually become addicted to it like some starting out with a drink here and there at social gatherings. Instead from the get-go I drank alcohol to get severely drunk and impaired. My first night out drinking I chugged dangerous amounts of hard alcohol knowing it would "fuck me up." For some messed up reason that is how I wanted to feel and I continued to reach for that feeling for many years. My memories of that night and those first nights drinking are hazy and difficult to describe. I was 18 just out of high school but I had not touched a drop during high school. I'm still figuring out why I went from there to daily drinking so fast. I do know that I sought out alcohol as an escape from myself and my life and from how I felt about myself. The rush excited me and made me feel like I was in control of my happiness. ..I tried to convince myself there was a downward spiral to my addiction. But there wasn't. I had a dangerous relationship with alcohol from the start. There was rock bottom after rock bottom and I finally got tired of climbing out of the same dark hole again and again. ..I tried to control my drinking the past few years leading up to this one but the truth is I never had any control to begin with. I began to make serious efforts to stop when I was 23. I found SD the year I turned 25. And since then I consider myself a person in recovery. I turned 27 this past summer. For those of you reading this thinking that you are too young to have a problem or to stop I'll repeat something that I wrote in a recent comment here on SD: Age does not matter when it's a matter of saving your life. That's what I did this year. I did everything in my power to save my life...I think about how young I am and how quickly my alcoholism progressed. What might have happened to me this year if I had *not* stopped this scary cycle of drinking day in day out? Would I be here typing this? ..I want to tell all of you about each and every close call I had each and every broken morning each and every sleepless night and dreaded sunrise with that bottle by my side. But that would be the same sad story over and over. Instead I want to tell you about each and every beautiful thing that I got back this past year...I reconnected with my passion for the arts which helped heal me along the way. There were many days I felt like a child again noticing all the wonder that surrounds me and it's a feeling I will never get tired of. I get restful sleep and oftentimes I feel that each time I get a good nights rest I have healed some of the damage I did to myself knowing that I am blessed with another day another fresh start. I see life in my eyes again. I smile more. I feel more comfortable in my skin. My anxiety has plummeted. I feel less stressed. I look forward to living a fuller simpler life. I'm not always scrambling from one hazy moment to the next trying to feel better with another drink. So much unnecessary hardship has been lifted off my back. The smallest things offer me comfort now and for me that's the most beautiful part of sobriety. I feel content. ..Thanks for reading this. Just typing it out helped and I think that's what makes SD so amazing. ..Also my work is not done. Recovery is something I actively do every single day that I am awake and breathing. I am looking forward to whatever comes next and I can honestly say that life is so much better on the other side...Edit: Grammar. Also - Thanks to all of you for your kind words! They mean so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story with us and congrats on a year sober!
Inspirational well done ! 
Awesome post!  Congratulations!!
Thank you for posting this. I'm around your age and I was just thinking that "am I too young?" a few minutes ago. Reading your thoughts is helpful thank you!!
Thank you so much for sharing your story and thoughts with us and congratulations on one year! .."There wasn't much of a grey area when it came to my addiction to alcohol: I didn't gradually become addicted to it like some starting out with a drink here and there at social gatherings. Instead from the get-go I drank alcohol to get severely drunk and impaired. My first night out drinking I chugged dangerous amounts of hard alcohol knowing it would "fuck me up." For some messed up reason that is how I wanted to feel. My memories of that night and those first nights drinking are hazy and difficult to describe. I was 18 just out of high school and I had not touched a drop during high school. I'm still figuring out how I went from there to daily drinking so fast. I do know that I sought out alcohol as an escape from myself and my life and from how I felt about myself. The rush excited me and made me feel like I was in control of my happiness."..Really really struck home with that. Thank you for sharing and you're certainly not alone! I was a stiff no drugs or alcohol kid in high school and college but after some workplace challenges I started hitting alcohol hard and with the exclusive goal of getting messed up as quickly as possible. That awful anxiety over feeling "not drunk enough" and wanting more.. I've done so many things that make me shake my head in the pursuit of that stuff...You're an amazing person and great work getting to where you are! 12/3/17 I'll be writing my own one year testament!
My thoughts is this is great.  Congratulations. 
Congratulations! I'm 26 so I can relate to your thoughts on your age. I'm so happy for you!
This was beautiful to read thank you 
Enjoyed reading this. Thank you for sharing. Recovery really is an amazing thing. 
Congrats! Art is much better sober.
