-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lj3j2/day_1_but_of_how_many/

Hey all. I've been lurking for a while now a couple of months. Trying to get up the courage to take a step I should have taken a long time ago. ..I don't like to think of myself as an alcoholic. My former therapist said he wouldn't use that word either necessarily. But I do abuse alcohol. I'm fine going without booze but if I do start drinking I just can't stop. I also have depression and anxiety and self medicate with alcohol. I'm better than I used to be - I haven't driven drunk in something like a year? Yeah not proud of that. ..So I'm not much for New Year's resolutions but something has to change and there's no better time than now. So today I'm not drinking with you. But I'm scared. I've "tried" pretty half-heartedly to quit drinking in the past. I've made it a few weeks before. But then something happens and I start again. Usually it kicks off with a social event - I feel weird and self-conscious not drinking when my friends are. I'd love some advice on dealing with that hurdle...I hope that having a support network will help. I don't feel like I can tell my boyfriend - I've disappointed him too many times before and if he doesn't know I've quit he won't be upset when I relapse. Maybe I can tell him in a couple of weeks. If I make it that far. ..My plan is to just take it one day at a time for as many days as I can. I'm sure you can tell I'm not feeling confident about it. But reading your posts has given me hope that I can keep alcohol out of my life. Especially if you're not drinking with me. ..Wish me luck I guess. Day 1 is almost over. Day 2 is already making me nervous. But I didn't drink today. I can not drink tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

The hurdle of not drinking with your friends is simple. If they care their not your friends. Getting sober is for you. Only. If your coming here you might be an alcoholic cause you can't control your drinking..you go on a bender fuck up and fear keeps you sober? I would recommend a meeting of alcohols anonymous and look at step 1. :)
There's a lot to unwind there but one small thing is dealing with parties.  A huge weight was lifted off my shoulders when I started planning for social events.  I thought about what I would say if offered a drink.  I made plans to leave if I felt weird.  And most importantly if I felt at all weird i skipped it...And the funny thing was that as I started telling people I wasn't drinking it got easier.  I had some accountability people were supportive and I relaxed.  Give it a shot.  I was uncomfortable not drinking when I was planning my next relapse because I worried that people might "hold me to it.". I know now I was always planning to relapse.  ..It can be done! I am much more relaxed in social settings now and life is going on nicely without booze :). I won't drink with you today!
It really doesn't matter if you consider yourself an alcoholic problem drinker or a Drunky McDrunkface. The label or severity is not so important. What it important is the desire to stop drinking and it looks like you have that...I tried many times to stop. I would go days or weeks. But I always set a limit. I'd tell myself that I wouldnt drink for two weeks. But at midnight at the end of the second week I'd have a beer in hand counting down the seconds. ..When I got sober I didn't set a time. I decided it was time for a change and that's what this requires a life style change. But it's a pretty simple one. ..It's not like going to the gym where you have to drag yourself there. All you have to do is literally not drink. Willingness to do whatever it takes is all it takes...The rest of the life style sort of comes with it. And it's all good even what seems like bad. Like losing drinking buddies who you thought were friends but really just want someone to drink with. You'll learn who your real friends are...I just celebrated 18 months of sobriety. I stopped counting days after 6 months. My life has completely chabged I mean 180 turn around in that time. You can look at my post from yesterday if you'd like...Stopping drinking is the most important thing I've ever done. I would be digging myself into an early grave if I didn't stop. I'm sure of it. 
I don't think anyone likes to think of themselves as an alcoholic - in fact I think everyone here tried to negotiate the hell out of not being one. Anything but that!...But seriously I recognize a lot of myself in your post.  I couldn't bring myself to discuss it with my SO either because that would be 1) acknowledging a real problem and thus 2) I would have to do something about it.   I went back and forth a lot (am I or am I not an alcoholic should I drink tonight or not) and frankly wasted a lot of time (and endured more consequences) but that was the path I chose to take.    Not surprisingly when I finally did accept that I was an alcoholic whatever that means and did come clean with my husband I was finally able to stop and everything got a lot easier.  And for what it's worth even when I admitted to my most hateful humiliating horrible secret and how much I had been struggling I found that in that moment I actually *earned* his respect. He really had no idea what I was going through (still doesn't to some extent).   He was sad that I had kept him in the dark that I had struggled alone that I didn't trust him enough to be open with him.   ..In addition to this sub I also found the recovery podcasts like The Bubble Hour hugely helpful.    Hang in there!  
How many? As many as you want! With drinking I used to operate on a "if it feels good do it" mentality. Now I'm operating on a "it feels so good not to do it!" mentality. Don't get me wrong there are tough times when alcohol would provide a temporary solution but by going to meetings and hanging out at SD I've been able to keep the big picture in perspective: that overall my life is much better without alcohol. 
I reckon most of us have had our share of day 1s. I'm on day 1 again myself. A couple of times a year I decide to quit and succeed for three months before failing. Almost every time because I think I can go into the bar and NOT drink. It fails every time. I just don't beat myself up  over it. I got laid off early in the year and went my usual three months of no drinking and started up again around June. Only difference this time was that I replaced my 12pk a day habit with two Tallboys of those Bud Light margarita drinks. Not even enough for a decent buzz. It was mostly just to unwind after a long day. Well I went out last night to the bar. Woke up today at noon hungover and decided to try again. ..In my experience the first week is the hardest. I might have a 6-pack of O'Douls to get me through the week. After that it gets a LOT easier.
