-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lnaqs/desperate_for_freedom_but_feeling_powerless/

I am 28 mother of two amazing little girls and I have a wonderful supportive husband. I have everything I could ever ask for yet each night I am consumed with drinking myself to sleep. I am repulsed with myself...I drank casually before April 2015 when my younger brother was killed. He was technically my uncle (my maternal Grandfather remarried to a younger woman hence the two younger uncles.) but was adopted by my parents when both of their parents passed away. So he was a brother to me anyways I took him under my wing. All they had was each other when they came to live with us in 2007. When we had to go get their things from their apartment we were shocked at how awful it was in there.. turns out their mother was abusing pain pills and the kids were feeding themselves dry ramen and poptarts for meals. The youngest one Tod was a chunky little guy with big goofy glasses perfect manners and a sense of humor. He grew up to be one of the kindest most altruistic humans I've ever met. He did anything for anyone and could make anyone laugh. But he was taken away from us in a senseless drug fueled beating with a metal skillet. A friend he grew up with who had also lost his mother and who was struggling with addiction had convinced him to try heroin that night.. and then beat him trying to wake him up in a panic. After 15 days in ICU and with expectations of recovery we had to pull his vent and he passed away at 20 years old. In those 15 days I drank and cried. I pleaded and prayed to a God I didn't even believe in. On the day he died within a half hour of arriving to the hospital we were told there was no hope and we had to make the world's cruelest decision and let him go. The days weeks months actually following I couldn't eat I didn't get out of bed for work or to put the girls on the bus for school. I cried but tried to hide it from the girls as much as possible because they too were struggling with the loss. My 5 year old would ask the saddest shit like even though he's in heaven could he still come to her birthday party? Could he write her a letter? Send her mail? Come home for christmas? Could we go to heaven to visit him? I did my best to comfort them to put on a happy face if i could manage and countdown the minutes until I could drink away the excruciating pain I'd suppressed during the day. This pattern continued although I did have to muster the strength to get up and put the girls on the bus and go to work meaning that much of the time I did these things while hungover sometimes I still felt a little drunk waking up. I'd then spend the following morning hungover and ill. This continued until around January of this year when after making it through the first birthday and christmas the pain started to ease a bit. Still I continued to drink a bottle to what has now become two bottles because it's such an... well addiction now sadly. Even when I HATE IT. I've stood in the kitchen practically pissed I had to drink a nasty liquor or some shit simply because i got my hands on it. I didnt even want to drink it but I couldn't convince myself that apparently because it always manages to make it's way into my body. Sometimes I drink so much i go ahead and puke to prevent a possible hangover or if i drink a double bottle of wine i sneak and drink whats left as soon as i wake up using hair of the dog as an excuse. I am sick of it. It's relaxing for a moment or two then it's just me knocking it back as fast as possible make sure i don't eat before I drink so I can get as drunk as possible. I hate it. I am better than this I want to be the best mother I can be and look at what I've let happen to myself. I let grief and insomnia turn me into an alcoholic. I am trying so hard to figure out how to manage this. I went to the physician around 3 weeks ago and got on effexor for anxiety/depression issues. Still waiting on that to kick in. But no matter how desperate I am to just go home and wake up tomorrow not having drank I know damn well I'm buying wine on my way home from work tonight no matter how hard I'm pleading with myself because I'm hurting over this and it's the only comfort I know . I hate this.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really sorry for your loss and your grief. It sounds like you might really benefit from counseling for your loss and the drinking too. Going on anti-depressants might help but be aware that they are limited in usefulness if you continue to drink. Best wishes.
My children were a major motivation. They deserved a sober healthy mother. I got professional help in the form of a therapist. She got me started on the road to recovery. I saw a doctor who evaluated my detox needs. Were you honest with the doctor about how much you are drinking? Anti-depressants are not effective in combination with alcohol. I went to detox rehab outpatient and got involved in AA. It sounds like you need more support. The powerlessness of addiction was/is the depth of despair. The freedom of sobriety is intoxication. There is help if you want it. 
I spoke with a counselor.  She recommended meetings.  I went and got support from people who understand got tools resources and fellowship...I've not looked back!
I'm so sorry for your loss and that you're going through this.  I went off the rails with my drinking 4 years ago when my brother was killed in a senseless crime.  I am so happy to be finally getting it under control but I worry about how much I have damaged my body and I certainly can see how it has impacted my looks.  If you can get it under control now in under 2 years you will be so much better off especially as young as you are.  Also your kids are young enough that they will probably never realize that you were a heavy drinker.  I've never heard anyone say on this board that they regret quitting I hope you're able to give it a break for a month or whatever seems manageable to you you can do this!  
I didn't think I could do it either.  I'd pretty much accepted that I would just slowly drink myself to death.  I'd tried before and failed.  When I realized I couldn't do it on my own I got help.  I got a therapist.  I read on SD for at least an hour a day. I also went to a few AA meetings and learned that alcoholics aren't two-headed monsters but rather decent normal human beings like you and me. I tried an anti-depressant that wasn't the right one for me - probably because I was still drinking at the time and the two can sometimes cancel each other out.  A new one I'm on is working much better now that I'm not drinking.   Now somehow after a few false starts I'm at peace that I can no longer drink alcohol.  ..Soooo... if a bum like me can do it - I suspect that anyone can.  I'll be keeping a good thought for you Atahelsel.  
