-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lngvo/day_one_in_nevada/

Thank you everyone for your candor and humor.    It gives me hope when just this morning I was sort of mourning for the habit I must break.  ..I had decided last month to quit and chose today.  I spent the morning searching the Internet for tips on how to quit without AA.   . .My mother and my sister are both recovering and we all Live in very close proximity to each other and my mom and my sister are the reigning queen bees of AA around here.  I'm just afraid that going to the meetings where everyone knows them would be more stressful than not going to meetings at all.  Also having been around them and their AA friends years upon years I know how political the organization can be and I just don't have any ability to tolerate that right now. ..It's hard because I don't feel like I am in a great position to ask for help because no one knows that I'm struggling.   Not even my husband and my kids. Like I know that I'm lucky that my rock-bottom is softer than most...I've never gotten a DUI thank God - never hurt anybody but myself thank God. Never got the pleasure of a medical emergency like some of the terrifying ones I read about here today.  I just drink too much alcohol home alone.   ..I'm tired of letting it control me.  I'm tired of having to sneak off to buy it.  I'm tired of wondering if the cashier at the grocery store members that I bought alcohol two days ago. ..So I'm going to remember to remember all the things I'm letting alcohol steal from me.    My money my self-esteem my figure my looks my  health my sex life.   ..Thank you all for sharing your journeys.   
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly that does sound like it would be a concern to me (going to AA where your closest family members are strong participants). Can you go a bit further afield for meetings? You can also check SMART recovery or Refuge Recovery for meetings near you. On the other hand having two people in your life with such solid sobriety could really be a massive help too. They could be valuable assets in your recovery. I also didn't have any serious legal consequences but I did have some burgeoning health issues. My only regret is that I didn't get sober sooner! Best wishes!
Day one for me as well here in Idaho. .I can understand why the aa might be hard having family involved like that. I've done meetings before and it just wasn't for me. .I'm going to just try to stay motivated and positive for my wife and kids and focus on being the best dad and husband I can be for them. .Your post really struck a chord with me as far as no duis health problems etc. and always changing up stores to not get noticed. .Best of luck and I am not drinking with you today. .
Congratulation to you and the people who care about you!!!!!!
