-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lpxyf/it_will_never_be_the_same/

My old sponsor used to say "once you come through the doors of AA your drinking career will never be the same." Boy was he right. That was 5 years ago. I struggled for a long time after that but my drinking was never the same. I would think of a story that I heard in AA and it would make me feel guilty. I think once I admitted I had a problem it ate at me every time I would drink. I tried to drink it away. I couldnt. Now the pain of quitting is less than the pain of drinking. Thanks for letting me share my thoughts.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm finding the same. It's almost a relief to not be drinking...I didn't realise how much of my time was taken up by thinking about it never mind drinking it...Glad to be here and glad you are here too :)
Thanks for posting this. I needed it tonight. 
I'm with you. Yet after a year-and-a-half with a couple one-time lapses I went back to drinking daily for a couple years. I did have an added layer of guilt and shame because of what I'd learned in recovery. I feel so relieved to not be carrying that weight around. 
I had this same experience.  Went to a few AA meetings at treatment stayed sober for 8mo but didn't change anything in my life went back to drinking for a couple years.  It was never the same &amp; I too think it was the guilt and shame of it all.  In retrospect that was some good guilt and shame to have.
&gt;...the pain of quitting is less than the pain of drinking..This!  Once I really embraced that truth for myself things started to change for me.  Before the pain of quitting was enough to make me drink.  Now I see the cravings and early physical withdrawal symptoms as my dues for becoming a member of a club that I very much want to enjoy.  
I lost that sponsor 3 years ago today. He has since passed away. On his death bed I told him that he never gave up on me. I wish he could see me now. Words he said to me years ago have reasonated with me now more than ever. He'd always say "You have the tools in your head but they have to make their way to your heart." He had 25 years. I learned so much from him. The tools are slowly leaking into my heart. This sub has been so great. 
