-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lvwhx/a_relapse/

I drank on dec. 30 after 54 days sober...  2 martinis and a few glasses of wine...  I was with with my wife's family and everyone drinks and I just followed along although I'm not exactly sure why I succumbed to that urge.  I have certainly fought more powerful urges.  I guess I had an ok time but I woke up with a rough hangover and was reassured when I realized I liked sober me better.  So I am back with my drink of choice - soda with a lime..   I guess I can live with 56/57 days sober today and not beat myself up too much...  Not resetting the badge.  Is that OK?
----------immediate responses--------

My previous substance abuse counselor would refer to that as a "slip" as opposed to a complete relapse; he explained that a relapse is essentially reverting back even a short period of time to where you were previously at.  For me secretly binge drinking to the point of unconsciousness...I wouldn't reset the badge. 
Thanks...  I feel better about the term "slip" as well.  
My badge reflects the amount of days I've gone without consuming alcohol. That's what a vast majority of people's badges here mean. Your badge is yours to do with whatever you want though. ..I choose to be honest with myself about what my goal here is. For me that is 100% no consumption of alcohol. If I consciously put alcohol in my mouth I would reset.  Not resetting would mean I was trying to avoid the consequences of my actions.
I have two trackers the one on SD is my current sober streak and I have another on a habit app that tracks the days  that I have been sober over all so it works out a percentage like 90% over the last 6 months.  Its your badge but to me the fact I'd have to reset my SD badge is a deterrent from drinking even a couple occasionally. 
This is my opinion and my opinion only :) That is YOUR badge. Not MY badge or anyone else's badge. It represents something different to each one of us so the choice to reset is yours. I will say that for me when I reset I too asked myself "do I need to reset?". The first thing that jumped to my mind was the old saying "if you have to ask...". Again for me MY badge is about honesty and accountability to myself. I suggest trusting your gut instinct about what to do badge-wise and congratulations on coming back to SD! I will not drink with you today!!
