-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m3u47/anyone_rstopdrinking_with_a_partner_still_drinking/

My wife and are both functional alchie's. Descent jobs great kids no big financial or legal problems ...pretty normal. But underneath it all we both HAVE to have multiple drinks(vodka tonics) during and even more on weekends. We always come up with rules..like no drinking during the week only drink x amount on weekends stop drinking for a month switch to wine water down the bottle the list goes on and on. We always break our rules which tells me there's a problem.Every morning I swear off of it... only to get the itch about 4:30-5 everyday. It's affecting our lives in a way that almost seems invisible then I look at my kids and see them turning into young adults before my eyes. It's been made very clear by them that they have watched mom and dad struggle for some time...we just didn't see it..I decided that I was going to be sober before my 42nd so I can truly enjoy the last few years with my kids at home and find some true value in my own life..My wife has decided not to stop. It's ok it actually makes me feel better about my decision if that makes sense? I was tempted tonite @4 days in until she started rambling on and slurring. Actually made me feel good I was sober today. We'll see how tomorrow goes. I will not drink today...even if she does. .
----------immediate responses--------

My SO drinks although she drinks well within what is considered non-risk. About 1-2 glasses of wine 1-3 days a week. ..She doesn't really know I have decided to be sober for a long time as I've been masquerading my drinking problems. So while cooking tonight she had a glass of wine.  I didn't...I salute your resolve! 
My husband didn't stop although he has cut back a bit since I quit.  It doesn't bother me for some reason I guess because he never seems buzzed/impaired and I never enjoyed the taste of alcohol.  
Yes. We both were pretty bad for a while things were pretty grim. Those were some dark times. ..Our son is 14...I quit for a year then picked it up again for three years. Now I'm sober three and a half months...There's booze in the house because she isn't going to quit. Which is fine. Shoot I drive her to the bar now and again then pick her up when she's done...Most times I don't even think about it anymore. There was a moment about a week ago I wanted to take a sip of her drink but I got through that. ..I think she has moderated some since I gave it up again...But really I did this for myself and for my son and she's an adult who makes her own choices and there you have it...Good luck! 
My situation sounds very similar.  2 weeks after I decided to stop drinking my husband decided to join me.  It was a surprise to me!  He has said though that he is just taking a break.  He has every intention to drink again.  He also said he does not like it when we are in different states of mind.  I think he feels weird about drinking alone  without me.  Who knows how long this will last...One day at a time!  But for now we are sober and no alcohol is in the house.  Keep it up!!!  You never know who you may inspire.  And I guarantee your kids notice that you are sober!  I am not drinking with you today!
Day 4 is tough so nice job on keeping with it!  And also amazing job for deciding to stop drinking especially if you identify as this unicorn of the "Functional alcoholic".  My BF still drinks but he now only drinks maybe 2x a month (And one or two beers at that).  People without drinking problems can do that...we can't!..Here's a good read for tonight:.https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/
Yep. Beer was our thing and my SO has drank beers every night since I quit. In the first few days of my quit he drank more than usual because suddenly there was twice as much in the fridge just for him. Now he's back down to 3/night. There have been two or three nights I was tempted but I asked myself what I would get out of it and couldn't come up with anything good so I didn't drink. ..A couple of weeks ago there was someone on r/SD who'd been sober for a number of years while their partner still drank. I can't recall if they said how much the partner drank.
Yes and it's hard.  Especially because he's a secret drinker now.  My sobriety is threatening to him so he went underground with it.  That has really fucked with my ability to trust him.  It's also just sad. I'm still trying to figure what to do about it.  Lots of people will tell you that living with a drinker is a surefire way to start drinking again.  I am clear and committed and know that my sobriety is not related to anyone else so I deal with it but because I am clear and committed and will put on my own oxygen mask first if *his* drinking **ever** threatens *my* sobriety I'm gone or he is.  Period.
My decision was for me.  I've been successful though she still drinks occasionally because it was always my thing.  A choice I made for myself because I can't handle it "normally".  
Sounds similar but our kids are grown.  While I have stopped quite a few times over the years she has never made 4 days I don't think.  Though she has been clearly shitfaced a few times since I quit I think she has toned it down a bit lately.  I did notice she is finishing up day 2 without a drink.  Very surprised if she goes past tomorrow.  Much like what u/possibilitatian2015 said having a drinker and lots of wine in the house has no bearing on my sobriety.  This was not always the case as this stint is different...I am hoping that at some point she may see how great I feel and give it a real try.  If she asked I would start her on This Naked Mind and of course SD.  I recently told her this is what I read each night when the TV is on.  Best of luck.
[removed]
