-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m3xco/it_gets_better_until_it_gets_worse_then_it_gets/

Throughout different stages of my sobriety I often asked myself "when does it get better?" I asked as if there was some secret miracle milestone that instantly removed all struggle from my life. I was so fixated on trying to figure out WHEN this moment would occur that I absolutely neglected the progress I made each day to get where I was. Don't waste your time wondering when it will get better and appreciate how it already has.  Things get better then they get worse until they get better again.  There is no absolute peace in this journey and that's okay. Because we're here capable as ever.
----------immediate responses--------

This is exactly how I would describe my journey too. It's better it's bad again then I look back and realize I was doing a lot better than I knew. 
This reminds me of an [image](https://i.imgur.com/UAJ2zjG.jpg) posted on reddit a few days back representing the trajectory of creating. 
Yes I can relate to this. I spent a lot of last year fantasizing about that "magical" one-year sober anniversary where I thought upon reaching it things would become easy because my sobriety was "official" and not just a phase. And lo and behold I've been having a tougher time than usual in the last month. However if there's one thing I've learned in the last year it's that these difficulties come and go. And if I ever need encouragement I just need to think back to when I was drinking and how crazy and chaotic things were for me. I feel like a completely different person now at least mentally. Thanks for posting this!
It's today.  I'm sober. It's already a better day than when I'm not.
SO true! There has been no "aha!" moment but a gradual progression of self-knowledge and increased satisfaction. And sucky days are still sucky days sober or no. But they definitely don't hang around as long anymore!
My internal dialogue goes something like this right now: "Holy crap I haven't had a drink in over a year but oh my god do I still have some major problems I need to work out but wow look at that a year's worth of progress but good lord I need to solve these issues."  
Check out The Obstacle is the Way or The Ego is the Enemy by Ryan Holiday or The Subtle Art of not giving a Fuck by Mark Manson. ..In essence life is a series of problems -- one after another-- Some are routine some are difficult. This continues until you die. The goal is to upgrade your problems and choose which ones you want to give a fuck about.
Man your post couldn't have come at a better time for me.  I was just starting to figure that out - but could not have expressed it as well as you did.  Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice! 
Thank you for this post. It is so important to not allow the fear worry and even longing of what's to come keep you from appreciating what is right now. I am in this moment and this moment is good. 
Thank you for this.  Last year my husband and I separated and I spent a lot of time wanting a drink wondering why I even bothered to be sober and lots of other self pitying thoughts.  I managed to stay sober and it was really really hard...But looking back it was worth it.  I needed sobriety the most then and even though I was in a lot of pain I behaved in a way I could be proud of.  None of that would've been possible drunk...You're right life isn't always perfect.  But as the saying goes there's no situation so bad drinking can't make it worse.
I lol'ed at your title...Whenever it's bad I'm like "I'm gonna die I can't handle this" and then afterward I always think "that wasn't so bad" and feel like I was being a drama queen...I'm going to try to force myself to remember that I'll feel okay again soon when I'm in those moments of despair. ..It's all undulations endlessly advancing all the time.
