-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m44uj/scary_very_scary/

I was in my AA meeting tonight and one guy was talking about how he relapsed after 18 years. 18 years. And it wasn't just a little one week bender. It was full on life destruction. That scared the crap out of me. ..What happens 18 years down the road when I'm 58 and i literally forget why I quit because I'm old and  it's been 18 freaking years and my memory sucks anyway. Cue panic attack. ..Omg. Today. Just for today. Narrow your focus chick. There's only one day you have to worry about. And that's this one. And today I will not drink. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed after over 10 years of sobriety.  The slope wasn't too slippery...at first.  But the last two years of my 6+ year relapse were pretty intense.  Now I've logged a year...one day at a time unfolding before me never too far ahead of myself and only looking back to see what there is to learn. Today I will not drink with you.
18 years ago I thought my age was old but I feel the same inside. I imagine it'll be the same in another 18 when I'm really old. Hopefully I can program my robot servants to remind me why I'm sober 
LOL - I AM 58 freaking years old.  Just figuring out that the last 3-4 years I've been sliding ever deeper into that bottomless pit.  I hope I make it 18 years because I'll probably be dead from old-age/heart attack/ runover by a bus / etc.    : )
My sponsor when I sobered up the first time 5 years ago relapsed after 23 years. He didn't stop the binge and committed suicide about a year ago. ..
I was going to be all "that's in the future focus on today et etc etc" but the truth is sometimes I also hear those stories and get scared. Terrified..I loooooove being sober let's both keep it up today! :)..
Yeah that pretty much sound like the christmas I just had. The christmas of nightmares. ..There is ALWAYS a possibility of a relapse like that if one thinks one can handle alcohol as an alcoholic nope and nope - alcoholics cannot handle alcohol not today not tomorrow - not in 18 years!..Reading your post is very sobering to me and I shall keep that in mind the next time I am considering a "relapse"...
I have told people le that I do plan on drinking and smoking again one day in the future. It will be when the doctor diagnoses me with a terminal illness. I'm grabbing a 6 pack and a carton of cigarettes on the way home from the appointment.  I'm 36 so that could be tomorrow or in 30 years. I think having that thought makes it easier for me to not drink right now.
