-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m4vws/im_doing_pretty_good_so_far_really_i_ambut/

One of the things that i've just identified that i struggle with is feeling overwhelmed inadequate or low self-confident about work meeting new people and going/doing new places and things. ..A  ways back ago my sober me used to do all kinds of stuff and not be afraid to try new things. but now that i have some sober time under my belt i'm realizing that the drunk me got stuck in a tar-pit-rut-of-a-hole and was barely functioning. I was a zombie: doing nothing; in the shadows of real life... Alcohol took away all my esteem and resilience. ..Did this happen to anyone else? Does the real me ever come back? (if that's the right way to put it.) I mean i'm kind of getting used to sobriety as being the new normal. but maybe i'm still a little 'green' or maybe raw because i still do have panic attacks. (all those things that were numbed by alcohol.) ..(Maybe I just need to get re-aquainted with being okay with being uncomfortable LOL)..Thank you for any tips my fellow sobernaughts.
----------immediate responses--------

I know exactly how you feel as this same thing has happened to me. I don't know the answer to that yet but I hope some people post with some tips. Sometimes I play music on my phone with 1 earbud in. It helps me out shopping at times. When I make myself go anyway. 
I don't have much advice but if it helps I know exactly how you feel. I have been missing drunk me because at least she had some (facade of) self confidence...I see we are at about the same place time-wise. Here's hoping it's just a phase! 
I never had high self confidence to begin with but I really relate to this. Sometimes I think at least when I was drinking that would give me a little courage in social situations. And I could chat up anyone with a couple drinks in me. I don't have much of an answer trying to build myself up is slow going. I kind of take a 'fake it till you make it' approach my positive thoughts and words have led me to be a more positive person in general. But I still have to really psych myself up for situations that are outside my norm. I wish it could be easier it's like trying to rebuild something using broken pieces sometimes.
I've recently made myself start running again. Id been work meetings kids. Repeat..Im enjoying life and am finally ready to inch out of my nest
