-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m70d1/26_days_without_a_drink_crippling_insomnia/

Hello everyone. Before I tell my story I want to thank everyone for contributing and sharing your journeys. It's good to know that no one is alone in this struggle...I never considered myself dependent on alcohol. I have been a binge drinker for the better part of my adult life probably starting at 18. I'm 27 approaching 28 soon. I've also suffered from anxiety since the age of 19 and even though I never purposely used alcohol to self medicate I recognized that the anxiety would vanish after a couple of drinks so it was a just a good feeling. All through college I would binge drink a considerable amount both alcohol and cigarettes just like everyone else I knew. During this time up until I was 23 I never seemed to have a problem with extended hangovers and withdrawals. It wasn't until I started working that the binge drinking caused my first visit to the ER on Feb. 5 2015. I had gone on a three night binge including more cigarettes and drinks I could count and woke up Monday morning feeling worse than ever before. I knew this wasn't a run of the mill hangover. That first night I had intense anxiety when trying to fall asleep. I was cold I would sweat and couldn't stop pacing around my apartment unable to recognize what was going on with me. After the third sleepless night I went back to my hometown and went to the ER. The attending doctor took mercy on me and gave me 100mg of Librium to sleep. That worked but the following days the anxiety came back. I can't quite remember how long it took to feel normal again but within a few weeks sleep had returned and my general outlook started to get better. I stopped drinking for six months following that experience; until August of 2015...That summer night I picked up my first beer in roughly 180 days. It felt good so I had a few more. The next morning I felt perfectly fine. From then on I continued to drink socially and go out with friends. I was having fun again and never experienced the withdrawal symptoms I had months earlier. I had cut out smoking entirely even to the point where I didn't crave a cigarette when drinking. And that continued for a while until August 2016 when I started to smoke when drinking again. Even with the reintroduction of nicotine I still continued to feel fine the mornings after. That is until 26 days ago. I went on another three night binge with the last night being the heaviest of them all since my tolerance was way up that night. I woke up Sunday morning with the same feelings I had in February of 2015 and didn't sleep a lick for two nights. On the third day I went to the ER but this time they didn't show the same mercy. I was put on a sodium chloride drip in case of dehydration and was told to speak to the hospital psychologist. I explained my story just as accurately as I have here and he told me that even though he didn't consider me to be completely dependent on alcohol I was going through minor withdrawal that didn't warrant any sedatives or further treatment. I still didn't sleep that night but I started to in the nights to follow. This time around I definitely had a stronger feeling of general anxiety; a burning sensation in my chest mostly. No full blown panic attacks. I was able to sleep for the most part. And up through Monday the day after New Years I thought I was doing well. But once Tuesday came the anxiety grew throughout the day at work and come nighttime the crippling anxiety and sweats were back. I haven't slept since once again. Is this a normal progression of things?..I have no intentions to drink. Considering this is the second time I've gone through this I know it's a poison I can never be friends with again and I'm okay with that. I've always considered myself weak-willed when it comes to those burning feelings of anxiety. In the heightened moments of it all it's difficult to believe these feeling will go away. Rationally I know they will. But the crippling insomnia makes it difficult to rationalize and accept the feelings...I'm reaching out for reassurance that everything will be okay and to seek the advice and opinions of those who have been through similar. I know so many of you have been through these feelings and your willingness to share your stories and help others is so appreciated by so many. Thank you all for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

After binge drinking for about a week in late August 2016 I obviously went through withdrawal (fever sweats shakes loss of appetite nausea vomiting bile diarrhea headaches body aches restlessness etc.) for approx. 4-6 days. Once the withdrawal symptoms subsided I had insomnia for nearly 3 weeks- basically all of September 2016. In order to combat it as opposed to laying there and trying to fall asleep I would just get out of my bed at 6AM and try to act normally as possible.  Eventually I began to fall asleep at normal hours. Eventually.....Good luck and it was a pleasure to read your story. 
You could try a magnesium supplement like Natural Calm in the evenings to help you fall asleep. It'll also replenish some electrolytes helping with hydration...I'm also a fan of Doc Parsley's Sleep Remedy which is magnesium/vitamin D/melatonin though it's far more expensive than Natural Calm.
I didn't drink daily (I just can't stop once I've started) so I doubt I was going through withdrawal but I have been suffering from insomnia as well. I feel very tired but not sleepy. This is unusual for me and although it's awful I am positive it will pass. 
