-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m79ph/cannot_keep_it_in_my_home/

So I received a bottle of wine on New Years as a gift from someone unaware of my sobriety. At first I thought I shouldn't accept it but then I didn't want to be rude. Ideally I should have immediately re-gifted it to a neighbour or dumped it right down the sink. But I heard a voice...oh that familiar voice.....Alcoholic brain of mine: "No You know what? Ill accept it. Its not like I'm going to be tempted to drink it. I'm strong. I'll have it in my cabinet in case I ever have guests over who would drink a glass of red. That's what most people are able to do so why on earth wouldn't I be able to? It's not fair. I'm not gonna drink it or anything. It will almost be like a test. And then when I pass that test which I will.of course it will be a sense of accomplishment and will tell me that alcohol doesn't run my life and I can totally have it in my home without drinking the entire thing"..So the day after rolls around and I wake up sober and so excited that there was still a full bottle of red in my own home that I didn't touch! It's sad to say but it was like this precious jewel. I was happy it was there but I didn't want to admit why...Later in the day.. it's still there! Oh wow.. this is great. But I start to scare myself a bit and wonder... what am I really excited about? Is it that fact that I didn't drink it? Or the fact that I had alcohol available to me at arms length for the moment my brain caves and wants to numb some thoughts. For the moment that I start to try and rationalize why I should just drink it.... this is becoming a struggle....But I make it through another day.....And I wake up still sober. Wow I feel powerful! This is great. I'll go make my morning tea. I find myself looking over my shoulder. Is it still there? Yup you're good. But wait. Why am I so obsessed. Maybe this isn't a good idea? ..Alcoholic brain "of course it's a good idea! You're putting yourself though the ultimate test! Don't rid of it.. just leave it be"..And then it happened. Last night. Something upset me. Something minor but that's all it took. ..Alcoholic brain: "ya'know what would fix these anxious negative feelings? Ya. That bottle. It will make you feel loose. You can pour it in a glass sip it. Be normal. This anxiety will go away with the first sip. You don't need to drink the whole bottle. But if you do? Who cares. Haven't you earned it? You kept it this long without drinking it. Doesn't that count for anything?"..That was it. I had decided. No going back. ..Bottle wasn't twist off. Shit ok where's the cork screw. Find a crappy one- only one I could find. Let's do this. Twisting through the cork now.. trying to pull it out. It's not budging. This stupid cork screw never did work properly. My hearts pumping. Adrenaline rushing. I remove the screw and try again. Super stubborn. Cork mess everywhere and I'm getting upset. I'm on the floor now on my knees trying to get this stupid cork out of the bottle. I notice something in the distance that breaks my concentration for a brief moment. ..A reflection. ..A reflection of myself. How sad. The entire past few days rushed through my head for the reality that it truly was. I wasn't strong for keeping that bottle. Strong would have been getting rid of it right away. I knew deep down the second I accepted it and kept it that I was going to end up drinking it. All of those justifications were BS. I needed to see through it all and my reflection painted that picture pretty clear:..I am an alcoholic. Everyday will be a struggle to some degree but keeping alcohol in my home is NOT something that I am able to do and that is OK. I'm ok with that. I understand that... How quickly I spiralled into that person prying to open a bottle on the bare floor. Had I opened it who knows what would have happened but guess what? I didn't. That bottle is no longer in my home and I feel free. My thoughts do not deceive themselves and the only thing I am debating about opening is that bag of popcorn to go with my movie. ..Stay sober friends. It's truly a struggle but if I can do it so can you. This sub has helped me tremendously. Sober me is the real me and that's the me I want to be.....
----------immediate responses--------

Very vivid description of what probably goes on in our heads. That inner dialog that takes place ready to derail our hard work. Thanks for sharing and glad you only had a shitty corkscrew on hand. 
One day at the time. Stay sober. Stay strong. I will not drink with you today. 
[removed]
I can't either. Very well done on playing the tape forward.
I can't keep it in my house either. I can relate to the "it's not fair" part - I think that all the time before reminding myself that's just the way it is or me.
I find it a big help to keep alchohol out of the house. Good luck!
Wow I needed to read this today. Just this morning I dumped a 1/2 full bottle of bourbon that I had been "saving for cooking" or telling myself that my husband would drink. Decided my cooking was fine without it and that neither me or my husband need it. I have 4-5 bottles of cheap wine in the laundry room. Can't really give them away cause they are worth less than $2 a bottle; who would want it? And if I really believe what I do about alcohol I don't really want to give them away to anyone. Thinking about just throwing them in the garbage.
&gt; Sober me is the real me and that's the me I want to be...Beautiful I am going to hang onto this 
I can't do it either. Thanks for sharing. One day at a time.
My brother made some infused vodka as a Christmas gift (vodka is my drink of choice). I left it at my parents' house because I know if I have vodka in the house I WILL drink it. I can control myself around some alcohol but not that. Gotta set yourself up for success. We have enough temptations and we don't need to give ourselves more! 
Awesome story. So realistic and something I've been through before. I'm glad the corkscrew gave you a chance to stop. I've had a few moments recently where I thought "I should stop and grab a 24oz can and drink it just to show myself I can do that and be normal"...I haven't caved yet!
How do I tell people that liquor is not a gift I want without being a jerk? As a struggling quitter I am sort of a jerk anyway so I need some outside perspective.
Thank you for sharing. You presented a very powerful image...Congratulations for staying strong. You have helped me today.
What an image. How we deceive ourselves! Thank you for sharing and congratulations on acting once you got perspective.
Its insane how one thought can contaminate our rationalizations. It gets in and we are up for a fight. You won that fight big time that cork screw didnt have a chance. I try to catch this type of sobotage  at least I'm on to it. But you just gotta be ready . You did so great!! I say zero alcohol in my home!
OMG!  Similar experience just this morning!  I have been keeping a few Vicodin pain killers in my travel kit.  (Ok it's 3.5 - and it's technically 2 Vicodin and 1.5 Percocet - not like I've been looking at them or anything)...I don't have chronic pain.  I have no need for anything like that.  I have Ibuprofen for fark's sake.  But I knew that drunk me really enjoyed mixing pain killers with a few drinks.  Anyway I was clearly keeping these around as some sort of way to get fucked up without technically drinking.  And it would inevitably lead to alcohol because once I am inebriated on *anything* I will get booze in the picture. ..I focused on the stupid pills for about 25 minutes this morning.  Then realized that in itself is not normal.  So I flushed them the moment I left the house.
People bought expensive beer to our house on New Year's Eve. Anyway a few bottles have just been sitting on the counter since then. I'll get rid of them tonight but in the meantime I've been boggling that my husband is just letting them sit there all warm and getting manky near the stove. Uncared for! At the same time uncared for unopened craft beer is definitely a new look for our counter.
I love this.  This mind talk is so familiar I hate getting gifts of alcohol and it happens so often!  So glad that cork didn't come out.  It's not funny but you made me laugh and we gotta laugh.
Respect!
That has definitely been me before. Stay strong!
This is so beautifully written. This is the type of post I keep coming to this subreddit for.  It brought me RIGHT BACK to when I was active in my alcoholism...Even now I do not keep alcohol in my home. It's just so much damn easier without it there.
