-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5maveb/had_a_terrible_relapse_dream_today/

It wasn't the usual crazy dream with random celebrities involved. Unless you count eating hot wings with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. ..The scariest part was the end. I was desperately trying to wake up and thought I did but I woke up in the shower wasted face down and drowning. Something so simple so single faceted and terrifying. I tried so desperately to get up but I was so drunk in my dream that I couldn't so I just laid there and died...After that I did wake up. But it kinda showed me it doesn't take much for everything to go wrong. My whole mindset has shifted today. All the cravings I've had lately have just washed down the drain so to speak. ..I will not drink with you guys today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow crazy! Sorry for the awful dream but glad that it strengthened your resolve in a fresh way. 
damn thats rough! I had my first sober drunk dream last night-- I was in a bar and i was sloppy drunk falling down crying to my ex about how i was always to drunk to be present..... actual nightmare! I was sooo relieved to wake up and realize it wasnt real that i wasnt drunk or hungover! glad to not be awake and sober with you today!
I get drinking dreams about once a week. The ones that disturb me most are the ones in which I drink and than go on as if nothing happened lying about and hiding the fact that I had drank...I find sharing about drinking (or drugging) dreams soon after helps me get them out of my head...Thanks for the post! 
I had drinking dream last night too...It was weird because I didn't actually drink in the dream but instead it was more like a while after I drank.  I kept thinking about having to reset my badge here after 50 days and I was so upset...thankfully it was just a dream!
I had the same dream last night after 6 days sober. I woke up full of shame but relieved it was just a dream. I will not drink with you all today.
I also had a drunk dream last night except I hadn't actually drank anything I just had all my usual side effects most notably confusion and a blackout of memory. It was an awful feeling and I was VERY grateful to wake up sober this morning. 
Been having dreams lately too...wake up so disappointed in myself for caving in only to realize I didn't.  Crazy mind games...
