-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mckpx/anxiety/

Hi I've been struggling with anxiety and intrusive thoughts - it's horrible I had been masking it with alcohol I've stopped drinking and today the thoughts are particularly bad I wonder if anyone else had this and whether you came out the other side and it got better? Thanks and I'm not drinking today 
----------immediate responses--------

Yesterday I was a total mess but today I'm feeling pretty good and I'm thinking that tomorrow I might feel even better. ..I get anxious and panicky but the drinking isn't going to fix that. I'm going to go and see my doctor early next week and start fixing the problem instead of just numbing it. ..Hang in there I won't drink with you today.
I hear you. My anxiety comes and goes and I try to remember that just like cravings it will pass. I also found when I was drinking heavily that my anxiety was exacerbated by alcohol. So at least these "dry" waves of anxiety are just a thing that I've got to get through and I take comfort in knowing that drinking won't make me feel any better in the long run...I find exercise helps a lot of the time. Talking to your GP is a great place to start discovering the tools that will help you...Hang in there buddy. I won't drink you today   
Cheer bud yes all that helps doing all those things aside from I need to rejoin a gym thanks for the support
my anxiety is a fraction of what it was when i was drinking. ..give it some time. exercise is super helpful. 
In my experience anxiety and intrusive thoughts are a symptom of alcohol withdrawal. .. In my case I drank frequently enough that my waking hours were basically a constant withdrawal that lasted until I drank again...
Any better since being sober?
That's positive thank you 
It generally does. Alcohol wears down the impulse control sections of your brain which makes stopping intrusive thoughts or impulses like drinking more difficult. After a while those connections will rebound and although your anxiety may not go away it will be a bit easier to acknowledge an anxious thought and set it aside and to not drink. ..For me it really started coming together around three to four weeks after I stopped it got way easier to say no to both. Anxiety still is there but I'm a lot better at saying "That's an anxious thought and it's unproductive. I'm going to set it aside and move forward." ..That all being said this is completely anecdotal and I'm not a doctor.
I really appreciate the response mate helps a lot although it's good it's "good" to know I'm not the only one going through it and there is light at the end of the tunnel thank you!
i still struggle with anxiety panic attacks and depression. since i stopped using booze to manage it/them it is more tolerable. the "lows" are not as low as when i was hitting whiskey the anxiety dissipates faster and all of it feels more survivable. that is only from stopping drinking and (for me) attending 12 step meetings. that makes me feel that the booze was making things worse yet i started using to deal with this. i am 9 months into the experiment but i see no compelling reason to go back to drinking. .i will not  drink with you today and wish you the best on your journey. 
Thank you so much for this comment it is very useful and I will refer back to lt in days to come when I am low thank you and bet of luck 
