-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mh443/190_days_sober_and_yet_i_feel_no_sense_of/

I am a recovering alcoholic. Whenever I'm at a group or in a meeting I always make sure to stress the RECOVERING part of that statement. Today marks 190 days sober. I know I should feel some sense of accomplishment but I don't. My everyday struggles with anxiety/depression as well as undiagnosed PTSD are mentally and physically exhausting. Sprinkle some mild ADD on top of that and you've got a strange and incoherent mess of a human. ..In addition to all of my mental stuff I'm locked in a custody battle with my son's mother. She's using every little legal magic to prevent my immediate family and myself from seeing my boy. It hurts so bad. I don't want to "take him away" from his mother no matter what she thinks. I want the opposite. I simply want to be a healthy and positive influence in his life. I have held my son once and I'd give anything to hold him again. But because the legal side drags its feet it's going to be a long time before I get to do that again. ..I know that what I'm doing right now will make things easier down the road for both myself and my son. I just about can't handle how painful all of this is. The maliciousness and cruelty of my son's mother towards my family and I is ripping me apart. What do I do? I know that to drink or use is not the answer but damn it all if it isn't tempting. A picture of a beautiful baby boy and a desire to steer him away from the path my life has taken is all that's keeping me going right now. I'm sorry for wasting your time but I had to get this out somewhere. Thank you for reading. And I will try NOT to have a drink with you tonight. ..TL;DR: I am struggling with the urge to slip after 190 days sober. The main trigger for this is the legal custody brawl over my rights to see my newborn son. 
----------immediate responses--------

this isn't a waste of time. i'm glad you're here. i'm sorry you're having such a hard time. i've seen it said many times around these parts and it's true: there's nothing here that would be made *better* by drinking--only worse. ..stay strong. 190 days is HUGE and you're doing a great job. i will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for your support. I'm currently sitting with one of my feline supporters right now and he's really prefers me being sober. 
Hi! I'm /u/idodrunkthings. But I am also the child of an alcoholic father that went through something very similar to you. My mother and father were in a custody battle for the majority of me and my brothers lives. His main trigger was also the legal battle that was brewing between him and my Mom. He drank for the remainder of our adolescence and put us through the ringer. To be honest the custody battle was bad but his alcoholism was the most wounding aspect of our childhood. By the way he got custody of me because I wanted to live with him but he lost it once he began to spiral downhill. Trust me when I say if he got sober when I was a new born it would have made our lives so much easier. Like infinitely easier. You are doing a wonderful thing...You said you already realize it but I just want to reaffirm it. Your sobriety is the best gift you can give your son. No birthday or christmas present that you could buy for him could touch it. I'm sorry that you are going through a rough time I've seen how difficult custody battles can be. You're doing great. On behalf of your newborn son I gotta say thank you. I wish my father did the same. 
Glad you are here brother.  Whether or not you feel proud of 190 doesn't diminish the fact that you've done it...You will get to see your son and your son wants you to be sober.  I won't drink with you today.
Honest truth what improves your chances of holding your son sooner?  Drinking or not drinking?
Dude.  (yes I'm from CA)  This is the stuff real life is made of.  As I had to explain to my mom when she was all like SO PROUD of all that I've accomplished with this - there's no time for me to be proud and rest on the laurels of some number of days sober.  I keep climbing - one foot in front of the other one day at a time.  It's never over until they put me in my grave - hopefully with a 0.0 BAC.
