-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mioor/sober_8_months_and_really_struggling_tonight_sd_i/

I want to drink for the first time since getting sober last June. 2 weeks ago I lost my job. I'd been sick for a week and unfortunately I was out of sick time. I was contagious so I couldn't come in. Anyway I was let go when I came back. Then I amazingly got a new job that I was LOVING and thought things were going great!!! However after a week the temp agency informed me (after I had left on a very positive note that work day) that I was not needed st that assignment anymore. It was supposed to be temp to hire. I am stunned. I can't not have a job. My husband and I make decent money together but I have to work...I have been sober for going on 8 months now. This is the first time I've really really wanted to get wasted. I've been terrified until now. Thankfully I live in Alabama where we are currently all snowed in and my husband doesn't drink either so there's never any alcohol. I'm just really down and there's nothing I can do about getting a job until Monday. I don't want to wallow in this all week though. ..I guess I just need some encouragement. I'm in full out panic attack mode and I hate that.    ..You guys are always so encouraging so before I even called my sponsor I started writing this post. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry I didn't see your post earlier. I hope you got through ok. Glad there's no alcohol in the house. I'm sorry all this has happened to you - it sounds really rough. You're doing great...doing so well. Hang in there my friend. By now I hope you're asleep and tomorrow will be a much better day...Best of luck - Talie
I'm sorry to hear you've been going through a bit of a rough patch. Losing a job absolutely sucks. You are so much more then your job however and being clean and sober is an awesome way to approach the hunt for a new one. 
Thank you so much!!! I'm trying to have a positive attitude. I've applied for about 15 jobs today and 10 yesterday.  Today has been better no cravings ... just panic attacks but I hope they'll get better 
