-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mk4tc/sober_mornings_so_much_better_than_drunken_nights/

I'll take this wonderful sober morning any day over horrible tiring drama-filled drunken nights. Coffee and a clear head is sooooo worth the struggle. Oh yeah and my little circle 3. Woop woop!..Just feeling grateful and wanted to express. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I am just relaxing in bed reading SD on my phone getting ready to make some coffee... Play some video games. (I'm a big kid) just totally relaxed. It's a good feeling. 
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Happy sober Saturday. I won't drink with you today. 
That's a lovely little circle you have. Congratulations! Waking up sober is just bizarre. I'm so buzzed on one cup of green tea. I've already laundered bed linens polished my toaster and gave one of my dogs a Don King doo. You can really accomplish a lot when you're not drinking!
I told myself last night "tomorrow is Saturday I can sleep in!" but I hardly ever want or feel the need to sleep in anymore. I'm up &amp; at em early every morning! Congrats on 21 days and enjoy your weekend :-)
Sober mornings are the best. I actually get a ton of stuff done instead of laying in bed nursing a hangover. Go figure!
This has been my thing. I've transitioned myself into a morning person. Not a single morning have I regretted not drinking. I love my early and relaxing mornings.
Count me in for sober mornings.
Agreed! It's nice to wake up &amp; not worry about the night before..I also love that I don't need to have my weekend revolve around drinking and recovery from too much drinking! So many more interesting things to do out there. Have a great sober weekend my friends! 
Its so relaxing to wake up sober on a Saturday without any rush and just sit with a cup of coffee and read the news on my phone while the family is still asleep and everything is completely quiet. 
I spent last night hanging out with a good friend who had already had a couple drinks before he came to my house. We went out to eat he had another drink came back to my house and had a few more. We were up til about 3am. I had a great time lots of laughs and all without alcohol and here I am at 8:30am ready to enjoy the day. Just a month ago I would have probably lapped him in drinking and then been here awake but absolutely terrified of the day ahead hoping I could eventually recover but more than likely turning to a few drinks by midday just to feel normal again. It's a beautiful gift to have a sober mind and be at full strength.
This is exactly why I'm stopping. ..Mornings where you don't have to slowly open your eyes and wait for the hurt. I can now do little things like go eat breakfast in the kitchen with my family go for a walk before work and take my daughter to school. Rather than standing in front of a mirror feeling like shit with a bottle of headache medicine and a glass of water I've realized what I should have been doing. I will not drink with you today!
This is exactly why I'm stopping. ..Mornings where you don't have to slowly open your eyes and wait for the hurt. I can now do little things like go eat breakfast in the kitchen with my family go for a walk before work and take my daughter to school. Rather than standing in front of a mirror feeling like shit with a bottle of headache medicine and a glass of water I've realized what I should have been doing. I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on 3 weeks! This will be my first totally sober weekend in a while and I am loving the feeling of waking up feeling like a human. :)
Haha I thought the exact same thing last night. I'll sleep in. Well I was the first one up in the house. I love sober mornings. I won't drink with you today.
It's posts like this that help me reprogram my subconscious. For years I've really believed that drinking is the best way to have fun and that waking up a little slow from the alcohol was like a badge of honor. But it's not. Waking up refreshed and not poisoned (even if I never drank that much) is the best way to start the day!! Thanks for this!
I am fond of saying that I've never woken up sober thinking "Damn I wish I was hungover as **** right now!!"..Going to bed is a GREAT last resort in the effort to avoid drinking at night. Works everytime for me.  
Thanks everyone for the kind words and encouragement. I'm now snowed into which is kind of a trigger so all of these positive affirmations are helping. :)
Clarity is what it's all about for me. Waking up and not having to sort through the "wtf?!?" Brain fog is glorious! Enjoy your snow day. 
I got to the point where I thought everyone just felt like absolute shit every morning. Morning = hangover. So nice to be able to wake up and get stuff done work out make it to work on time not scroll through my phone to see who I called/texted etc. 
Congrats on 3 weeks! This is my first Sober Saturday morning in well over 2 years. I was up much earlier and felt great! I will not drink with you today!
discounting the costs incurred from a night of drinking - when I would binge drink I never reasoned with myself (and I think this is the case for a lot of people that binge drink) that 4-5 hours of mindless shenanigans was not at all worth the costs (the hangover lack of productivity the regret damage to my liver and all of the money I spent to be miserable). When I stopped drinking it didn't take very long for me to realize what a waste it had all been. ..It never feels good knowing my friends are out having a good time without me. If I'm having a lonely weekend night I remind myself of the values I've grown to believe in over the past year and that the lifestyle my old friends are living is in direct competition with the life that I want to live. Knowing what I value and staying true to those beliefs has given me a sort of internal solidarity maybe better described as an "identity". To me it's eerie that for all those years that I was drunk I never even thought about things like identity or values but just kinda floated through life without purpose or reason to grow or get better. ..Anyways it feels great to be sober and I wish the best to all of you and your efforts. I will not drink today!
it feels so good to reap the rewards of good decisions!
I'm not going to drink with you today chopsalot!
Getting up to go to the gym without a hangover is the best. So much better than hanging out in bed all damn day with a queasy stomach and raging headache!
Morning-Me is so grateful that Night-Me does not drink! I've actually started writing down happy thoughts feelings observations during the day about why I feel so good what I've done/felt/experienced that I wouldn't have had I drank the night before. I flip back through my little notebook and read them at night when that urge to drink gets strong. Then I think of all the things I want to do tomorrow and it really helps me focus on why not drinking is so much more desirable.  ..Here's to another night of not drinking!
Waking up sober this week has been eye opening.... God how did I wake up feeling sick every. single. day. and continue to function?
Day 3 here. Having coffee reading the news and about to go for a run. ..I wanted to go out last night but stayed in and read. No regrets this morning. 
Congrats I felt the same way this morning I'm sure it only gets better! I will not drink with you today.
Yes.   Sober mornings are the best thing so far and a huge motivator for me when a craving hits early evening. Sure beats the hell out of waking up with anxiety nausea and panic over location of phone / keys / wallet / cash....ughhh.  Taking this sober Sat night into a peaceful Sunday morning. ..Congrats on 21 days! 
