-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mmsxc/im_new_here_help/

First off thank every single person here for providing a place like this for people like me.  I've struggled with alcohol for 12 years now.  I don't drink every day but my alcoholism is cyclical.  I'll binge on a 5th a day for a few days go through hell sobering up for work/obligations and be content being sober for a few days.  It seems that by day 2 or 3 of me feeling like a real person again this tidal wave of anxiety crashes over me.  It feels like my mind is going a million miles an hour and alcohol is the easiest way for me to stop it.  I've experimented with other depressant-type substances (prescription but not my prescription) and while they do work I'm scared they'll kill me within a month of regular use.  Anybody else feel this way?  Anybody else found a way to manage?  I don't really know what I'm looking for but I feel very lost and nothing I have tried has worked long term.  
----------immediate responses--------

I would certainly speak to a Medical Doctor first. Then I personally use this sub as my life raft when feeling down or craving. There is always someone here to talk me off the ledge. There are other means to sobriety like AA Smart... a personal Therapist. And many others I a probably not mentioning. Everyone's journey is different. But you are certainly taking a step forward by making this post. Good Luck I am rooting for you.
I was honest with a doctor about how much I was drinking so a detox assessment could be made. It sounds like you are experiencing alcohol withdrawal. I was given medication which made detox safer and easier. 
Welcome.  ..I can't offer any medical advice. I will say that after a couple of months off the sauce that my depression and anxiety has greatly reduced.  I also found that switching from regular to good quality decaf helped my anxiety more than I expected.  I drink a lot of coffee...How's the not drinking going?  Keep us posted and please ask questions when you have them.
I spoke to a counselor.  She recommended meetings.  I went and got support from people who understood got tools resources and fellowship in a support network and I've not looked back!
Wow thanks everyone.  I think I'm going to try all of that.  I hadn't really ever considered there could be a link between caffeine and alcohol.  I usually drink several cups of coffee a day and I'm a bit of a snob about what kinds.  I'm going to find a good decaf to switch to and see how that works.  Again thanks.  This has meant a lot.
