-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mmwpu/this_relapse_shook_me_to_the_core/

I'm just coming out of a two month relapse after a year sober. The last drinking episode resulted in a two and a half day hangover missed work and embarrassment. For the first time in my life (27F) I'm realizing that this could actually kill me. I'm reading This Naked Mind for the first time this week and spending the day relaxing and cooking dinner tonight at my partner's place.  This fear is putting a new powerful spin on my drive to fight for my sobriety.  This community has been a huge help but I'm still working up the courage to attend my first meeting. So grateful for today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're with us!  You never have to feel like that again.  I will not drink with you today.
Glad you're back!  It was so hard to go to my first meeting.  I was ashamed and scared.  I did my best impersonation of a wallflower; I think I literally sat on my hands and stared at the floor.  ...But each time since then it has gotten easier and easier.  I think meetings give me courage -- courage to keep declining offers to drink courage to talk with other alcoholics courage to keep making the changes that I need to make.  ...Best wishes to you on your sober journey!
Welcome back! Not drinking with you today :)
2016 was the year I actively attempted to quit. I relapsed 3 different times but in b/w those lapses went 30 days 60 days etc. sober. On New Years Ever my father (whose 30+ years sober) explained the following to me and I hope it helps you...Paraphrasing he explained to me that 2016 was my 1st year that I attempted to quit drinking and it didn't go perfectly. He explained that it was okay. He explained that I am attempting to quit something that I've relied on for over a decade for everything whether it be celebrations/failures/love/heartbreaks/stress/loss/etc. B/C of that he explained that it will take time and he wasn't disappointed nor did he judge me. He basically explained that relapses are okay so long as they're just lapses and you hold on to the inevitable ultimate goal of quitting for good...Keep your head you have my support and as another Reddit Subscriber put it: never quit quitting. ..Much love. 
Good job getting back on the horse!  What do you think lead to your relapse and what would you have done differently in hindsight?  Asking for myself as well as you.  :)  Congratulations on your 4 days I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on staying sober today!..You indicate that you are afraid that drinking will kill you which I find to be a *healthy* fear.  You also indicate that you are afraid to go to a meeting which is an *unhealthy* fear...Your "healthy" side wants to get sober.  It's your *disease*- your *unhealthy* side- that wants you to keep drinking...THATS the part of you that is afraid to go to a meeting.  It's NOT freightgal9- it's freightgal9's disease that is scared...Let me tell you some of the things that you will find at a meeting...Warmth.  Understanding.  Unconditional Love.  Laughter.  Awesome New Friends.  Wisdom.  ..Freedom...That doesn't sound so scary does it?  ..So go.  Introduce yourself.  Just say where you are at- that you had a year sober are just off a relapse and are attendening your first meeting.  Then listen.  ..You can do it.  I believe in you.  Stay engaged with us take this one day at a time and have a Serene Evening freightgal9..
