-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mpl0o/need_a_badge_reset_last_night_i_had_a_slip/

So we are human I literally would have had 10 months tomorrow and I really had the case of the f-it's. Very stressful week. I do have people around me to be accountable. ..I can't be drunk or be hung over when I work. Friday the stress from being a new teacher having to lay down the law in my classes PMS week (though the one week to have my PMS week she's a b!tch and those poor kids). Made a kid cry yesterday other teacher says they do it all the time I wasn't putting up with the sh!t tried to test me and I was all no go sit in the quiet area until you can figure it out and something to the effect of "I will eat you alive child". I want to encourage the kids but my voice is almost gone. My head hurts. ..I woke up today talked to my roommate she was encouraging my boyfriend is a former addictions counselor (case worker) and it's his birthday today my good friend in Cali talked to me last night and told me to throw out the beer...Honestly I still don't regret it. I wanted a beer a microcraft beer tasted great went home with a 32 ounce can had like maybe a few sips went to bed had the spins woke up all off went back into the kitchen where the can was and couldn't even stand the smell dumped the rest put it in the recycle bin went and got a bunch of Gatorade. On top of the paycheck I was expecting more money and stressed out since my roommate has been working with me on rent since I just started working and then she was hit with both of our bathrooms and plumbing issues I cried a lot over lunch got clarification from payroll. Still sucked. ..Chill night tonight with boyfriend (it's his birthday) got through my surveys from some of my classes to assess their interests and wants/needs for learning when I woke up. ..Doing some major reflection. I will not drink tonight. I will not drink tomorrow. Slip up not a relapse. I'm human and have had built some amazing coping skills and for my sobriety many things have been blessed to me I need to remember this. Tomorrow would have been 300 days. I was so close to a year. It is what it is. ..But I am surrounded by friends and family that are supportive and I have to keep sober. I don't take my meds when I drink I can't take my meds when I drink I put a depressant into my body I'm a depressed person so my sobriety is more important. But yesterday after school all I could think about was a brewery and a patio and had the case of the f-its. So back on the wagon and not a full relapse. ..Got too much stuff to be on my A game and can't be hung over with children that make noise and headaches from drinking. So onto my next chapter again. 
----------immediate responses--------

You should be proud of yourself. I broke at the 10 month mark last year with the bright idea that I could moderate and that quickly turned to copious amounts of Vodka a day to the point of health concerns. I had to shut that shit down. (any walking dead fans here?) I learned a valuable lesson. I can not moderate and I am an idiot to think I could. Good luck and know you are strong. (stronger than I was) 
Good job getting back on the wagon and not letting your slip up become a full relapse...I had a slip up. I took it as a sign that I needed to get my shit together and double down on my efforts to stay sober. I'm still not sure exactly what I need to do but I'm confident that I'm on the right path again...Good luck stay safe and I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for your accountability post. We're all human and that means not perfect. You should be so proud of your sober time! It sounds like you've learned a lot about yourself and alcohol. It's posts like yours that keep me going. I will not drink with you today!
