-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mrq2q/deciding_if_i_should_reset_my_badge_and_possibly/

So as of right now I am struggling with the idea of whether or not I should be resetting my badge. ..Because on one hand it's been a full week since I drank on New Years Eve. I know it's not the biggest accomplishment in the world but I am very proud of that fact. I can't remember the last time that I actually went a full week without a drink. It's probably been around a decade since then and it feels great to know that the first week is accomplished. It was a big milestone for me...But at the same time I find myself disappointed with myself. I am someone that has smoked pot for longer than I have drank. It's been something that I've not really had any issues controlling for a long time so I didn't particularly feel like it was something that I was looking to quit when I decided I was going to stop drinking (though I had toyed around with the idea). I hadn't smoked since New Years but it not intentional...Last night my brother who lives over a thousand miles across the country visited. He and I have a long history of drinking whenever we hang out and I was up front with him beforehand that I would not be drinking (also turned down the offer for a drink or two earlier in the evening). I followed through on this decision so on the alcohol front I was good...We DID end up smoking a little though. And the entire time I was feeling the effects I didn't enjoy it because the whole time I couldn't shake the feeling that I felt very disappointed in myself. Despite never having told myself that I was going to give up smoking I felt as though I allowed myself to use a mind altering substance and that the decision was contrary to my new life style...I am trying to use it as a learning experience. It made realize that if I'm going to bother with cutting out drinking and live the way I want to live it involves more than just cutting alcohol out of my life. It also involves deciding to embrace sobriety fully - I think I am ready to do that. I don't think I feel as guilty as I would have had I decided to drink last night but I still feel like I let myself down. ..I am really wrestling with the idea with whether or not I should be resetting my badge - I didn't touch a drop of alcohol and I really wanted to be able to say that 2017 was the year that I gave up drinking entirely. It's dumb but something just feels *significant* to have started on New Years and I don't want to give up that day as my starting point unless I actually relapsed. But I also don't want to lie to myself and keep a badge that is disingenuous to the values of this sub. I am still new to this sub and still learning the etiquette but I guess I am wondering if the people here think I should reset? 
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience I found it best to resolve all mental leaps/reasonings/rationale by looking up definitions in the dictionary. It's not the easy way for me but it did provide me with some honesty as I was getting sober. As for this sub it is dedicated to "drinking". Many here will feel one way or the other about the green stuff everyone has their own opinion. Either way I will be here to support you whether it's day 1 or day 7. 
I've never smoked pot but I say no.  I do not believe that pot has the same emotional and physical power to utterly destroy a human being and everything he ever cared about.  I think if you don't drink alcohol you get to keep your SD badge.  If you want to reset you Quit-MJ badge (probably there's no such thing :) go over there and knock yourself out!
It's your call. This sub is after all r/stopdrinking. There's another for pot r/leaves. Regardless of your choice I think your head is in the right place and you're ready to make some difficult changes. Good for you! I'll not drink with you today!
From the FAQ:..&gt;[Your badge is yours and yours alone. You are entitled to use it however you see fit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_badges_.28reddit_flair.29_.26amp.3B_bells)
as someone who drank and smoked (a lot) for 30 years i can honestly say pot has never been a problem for me. ..except that it makes me introspective to the point of nutty. which is why i have chosen to eschew it at this point. ..i have found that i honestly enjoy just being normal. listening to my body these days has been a huge breakthrough in my fitness and health. ..
I also have smoked pot longer than I drank.  I'm not someone who believes that pot is 100% innocent and beneficial.  I know people who definitely have issues with pot -- you know the guy who wants to just keep smoking and smoking even though he isn't getting any higher...I also know people who have had to give up pot to stay sober.  Even now when I am not drinking my pot smoking habits really haven't changed.  But I tend to be a "maybe a bowl a day" smoker and some days not at all.  If I find myself turning to it excessively like as an alcohol replacement I will probably quit but I don't see my use as problematic right now.
you are so on the right track mentally. I would not reset. You are doing what you set out to do with alcohol. Congrats and good luck!
It's your badge!  Do with it as you will!..As already noted this is "stop drinking" sub...I however similar to you like being Unimpaired...Congrats on your week!  That was a big accomplishment for me!
You've totally succeeded for one week on the drink - congrats. On the other make the start time when you're ready. Keep them separate on paper - but as you say overall sobriety being your unified life theme. Your friend was there and you did it spontaneously and that's ok! It got you thinking toward a bigger picture which I think overshadows any 'guilt'. :) 
I used to feel the same way.  These days I don't beat myself up over it when I do smoke.  At the end of the day if I don't drink it's still a win but that's what works for me.  Your sobriety date is your business.  I don't think a reset is needed but that's just my opinion.  It think either way you're still in good standing with me.  Hope this helps. 
