-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mstnj/202/

202 days!?! It's hard to believe I'm past the halfway point towards my first year without alcohol. I wish I had some sage advice to pass down to the newcomers. Sadly all I've got are the same words you've probably seen here a dozen times. But these are my words. I fought hard to earn each one of them and if they can help even a single person that makes them worth sharing in my book...It feels like just yesterday I woke up from a night I barely remembered with the worst hangover I've ever had. I'd been struggling with alcohol for years but I never wanted to admit it. I mean I had a job a home and no DUIs to my name. That meant I couldn't be an alcoholic right? But the last night I drank brought the harsh truth to light. I had a drinking problem and I couldn't ignore it anymore...Fast forward 202 days past the cravings and bitchiness and wanting to crawl in a hole and never come out. I used the daily check-in and read SD frequently in my weakest moments. I started reading This Naked Mind and seeing a therapist for the first time in my adult life. I'm not traditionally religious so AA didn't appeal to me as a recovery strategy but I always knew it was an option if things ever got too hard. I got to this point in my rumless adventure by taking advantage of the resources available and listening to my gut when it came to finding what works best for me...So much has changed in my life since I made the choice to quit drinking. I've started kickboxing taken up piano again and I'm finally making a real commitment to my creative side. It's much easier to wake up a half hour earlier each day to write when I'm not hungover with a throbbing head and achy muscles. Instead of feeling like I'm constantly going nowhere and need to drink to cover my shame I'm finally taking steps towards the life I want for myself...Taking it one day at a time is still something I rely on not in the sense that my cravings are so strong I need to anymore but more from just trying not to worry about what might happen tomorrow. There will be things I can control and things I can't. The trick for me is acknowledging this then identifying which is which. With drinking I tried moderation gave myself all kinds of rules yet continually lost control of my drinking and broke them. I've learned that what I can control is just not drinking at all and it's made a huge difference for me....I thought I was finding myself when I turned 18 and moved away from home. That's got nothing on the self discovery I've started experiencing the past 202 days. Somehow better things just started happening and the scary thing is it almost doesn't feel like work anymore. I'm just on a different path in life although always quietly reminding myself to never quit quitting. I've welcomed so many positive people and experiences into my life and it's all because I've stopped wasting so much energy chasing that elusive perfect buzz that only existed in my lizard brain's sneaky suggestions. .Sure it's not all sunshines and rainbows. I have good days and ultimate crappy bubkis days when it takes all my strength to curl up under the covers with some consoling chocolate. I've got a lot about myself to work on still. But now I'm working on it instead of getting down about all my failings and trying to drink my blues away which also usually failed and left me even more depressed plus hungover...To everyone starting out it does getting easier and it is no doubt beyond question worth it. To my SD family thank you for being here. I couldn't have made it here without all the support and knowledge I found in your posts and comments. Can't wait to tip my cherry coke zero with ya in another 163 days :)
----------immediate responses--------

You are an inspiration! Keep it going 
Awesome!!..And a beautiful Palindrome to go along with it!!
&gt;all I've got are the same words you've probably seen here a dozen times. But these are my words. ..That makes all the difference. I have years of faulty programming to overwrite and reading each person's story is important inspiration for me. I value seeing all the commonality the different nuances and the variety of approaches...&gt;I'm just on a different path in life..Great to hear how you are doing along that path for the past 202 days. I'm so grateful for the day I chose to take a new path - it's not always easy but it's definitely worth it...Thank you for being an inspiration your share has filled me with joy :)
Your post is wonderful!  Congratulations on 202 Days and many other awesome achievements! :)
Thank you so much for your post. You have helped me today. Ahhh experiencing the sunshine of life sober rather than the darkness of an alcohol ridden life. I won't drink with you today. 
Thank you so much for sharing my story is much like yours and this is very inspiring.  I look forward to being where you are I'm 1/3 of the way there.  :)  Congratulations on your 202 days!
Happy day 202! Very inspiring. :-)
I am at 203 days! I relate to so much of what you've posted. Raising my la croix to you. :) Here's to the journey. 
Awesome! .
