-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mulr2/these_past_few_days_have_been_the_hardest_by_far/

All I can do is go back and forth between feeling neutral and wanting to break out sobbing. I'm not sure why but these past few days have been the hardest out of all of them. I didn't think that my cravings would still be so bad or that my emotions would be this intense and out of whack...I was so close to relapse yesterday and today. I'm all over the place. Everything that I could be doing to occupy my time just makes me angry and nothing seems interesting. All I've been able to think about for the past few hours especially is using. I took a shower tried to write tried to read etc. but nothing is making it go away. I wish I could just go to sleep...It's very hard to stay sober when I have very few friends way too much free time and no way to get around (I don't drive). ..I'm not going to use drugs/alcohol tonight...that's what's important...it's just so. fucking. hard...Thanks for being there guys. I hope you all are having an easier time than I am. Much love <3
----------immediate responses--------

We're here for you!..Congratulations on your 30 days!  Awesome!..I know for me in the early going meetings helped me significantly with the wide emotional swings and swirling thought processes.
I'm having this HUGE wave of stuff coming over me right now.  I have no idea why.  Do you?..Is this some sort of stage or hazing that we have to go through.  I am not liking it not one bit jit or jot.  I am not...Hope you (we all) clear the hurdle.  It'd be a total shame to go back now.
I basically wrote the same post a few hours ago. I've been feeling the same way the past few days as well. And I had my largest cravings/closest calls last night being around booze. ..I'm frustrated and upset as well. I can't tell if I'm grieving losing my "friend" alcohol or just pissed I can't cover up these emotions by going out and drinking a bunch of craft brew. I have a feeling these emotions have been stuffed far down within me for years and they are coming on strong now because I'm sober and staying present to the oncoming waves of them...I just did an 1.5 hrs of yoga and am feeling way better...I have been reading that this phase will all pass. Stay strong and try to keep active. 
I feel you. You're not alone! I live in a city that is known for being cold. I made some friends but most drink like fish. I am in a program that has me alone most of the time too. ..Just know that nothing stays the same...things change...especially our emotions and moods. .I will not drink with you today!.
I know the feeling I cried all last night for no reason and it's really tough because I am alone Monday-Friday so I have no one to keep me honest... just myself and that hasn't worked before for me obviously ... here's hoping this time is different for all of us!!!!
