-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mv8nc/just_another_1_week_post/

But this is HUGE for me. A whole week! My mind is clearer than it has been in a couple of years! I like not drinking! Of course my alcoholic brain has told me otherwise repeatedly over this past week and I'm struggling with the typical first week sober issues BUT I did it! This Subreddit and all of you have played a key role this week and I thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!! That IS huge!
Congrats!      
Yay!!! Congratulations! That's wonderful : ) I will not drink with you today.
You are rocking it!  Glad to celebrate this day with you.
Awesome! Congrats!
Congrats! Keep it rolling!
Nice work! I'm a day behind you.
Woot woot - You did it!  Now keep it going :-)
Congrats.  Go get another... week.
First week is a really big deal. Congrats!
7 days is such a great feeling! Congratulations!
Congratulations! I'm right there with you and agree a sober week is amazing! On to week two! You got this! 
Yay! Congrats! I am one day behind you.
Keep up the good work! Second week is easier when you know you have a week behind you!!!
Congrats!
Congrats! I'm right there with you at a week and I will not drink with you today!
Great work!  
Well Done on the week 8 Day buddy :)
Just another 1 week post??  No your post is another cause for celebration.  Well done visualise that little bastard with 7 daggers sticking out of it and keep reminding yourself how much worse your life would be had you not stopped.  I'm with you all the way!!
You made it though the weekend.   Did better than me. 
hey congrats! today is my one week alcohol free...and i know there are a few others who hit one week sober today. well done one and all...and thanks to this group for the support...see you all tomorrow. :) 
Congrats!! I am on 8 days! It feels amazing! have a fab day!
from a 1 weeker to another I know how big this is for you! well done!
No such thing as "just another." Congratulations.  You're doing awesome.
This isn't "just another" post at all! I'm excited for you--congrats!
