-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mvr7x/they_were_right/

...those old-timers in the rooms who say "it just keeps getting better"......I look at my life now and I think "how can it POSSIBLY get better?!" When I was drinking three things were important to me: my bed my bottle and my work (so I could afford to get back to my bed and my bottle). I drank around the clock a gallon of whisky a day every day for years. I've been told it's medically impossible to consume the amounts I used to. I have  the receipts to prove otherwise...When I got sober I took my time getting my life back...I appreciated things like making a cup of tea or doing laundry & not being fucked up. Slowly I added rock climbing with a group of sober climbers and long solo rides on my bike growing a vegetable garden and freelance writing again. Freelancing again was hard because it's what started the round the clock drinking...When it's just you and your laptop all day every day that whisky going down just gets easier and easier...I got my driver's license back and took over the care and maintenance of my home when my roommate/landlord moved out of state. I went on a road trip 900 miles from home with one of my climbing partners over Thanksgiving break. On the way back we stayed with his sister and had a proper Southwestern Thanksgiving. The following spring would find us climbing Kingfisher Tower in Utah. ..I do AA. I have a home group and a service position and a sponsor and sponsees and I do service in the broader AA community where I reside. I have a wonderful group of friends and an amazing fellowship and people I can call anytime of the day or night if I need help. Or if I don't. I found this sub recently and I love it. The community here is amazing too...I didn't date for the first year and a half and right when my sponsor was telling me I should start thinking about dating I started conversing again with a man I've been crazy about for years who I dated off and on while I was drinking. We went to lunch a lot and dinner a few times and then spent Labor Day weekend together. He lives 30 miles away from me and recently bought a second car so I can drive out to see him. (License notwithstanding I work for a small local nonprofit and my salary doesn't quite cover the cost of owning a car.) Driving that car back following him home from the dealer lot I was immersed in the thought that 'this is only all happening because I'm sober'. We've been together four months now; he's a normie who is deeply respectful of my sobriety and my favorite person to spend time with. He has a teenage daughter I love dearly. ..The three things that were important to me have become a million and more are added every day. I gave up one and my life has blossomed unimaginably...I wake up every day filled with gratitude for my sober life. I haven't done it perfectly -nobody does and as a friend in the rooms reminds me there aren't any gold stars for not relapsing- but I've done it long enough now to see that they were all right all those old-timers who've been around forever. It just keeps getting better and better.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on all the hard work you've put in to get your life back. I spent so many years telling myself that life was incomplete that the moment needed something extra: alcohol. Now the simplest things like the taste of a good cup of tea or the a bird's song seem miraculous to me because I am experiencing them with an uncluttered and undistracted mind. It's as if the world is welcoming me back. 
congrats!..it's amazing right?
Thank you I needed your post today. 
You got it sister.  Congratulations on finding happiness! 
This is beautiful.
