-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mvvem/4_days_in_and_i_cant_go_back_time_for_change/

I've been struggling with my drinking pretty badly for the last 2.5 years. I had a sting in rehab in 2015 and only stayed sober for 2 months after. Since then I've continued to drink on and off. But man when I drink - I DRINK - usually 2 pints or an entire liter of liquor. ..I've gained tons of weight stopped taking care of myself became utterly depressed went from a social person to someone who rarely leaves the house. ..I am a smart pretty outgoing and fun person - and alcohol has ruined all that for me. Every stupid thing I've done over the last few years is related to this crap. ..So 4 days ago I had my last drink. I'm still terribly sad about even with the knowledge that it's the WORST thing for me. But as we all know it was an escape. ..I've made a commitment to not drinking 2 days ago started a healthy diet and taking better care of myself. ..This is not going to be easy - it's going to be HARD. but I know intellectually the rewards of coming back from all alcohol has taken from me will be worth it. ..So thanks for listening :) I look forward to getting to know everyone here on this journey and hope everyone is doing the best they can in theirs...
----------immediate responses--------

I still feel a little sad about quitting sometimes. Mostly when I think about future plans that I would be drinking with friends and how it might feel weird to be the only non drinking person. But those feelings are being replaced by something that's kind of new for me pride. For the first time in a long time I'm proud of myself. The reasons to not drink far far outweigh the reasons to drink. Just know that you can do this and you will be proud of yourself. 
I feel you. And I understand how hard quitting seems because I was telling myself how hard it was going to be 46 days ago. But I was wrong. Quitting is easy compared to how fucking hard life as a heavy drinker is. No more paranoid depressed hangovers. No more constant worry about my health. About people finding out about my drinking. No more stressing my girlfriend out. No more spending money I don't have on alcohol worrying about getting pulled over waking up with mysterious bruises. And all I have to do is nothing whenever I feel like drinking. Don't buy it don't pick it up don't put it to your lips. Which is harder? Living as a heavy drinker? Or quitting? For me quitting is way easier than the life I was living.
I am in the same boat as you it makes me sad that it's been 8 months that i am in a different country than my native one (internship) and I barely visited the only time I did was with my parents when they came here in vacation...I actually was sober for 3 months recently but since December I fell back and I feel ashamed everytime now I also want to stop though the real challenge will come the next week end like everytime at least I no longer drink in week days (it was the case before)...Good luck to you!..
