-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n0a66/how_it_feels_to_plan_your_relapse/

I've done a few 'periods of sobriety' over the last year and a half I know what it feels like to plan your relapse and I think that's what's happening to me now. I'm getting to that dangerous point where I rationalize why I want to do it/why it would be okay I'm evening out the pros & cons etc. My sobriety always gives way to relapse which cycles me back into sobriety. ..I don't really know what to do. No one can make this decision but me and advice can only help so much. I think my problem might be that I am white knuckling/being a 'dry drunk' without knowing it. I know that I should try to get out more or throw myself into some hobbies but I'm seasonally depressed and unmotivated to do anything after work. I'm not really sure where I go from here. ..I feel like I'm being 'left out' of the social scene. I'm shy and introverted when sober and I just don't see a night life for myself that doesn't involve casually drinking. I think I'm romanticizing the 'good times' and yearning for that. ANY ADVICE IS APPRECIATED. Literally anything you've got! I'm at 120 days my longest period in the past was 59-60 days so this is big for me. I haven't really been telling as many people this time around but I'm personally proud of my number. I made it through Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas AND New Year's Eve .. so why is this all the sudden hitting me so *hard*?
----------immediate responses--------

Why did you decide to get sober in the first place? I wrote down a pretty comprehensive list in early sobriety that I used as a tool to remind myself of how bad things got. Looking back on my "social life" as a drinker that was a very sad fake me showing up to events. I've found a sober group of friends who value me even if I'm feeling shy or awkward. 120 days is really amazing I hope you decide not to drink. I will not drink with you today if it makes you feel any better!
Have you tried any kind of group meeting? Being in regular contact in real life with people who know what it's like to be me made all the difference in my case. There are lots of options: AA SMART SOS Refuge Recovery. Help is always there if I am willing to reach out for it. 
I'm not you so I can't say what effect it will have on you or how sure you are about yourself. I personally have drank 3 times in 2 years and will never drink heavy again because it takes so long to sort things out again. I never put myself in a box of never drinking again because to me milestones have no effect for me and I know my mentality and perspective will not let me ever get in that pattern again.  I know I can go a few months have a few drinks and have a limit then forget about drinking for another long while I did it 3 times and each time was easier. I don't even know when my next one will be and I don't really care because drinking has become such a non thought for me in terms of wanting to do it.  Time passing and knowing I don't have any guilt of something terrible from drinking like a maniac motivates me more than anything can motivate me. That combined with being able to think better. I don't have to prove anything to anyone I just do it because I want to and I live how I want to. So I guess I would say ask yourself how important every part of the situation how important is milestones do you trust yourself what are possible consequences do you feel like your life will improve if you do. Think about everything and do what you want. If you are worried about anything I would say definitely don't do it because you don't want a possible bad situation I think is a good assumption. You definitely have to figure out some stuff to do in your life too it sounds like so think about that alot and then decide what will make your life better going forward.
The thing that stopped me from planning my relapse (and believe me I was thinking about it) was reading **This Naked Mind**. It changed the game for me and helped explain why moderation doesn't work for me. I highly recommend it.  120 days was a rough time for me too.    ..Seasonal depression sucks. I'm a long-time sufferer too. I invested in a full spectrum light. I exercise with it on first thing in the morning and meditate in front of it as frequently as I can manage.  Cutting the booze helped a lot too though.  ..Hang in there.  It does get better and easier.  I will not drink with you today.
FWIW the only major cravings I had this time came right around 120 days.  Hang in there.
I think you've answered some of your own questions. You said you were having some depression not picking up any hobbies and worried about social situations. ..I think making some new friends that you don't have to drink with could help? And trying out a new hobby or two. ..Keeping myself busy keeps my mind off a drink. 
I fell into the trap of trying moderation at around the 120 day mark last year.  Didn't work for long so here I am again!  I'm reading Netflixing knitting - it's cold and there's a LOT of snow outside so I'm totally unmotivated to go out.
i had a crazy white knuckle period at about six months. quite a few days in a row of crazy making bullshit thoughts and feeling like shit. ..it was also the last time mercury was in retrograde (as it is right now). ..self care is key. good food. plenty of sleep. exercise if you can. ..there is a reason why you stopped again. don't ruin your streak. take care. 
I feel you. I'm only at ~3 weeks myself and I feel the same way. I'm the quiet introverted type that came out of my shell when I drank. I'm still trying to figure out how to have a social life now that I'm sober because my only ideas involve drinking. I even broke up with my girlfriend over the weekend for mostly unrelated things but that lost me my one social cornerstone who knew what I'm going through. ..So i guess I don't have any advice except to say you're not alone. I will not drink with you today!
Have you thought about doing a fitness class in the evenings? Maybe extra dopamine will help with the shorter days &amp; you won't be in a drinking environment there? ..
