-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n5hh8/i_want_to_be_happy_but_i_dont_think_that_i/

So I have 57 days. It doesn't feel like some big accomplishment since I've gone longer in the past. My resolve for sobriety was firmly in place so this time around I didn't really fear relapse because I know that I am so absolutely done with booze. Also I'm pregnant and found out at 30 days so it hasn't been hard staying sober. The hard part is reconciling the fact that I'm bringing another child into the world and I feel like I am completely unprepared in every possible way and part of me feels like a terrible person that I let this happen so recently after getting sober. I mean I was considering an inpatient facility only 57 days ago and I have a young son. I feel guilty like I don't deserve this baby. How dare I bring another child into the world under the care of a person like me? We are poor like seriously poor. We have no savings. I'm a student I just signed up for another semester. My SO is working 2 jobs and we are so behind on bills. Our son is on the spectrum and we are doing our best but somedays I feel so unfit so under educated. If I was smarter or we were well off I could get him all of the support he needs. I do my best we have IEP's DDD he goes to a developmental pre-k and I'm getting him involved in a SARC research program where he will receive more services but I feel like I have failed him somedays. If I feel unfit now how can I bring another child into our mess? What kind of person does that? And yet I am happy that I'm having another baby. We wanted another baby just not now. I have so much fear and shame still inside me and I worry that I am making the wrong choice. I feel guilty being happy when we are so not ready for this.  I haven't told my mom because she saw first hand the wreck that I was only 57 days ago and it hurts my heart that her first reaction is going to be one of concern rather than happiness. I haven't posted in a while and I think now I know why. As I sit writing this I have to think about some hard truths and I am sobbing. I don't want my pregnancy to be shrouded in my alcoholic guilt and right now I feel like it is. I don't feel proud of my 57 days. I feel like a failure. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not a failure. You deserve to be happy and healthy every one does and that does not exclude you regardless of your circumstances! It's a basic human right and it's yours to have. Be proud of your 57! You are changing your life and that doesn't come easy or quickly or painlessly.  Be well and be kind to yourself :)
Wow. These are really difficult things to be feeling and going through. I wish I knew the right words to comfort you. But I do know this 57 days is not a failure it is a major accomplishment. If you are an alcoholic like me 1 day is a major accomplishment. Every day that you stay sober is a gift to your baby your son your husband and most of all to yourself. If you can't be proud of yourself right now know that there are strangers on the internet that are proud of you and rooting for you!
I can't address everything you wrote but wanted to say that there are kids with all the money and resources in the world and they are not happy. What your children need is you and you are giving them the best possible version of yourself by staying sober. This is truly a gift and I hope that eventually you can feel proud of it despite mistakes in the past. .....I know that feeling of inadequacy; I feel it every day with my kids (one child in particular). In some ways parenting a difficult child can be similar to sobriety in that all we can do is take it one day at a time. I tend to get caught up in the hopelessness of the future and get depressed. One thing that has really helped me is reading parenting books. I've bought several (and also used the library)that address the issues I am dealing with and chip away here and there. It helps me feel a little more empowered as I gain tools from each one. .....Not drinking with you today!!
When I got sober one of the big things I had to do is to put 'deserve' out of the picture.  I had to stop thinking in terms of whether I 'ought' to get something or 'guilt' at past misdeeds or 'deserving' of happiness...I just worked as hard as I could at putting one foot in front of the other and dealing with what came my way with as much grace and fortitude as I could muster...I had to stop judging myself according to some arbitrary standard and measuring myself short...My discovery was that whether I 'deserved' it or not whether I 'ought to' or not there were moments of happiness in my life and if I focused on them they magnified and expanded.  If I focused on the misery and doubt they too magnified and expanded...Today I don't question whether I 'deserve' happiness I simply accept it and treasure the good moments.  And when the clouds cover the sun and I have moments of confusion I accept that too and try not to dwell on them too much...I'm human I make mistakes.  And I am not all-powerful and cannot control the dynamics of the universe and things come my way for which I am not prepared.  But taking the 'ought' out of the equation of thinking that I 'deserve' either happiness or shame has made dealing with life's ups and downs a lot easier.  It just comes...At 57 seven days you have every 'right' to feel apprehensive.  but it is not a requirement.
That's your conscious mind talking. Alcohol is ingrained into our subconscious. When both come into conflict it's impossible to think your way into happiness. For me using positive affirmations didn't work. Saying "I'm happy" over and over never helped. Instead ask Why do I deserve to be happy? 
You're doing your best. You're facing your challenges. I know it's hard to believe sometimes but we all deserve self compassion if not happiness. I will not drink with you today. 
You are not a failure. You are dealing with a tough reality during a vulnerable time. What is making it even tougher for you is the fact that your wily alcoholic mind doesn't want you to recognize that you *are* actually moving forward and combatting your addiction. What helps me (I have the same mind) is pretending I am a character in a book. If I read about a character who's facing down financial fear and shame but who has remained sober for 57 days I'd think she was inspiring. Which you are. Please don't believe the lies your mind tells you! Best of luck and love. xx
I just recently found this subreddit and haven't been seriously going for the full on "stop drinking" mentality but I definitely have cut down thanks to the help from my girlfriend and the wonderful support she's given me...One thing though that's going to take time is building that trust up with family people who maybe in the past you've told you'd change but maybe said it because you thought that's what they wanted to hear.  Maybe approach your mother with explaining how well you've been doing and a bit of a game plan on how you're going to stick to sobriety- then tell her the news?..What do I know though just my thoughts.
Money often makes things easier and less stressful but it can never buy true care love and commitment from parents. So many people who grew up with money had a miserable childhood and lasting effects because of how their parents treated them either neglecting them abusing them etc. It sounds like you're doing not only your best but really well for your family. ..No matter what you deserve to be happy.
I grew up dirt poor as the second child my mom couldn't afford (also an accident) and I was very happy. There were shitty times sure but a lot of it was great. I can tell you a lot of that was knowing how much our mom loved us. The worst poverty was when I was youngest (and you notice it the least then) and my mom eventually was able to get better work and give us a little more...I had a great professor when I was doing my undergrad in Psychology who was also a long-time therapist. He had told us about something he said to someone who was considering suicide (and he admitted it sounded corny to him before but not so much in the session) and was bereft of hope. Basically he told them they sounded hopeless but that he had hope for them and he asked them to borrow it for a little while until they could find their own again- or something along those lines. ..What I'm trying to say is if you don't feel proud right now you should know that there are people in awe of you. I can't imagine taking on what you are and getting sober at once. If you feel ashamed know that there are people here who would be so proud to have accomplished a small part of what you have. If you don't believe in yourself there is a whole community of people here who **do** believe you can do it. Good luck. ..And man that did sound corny but it just kind of breaks my heart thinking of someone taking all that on and feeling like a failure. You definitely aren't.
I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who took a moment to encourage me. You are all amazing for taking a moment to lift a total stranger up at one of her lowest points. Thank you. Staying sober not giving up. 
