-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n5mnq/any_nonaa_posters_here_with_over_23_years_of/

I'm just curious if there are any people here with a few years of sobriety (ie > 2 but < 10) who are not in AA. ..Do you still call/conceive of yourself as an "alcoholic" or "addict?" Do you feel at risk of relapse? Do you avoid trace alcohol (ie kombucha) and/or maintain a fully "dry" home or avoid bars "wet" social engagements? ..Just curious. TIA...On Edit: Just to clarify I am curious because the people I know who are non-AA members who've been sober for awhile seem to have a fairly different attitude than those I know who have a good block of sober time but are in AA. I wonder how this plays out beyond my circle of friends and acquaintances...On Edit #2: Did *not* mean to imply *anything* about AA in my question. Apologies for any offense or misunderstanding!
----------immediate responses--------

I don't go to AA anymore. I would be cautious to paint every single AA member with a broad brush. 
* I don't much care for labels I don't tend to use the term alcoholic. I much prefer AUD (Alcohol Use Disorder) but rarely use that either. I recognised alcohol was a problem for me and my solution was to stop drinking. I had a physical and psychological dependence on alcohol and I have chosen to remain abstinent from that substance and behavior. I believe that returning to drinking would land me back where I left off sooner or later..* I think my risk of relapse is very low (it was higher in my early months as I was in two minds and my coping skills were less developed). I've fully accepted sober is by far the best way for me to remain. I am free no longer imprisoned. I don't think relapse is likely I see it as a choice and my mind is made up I don't plan on changing my mind for any reason. I'll remain vigilant but it should be a no-brainer decision for me: I get alcohol or everything else that matters not both..*  Early on I dabbled with trace alcohol in foods but it interfered with my peace of mind so I am hard line on anything containing alcohol. For me it keeps it easy clear and gives me beyter peace of mind..* My home has never been dry..* I don't frequent drinking-focused socials but I'm happy to walk to a local pub with my spouse and enjoy a pot of chamomile I'll also attend events where alcohol is served provided the focus is on something else.
I'm coming up on 3 years next month and have never worked an active AA program. In the beginning I did outpatient rehab then I had an AA meeting I went to once a week but I didn't have a sponsor or work the steps. I haven't been to a meeting in probably a year...To your questions: Yes I am an alcoholic. I won't say I never feel at risk of relapse but it's like 99% of the time that I feel untouchable. I avoid most trace alcohol (and specifically kombucha because of it) but I will bake with it in the form of vanilla and on the rare occasion that I'm out to a sit-down dinner I don't balk at ordering a dish with a white wine/lemon/butter sauce. (I know that not all of the alcohol cooks out...this isn't the place for that discussion)...My SO drinks and we nearly always have some form of alcoholic beverage in the house. I am at bars and "wet" social engagements more than anyone you'll hear suggest any sober alcoholic should be. This is not me bragging I assure you. I recognize that I am fortunate that I can be around a ton of alcohol and remain sober. I would never recommend it to anyone trying to remain sober but I'm not really here to give advice and I want to honestly answer your questions. As time passes I find it less and less worth it to be in the same environment as alcohol and the people consuming large quantities of it...An AA "program" isn't what got me here but make no mistake that intensive outpatient therapy was a fully-functioning program. Individual and group therapy regular drug screens education...I was not without a large group of people working to a similar end.
Never went to AA am almost 6 years sober. I think of myself as a non-practicing alcoholic. Very aware that relapse is always around the corner but I can avoid it by not having the first drink. I don't avoid trace alcohol unless I'm aware of it or can smell it. 
AA was never my program of choice. ..I go to 12 step meetings occasionally and identify myself as "in recovery." I sometimes joke about being an alcoholic or addict and they can be useful labels at times...There are times I'm at risk of relapsing. Most of the time I'm not. I've developed skills tools and satisfaction with my life. Why fuck it up? (The long-term rates of relapse in addicts are similar to the long-term failure to comply with treatment in diabetics or heart patients. People don't like to change.)..I don't like kombucha. I like greek food and my favorite restaurant uses wine in almost all the sauces. I've decided that I don't like the way I feel after eating there whether it's the alcohol from the sauces or my thoughts about the alcohol in the sauces...My home was dry for a while. It's not but my wife isn't a big drinker and is willing to hide her wines bottles when I ask...I avoided bars for a while. I was never in that scene so rarely go someplace just to watch folks drink. There is always dinner or an event. My friends now know to get me a ginger beer or soda when they order for the group.
A bit over five years here I have read a lot of AA material lurked online and read "the big book" a few times but have never gone to a real life meeting. I have also read a lot of SMART material and dabbled in therapy. I continue to read recovery books and remain active in the reddit recovery subs. I consider diet and exercise very important to my sobriety and try  to eat well and cycle a lot. Music helps a lot too...I feel at very low risk to relapse these days but I am not complacent about it. I rarely go to bars or hang with drunk people it is just not fun for me now. I am older and drank a long while before this run of sobriety so I think that looking at it as  last chance to do it right helps a lot. I would consider myself an alcoholic though it sounds better if I say that I have addiction issues. That doesn't matter much as I am only completely open with those closest to me. 
Howdy.  Never went to any sort of meeting.  I would still call my self an alcoholic - I don't really feel at risk though it is still ahrd to imageine NEVER having another drink.  I do NOT avoid trace alcohol that seems stange to me.  I have alc. in the house and go to places with alchhol no problem.
I do consider myself an "addict" but alcohol isn't the only thing I've had issues with.  I don't feel at risk of a relapse because I know why I quit and what alcohol can lead to with me.  I was never a daily drinker more of a when I drink I drink way past when I should.   I don't avoid trace amounts because for me it is the intoxication I need to avoid not necessarily the alcohol itself.  ..As for dry home and avoiding wet occasions the people around me usually have alcohol of their own but I just treat it like I would if they had meat around (I'm a vegetarian).  Oddly I hated bars when I drank because drunk me couldn't handle the loud dark places.  Sober me actually quite likes bars and other "wet" social settings.  I can still hang out with my friends but I don't have to wake up the next morning worried that I made an ass of myself.  
I'm just over 2 years sober. Never been to AA. I went to a couple of meetings in SMART about two years ago though. It was fine but not something I wanted to continue...I don't like the label 'alcoholic' so I don't identify as one. I've stopped smoking as well and I don't label my self a 'smokeaholic' or whatever. If anything I'm a non-smoker and a non-drinker. ..The thing is I don't want to drink anymore. And I don't want to see myself as being in recovery the rest of my life. I want to live a normal life where drinking is a non-issue. Im still working on this obviously after all I still spent time reading this now and then...I have alcohol in my home. My girlfriend drinks occasionally. I don't drink. What others do is their business. I don't 'avoid' bars I can go there if I want to but I get so bored those places now so I don't really go there often anymore. Maybe once or twice a year if there is a very special occasion. I do think it can be important to stay out of those places as much as possible for some people especially in the early days...It took me about a year to get to this place where I really don't want to drink and party anymore. My life is so much better now and I don't want to waste anymore time in bars and night clubs.
I've never been to an AA meeting and I just celebrated 10 months this past weekend...1. I do not identify as an alcoholic. I do admit that I have a problematic relationship with alcohol...2. We are all at risk of relapsing at any moment. Sobriety gets easier over time but it never gets less important. ..3. I don't keep any alcohol in my apartment (I live alone). I make my own kombucha. The trace amount of alcohol doesn't bother me because I don't associate drinking kombucha with getting drunk. Non-alcoholic beer on the other has scares the shit out of me. I will never touch the stuff because I'm too afraid that I'd jump right back into the real stuff which was my drink of choice...4. I don't avoid "wet" social engagements but I do decide on attending them or not on a case-by-case basis. I don't go to bars anymore because they're boring...Hope this helps! There are plenty of options aside from AA. I go to LifeRing.
I have removed your post.  We ask that posts be about your experience (speaking from the I) not surveys.  If you fit your own profile please write about that and see how people respond.  Thanks.
I'm at 15 months don't use AA I go to Refuge Recovery meetings. We are not required to label ourselves with anything other than our first names when we share. I do consider myself an alcoholic but I am also much more than that. I don't avoid trace alcohol we use cooking wine in a few recipes and that's the only alcohol in my house. I don't avoid wet social engagements but I don't hang around bars because it's just boring. 
Over 4 years here. I don't go to AA meetings. I still consider myself an alcoholic because I know if I started drinking again I would quickly find myself consumed with it. I think I will always be at some risk of relapse. I very rarely think about getting drunk anymore though. I have gone to bars a few times but I don't really care for it. Drunk people are boring to me. I do not avoid trace alcohol. 
I stopped just over three years ago. In my first month I went to three or four AA meetings and read the big book but that's it. Since then I've read SD a lot and found talking openly to friends family and colleagues to be very therapeutic...I don't think of myself as an "alcoholic" or "addict" but as someone who's better off without alcohol. No I don't feel at risk of relapse   I never feel tempted. ..I avoid drinks with any level of alcohol in them but I do use soy sauce vanilla essence etc in cooking. My wife still drinks occasionally so there's some booze in the house...I still go to things like weddings or gigs in bars but I don't enjoy going to boozy company parties or things like that any more.
