-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ncd9y/11_days_sober/

Hey guysnew here :) so for the month of January I've decided to go dry because I felt that alcohol was starting to really affect my depression and I was hoping to feel a little lighter by eliminating this toxin from my body. I dont think I have an extreme problem I would maybe have 2 glasses of wine 1 or 2 nights a week the weekend would then occasionally be more. I went and still am struggling with a BU and it has definitely worsened my depression. Anyways my question is since I stopped drinking I have been sleeping a lotttttt i have absolutely no energy to do anything it's really hard to get up in the morning and go to the gym. I work really late (9pm) and stand all day and at the end of the day I just fall into bed. I wake up in the mornings and feel hungover yesterday I even had extreme anxiety. .I drink a lot of water and tea I'm starting to cut coffee out as well..I know it's still early on I guess I'm just looking for advice from anyone who has gone through the same thing. Are there certain foods I should be eating? Should I sleep only 6 hours? I just feel lost and want a clear head again. I hope this posts make sense thank you in advance for any advice :) ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know that drinking heavily will deplete vitamin B levels so I would recommend taking vitamin B daily on top of a healthy diet. I also take vitamin d3 since it's winter and to help with seasonal disorder and because a lot of people are low on it anyways. ...As far as food I would just recommend a healthy balanced diet. If you have a slow cooker make some meals in that so you can have food ready and warm whenever you are hungry. 
My sleep was all over the map for the first two weeks.  Slept 10+ hours some days - 5 on others.  Things pretty stable now.
Hi 11 day twin! I was also sleeping a lot at first. I had to get up early for work the last few days but I plan to sleep as much as possible this weekend. Lots of r&amp;r during these first few weeks then I'll get active again. 
