-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ncfuv/i_joined_a_book_club_and_why_that_matters/

So while many things in my life have improved since I stopped drinking my social life has taken a nose dive. I found that alcohol was what made me love people made me social instead of shy funny instead of quiet... Honestly I wish I could say I realize now that I'm better sober but in this respect I feel like I've lost my ability to socialize. I don't especially like people when I'm sober and I don't like having to train across the city to go meet someone especially if I'm anxious about it...which I usually am. So I've been keeping to myself a lot not just for the 47 days I have sober but months and months before that when I was mostly sober with periods of relapse. And now I basically have no friends am too busy between school and work to really invest the time and effort and I'm scared. .So getting to the point I decided to join a book club. That way there's purpose for going even if I don't like anyone...and there's a good chance I'll meet some interesting people that I can talk about books with :) After all now that I'm not drinking I have all this time for new hobbies...like reading. I'd rather fill my mind with beauty and adventure than fill my body with poison. ..Anyone have any stories about ways you learned to socialize again after sobriety? ..Thanks for reading! I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm new here but am finding that my 'best chums' are really drinking buddies and I'm not missing them so far because I'm not missing the drink! I've started exercising and spending time with my wife and daughter who is 16 so I only have 18 months left with her before she moves to University overseas from our current home so I want to cherish every moment with then which I think is different from your situation but the point is sobriety is giving me time back for high quality real relationships and I'm sure yours will come. 
I started running. Running led to events joining a club doing parkruns going to the gym and meeting people at classes...I went to meetup groups for coffee and met some lovely people there...I went to events and marches that mattered to me...I also met my lovely partner during my last long sober period. No doubt she wouldn't have looked twice at me had I have been the drunken asshole I was before whose sole hobby would have been a reply of 'drinking wine'. We are a year together next month  :)..Amazing how much more time you have not drinking/dying of a hangover every day. Enjoy the bookclub I would love to join one myself but settle for an online one as short on time at present.
Hi there I used meetup.com. Perhaps have a look and see what you think. Congratulations on your 48 days let there be many more. Best wishes :-)
