-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nfz6s/finally_talked_to_my_dad/

For background.... my dad has long been a drinking buddy many drunken escapades have been had together... because of scheduling we haven't done formal Christmas yet he's coming over and bringing my grandmother... usually when he comes he brings a bunch of alcohol and we booze all day and night... ..Since my grandmother is coming and I didn't really want to have the awkward conversation that I won't be drinking in front of her I called him and beat around the bush a little before finally coming clean that I'm an alcoholic I have trouble controlling my consumption and the path I've been on the past several years is only going to cost me the things I hold most dear...I think I expected a very negative response... the all too common "you're not an alcoholic" or "just stick to beer" but he was actually very sympathetic he told me he was very proud that I came to the realization this soon in my life and that he wishes he had gotten control over his drinking a long time ago he feels its cost him lots of opportunities in his career at least one job and who knows what else. He said he's struggling to temper his consumption as well but has been successful on cutting out weekdays. He said he'd probably just have a glass of wine maybe two (lol I know) this weekend but he was there to support me anyway I need it. Having the support and him saying he was proud of me for getting sober felt really good.
----------immediate responses--------

That is awesome you could talk with him and he was able to receive your important message. ..I won't drink with you today. 
Good! Glad you were able to talk with him.
That is fantastic.  I am envious. 
Brave...Congrats on one month!
Wow. How wonderful. Thank you for sharing this uplifting story...Well done. I wish you all the best on your continued journey. 
Awesome to hear. I've also been drinking buddies with my dad and he's a bit of a beer connoisseur so I bought him a pretty heavy duty home brew kit for Christmas. Then the day after New Years a million realizations hit me at once and I decided I needed to quit drinking right then and there. He was really looking forward to brewing and drinking the beer with me but hopefully he'll be happier when I tell him I'm staying sober now.
Your dad sounds cool. I like how open he was and didn't judge...
Another hurdle overcome. Good job brother 
That's beautiful to read. I'm happy for you and him. Keep it up and stay strong!
