-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5niwwx/need_advice_on_changing_mindset_re_spouse/

i have had about a million badge resets over the past year or so. not all of them - but at least a few of them - are because my husband actively works against my efforts (literally buying my favorite wine pouring a glass and putting it in my hand for example)..ultimately i am more than aware that what i choose is only MY responsibility it just adds an extra challenge..my most recent challenge is this: i am the breadwinner in our family. all this week i've come home from work to find him already several drinks in and offering me a drink..i would love a glass of wine (or a bottle!) to wind down after work. certainly worked in the past. but it doesn't *really* work and that's why i keep working to avoid it..but i get into a mindset that is driving me nuts. i tell myself "i worked so hard all day i should be rewarded. he's obviously enjoying himself why shouldn't i? i've earned it" etc etc etc..perhaps this is just my brain's ploy to sneak back into booze. perhaps it's more a reflection of marital issues than drinking issues..but it sabotages my efforts and i'm wondering if anyone has faced anything similar or has any advice??.i know that my actions shouldn't depend on anyone else's behavior. but we've been married for a long time and i'm struggling to not drink when he's continuing the "party.".thanks for listening :)
----------immediate responses--------

Eeek that's a difficult situation to be in...It sounds a little like he's drinking and doesn't want to be alone in that so he's encouraging you to drink. Personally I'd tell him that you're not going to be drinking so you don't appreciate him pouring you a glass. He should respect that as your spouse but regardless sobriety is your responsibility and you CAN do this!..With regards to rewarding yourself you need to find a new rewards system I reckon. I'm a huge fan of a long bath. I start running the bath as soon as I get home as it gives me time to decompress and think about what I'm going to do with the evening. 
My husband still drinks and there's been several times I've come home to find him quite buzzed and at first and it tempting to join him. I found it was just best to remove myself from the situation. So I gave him a kiss and went to bed early to read or I took a bath or I went to a meeting. After a while once I reconditioned my brain that buzz wasn't tempting to join at all. When buzzed he talks a little too loud a little too long and there's no real exchange going on so now it's even easier to opt out.
Something that I was told my first month into sobriety (by someone with thirty years plus sober) is that to sobriety necessitates that you are willing to lose *everything* else. It doesn't mean that you *will* just that you must be *willing.* This made me think about a lot of things in my life in a much different way.
