-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nrj0d/brooding_and_venting_about_simultaneously_wanting/

I do not want to drink at all today. And I will not. ..But I so desperately want to drink today. I want to surrender buy a bottle of Vodka and feel the wisened resignation that it provokes in me. Silently chuckle to myself like a world-weary old man laughing at his most basic condition here on this earth for a time. I would soon sleep. And then wake in a few hours drink more. Likely with some surprise at how much I had drunk on my first pass. Then buy more knowing the markets will close. I'd wake up hung over enough that I would simply reach for more and fall back asleep. Would the day pass like this and I would endure a terrible hangover on Sunday? Or would the overwhelming feeling of helplessness be so great that I would enter into a sort of alcoholic wormhole for several weeks? Part of me wants this. It's really rather amazing that anyone could want such degradation no? And yet in that space there is something that feels simultaneously safe and alone. ..I know the door to the wormhole is closed. I know I will never ever choose it again. And even the description of my wanting it here now is somewhat false self-conscious. I truly do not want it anymore. Perhaps this is why I recoil at the notion of alcoholism because I know the depths of depravity and absolute self destruction of the worst among us. And yet and maybe what scares me is that I did indeed control it. I did indeed choose it. It started with the phantasmic one drink and yet I sort of knew that and still chose that one drink with little to no resistance to what it was sure to initiate...In the end I know it does not really matter how exactly we each understand ourselves our struggles our choices and our intentions. It does matter that we make one choice each day. So to keep it simple - I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know it sounds impossible but try not to even have that discussion with yourself. You made a decision this morning not to drink today and that's final. When I find my mind starting to entertain thoughts I stop it in its tracks. It does no good to go back and forth in my head. 
Yep I understand this completely. Beautifully well written! The thought of it seems like a warm blanket to me that's pretty fucking scary. I'll join you in not drinking today.
Well written! 
Your posting could not have come at a better time for me.  Thank you.
