-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nuauh/weekend_drinker_trying_to_quit/

I am 30 years old and ever since I was 19 I have been a weekend drinker. Monday through Fridays I would never drink and then on weekends I would cut loose hit the bars or hang out at a friends and get drunk. ..Even if I wasn't drinking socially on the weekends I still enjoyed getting a buzz on or even completely shit faced by myself while playing video games...Now I am older and married with children. I still drink on the weekends but it is typically at home once the kids are down for bed or at family / social gatherings. Being that I am older and with kids this lifestyle has began to get old and I want the weekend hangovers to cease so I can make better use of that time for family and myself. ..Over the past year I have tried to reduce or cut out weekend drinking completely but it seems to be a struggle. Monday through Friday morning I do not crave a drop of alcohol and swear to myself that I don't need to or want to drink on the coming weekend. ..However without fail every single Friday afternoon I find myself sitting at work contemplating what type of drink I want to throw back that night and will give in on the ride home and grab some beer or liquor. ..Over the past year I have gone a weekend here or a weekend there without drinking and the longest I have managed to remain sober this past year was for 3 weeks in a row. ..However social events will usually throw me off track after abstaining for a little while and then I find myself in that cycle of drinking every weekend. ..With that said I have two questions:..1. When and if will the weekend cravings ever go away? ..2. What are some tips to avoid giving in to this urge to drink on the weekends? .
----------immediate responses--------

I found once I am able to get a few weekends under my belt without drinking I am able to start re-training my brain that the Weekend or in my case everyday does not equal alcohol.  
46 years old here and same situation as you..For me the weekend cravings never went away. Kids are almost teenagers now too. I'm almost on day 12. I need to stop kidding myself and totally quit. .
I don't know if or when the weekend craving will go away but perhaps changing things up a bit can help? For example - if drinking on weekend starts on Friday evening make a promise next weekend to only buy something after you go o a long hike. Or taking kids to a museum or what have you. ..Then replace the weekend drinking with weekend activities. Rain or shine that activity gets done just like drinking was done rain or shine.
&gt; However without fail every single Friday afternoon I find myself sitting at work contemplating what type of drink I want to throw back that night and will give in on the ride home and grab some beer or liquor...I have a different strategy - I do not plan what I am going to drink because I do not want to drink alcohol. Instead I plan what I want to be doing. I also protect myself by sticking to sober people and sober places. If I have to meet other people I do it during the day and for sober activities...In those 11 years you've had like 600 weekends when you drank. It's going to take a while to remove the association between it being the weekend and drinking. As long as I keep yielding to a craving (no matter what the trigger) it will never go away. The more I ignore it the weaker it gets until it disappears...What helped me:..* realising that I no longer want to spend my weekends drunk and deciding to look for alternatives..* accepting that at first I will not be comfortable and might experience cravings but it won't be like that forever; I'm simply doing a new thing and need to get used to it. ..* having stuff planned so that I am not at a loss for what to do and having a back-up plan. I found that being productive is also important to me because it gives me a sense of accomplishment and makes me feel better about myself. It also shows that I am different now because the old drinking me would be unproductive..* accepting that at first no matter what I am doing I will think that it could be enhanced with alcohol. This is why I changed my goal - I do not want to have fun I want to stay sober no matter what. The fun followed automatically once I stopped paying so much attention to it. ..* ask myself why I am drinking on weekends and challenge those thoughts one by one.
