-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nwaci/i_have_14_bold_black_crosses_on_my_stopdrinking/

After yet another massive bender/binge cycle just before new years I decided to buy a calendar as a new attempt at strategising my non-drinking plan. ..Through the 15 years I have battled with this bingeing dilemma I have come up with many many different and failing strategies to aid me to quit and get a grip - from special diets to rubber band plans to the usual counselling medication naltrexone etc. And all have gone ass up real quick. ..It's been two weeks with the calendar plan - it's on my fridge in my open-plan apartment where i can see the crosses from pretty much every angle of the house bar the toilet and bedroom and it's odd but I now get excited when the time comes to mark off yet another day of sobriety. I get excited because when I do this I'm also marking off a day in which I have retained all my memories and self respect and spare change and dignity and brain cells and friendships. ..Those crosses also symbolise each day that I have enjoyed stable mental health - no anxiety no bi-polar symptoms or suicidal thoughts/behaviour no insane arguments no shattered glass no bloodshot eyes no DUI's no falling asleep in the bath. ..I am clearly ready for this and while many layers of things occurred internally up to the point of making the new years decision there is something about those crosses that really motivates and comforts me. ..Each cross is a notch. Each cross is a day in which I walk out of the fog. ..My promise to myself this year was to try to stop for a year - a kind of experiment. Stop for a year and see what becomes of you and your life. If you're in the same shitty state the same ennui the same impotent meaninglessness in life then go back to drinking and we will never speak of abstinence again and you can have your dozen bourbons guilt free until you die in some hovel place and that'll be fine since you tried and failed and we discovered that you were just shitty and cynical right the way through. ..But the opposite happened and it too happened real quick... In the first week I had read three novels - blood meridian the new york trilogy and Joan didion's magical thinking I even wrote small essays on my responses to each - second week and Ive done two don delillo's also with notes. I have now made an extensive reading list joined the library and like the notches in my calendar I am finding real pleasure in ticking off each new novel on the list. I write in small marks the finished novels over the top of the black crosses on the calendar since the calendar has become a kind of hombre - and plus it's a kitten calendar! ..It's summer where i am and I live near the beach - I can hear it from my backyard but while in my fog I never really got down there - now I take my reading down there each morning have a swim and immerse myself in the stories. I look forward to it so much and I havent looked forward to anything but drinking for a really really long time so it's quite a thing. ..These two weeks I have realised that I have no deranged mental health issues and that has been extraordinary as a revelation - it seems to me that my kind of drinking and the way my mind is wired that I basically suffer ALL the mental health issues when I'm in that toxic fog. ..The world is opening back up for me. I can feel it. And each day each notch each cross represents one step away from that dark reedy space I used to think I was born and condemned  to exist in forever - that kind of thinking is clearly the mental illness that emerges from the drinking. ..I think that when you're a drunk the world begins to mean less and less. A puerile cynicism sort of sweeps over you everything is more or less ugly - except for perhaps the first few moments of relenting to a drink - just before the black out- and even then the joy of intoxication is a grotesque one that is mainly concerned with alleviating the dereliction of the previous session of drinking. ..I often had a thought over the years I spent drinking - that I was sort of trapped in time. I had not evolved much at all past the point in which alcohol got its grasp on me a decade or so ago.  The people I drank with in bars - they talked about the same things the same sports the same news the same cynicism the same vacuous tedious shit. I realised that each relationship I had been in and lost I was having the same fucking arguments the exact same ones! The same dramas the same tensions the same the same the same. ..Right now I'm in a kind of renaissance. A gust of life wind growth. I know I need to be vigilant and I know that being cocksure can be fatal for recovery - but once again I have told myself "one year"... but unlike other times in which I was will-powering myself to keep away from the drink white-knuckled so to speak this time I immediately took up an activity - reading and what a better way to open up to life than to read great novels to learn about people about stories that mean things that move you. ..I forgot that life was meaningful. I forgot that there was still so much to experience and learn. I think that taking up a great novel almost immediately after quitting drinking and making that first mark on the calendar has been extremely helpful - reading is a very fast way of experiencing meaning of engaging in life of feeling again. ..I was trapped for so long in my warped - and warping fog of hell that I convinced myself that alcohol was the only thing of any value any sense any pleasure. One could look at alcohol as a kind of entity whose only goal is to have its host be completely consumed by it and what better way of achieving this goal than to convince its host that IT is the only meaningful activity and that IT or death was the only escape. What a vile monstrous thing and that's a cheesy metaphor but we are indeed talking about life and death and to me up until new years I was as close to death as I had ever been (suicide attempts + high high high range drink driving charge whilst under a massive black out) ..Anyways I guess this post is a kind of note to self but I guess that self is also the self of many alcoholics - we are all brothers in a way; having known what we know and plunged the way we have plunged and we are all here because of it trying to escape it. So I thought I would share and maybe it might resonate. ..But I do think it's about books (and calendars too)...Engaging in literature gives us hope courage - those stories are journeys - just like the one I am on as I reach toward lasting sobriety. It's infinitely comforting inspiring and powerful to have been reminded of meaningful things beyond alcohol. And I can tell that alcohol is quite worried now that I have found a meaning in life beyond it. I can tell it squirms and struggles and I love thinking about it writhing around until hopefully one day it fucks off and dies... (sorry another lame metaphor) ..Thanks for this sub I'm gonna go mark off another notch as it's about that time of the day for me. :) ..TL:DR get a sobriety calendar and read as many books as you possibly can! 
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is like a parasite isn't it? It inhabits us and haunts us. Glad to hear that you are finding ways to make your life meaningful without booze.
Free your mind! I love this!..Read this book called Lamb or The Gospel According to Biff. Religious sort of stuff not preachy but hilarious if you're familiar with the "source material" so to speak. 
I forgot that there was pleasure outside of booze too. I also feel like it's a renaissance. Like rebirth maybe. 
Thanks for sharing and congratulations on your 2 weeks!  You can get yourself a shiny new badge on the sidebar if you want another place to watch the days add up it's very satisfying!  Here's to rediscovering the simple pleasures of life and letting our brains thrive instead of numbing them into a vacant stupor!  I will not drink with you today!
You are so insightful  and such a truly gifted writer  that for all of us  I hope you write much  much more than notes to yourself. ..Is there a way to save a post on this sub? I want to read and reread what you wrote. ..So many thanks!! 
Holy shit what a great piece of writing. ..Just thinking of the lovely southern hemisphere summer while we have winter up here in the UK. ..I think there's a way to save this to the SD bookmark list - will see if I can find it. 
