-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nzv8j/from_the_bottom_of_my_heart_thank_you_sd/

I'm getting used to this sobriety thing.  I won't stop going to in person meetings but sometimes I'm not able to get to as many as I'd like to...I've been sober 132 days.  I come to SD every single day.  Sometimes I post sometimes I just read.  ..I enjoy reading the stories about people that have turned their lives around after giving up alcohol.  You all inspire me with your strength and diligence... On the other side of the coin its beneficial for me to read stories of people's dark pasts (or present day problems) and struggles to get through early sobriety.  ..Both these types of posts help to solidify and strengthen my drive to remain alcohol free.  I try to give back to the community by being supportive of others and encouraging them to take control of their lives...To anyone considering sobriety or struggling to get through the day without drinking alcohol we at SD are living proof that its SO fucking worth it...We are warriors with power beyond measure.  Many of us never knew this power existed inside of us.  Some of us felt weak for many years of our life.  As problem drinkers we've experienced the depths of addiction and have seen how dark it can get...But we've come out stronger than most and because of our difficult pasts we appreciate life more than most.  While I wish I got sober earlier in life I can honestly say that my past is now being used to propel sober me to new heights.  ..Thanks SD.  I doubt I'd be here without you all...edit: words and stuff and stuff.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.  You expressed my thoughts perfectly.  I too am somewhat regretful I didn't get sober earlier but then I shake it off and I'm thankful I'm sober *now*.  Thanks for sharing that I'm saving it.  
Beautiful post and exactly my feelings also. Due to kids and not having anyone around to help I can't manage to AA and I never thought I would find a support group and a way to break the horrible drinking habits. With SD i got both and I need it like I need air..Congrats on your 132 days you are awesome!!!!
&gt; We are warriors who are powerful beyond measure. Many of us never knew this power existed inside of us. ..I am discovering that now! Great post keep up the good work :)
This was so nice to read thank you so much  
That was a great post very well written! Sums up sobriety and SD's part to play in it perfectly. Thanks for sharing.
Here's to living proof!
Great post!  Thank you for sharing.
Great post! Thank you for the encouragement and kind words. I love this in particular :..&gt;We are warriors with power beyond measure. Many of us never knew this power existed inside of us. ..Exactly. I will not drink with you today. 
I've said it before this place is a godsend. Even if you mess up and end up drinking posting your mistake and how you feel about it helps everyone that's considered having a drink again. It's nice to get reminders on why we've chosen this path. 
"We are warriors with power beyond measure." Yes we are! Great post!
