-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o36kw/day_48_the_welcome_home_party_is_not_what_it_once/

My husband got home yesterday after a work trip...He has had a few stints of working away for long-ish periods (roughly six months at time) but luckily during those times he's been able to come home on weekends...When he's been away I have taken it as an opportunity to get 'home alone drunk'.  No having to justify my second (third?) bottle no having to talk to anyone just me social media and the telly.  ..I could (and did) sleep on the sofa.  I could (and did) prioritise wine calories over food calories. I could (and did) call in sick to work because I was still drunk and simultaneously incredibly hungover...On the days he would be coming home I would roll out of bed (or off the sofa) at about 1.00pm and survey the incredible mess that resulted from my five day bender.  ..Bottles everywhere. Red Bull cans everywhere.  Cigarette butts everywhere (why reach over to an ashtray when there's an empty bottle right next to me?) and the stink of stale smoke permeating every surface.  ..And of course no food in the fridge (at one point there was quite literally just a single can of Red Bull and a jar of goose fat in my fridge - even the contestants on 'Chopped' would struggle with that!)...I'd do a massive clean up (no amount of air freshener would cover what had clearly been a rubbish dump for the past week) and make a quick trip to the shop for fresh food (and to restock the fridge with beer and wine - after all he's home let's celebrate right?)..And once he arrived I'd feign excitement and try desperately to cover my incredible hangover...The whole thing took so much bloody effort. It was disgusting and he deserved better.  As did I. ..Yesterday I was up and showered by 9am. The house was already neat as a pin the washing was done the fridge was full of fresh fruit and veg there was not a whiff of cigarette smoke in the air (this week is my one year anniversary of not smoking cigarettes - whooohoo!!!) and I was awake alert and ready to hear all about his trip...I even sat quietly while he napped (jet lag not hangover as far as I could tell) and I did a little long-stitch project that I picked up to help keep my hands and mind occupied...This is what we deserve - a peaceful clean quiet sober happy house to come home to.  ..This may have all sounded very boring to the old me but I am starting to realise that when I was looking at life through the fuzzy filters of a wine glass smoke and a hangover maybe I wasn't really seeing things too clearly.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice one. I really like your posts. 
You have never made a Redbull and Goose fat confit you don't know what you are missing. 
Mmm... Goose fat. 
Nice and congrats on the not smoking anniversary!
Nice job Cookie Trousers. 
Awesome....!
For some reason throughout my drinking years I preferred my couch over my bed 90% of the time. It seemed too much effort to go there when I wasn't done making trips to the fridge to bring back bottles mixed drinks and/or double-fists of beers at a time. I had two different roommates that moved out because of my drinking saying the house constantly stank of booze and cigarettes. There were more cans of beer and fifths in our 30 gallon trash can than any other waste...I'm happy to be sober today and I'm happy for you to be on Day 48 ! Thanks for posting.
I used to get home from work much earlier than my SO and every day I would need to know the minute he would be leaving work so I knew how much time I would have to get drunk and half sober up before he got home. I would actually get excited on days he was stuck at work late because it meant bonus drinking time for me. Literally cheating on him with my addiction. Our relationship is so much stronger now that I'm not dating two people. I'm so happy that we love and respect ourselves enough to see that we deserve a clean peaceful life.
Fantastic turnaround well done!
