-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o8v4w/im_a_little_over_2_weeks_in_diddoes_anyone_else/

The first two weeks I marched through like a champion barely even ever wanted the stuff... now my brain is pretty much constantly thinking about it reminding me of it trying to convince me that I deserve it that I could have "just a little" or do it "just once"... etc. Like the cravings and thoughts are stronger now than they have been for the first couple weeks. ..I STILL will not drink tonight... but oof. It's getting a little rougher to process. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yup.  It sucks man.  That voice fades though just keep going.
I had to get involved with a program of recovery. I was able to stay sober once for three weeks but I was so angry confused and sad that I didn't last. I am not saying this will happen to you...I found that I needed to do a few things everyday in early recovery. Recovery readings talking about my feelings being honest with myself checking in with other recovering people going to meetings (group therapy and I went to AA)...It sounds like a lot but getting actively involved in recovering helped me stay on the ball. 
Yep hit the gym and stay strong 
Yup.  The first week was a rough but then a few weeks that were a breeze.  I stopped going to as many meetings and wasn't reading anything sobriety related.  By late last week I was unbelievably irritable.  I didn't even realize I wanted to drink.  But then I started reading about other people's cravings and as they're describing the hypothetical things that will happen if they have a drink I'm going "damn that sounds like fun!" ..So I realized my issue was that I wanted to drink.  ..See the few good weeks I had were because I figured out how to deal with my cravings.  How do get over that desire to drink.  But how do I do that if I don't even know I want to drink?  So no I've learned that alcohol is one tricky bitch.  Cravings I didn't know about were wrecking my mood so once I realized I wanted to drink I was just about to snap...Started calling some AA buddies and went to a couple meetings...I'm cool now but damn that was scary.  I'm going to get going on my step work and make sure I keep up with my meetings against. 
like others have stated - surround yourself with positive people that will keep you on the program ..also do something anything that will occupy your time renovate your house (don't know how learn how to) exercise (dont know how learn) write paint (dont know how go on youtube) play music or an instrument (go on youtube and learn) etc ..if you go about your day in the same way you did before your patterns will drive you towards your addiction again - get into something new and use up your energy in something new and positive ..and i mean anything - you dont know how - go on google and youtube and you will find a million resources - once you get far enough advanced in anything you do - then you start reaching out to professionals in whatever field to move you along 
I was there...a few more weeks in...and ended up with a reset. Stay strong try to find something else to do. Forgive yourself for napping a bit more or reading a book or expressing some more self care through this time. 
I'm going through that now as well. First week was rough next two weeks were a breeze - didn't want to drink at all - now in week 4 and I have constant cravings all day. Wtf? I guess our minds are weird like that.
