-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o8x5g/getting_honest_with_myself/

I have been a drinker since my early 20s and I am now 32. I have had legal troubles multiple DUIs jail sentences inpatient and outpatient treatments lost jobs gotten my ass kicked bad enough to get sent to the ER for mouthing off while drunk on three different occasions. I decided enough was enough after the last time I was assaulted and I had been going to partial hospitalization treatment for my alcoholism since December 15th but I would go home and drink. I thought I was getting away with it but I didn't realize the urine tests they did looked for alcohol as well as drugs. So I had been lying the entire time. When I showed up on January 6th they breathalyzed me right when I walked in the door and I blew a 0.056 from the night before. I was immediately taken to detox and with the help of librium I was able to (mostly) comfortably finally stop drinking. While in the hospital I chose to attend an AA meeting that some local members were chairing at the hospital. When I walked into the meeting I saw a friend that I had been in a year long treatment program (Teen Challenge) with back in 2006. We both relapsed soon after leaving the program. Turns out he's been sober for 7 years now and has turned his life around. We exchanged info and got caught up and he's now a major support in my life. I got out of detox on the 10th and on the 11th I received a Vivitrol (naltrexone) injection. This drug has made a day and night difference in my cravings. I no longer want to drink AT ALL. It's a freedom I haven't felt since I took my first drink at 15. Now I need to establish a strong support system around myself and piece my life back together as there is a lot of aftermath to clean up. Sorry for the long-winded story but I just needed to get it out there. I'm going on 10 days sober and plan to make it many more with the help of treatment AA meetings this group naltrexone and hope for better life. I'm glad there's a place where I can share my story and get feedback and support.
----------immediate responses--------

I thought I needed to do the cleanup in one or two weeks. But it turned out that it was more of a long-term effort. ..Welcome to SD and congrats for 10 days. That is huge.
Damn... well glad to hear your getting sober. Welcome it's always nice hearing that someone is making efforts to improve their life. I dodged a lot of the legal consequences (by luck mostly) but I've definitely mad a big mess of my personal relationships. I hope we can both get our lives on track to somewhere better! 
Welcome you have come to the right place.  Our group is incredibly supportive and if it support you need it is support you will get.   The clean up will take time but as with everything it will be worth the. Effort love and blessings from me to you. 
Congrats on 10 days! I'm so glad that you met up with your friend again and have strong support. I'm also happy to hear that the Naltrexone is working for you :). Thanks for being here with us!
Hey I just got my second Vivitrol shot earlier this month! I am also having good success with it! I am in an intensive out pt tax program too and I go to AA meetings. AND I've always got this sub and the chat room which I love! I understand completely that I cannot do this alone. It takes a village to keep me sober. Good for you!
