-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o9xfa/alcohol_ruins_lives_even_after_sobriety/

I've been a lurker on this page for several months. I sobered up just over seven months ago. Hoping it would help me and it has in many ways. I'm still going strong but a bomb got dropped in my life today. My wife is also an alcoholic and knows she needs to stop. However she continues to be in the throws of the cycle of alcoholism. She went back to her home state over the New Years with our daughter and had an affair. Now we are in the midst of a separation and eventual divorce (state law requires 12 months separation due to a minor child). Needless to say I am devastated. I thought she'd just visit her family have a nice holiday and come home. Now that I'm sober I'm totally processing this betrayal when for my whole adult life I'd numb it. I'm thinking of adding Al Anon to my routine as her alcoholism has devastated my reality. After all the work I've done on myself. All the progress I made. No relapses as she continues to drink. Alcohol still wreaks havoc on my life. I hate addiction. I hate the control it has on lives. I hate the lives and people it devastates. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear this. This was unexpected and I wish she never told you about her affair. You're already struggling with addiction. I find it that sometimes telling the partner is selfish because it hurts the partner while absolving the other. .I'm so sorry that you are hurting and I hope your divorce is not as painful. 
That's a horrible situation to be in.  I'm sure drinking could make it worse.  I'll stay sober with you. 
That's awful. But kudos to keeping going. I hope this all works out and I'm sorry it's hurting.
Stay strong my friend. I too have been were you are at. But I put up with it for years. Remember you are the sober one here and you have the sense to realize this is not for you or your child. She will try and come back. I will NOT drink with you today  
Alanon has helped my recovery greatly.  As with all things it pays to shop around as the tone and temperament of meetings varies.
That sucks. Get a good lawyer so you can protect your daughter from growing up with an alchohol abusing parent. ..I won't drink with you today.
Non-alcoholics and non-addicts also have affairs so I don't blame such actions on alcohol though continued heavy drinking does tend to make *my* morals and ethics a bit fuzzy around the edges. Still I don't blame the things I did on alcohol except for the craving of alcohol. I drink I crave it...Though affairs can sometimes hurt when one becomes aware of them (usually through a story) I don't believe they necessarily have to end a marriage make one drink or ruin spiritual progress. These would be conscious choices not inevitabilities. ..I also think if a married couple both become sober that this will put an end to the possibility of an affair. That it makes both people suddenly "good." All sorts of sober people are screwing around in the 12-step programs...I put this thinking out there because I don't believe divorce has to be the outcome when an affair happens. I always thought the word "devastation" is the most hyperbolic word when actually I am just angry sad or afraid. I prefer to save the word "devastation" for the effects of hurricanes tornados fires and earthquakes. Betrayal has never really harmed me. I just felt a simple emotion about it. An come to find out I can let go and move on from any emotion if I choose. This might sound weird but whenever I have had a SO cheat on me I was always reacting emotionally to a *story*. She told me a story of her betrayal. I was actually reacting emotionally to my own imagination. The pictures I created in my mind of her having sex with someone. If I drank it was because that what's I did anyway I didn't really need a trigger or an excuse. The first drink is always my choice. The resulting craving isn't. ..Marriage isn't easy sometimes. And when one is an active alcoholic it can be very hard and sometimes a hard line must be taken and some temporary separation is necessary. But communication and reconciliation can be one possibility. And if the two people involved don't want to create communication and reconciliation and it would be *creating* it and want to *create* a divorce instead then that doesn't mean I would have to drink lose any progress I've made or fall to pieces...Keep it simple keep it real if one can. There is a difference between thought memories and imagination and what reality actually is here and now. There is a difference between creativity and reactiveness. Good luck. 
Infidelity feels like your heart is being ripped out of your chest. I am so sorry you're experiencing this. Glad you are choosing to stay sober and feel the feelings. 
I'm sorry you (and your child) are dealing with this. I'm proud of you for staying sober. I will not drink with you today.
So sorry this happened to you. I will not drink with you today 
I'm very sorry to read you are going through this.  It must be devastating.  ...Good job staying sober and addressing the problem with a clear mind!...There are many of us in the same boat....r/survivinginfidelity/ is a good place to visit.
I'm so saddened by your story. I'm thinking of you and will not drink with you today. I can't think of anything else to say except that I think Al Anon is a great idea. Stay strong. 
I'm sorry to hear that buddy but I'm happy you're staying strong!  I'll stay sober with you pal!
Only here to say that an affair does not necessarily mean a divorce. Everyone's situation is different of course and you and your SO will ultimately have to decide what is best but an affair does not automatically mean the end of a marriage. In some situations (not advocating nor defending anything or anybody) it can even make a relationship stronger. It's not an automatic.
I'm with you SoberlifeJune2016 - simply put alcohol sucks...The one silver lining in your situation is that your daughter will have at least one sober parent she can count on.  And that's not nothing...Keeping a good (non-drinking) thought for you...
I'm so sorry that you're going through this.  I don't know how old your daughter is but this transition will likely be much easier for her with at least one sober parent so you're doing a great thing for her and yourself by maintaining your commitment to sobriety.  I hope this situation works out for the best for you and your daughter whatever that turns out to be.  Good luck I will not drink with you today.
My heart goes out to you. Stay strong.
I think Al-Anon is an excellent idea. Those folks will have had similar experiences with separation and ending relationships and can give you  a lot of advice and support. Stay strong my friend and you can get through this.
Keep on keepin. 
My jaw is on the floor I am so sorry and am sending love and hugs your way.   You are amazing for staying sober through all of this.  .
Thats a really tough situation and I feel for you. My experience was always a hard-line NO CHEATING policy (You cheat you're gone....I cheat I'll leave) solely because I knew that I couldn't trust myself when I was drunk to make the right decision should I find myself in a compromised state. By making such a determined stance sober I gave my drunk mind a fighting chance to make the right decision. Luckily it worked and due the nature of my professional socialization and travel there were LOTS of chances for me to anonymously break that condition. I also knew I was too fragile emotionally to allow myself to forgive my spouse if she was the one doing the cheating because I had such little respect for myself to begin with...Now that I have some beginning of sobriety and distance from that mindset I've been working a great deal with self-forgiveness and forgiveness of others. I've also recognized that a truly strong relationship is one that can be repaired by forgiveness. By no means am I giving you advice what to do here I don't know the whole story nor is it any of my business to know but I'm just saying that it bears a consideration whether or not you (the collective us) are in a place where we can forgive ourselves for our transgressions first and if not then why. And if we can then aren't we strong enough to forgive others and if we can forgive others then can we forgive whatever damage that might be done. ..There's a process called the "Total Truth Process" (google it its amazing) that I found to be a terrific tool for self-reflection granted I wasn't faced with a situation as dire and hard as this...Good luck through this.  
Thank you so much everyone. I know that this affair is the straw that broke the camels back. Ever since I started my journey through sobriety I have begged her to come along. I continued to enable her drinking by cleaning up the house taking care of out daughter and working to keep food on the table. All while alcoholism did what is does and just progressed. I'm very sad hurt and disappointed that this major change is happening. I just tell myself that I need to be sober and her alcoholism only made it harder. That I need to be a good father. I'm still feeling strong in my sobriety. Especially with my child in limbo. I will not drink with you today.
Wife left me in 1976 pushing me deeper into my addiction. Six months later I joined AA. After a couple years of watching my ex living a life of debauchery I fought for custody of my 2 young children and won. I didn't have a pot to piss in but we got by. The kids loved visiting mommy on the weekends with the crazy parties and no discipline. That made it tough at times I was the bad guy.  My son grew up to be one of us  fighting addiction until he was 45 and died of an overdose leaving behind three young kids. My ex's other son OD'd as well and the rest of her second family are all close to death. My daughter is still very much alive and she is a blessing to me. She is a fairly heavy drinker but I don't think shes a alcoholic.  Believe it or not my ex is still drinking and doing dope and living in squalor. Hardest thing i ever did was make amends to her knowing the damage she did to the children with her horrible example. But i knew she deserved an apology for my transgressions regardless of her behavior.  I know its hard to believe but I still love life and sobriety. I am lucky to have a great sponsor as well as a couple of sponsee's and it is very rewarding to be of service and pass on what was given to me. God bless you and know that if you dont pick up or use things will work out. Maybe not the way you want but they will work out.
I'm so sorry! None of that is easy! I would add alanon definitely and just make you and your daughter the priority! I will not drink with you today! 
My marriage survived infidelity on both sides.  The SO also used to engage in irresponsible spending.  Since I have been sober I have addressed my shortcomings and those of the SO.  Sobriety has allowed me to speak openly and make corrections which in the past would have been held in and caused resentment...
Congrats on not drinking because of what you are going through. ..All the work and all the progress you've made isn't for nothing - stay strong. 
