-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ob2ii/i_cannot_forget_that_not_drinking_is_the_most/

My last relapse was just exponentially worse than previous ones.  The next time I drink and get caught I may or may not get divorced lose my kids my job I cannot possibly overstate the seriousness of this...Once I get back my momentum and life gets smooth again it is easy to forget that the core problem was always the drinking.  It's easy to think I have this now I have fixed all these other problems now I can ease back into drinking.  ..On the statistical side someone like me with my history of mental illness and substance abuse if there were odds on me successfully drinking again and being happy and healthy I am sure they very very very bad.  God don't let me roll those dice.  ..Honestly it's like hey man do you want to bet all of your chips life savings your kids' lives on one lottery ticket?  It's 100 million to one?  And if you lose you have to shoot yourself in the head.  If you win you get buzzed for an hour.  Sure fuck it why not!!
----------immediate responses--------

I went through this exact scenario when I first got sober. Almost exactly what I'm going through right now. Thanks for helping this alcoholic know that I'm not alone!..I will not drink with you today!
For me I just think about the many mornings where I woke up feeling like hell and with a deep foreboding sense that something has gone very wrong with my relationship with alcohol and my life.  I also think about the times I have moderated or quite for a bit and how I went right back to old habits...So when I think about alcohol now I really think of it as a doorway to all of the above.  It pretty much crushes any craving.
&gt; Honestly it's like hey man do you want to bet all of your chips life savings your kids' lives on one lottery ticket? It's 100 million to one? And if you lose you have to shoot yourself in the head. If you win you get buzzed for an hour. Sure fuck it why not!!..Wow well put.  That says it all right there doesn't it?
I went thru this scenario and lost it all.  Don't do it.  Keep thinking the way you're thinking.
I love all the different ways people convince themselves not to drink and stay sober thank you for more inspiration to stay sober!
