-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ocsxy/my_wife_left_me_and_took_our_kids/

I have been sober for four solid months.  The longest I've been completely undrunk since maybe the age of 19 or 20.  My problem had been on a steady rise over 15 years until last September I quit for good.  I was drinking every night sometimes upwards of 6 drinks (or more).  I used it to "help" me sleep and to "help" calm the night terrors induced by post-trauma.  I drank to forget those pains and to keep those memories buried or at least at an emotional arms-length.  I drank for a lot of reasons.  I drank because I have a deep family history of mental health issues and thus relentless dependencies as a way of coping.  I was never trying to fool her or myself that I had a serious problem but just that I wasn't ready to say goodbye to the bottle until I was absolutely certain I could be ready to quit.  I tested being sober for stretches of two to three weeks but it was agonizing.  I knew that with most accomplishments in my life I had to mentally prepare and work through how I would achieve the goal of quitting drinking.  And I did...However these last four months haven't been very easy for me.  I have been relearning how to cope and deal and compartmentalize and face myself without my old companion--booze.  I went to see a therapist for the first time in years on Friday and have another appointment on Wednesday...I've been all alone in my home for a full week now and the loneliness and the regret and the self loathing are taking their toll.  I keep oscillating at the thoughts of suicide and just running away from all of this or just drowning myself in whiskey.  I can't cope or face the thought of losing my family.  I had been on an upward trajectory and haven't relapsed even a moment these past four months.  Even before I made the cold hard break from alcohol I had been working on my anger and working on my temper and working on my patience with her and with our kids...I feel like I haven't been given any credit or understanding or leeway to stretch out my newly discovered sober-self and then boom I have a dip in self-control and get angry and go into a rage over something stupid at home.  The kids were asleep but she was so upset over it that the next morning she left to her parents and hasn't come home.  ..I'm hopeless floating further and further from the shore and my boat is slowly taking on water.  I fear that I keep pulling and grasping at the rope tethered to shore to them and that all of those frayed strands are just piling up on this water-logged boat and when I finally reach the end of that tether only to find it has been cut I'll be sunk by the weight of knowing how sad and how fruitless and how hopeless that effort was for nothing.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry.  It sucks because people who don't have the same background and issues that we do cannot understand the journey we are going through.  I can relate to everything you speak of especially the fits of rage during sobriety.  We have numbed ourselves for so long that once we unlock the gate that holds our emotions back we cannot control the level to which they come out...Stay strong man at the very least know that you are not alone.
I came to a point in my life where it was imperative to stop drinking.  Like you - I cycled up and down emotionally.  Stopping didn't just fix me - but it's enabling me to do the REAL work I need to on myself...Your kids will always be your kids no matter what you and your wife do.  The only question that matters (IMHO) is what kind of father you will be to them.  I think you're very much on the right track and as long as you keep sober during these incredibly trying times and do the work you need to on yourself you're chance of a good long-term relationship with them is very good...Keeping strong with you my friend.
I wouldn't say it was for nothing you haven't relasped despite this difficult experience instead you're going to therapy. That's a very healthy way to deal with trauma and loss. It sounds like you've really changed as a person and turned your life around. I'm so sorry for the pain you and your family are going through. 
Hey man hang in there. Your kids need you. You are still a dad!  Now more than ever they need you. ..Although it might feel like life is over it is just beginning.  Stay hopeful! ...
When I felt deep despair I just concentrated on my next breath and let the storm rage in the background-- keep just gently pulling your attention back to your breath.. If you don't drink it will get better. I started reading up on meditation and. I found an AA meeting and just listened. Good Luck! It gets better!
I'm so sorry to hear you're struggling so much. Whenever I find myself thinking "I can't bear to face..." I know it's time for me to sit down and actually face it losing my fiance? That'd be a terrible crushing blow. But instead of panicky thinking I can't bear to lose him I think about what will very likely happen if I did. Id need to move out for example because I couldn't afford our rent by myself.   ..I don't want to lose my fiance anymore than you do for family (and I really really hope you don't!) but it helps me to make that possibility less frightening.  Best of luck. Drinking never did you any favors or you wouldn't be here so don't depend on it to help now that the chips are down.   
I am sorry you are feeling so sad and alone I'm sending you good vibes and best wishes...About the only thing that could make it worse for you right now is adding alcohol to the mix. It won't solve anything in fact it will make it much much worse...When I take alcohol out of the mix I find that even when things are bad they always start getting better if more slowly than I wish them too. When I drink the opposite is true...Please keep checking in. We are all here for you...Maybe spend some time in the IRC chat?
I found that when I was raging I was raging because I wanted to be in control. I wanted to be able to control everything. When I learnt to let go of control I stopped raging. It sounded counter-intuitive to me but it was amazing to watch things unfold say "I can't control people around me and the only thing I can control is myself" and see that things worked out as I wanted without me behaving like an ass.
