-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ok66f/complacency_relapse_problems/

I've been lurking and participating in this form for years now had a full year sober a while back and really reaped the benefits.  Now I have become complacent and have been having small relapses pretty much weekly.  It's really wearing me down.  I still work in the alcohol industry and it does make it difficult.  I'm going to my first meeting tonight time to try something different.  I am nervous about recognizing folks in my hometown but they will be in the same boat as me I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

And they may not be as surprised as you think they will be. It is called denial. ..Listen for the similarities look for someone who is living the life you wish you had and hang on. ..It is an awesome ride you only have to choose to hop on and hold on. ..Good luck. 
Yeah the boredom is a killer been there done that etc...it gets me every time. This is why it is SO important to keep fighting against it. I call Alcohol my enemy no#1 and then my second biggest enemy is BOREDOM. ..Being sober makes our minds so crisp and clear that our minds starts to make demands from ourselves. And the alcohol is an easy but expensive way out of those. It will quickly dumb us down to be entertained by even the simplest of things be satisified with the most mediocre of results of whatever we do - and even keep us entertained untill the pain starts again untill the body is weakened by the numerous relapses and untill we finally realize it's too late - we're back to that place we don't want to be...I do whatever it takes to fight boredom. Have negative thoughts? I kill them! And I literally mean KILL THEM. They can't be used for anything they're hindering progress hindering us from reaching new goals. Boredom is just as bad it keeps telling us there's really nothing else to achieve we've done this been there done that - others have done it before us not worth pursuing too lazy can't handle that just now don't have the energy...and the excuses are endless...The only reason those exuses exist is because that alco-devil is right there behind it we may not see it but it really wants us back to that bottle...The best way to fight complacency is to set new goals and start them and then follow up on them. In the beginning you'll hear the mind complain about the usual stuff but kill that thought process by simply doing it - commando style!..
I finally stayed sober when I fully accepted that I can't drink alcohol without craving it and then drinking heavily. It's the way alcohol works in *my* body. Just the truth. I tried controlling it at least a dozen times over 21 years of drinking but always ended up the same way drinking heavily hangovers getting sick and life becoming a little bit harder too live. Finally I gave up and just accepted that I have a bodily condition of some kind that gets triggered when I drink alcohol. The effect is a craving and becoming a drunk...That morning after my last drunk I knew I had to do whatever it took to stay away form the first drink. That's the one that makes me sick. I'm alcoholic one of the 10% of people who become a drunk when they put alcohol in their body. It isn't my fault. Nothing I can do about it but not drink the first one. That's it. No shame in it. Doesn't make me less of a man weak or diseased. So what I can't drink. Big whoop. Coffee and water is just fine. Good luck. :)
I'm in a similar boat. Made it 9 months last year and haven't been able to make it longer than two weeks recently...I'm going to start going back to meetings too weekends are tough for me. I've actually never run into anyone I know at one. Good luck!
Update:  I went to my first meeting!  It was pretty classic in some ways church basement mostly old guys twice my age.  I got very tired of the procedures and whatnot very fast.  I understand that these things need to happen to make an organization work but it was very tedious.  The sharing I liked.  It is like ready people's accounts here (this will probably remain my "home group"). I don't really have a problem with the higher power concept I just was anxious to get to the meat of the meeting.  I shared kind of wanted to go on a long time but I retrained myself.  Overall it seemed positive and I am sober tonight.  Perhaps I'll check out some different meetings.  AA could be a good way to reenforce the sobriety techniques that I use here on Stopdrinking.  Thanks for the support.
