-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ouqg8/unhappy_at_work/

This sub is always so supportive! I've been struggling to stay sober since last March but feel really committed this time. Tonight though for the first time in probably six months I left work pissed off enough that I wanted to get drunk. It actually started about an hour before I left work. Since quitting booze and drugs I've been prioritizing my own needs over pretty much everything else. If something won't make me happy then I don't do it! To be honest budgeting and paying bills actually make me happy so this extends to all parts of my life. :) ..Anyway I haven't felt this unhappy at work in a long time. I feel like I'm treading water in my position and just marking time until I finish grad school next fall. But it occurred to me today: why wait until I finish school? Why not find another job for six or eight months just to ride out school then make a big job change next year? I mean what's stopping me (other than the obvious hurdles like someone has to hire me!)? After wasting ten years drunk and miserable why be sober and miserable? ..My semester just started so I went to the library tonight intending to review the new syllabi but ended up applying for another F/T job that is lower paid albeit less stressful. I keep thinking about how I don't have any "buy in" at this job. When I'm assigned tasks I automatically think "I don't care if this gets done." I always do the work but feel really apathetic! Maybe that's my alcoholic brain at work though...Has anyone else had this revelation since quitting? Care to share your experience? ..
----------immediate responses--------

Be careful.  I am in a similiar but not as bad situation with work.  I was advised and rightfully so to not make any big descions in the first year of sobriety.  My advice is to ride it out slow and steady.
&gt;If something won't make me happy then I don't do it! &gt;.. Today I do alot just because it makes others happy or relieves their pain.  When my own happiness drove my thinking and actions I ended up pretty miserable.
I have started to prioritize my own needs more too. Since I quit drinking though it hasn't been long this go around I treat myself to things I normally wouldn't like special foods fancy sodas etc. I also seem to have a lower tolerance for doing things I don't feel like doing especially at work.
I can relate to your post in a lot of ways. I'm also a grad student also hate my job and also have been hating my job more than usual since I stopped drinking. Like you I've been planning to just deal with this crappy job until I finish my degree at which point I'll make a career change (ideally). Oh and I'd been drinking for around 10 years as well...My job probably has different issues than yours. I've only been with this job for 6 months and it's turned out to be a really phony deal. I won't go into details but my boss is incompetent my work is a joke and I feel underappreciated. I got into this sector (nonprofit work) because I wanted to do something good for society/the world but instead it makes me feel like a fraud. On the plus side I have an office to myself and lots of days when no one really checks up on me so I've increasingly begun to view it as a "slacker" job where I do the minimum required of me to get by but spend a lot of time reading SD checking news etc. (I'm not proud of that btw but that's the truth.)..Turns out when I was drinking it was kind of the perfect job. I could come in hungover spend the day barely working and nursing my hangover in the privacy of my office and then leave without any questions asked. Now that I'm sober and clear-headed I'm just frustrated; frustrated that this job is so not what I thought it was at the start frustrated that my skills are being wasted frustrated that it's all such a joke...I started applying for other jobs about a week ago but have dropped off the job search since. I live in an area with a pretty tough job market and it took me forever to find the job I have now. I'm toying with the idea of adjusting my attitude for the better self-motivating and just kicking ass at this job regardless of its short-comings with the hope that I can turn it into something better...Anyway that's where I've been since quitting drinking. Seriously though my first two weeks after quitting I was moody as hell at work and I'm pretty sure everyone noticed. I was giving my boss the cold shoulder slacking way more than normal and literally applying to other jobs *at work*. So you're not alone on questioning your work after quitting. Where will you go from here?
