-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p00wx/i_went_back_to_day_1_heres_what_i_learned/

I was at 18 days I was doing real well I thought. ..It had gotten easy I told myself. ..I didn't post to SD I didn't even lurk. My copy of This Naked Mind sat untouched with only a mere chapter thumbed. ..I had a big screening of the film I was in my Mum was visiting and seeing it for the first time. ..I wrestled with myself before going. Caught in an endless battle of whether to drink or not. ..I resolved not to. ..I get there and all is well I order a coffee. ..Everyone starts to file in. Something switches. .."I'll meet you in there mum I'm just gonna get a drink"..I was with my Mother. I was safe surely. I'd done so well. I had it under control. ..Next thing I knew I was at the bar and my director is there.. .."You not going in?" .."I'm just getting a beer".."I thought you weren't drinking?" .."I'm not but I figured I'm with my mum and I've proven a lot to myself these past weeks and she hasn't seen it before so I can celebrate right?" .."Yeah you're right. You did good. Have yourself a beer."..And BAM there it was before me - this ice cold refreshing pint of poison. ..And I sip it and I'm waiting for that europhic moment. I'm waiting for that trickle of ecstasy and relief... ....."It tastes like metal and instantaneous regret"...I take it in with me and persist I sip it slow and stoicly (stupidly). I don't enjoy it. I'm angry at myself. But it's too late I figure. I'm back. Right where I didn't want to be. ..The film finishes and I'm straight at the bar. I order another. This one goes down a little easier. I get into a pointless conversation and this time it's glaringly obvious how full of shit we both sound and I'm finding it hard to concentrate on what he's saying because my attention is all over the place and I'm chomping at the bit for him to finish his story because OH BOY do I have a life changing theory to give him... ..and I've forgotten it when I get to speak and my mum seems happy and content chatting away so we get another drink and we're the last ones in the bar and I've got that false confidence back and I'm spilling too much information to people I haven't seen for a while and lauding them with praise and getting nostalgic whilst repeating the phrase "I'm not just saying this because I'm drunk but..." which very clearly means I was. ..and by now the place is closing and they're talking about going on somewhere else but in comparison to what I used to drink I've done 'good' and I say we aren't we're going home and we do. And I could easily convince myself that I was sensible and say 'see you drank 4 beers and then went home? You can do it?' and ignore the fact that it probably had something to do with the fact I **had** to because I was with my mother and didn't really have another option and lie to myself and pretend that urge and desire for more drinks wasn't there. ..And we *still* ended up getting a  12 Uber home which was entirely unecessasary since the tubes were still running but I was a little loose and being a good son right? ..And I *still* ended up ordering a  15 pizza when I got in that I didn't need but it was just a one off right? ..And I drank ALL the water before bed and during the night since I woke up countless times and slept awful dying of thirst (not once had I woken up in the night since I stopped drinking)...In the morning there was that all too familiar grogginess.. That reluctance to speak to anyone even my mother as I took her to her train secretly looking forward to when she was gone so I could go back to feeling bad about myself and how shitty I felt and maybe catch some shut eye on the tube straight into work. ..I requested a badge reset. I reset my sober app. I felt deflated. Disappointed. ..I hadn't even enjoyed it. I gave up my 18 days of feeling INFINITELY better for *that!?*...I waited until evening to tell my SO when she woke up on the other side of the world. .."I had a drink".."I thought you had". I felt even worse at how predictable I was. How she wasn't even mad but concerned. And *still* understanding and *still* there for me. ..I had my work Christmas dinner that evening. Did I want to drink? Hell no. Not a sot. .."You still not drinking?".."Nope"..And I didn't. And I watched them all get progressively worse. I went to the bar with them after and watched them spend  50 a pop each time at the bar ordering rounds of cocktails and waiting 10 minutes for their drinks whilst I walked round to the other side where they weren't serving and politely asked the lady solely washing glasses if I could trouble her for a glass of water? To which she obliged. And water remained my poison the entire evening. ..I watched them get incoherent make fools of themselves get aggressive tell the bouncers to fuck off. Bicker amongst themselves. Get bitchy. Get touchy feely. ..Then crash. ..I got my tube home as they got their expensive ubers. ..The next day they asked 'dear god did I make a fool of myself last night?' and I gave it to them gently. I allowed myself to be smug internally but I didn't punish them with it externally. ..I was in no position to judge. ..It served as a reminder to me that both I *can't* drink and also I *don't want* to drink. ..Nothing about my relapse was enjoyable. Nothing. ..And that's what I'll be telling myself on those days coming when it assuredly won't be as easy as it is for me today as I type this. ..I'm disappointed I relapsed. I'm also grateful. ..It was the lesson and the reminder I think I needed. ..Don't let yourself get caught off guard and if you do please please please remember that it isn't like you wistfully remember. ..It isn't pretty. .It isn't sexy. .It isn't glamourous. .It isn't worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Why does the past always seem a bit shinier when we know for a fact that it was covered in muck?  Thanks for the reminder that there really is nothing there for us in returning to the "good old days" of drinking.  Hah!
Wow!  You are really speaking directly to ME!  I've only made it 12 days but really REALLY wanted to reward myself with "one" glass of wine.  Luckily I read this first!  It especially struck me that at first it didn't even taste good to you.  I've been romanticizing that glass of wine but I'll remember your words if I get that tempted again.  Good luck on your journey!
I needed to hear this story kind of.glad you had a relapse cause you sure saved me from one. JK!!!!! ..You are so self aware and brave for getting back up and trucking on. I know exactly what you mean about that metal.taste. In another life when I tried to quit I remember drinking a pbr and thinking "this tastes like metal and apricots." Did I stop? No give me more poison...The $$$$$$...so much wasted money...Truck on you lovely Brit!
This is a great description of a relapse thank you for this post. Man especially fidgeting and not even listening to what people are saying waiting for your chance to speak. And crediting yourself for being sensible when you know it's forced sensibility. Man thanks you like gave me the experience without having to go through it myself. Great reminder.
Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.  
Good story. I've somehow gotten to the point that I don't even crave booze anymore. I hope that continues. 
Fantastic post this gave me a lot to think about. 
It sucks to learn stuff the hard way but good job recognizing the lesson.  I will not drink with you tonight...I have occasional dreams like this where I have a drink and don't even enjoy it and remember about half way through that I don't drink any more.  ..Good job getting right back to not drinking.  I am so afraid that if I start again it will be very hard for me to find Day 1.
Thanks for this. It was a good read. I'll not drink with you today.
great story. Thanks. I received a good tip on SD that said in those moments of wanting to have a drink it helps to think of it as a wave. That wave of wanting a drink WILL pass. Just give it 5-10 mins and you will come to your senses. Those cravings will come. Ya just gotta ride it out. And I am ALWAYS grateful the next morning that I was able to ride it out. 
Well put! Can definitely relate.
I really needed to read this today. I have a few social events coming up and my brain is already thinking "just one won't hurt". Thanks to your experience i'm determined to sick with the lime and sodas! ..Well done on taking the positive from this situation. I will not drink with you today! :-) 
You just really helped me by sharing your thoughts. Thank you thank you thank you. 
Thanks for sharing. We are all in the same boat... I may or may not drink tomorrow or in the future.... but I know for a fact I won't drink today. Wish you well. 
I keep thinking of special events coming up and saying "well if I can get sober for x amount of time surely I can have a glass of champagne for this holiday or share a few drinks for that friend's birthday.." but I know damn well I can't have "a glass" or "a few". I know me. I needed this reminder. Thank you. You can do this. I won't drink with you today :)
We went out to a school art exhibition this evening and I looked at the wine and just thought I don't even want that. It looked cheap and nasty (it wasn't) but I really genuinely only wanted elderflower presse because that would just be so much nicer and it wouldn't make me feel horrible. Thanks for your post - it's a good reminder. 
