-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p2367/i_need_a_relapse_success_story_im_terrified_here/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Read my 70 days sober story don't want to toot my own horn but what I feel now is a 44 year old being age 30 health and energy wise. Not feeling 50 with ailments or complains.. what more do you want? Focus on what you want to be deep in your heart. Strive to be that person one step a day. Maybe you make a misstep and have to take two steps up again but never keep track of your goal.. a better life. You only have one don't waste it!  
I fell hard 140 days ago was contemplating suicide and called a friend blasted out of my mind. He came and got me and took me back to rehab I did 23 days in there and it wasn't my first trip either. Today I feel the strongest ever I work with a sponsor attend some AA meetings I don't beat the door down unless I feel off. YOU can turn this around it really is just one day one hour even at a time. 
Congrats on getting back on the wagon! The only story I have is that I'm here after several relapses and badge resets. Sometimes I'd only make it a day or two. 32 days ago I decided I had hit my rock bottom but I'd 'only' had 3 beers the day before. I was just sick of the cycle. The first week was really hard harder than many of my other previous attempts because something was different. There were nights I was just plain depressed because I wasn't allowing myself to have a drink but boy did I ever feel great in the mornings. Still do. And it's still hard sometimes but I accept that. I let it wash over me and don't fight the feeling. It's there and that's fine but that sulky sad part of me who craves that short-term 'fix'? It's not going to win. It can talk to me all night long and sometimes it does but I'm going to bed sober and waking up happy. And I hope you do too. I will not drink with you today.
The scary thing is that each relapse is a little harder to get back up from. My last was almost the last thing I ever did in this life. The good news is you don't ever have to drink again if you don't want to. I had to make my recovery a daily and permanent part of my life. And I've never been happier. The greatest thing about undertaking sobriety is that as soon as you have even a little grasp of how it's working for you all you want to do is help make it work for someone else who is struggling. Feel free to pm any time and GOOD LUCK!
This time was really easy for me because after a certain number of relapses . . that argument to drink again just can't be won. It's over. Maybe some of us are just more experiential learners you know? My advice would be to not get caught up in the counting just enjoy your new sober life. 
