-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p2alw/i_had_to_reset_my_badge_it_so_wasnt_worth_it/

I was up to nearly 50 days and feeling great but I lost it over the holidays for the month of December and the end of November...I'm back on track in the new year now with a different state of mind. Here's some of my thoughts on my relapse hopefully will help someone else who's thinking about relapse. It definitely helps me to write it down here.....* I had to premeditate this. I felt myself slipping away from this community and from my ally friends. I take antabuse so I had to stop it for a few weeks before I could relapse. ..* I should have forced myself to be honest with y'all and with my friends but I was feeling defiant. Next time I'll tell someone as soon as even a shade of relapse thought occurs to me...* During my relapse months there were plenty of days I didn't drink at all. There were also days I drank a few drinks then stopped and there were a few multi day long binges. ..* When I drank in "moderation" at the end of the night I'd think "That night would have been just as fun without alcohol! Why did I do that?" It just wasn't worth it...* When I binged I felt terrible. I was anxious. Depressed. I got sick and needed antibiotics. I missed work. I had thoughts of death. None of this ever happens when I'm sober. That wasn't worth it either...* I lost weight quickly when I stopped drinking but I gained it back quickly when I relapsed. SO NOT WORTH IT!..* During my month-ish long relapse my skin started looking worse and my face bloated. Like overnight. It's amazing how quickly alcohol affects the body...* Before I relapsed I was obsessively counting the days. Now I reset my badge and have an app tracking the number of days but I'm just waking up every day and taking my antabuse. I'm trying not to think about it too much. Alcohol is just not an option...* I'm disappointed in myself for relapsing but all I can do is try again one day at a time. I wish I would have told someone I was thinking about relapse despite really wanting to. ..If you are reading this and thinking about relapse I hope that you will tell someone and not make my mistake. For me it just really wasn't worth it: neither in moderation or in excess. I feel so much better after these last few weeks sober again. Let's do this together. Let's not drink together.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the honesty and the share - it definitely helps me/us and it looks like it helps you too. It is an area on this community that fascinates me (1) how do people avoid relapse (their tactics and strategies) and (2) why/how do people relapse when these tactics/strategies don't work. They nearly all mention the same points you mention. "So not worth it". "Felt terrible". "Health skin relationships work dreams death guilt etc etc". Yet many of us relapse. I'm actually on Dry January but because of how good I feel and the positive impact this is having on the area of my life I really care about (my wife my daughter my health and fitness my work) I am seriously considering staying dry. It sounds like you consciously planned to come off the wagon as you made a conscious decision to stop your anti drink drug. I'd like to understand why you wanted to do that. What made you make that conscious decision despite knowing the negative impact it would cause? The  book "Naked Mind' suggests the answer is simple: alcohol is an addictive chemical. It warps our mind into thinking it will give us a good time and/or cover up pain or other issues but we all know it does the opposite yet we still relapse even when we know this. So somehow we want to get to a point where something clicks in our minds and makes us see alcohol for what it really is. Because then we won't touch it as it makes no logical sense whatsoever to drink a drug like alcohol. Dr Spock didn't and he's logical....!
Thank you for this post! I think tons of people can probably relate to this. I know I can. I heard someone say once something to the effect of "a slip doesn't happen when you take your first drink it starts way before that." It's a scary thought because somewhere in the back of my mind I feel like I will eventually get tired of fighting the battles in my mind and give in when I'm feeling weak. It's probably cliche for a reason but I guess I am starting to understand that it will probably take a daily commitment and all we can do is decide all over again "I'm not going to drink today." Thanks for sharing I'm glad you're back! Probably a little wiser and stronger for it too! So that being said I won't drink with you today :)
Thank you 
Nothing lasts forever even cold November/December rain. Welcome back.
Welcome back!  Just had to reset mine too :/  That's ok we've got to start again somewhere.  Isn't the physical bloat so surprising?  Our body just rejects alcohol.  
Thanks for sharing this!
Welcome back :) I won't drink with you. 
Your post really shows how much one learns from themselves so they can continue on stronger - and you will! Thank you for sharing!  
Thank you for sharing these insights.  I'll not drink with you.
This is the longest I've made it in years and your post is exactly what I needed to hear right now to reinforce in my mind why I chose this sober journey...It's so easy to trick myself into believing a drink or two won't hurt but the reality is it's just no longer an option for me. ..Why play with fire? I've burned myself too many times already. The fleeting pleasure is not worth guaranteed long term pain. ..Feels like the difference this time is that I've been more mindful of my subconscious and it's dirty tricks. I'm focusing on operating preemptively now...I won't drink with you today...
This rings very true for me:  "When I drank in "moderation" at the end of the night I'd think "That night would have been just as fun without alcohol! Why did I do that?" It just wasn't worth it."..Welcome back and thanks for writing your post!
Thanks for your post I recently had to reset my badge after reaching 50 days so I very much sympathise. ..&gt; When I drank in "moderation" at the end of the night I'd think "That night would have been just as fun without alcohol! Why did I do that?" It just wasn't worth it...This this a thousand times this :)
Thanks for your post. This is really helpful information. I have been feeling defiant a lot lately when people offer help or advice. I have been wondering if I am starting to think about relapse. Thanks again. I won't drink with you today. 
Been there before. I had 3 resets before so I type RS3 in front of my rant posts so to remind myself that I've been slipping 3 times and also to encourage myself that I'm trying that many times - hard. Although my slipups didn't last more than 1 day but that's enough for me to request a reset badge...Good luck to you and the honesty you're displaying - is how honest you really want to be with yourself too. 
Thanks for this post. I see some strong similarities from my relapse of last year. And like you said there are is usually plenty of warning a relapse is on the way. 
Thank you for sharing this. I won't be drinking with you today.
Thank you for posting this; it really resonated with me because this was me last year too. Binged ate and booze'd my way into a hole hated my life. I feel so much better too. I'm glad you're here. I won't drink with you today
I will not drink with you today it was my first year through the new year without it but afterwards I am so much happier with the times I had and REMEMBER!
All I can say is Thank you from the bottom of my heart because you definitely reached me. I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for sharing. I really needed this today! I will not drink with you today.
I've relapsed a zillion times and each time I relapsed I don't think anything could've stopped me once I flipped that switch in my brain to say fuck it and drink.  Some mismanagement of my emotions starts me down that path and I don't turn back no matter what.  I am prone to obessive thinking and of course compulsion is easy for me when my brain is all doped out.  I had to learn to manage my thoughts so I don't think that relapse is an option.  If I'm lonely today my thought process goes to my hobbies or something to do fun like a movie or video games where as when I was still drinking alcohol was the easiest choice so I went with it and there a zillion bars around I can go talk to strangers in.  Having a sponsor you are close with can help I've heard but I don't like being social and AA isn't for me so I manage differently.  I have a shit ton of hobbies which helps me remove that road that I don't want to go down.
Glad you are back 
Looks like you learned a lot from it.  Good for you and welcome back. 
Been there done that didn't like the results any more that you.  Worth it I guess if we've finally learned what we needed to live sober - for at least today.  
