-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pefoj/messed_up_at_day_13so_frustrated_with_myself_do/

I was so proud of myself last night went out with my husband and did not get a drink even though I really wanted one. It was the first time going out to a restaurant in a long time without ordering a drink. And for some reason the food tasted way better too!!..Tonight I was out again and debated hard and said "why not just one or two?" And even though I only drank half of my second drink I feel terrible about it. I don't know why I got it and I don't even want any more now. I feel so guilty. I worked hard for those 13 days and caved in! I can't even make it through a month! Argh!!!! (angry face!)..After trying to quit I'm realizing alcohol is everywhere and hard to get away from: restaurants family functions holidays etc. I love going out to eat and trying new places but realizing it's giving me anxiety knowing that I shouldn't get a drink but I want one. Does it get better? Maybe because I'm so used to always drinking while being out that's why I feel anxious when I don't get a drink?..I'm so frustrated with myself. How many times have you all relapsed before the cravings stop? Do they ever stop??? Does it get easier??
----------immediate responses--------

I think the most important thing is what we do after we relapse.  I messed up last night after almost 7 weeks.  Tonight I'm twice as determined not to do that again.  Sounds like you're twice as determined as well - and that's a good thing...It actually got easier after my 3rd week sober this time.  (I never made it that far before.  I think I tried and relapsed about 4 times last year.)
I have relapsed once. After 16 days. I was so mad too. I got drunk and got into a bad situation..I feel even more determined now and I think about the guilt and feeling of failure to keep going. .That being said...be kind to yourself. You're still working towards being better. It's a process. 
Sounds like you are making progress. Keep trying. Certainly do not beat yourself up over one lapse. 
I kept having cravings for about 4 weeks.  I began to replace them with other cravings.  Ice Cream candy LaCroix even a pack of smokes during that time.  I can say for me I don't really crave it but I do sometimes think about it and have a certain nostalgia for the flavors or the smells.  But so far even indulging in those characteristics of alcohol I can it hasn't tempted me to take a drink.
Try not to beat yourself up.  Just get back on the wagon and join us.  Here are a few suggestions that really helped me with the idea of being sober and resisting the cravings:.* Be 100% committed to being sober.* Educate yourself on the effects of alcohol on the brain and your health (books like "The Naked Mind" available for free download on the sidebar there.  Also "Alcohol Explained".* do all those suggestions that sound crazy!  Meditate volunteering going to meetings doing self improvement ("the 30-day Sobriety Solution" is good for that)..* Tell yourself you love you. 
Now you have a new goal: 14 days! As long as you keep beating your last record you will eventually stop drinking all together 
It does get easier. It takes time but the cravings go away. I'm a foodie and love trying new places. I know alcohol is in the building but honestly I no longer think about it and have no reaction to it being there. Kind of like my dogs bowl of food. I see it walk by it but I have no desire to eat it it's not for me. Alcohol is the same way to me it's just not for me. 
Yes the physical cravings stop...However for me at least sometimes out of nowhere the thought of a drink visits.  ..I have to be able to recall with great clarity why that notion is stupid for me....Even a free drink carries a price for me today that I cannot afford. ..With that in mind I won't drink with you all today.
