-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5piejp/anyone_use_other_substances_when_they_drink/

long story short I've been a weekend cocaine user for a few years now. It has caused me a lot of problems and a lot of money. I have a good job about to graduate and overall pretty good shape. Monday through Thursday I don't drink and focus on fitness and meditation...Once Friday hits though its the same thing as last week. Go to a couple bars get drunk score some cocaine and stay up till 5 or 6 in the morning using with other friends. Next day comes around and it makes it hard for me to progress on the goals i was working on Monday through Thursday...It's really the main reason I want to quit drinking I feel dissapointed in myself the day after and I know its not healthy...Anyone else struggle with something similar?
----------immediate responses--------

I used to do that and I loved it because when on coke I could drink indefinitely and still be coherent.  But the same exact thing happened I accomplished nothing the next days after I'd party.  Then I quit the coke and my drinking got much worse in terms of how drunk I got.  I'd black out all the time because in my mind I could still drink like when I was on coke.  I would just end up going way over board.  I tried to recondition how much I drank but it was never really the same hence why I'm part of this sub. I feel like all the coke had a much more negative effect in combination with the drinking than it ever did by itself or possibly that the coke was masking the real problem.  So many other issues with coke though like all the shadiness and how people start to act not to mention the cost.  Glad I quit I would highly recommend it.
I was never that bad with it - used it maybe 10-20x a year on some weekends. I would never ever crave the blow sober. The desire for blow would show up after 5/6 drinks. ..I would just be completely useless the next day and mostly useless the day after. I drank in semi-moderation during the week usually. ..When I calculated the number of wasted days the money and the negative impact on my mental health not doing blow just made sense. I had some fun with it it stopped being fun happy to be sober now and accomplish more things....When you look back on your life you want it to be other things that stood out not the fact that you 'knew how to party'....
I can sympathize definitely... I use my Adderall responsibly (as prescribed) when I'm sober but as soon as I'm on about drink 4 I start eating them like candy which also means I go from drink 4 to drink 14. Stimulants and alcohol are bad news. Too good together. Too dangerous.
Yup.  Sure have.
This was me for a long time except I had no goals and my life was an utter disaster and I didn't care. The drinking and drugs absolutely went hand in hand. 
Booze -&gt; Weed =&gt; Porn were my usual addictive substances of choice.
The cocaine/alcohol combination is particularly insidious because once inside the human body they combine to form [a third highly addictive psychoactive drug called Cocaethylene.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocaethylene)..This is the reason this drug combo blindsides so many; thinking they are using two drugs when they were actually using three...
