-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pmodm/the_norum_diaries_day_1/

This isn't my first time starting to stop it's a road I've known all too well. Streaks come and go but the struggle for sobriety is eternal. What I have learned though after a decade of intoxication is that a consistent good habit will become your new best friend. If I try to get that inner turmoil out of my head and into the social cloud then maybe I'll have a real shot this time...Gifts of alcohol are a Trojan horse of bad decisions. Your cousin gives you a handle of your favorite vodka as a Christmas gift and you say to yourself that you're just going to savor it for special occasions and less than a month later it's mostly gone and you've already busted into a rack of Miller High Lite and you've got half a bottle of Captain Morgan's in the freezer that you never remember taking home. And what do you have to show for this month of so-called fun? A lighter wallet a heavier gut fewer memories and more problems staring you in the face. You chase the problem thinking that maybe this is like mathematics and two negatives could make a positive but you just can't get the two to quite add up...And that's where I ended up functioning without really functioning. I was getting to work I was living my life and getting by but feeling sick all the time physically and spiritually had become my new normal. I avoided law enforcement because I knew all the little tricks that would help me out whenever I did something illegal but how much of that borrowed time left could I live on? Every day I did another stupid thing I was getting closer and closer to hitting the stupid prize jackpot for playing stupid games...So I did it today and grabbed everything that was left and dumped it into the sink. The vodka? Gone. The beer? Gone. The rum? Gone. It all went down the drain like all of the time I had wasted on doing nothing and chasing a sensation...So now I'm back nervous anxious and scared because I've taken the thorny path before and I know how hard it can be. But if I keep writing it out if I keep pushing then I know I can do this. As they say in the SEALs the only easy day was yesterday...If corny pretentious monologues are the key to saving my own life then I probably shouldn't quibble on the method. If anyone is reading this I'm going to make it you're going to make it hell we're all going to make it. Never let your own victories defeat you...-J-..01/23/2017
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post! Relatable well written and insightful. You're mathematic analogy perfectly sums it up...I hope you keep posting you've got a talent for it.
Good shout on pouring the leftover poison down the drain. I don't know how people manage to remain sober having it in the house that's playing on hard mode! ..Look forward to reading your updates. I will not drink with you today. x
Nothing posted on here is a corny pretentious monologue.  Stay strong.
&gt; It all went down the drain like all of the time I had wasted on doing nothing and chasing a sensation...Sometimes you hear something you already knew worded in a way that just makes it even more clear and obvious.  Very well-written welcome and congratulations on making this decision to be a happier and healthier you!  I look forward to reading more of your posts and I will not drink with you today!
