-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pmup9/struggling_to_stop/

Hi I am not sure I am doing this right but I am trying to quit drinking. It has been a problem for a many years close to 20 and my mom has terminal cancer. I am also battling depression and struggle just to get out of bed some days. I am afraid drinking is going to cause me to lose my job my house my relationship with my family and ultimately my life. I had a couple of months in 2015 but have been struggling since. I am afraid I am not going to be able to stop although I am not giving up yet but I am so tired of trying to fight this I can't fight much more.
----------immediate responses--------

It's tough to discern alcoholism from problem drinking at such a young age. But the things you're worried about losing are certainly common casualties of the alcoholic. You are wise to recognize it now and there's lots of helpful information on what to look at next on this sub. Good luck!
Hi! So glad you're taking the time and have the courage to post here! That in itself is a huge first step it's a real accomplishment. I am so sorry for your struggle with depression I am bipolar and even though our situations probably differ I can at least relate to what you mean that it's a struggle just to get out of bed. Extremely sorry for your mom as well I can't imagine what it's like going through that. ..Know that you have lots of people wanting to support you on Stopdrinking. I really think you're super brave for taking this first step to post keep posting and sharing your situation! Browsing the forum gave me lots of tips in how to approach getting sober and it gave me a lot of reassurance that I'm doing the right thing for myself I really hope it can do the same for you too. 
Hi!  I'm glad you're here I'm also new to this and I have also had sober time (many years ago) followed by years of drinking...I have decided to not fight any more but simply to accept that I am an alcoholic and I can't drink like normal people.  I don't know if that's forever but I do know that it's the case today so for today I'm not going to drink...I have come very close to losing all of those things and I have been lucky enough to hold on to my family and my job but I also ran away from a lot of places and jobs when the battle got too tough...I'm not going to run any more so what I do is wake up every day make a coffee and start reading here.  It's got me this far and I am starting to feel more alert less miserable and far less guilty.  As a secret drinker I no longer have anything to hide from my wife my work colleagues or anyone else and it is as though a weight has been lifted from me...I am an alcoholic lots of people are it's nothing to be ashamed of and if you can find someone else to open up to (whether that's AA SMART this community or any other place you can unload some of your worries) I can guarantee that you will get more support than you ever imagined!..You're not alone and I for one will not drink with you today!
Depression is a real dick. I can't promise what will happen but my own depressive tendencies and issues with anxiety have improved markedly since quitting. I still struggle and I know there will be ups and downs as I continue but it is definitely better. ..May I suggest in regards to your mother that you record a lot? My friend lost both parents not long ago and that is something they wish they had done more of. I am sorry to hear about your mother. I hope you get through without losing anything else. Take care
Glad you're here.  Welcome.  Lot's of support and resources...Sorry to hear about your mom.  Sending hugs...Alcohol is a depressant so always created an increasing cycle of depression for me...I spoke to a counselor.  She was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I went and got support from people who understood what I was experiencing.  I found tools resources and fellowship to help me stop and learn to live sober...I've never been happier!..I hope to hear more about your progress.
