-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pvmsn/what_helped_me_quit_drinking/

Hi everyone. I know this may be very controversial but I decided to share this anyway. I used to drink every day. I could go sober all day (which wasn't very easy) but it was always comforting that I knew that at the end of the day I would drink. I tried to tell myself on few occasions that I wouldn't drink today and just the idea of not having that drink would make me miserable. I couldn't bear that thought that I would go to bed sober. That was the most difficult part for me and I don't know if I could quit drinking if it wasn't for .... weed. I don't smoke during the day at all. I only have that one little " puff" just before I go to bed. I no longer think about alkohol  and quiting drinking was suprisingly easy. I don't suffer from anxiety and having alkohol at home doesn't bother me. Not even once I felt urge to open that can of beer in my fridge. I know smoking weed is harmful and replacing one bad habit with another bad habit isn't a solution but in my opinion if you struggling to quit drinking or find it extremly difficult you might want to try this. At the end of the day anything is better for you than alkohol. I appologise if anyone is offended by this post it wasn't my intention. I really think this could help a lot of people. Good luck and stay sober. I know I will
----------immediate responses--------

I think this is fairly common actually. I've heard it referred to as the "Marijuana maintenance plan". I'm neutral on it; unfortunately weed makes me anxious and paranoid so I doubt I'd benefit from it :) One caution I've heard from some people is that their decision-making skills can get impaired and they think that having one drink is ok whilst under the influence of MJ. That seems like it could be a big pitfall to some. Best wishes!
In my experience weed helped a little in the beginning - but was for me just as dangerous because I was still escaping my life for a promise that was not true.  ..In the end I had to give up all intoxicants and what helped me in evenings was going to meetings.  Yeah not for everyone and I thought not for me - but it worked.  I discovered I'm not as special as I thought I was...
I think you realise that weed isn't a magical herb without downsides and I would still urge you to be careful but I also agree with you that it can be preferable to alcohol. As opposed to with alcohol there is no such thing as OD'ing on weed there is no such thing as lethal weed withdrawals and I've never witnessed a stoned fight break out...Maybe weed can be a temporary solution for some people.
Weed has helped me too. I don't use it every day (only a couple times a week usually) but find that I don't overdo it the way I do with alcohol; I know when to stop and don't want more once I feel it hitting. I also don't turn into a reckless asshole like I sometimes do with booze...Eventually I'll probably phase it out but it's definitely a lesser of two evils IMO if you can use it responsibly. 
I don't think anything is wrong with that.  Everyone's journey including the reason they started this journey is different.  For me I knew that alcohol has always been the one thing I knew I needed to stop.  Not only for health reasons but it made me feel bad knowing that they way I drank wasn't "normal".  If I decide later to stop smoking weed I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.  For now I am focusing on alcohol and enjoying not being hungover and looking bad and haggard.
Quitting weed brought me here...so yea
FWIW - High CBD weed is better than high TCH weed for calming down.
This has worked for me as well. Before I stopped drinking I would hit the pipe every once in a while but for the last couple of weeks it's been every night. I'm not too concerned about it to be honest. Eventually I'd like to dial back but for now I'm just thrilled to be off of booze.
