-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pxvqd/glowing/

For the last several days or week every time I've looked in the mirror I've been surprised at how alive my face looks. I've struggled with breakouts and complexion problems my whole life even as an adult and in recent months I've begun to see my face aging. I turned 30 about 2 months ago and I kept thinking "Ugh getting old here we go." But since being sober I've noticed a youthful glow coming back that I had really been missing...On top of that for the past few days my SO has been complimenting me nonstop. He keeps remarking on how beautiful I look. I took the day off work yesterday and we spent the day together and he commented on how great I looked the whole day. I don't even think it's just my complexion that's improved but the way I carry myself. I feel tons more confident and positive than I did just a month ago and it's noticeable from the outside...I pretty much just can't stop smiling...EDIT: Thanks to everyone who commented showing support and thanks so much to everyone on this community! I really don't think I would have lasted 23 days if I hadn't found this sub and now my dry-January goal is transforming into an at-least-3-months-sober goal and then see what comes next!
----------immediate responses--------

all that is wonderful!
[removed]
Way to go! I'm sure you're radiant! ..I have gotten a lot of "you look younger" since I quit. It's nice! My skin looks healthier my hair stopped falling out there's a sparkle in my eye that's been gone for years! ..Keep it up!
I am so happy for you!  I'm looking forward to feeling and looking great again too.  Congratulations!
That is awesome!  
It seems sobriety looks great on you!...Congrats!
This is so lovely. Congratulations on staying sober it obviously suits you x
we have nearly the same amount of days and i've noticed my skin clearing up too! so nice to see a tangible benefit of sobriety (among the many others). keep up the good work!! xx
great to hear! 3 months is a wonderful goal imo. To be honest my goal wasn't to give up alcohol forever. I had it in the back of my mind I would drink again. But sober living really sold it to me. I would hate to give up this new way of life for a cheap thrill...actually an expensive thrill that feels cheap.
I don't know if it's the clear skin and eyes lack of puffiness or something internal radiating outward but everyone seems to respond more positively to me now that I'm sober.  Strangers smiling at me in the grocery store... maybe because I'm smiling at them?
I love your focus on the positive. Keep going! You can't get that youthful glow from a bottle... it's all YOU!
O the many benefits of sobriety :) Sounds like you've had a pretty dam good month here's hoping it continues. 
