-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q4018/back_at_it_with_4_days_in_the_bag_heres_what_is/

This time feels really different. No earth-shattering rock bottom stories to share; although there certainly was an emotional bottom...I am by nature an anally retentive person. I am quite good at overthinking things and procrastinating by planning. I typically have around seven long-term goals i'm working toward every day. I juggle these goals amongst being married with a one year old...This time around at getting sober I've decided to drop all of these goals except for one: get and stay sober. I'm still allowed to pursue other goals i just can't write them down. The most important thing for this first 30 days will be to do whatever the hell i feel like doing so long as it contributes to the only goal i have. After 30 days I'll determine where i want to go next in terms of including taking on more. ..Also although i may not totally buy-in to idea that i am a full-blown alcoholic (that constant back-and-forth of "what _is_ an alcoholic anyway?") I am still referring to myself and using terms like "relapse" "addict" and "suffering". These words help frame the problem for what it really is in my mind...I have really found these two things to be very helpful so far...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!  I've never found labels to be helpful either.  I just know what I don't want to do today and that's not drink.  I won't drink with you today!
congrats on your four days - any day sober is a good day in my books ..as far as thinking about alcoholism - i have no trouble telling people i am an alcoholic and that i dont drink anything with alcohol ..my background is with a family full of alcoholics children of alcoholics caretakers enablers etc - you name it - i have a family member like that - as a teen i had a clear road map of where i was headed - towards lifelong alcoholism - i had lots of help earlier on and got off that track early and so never had the tragic storyline of a long time addict - i was very fortunate and the longer i say sober the more i realize how lucky i was ..at first i stayed away from calling myself alcoholic or tried to steer conversations away from alcohol just so i didnt have to admit to anyone in public that i dont or cant drink alcohol - its been just over 20 years sober for me now and over the past few years ive come to realize - admitting you are an alcoholic is not such a big deal - as a matter of fact ive found that admitting it to myself and especially to others it has been very liberating - i dont have to hide my identity anymore i dont have to skirt conversations i dont have to steer away from the topic i no longer have to be self conscious and be afraid that people will think less of me - im an alcoholic and i dont drink alcohol ..the other thing that i noticed happening is that it becomes a social filter in your life - once i started to admit it in public - the friends or associates i had who still drink and may or may not have a problem with drinking started to drift away - others who wanted to do something about their drinking became more open - and those friends who supported me the most became closer - and the ones who were the most dangerous to my soberiety became more distant ..im much happier now - i can sit in a restaurant and if someone who doesnt know me asks me for a drink - im comfortable enough to say i dont drink alcohol and if they ask why - i say im an alcoholic a recovered alcoholic - ive even met a few people who pushed the subject because they lived in a world full of drinking and i will start a conversation about alcoholism and how i am recovering from it - it makes people think about themselves and i like to think that that is a good thing 
What is an alcoholic? Big question. Perhaps it is when behaviours and choices around alcohol impact one's health and relationships...Perhaps it is the compulsive consumption of alcohol at accelerated rates compared to 'normal' drinkers. Consumption that is all or partially concealed by hiding bottles etc. I used to plan my next drink before I was half way through my current drink...Perhaps it is when the lack of alcohol causes withdrawal symptoms.
I'm doing the same thing! I've given myself 30 days where I can do whatever the hell I like as long as I don't drink (or smoke). My sober stint before this was the longest I've ever gone (9 days) and I believe the reason I relapsed was because I was trying too much too soon...I've also read 30 days is a good watermark for forming new habits...Good luck on your 30 days! I'll be just ahead of you :)
