-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qmq3i/you_guys_make_it_not_seem_impossible/

I definitely have a problem with drinking and I just spent 11 days sober and while it didn't solve all my problems I definitely felt healthier and the emotions I felt about things going on in my life became less intense over the course of that brief time. And my appetite came back!  But those first few days were intense waking up soaked in sweat every hour and having crazy intense vivid dreams... I'm sure you all know. ..I'm not sure I'm ready to quit drinking altogether but taking a break is definitely important to me. And reading this sub makes it seem so much easier and more doable than I'd imagined. You guys are awesome and so supportive even when people relapse and that means a lot to me as a lurker. The before and after pics in particular are overwhelming. It makes getting my life together seem really within reach 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd been lurking here for some time before I decided to quit and one of the things that helped me was seeing that other people had made the change. I reasoned that I wasn't so different and could make the change too. When I first stopped it was only "for a while" - 30 days for sure 90 days at a stretch 6 months seemed a lifetime and forever seemed unimaginable (plus I thought it would suck)! As time passed after a few months sober my perspectives changed and remaining sober became not only imaginable but something I want to keep committed to.
It's imminently doable!..If you did 11 days you've proven you can do it.  I think the world record for sobriety is 24 hours and you've matched it 11 times!..Once I knew I could stop one day I just needed structure and support...I spoke to a counselor and she was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I went and found support from people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and fellowship.  I've never been happier!..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
The best thing about so many new members is the opportunity to say welcome and mean it so sincerely.  If you decide to stop for a month three months a year or the rest of your life it's your decision.  But I can assure you that as a drinker with some 30years of high level experience my decision to stop and stay stopped was the best thing I have ever done.  I do not regret it ever I have no desire to drink though to be fair I do still consume a lot of sugar in lieu of alcoholSo i am not totallly addiction free but I am most definitely alcohol free and it makes a world of difference to my life.  What ever you choose we are here to support encourage motivate inspire and to remind you can get sober and be happy about it. Best of wishes for your quest.
Ps I gave up wine and cigarettes on the same day.  It was the easiest option for me they went hand in hand twin poisons disguised as pleasure I don't regret giving up either but at the time I thought that life as I knew it was never going to be fun again I would never be fun again....but that not true.....I may not be the life of the party but I am a calm centred positive person that I like when I look in the mirror...and that makes it all worthwhile
I'm with you. This is the longest I've gone without a drink in maybe like 10 years 
Not impossible 
