-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qo7ba/my_reflection_one_week_sober/

It took me years to admit I had a problem and it will take me a lifetime to fight the urge of addiction.  The last two years things really went south though.  I realized I truly had a problem when during those two years I relapsed majorly twice trying to stop...Things I never want to do again:..--Go to work hungover and as a result be irritable and antisocial with my co-workers.  I've hurt feelings without wanting to or really meaning to...--Have crappy work performance and make mistakes because I'm too tired to really focus and/or take the necessary time to do something not half assed...--Avoid my friends and family and as a result treat them terribly because I'd rather be antisocial by staying in and not being sober...--Spend a ridiculous amount of money on this habit.  Making myself worry about how I'm going to pay for everything I need and never saving anything for anything real like traveling let alone new clothes I need and other things that may come up...--Irrational thinking from never being sober.  It would cause paranoia I swear...--Ignoring my pets and not giving them the attention they deserve...--Heck I didn't even celebrate the holidays last year because I'd rather stay in and get wasted alone.  I reached an all time level of pathetic.  Missing out on life...--Gaining a ton of weight from eating nothing but takeout and processed junk.  So much sugar.  It was all I wanted.  Cooking was too much effort when not sober...--Lying to people and living a double life hiding my habit...--Worrying about my health.  Wondering all the time if I was killing myself and doing irreversible damage to my body...--Not taking good care of my teeth because I would pass out without brushing them all the time...--The wasted time...oh God the wasted time.  I never did anything else.  Never read books anymore creating art went out the window etc.  I was existing and not living...and barely existing...I never want to go back.  I hope that desire carries me this time.  It was Hell but I know sometimes Hell is shiny...
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here! I really want to get to a week! Congrats:)
I'm right there with you on all those points!!! I will not drink with you today!!! Great job recognizing these!!
I claim this "Post of the Day" as I experienced all of what you wrote and never want to go back.  Congrats on your first week!  I can tell you it keeps getting better and a heck of a lot easier.  I occasionally may have bad hours or a bad day here and there; but when I was drinking I had bad years.  Keep fighting the good fight!
Good list. I was there too and I'm not going back. I also won't be drinking with you today...Like the Carrie Fisher quote that got replayed recently "Sometimes you can only find heaven by slowly backing away from hell."  Congratulations on your sober week.
I could have made much of this list. I don't want to go back either. I will not drink with you today.
I feel exactly the same. I could've written this. Tomorrow is my 1 week! I feel so much better and I've lost 9 lbs since then. I feel amazing! But I still am fighting the urge once it's mid afternoon :/ hoping I stay strong because it's a completely different life this week than one before. 
Awesome!! Sounds like you are doing great I'm almost there. Not drinking with you today.
Well you're here now. That is what matters now. Plusyou've snag post of the day. A definite NDVwill not drink with you today!
