-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qr91g/just_needed_to_write_out_my_addiction_cravings/

I went out a few times last week and struggled greatly with being around alcohol.  Tonight I stayed in but got a few texts about booze.  I just wanted to write out here what the pressure of alcohol addiction feels like just to get it out of my system and write it down...I am having a normal day and then I see or smell a cocktail...Boom my eyes feel like they sink back into my head almost like they are trying to hide behind my forehead.  I can't think clearly the only singuliar thought in my head is of alcohol.  My body gets very warm.  I feel a slight pulse in my forehead.  I begin to feel a loss of my bodily functions.  At this point anyone can get me to do anything I am literally boundryless.  If someone says something I will believe it if they ask me to do it I will if they tell me to do something I will do it.  I am a literal open book that is filled with whatever comes its way...IF I decide to drink after this craving my body begins to shutdown cordination and boundries shut down even further my voice and actions become louder and my morals and judgements feel as if they will never have a consequence.  I express emotions wildly and freely and get uncomfortably close to people and invade their private space.  I think I am more attractive then I am and instantly believe every women on earth is in love with me.  My money and credit card balance do not matter as I can pay it off in the future.  I don't care about anything but more beer people liking me and banging any vagina within a 30000 mile radius.  At the end of the night I will not say goodbye to anyone I will try to bring home whoever is desperate and steal everything I can on the way out that is possible without getting caught and I will judge any and everyone at first sight without even knowing them.  I will leave a shitty tip to the taxi driver and again try to steal anything I can on the way home from traffic cones to mailboxes.  In my bed alone at night I will try to text a few women I know who are damaged souls and I will possibly send a dick pic or 2 to entice them to see how awesome I am.  Then I will probably jerk off to some dom or shemale porn toss the towel away and pass out till 2 pm.  At which point I will say "never again" I will barely get through the work week and then once again repeat everything above for the next 30 years...Phew......deep exhale needed to get that out.  Thank you for being here everyone who has supported and helped me along the way. I will not drink with you all tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

What a great post so honest. The late night texting thing was so me only I'm female texting male 'friends'  although I could of been a man cause I was such a dick...You are doing so well!!   I will not drink with you tonight....or text! 
Id Save this.  Id Read it every day.  Id Read it every 20mn.  This is the truth.  The real truth.  When thinking about all the great things alcohol does and how great of a night i will have how much fun it's going to be; this is how it's really going to end...I'll not drink with you today.
50 days today! Congrats patty ice. I'm not drinking with you today.
I have been off here for a few days but I'm back and I'm glad I found this one...I love the honesty! You are fucking awesome Patrick.
