-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qz1dl/16_sober_weekends/

Tonight my 16th sober weekend comes to a close. .It has been one hell of a journey but i couldnt be happier and honestly i feel so excited about my sober future. ..This weekend i got to wake up early saturday morning (HANGOVER FREE!!) & make breakfast with my son and hang out and play until my fianc   woke up and we could go scootering/longboarding together for a few hrs. ..Spent late morning and all early afternoon longboarding and scooting with our son and not once did i have to worry if i had enough beers.. Or take a break to chug a drink or two. Or feel guilty that my son was scootering while I was trying to catch a buzz. ..I was all up in the action! ..Then we went home and once it got dark had a glow stick party... I just felt so happy seeing how much fun my son was having and then I felt so terrible realizing all the saturday nights I've wasted drinking instead of making fun memories with him. All the times he was just in the background and my main focus was a drink. He's only three so i hope that he doesnt remeber that and just remebers us this way. Fully focused on him and loving life. ..Then this morning I was able to get up at 5:30 so we could hit the road at 6am to go snowboarding. Hangover free!!! ..I had so much energy. My fianc  and son snuggled up to nap in the back seat and I drove. It's a 2.5 hr drive. I got to watch the sun come up around mt rainer. It was absolutely beautiful. I had no hangover I felt 100 percent present in the moment just soaking in the beauty of it while I drove. .Spent the day switching between snowboarding and helping my son ski. Felt fantastic. I remeber in previous years spending a lot of time figureing out when to have a drink. Should i go to the bar? Was I sneaking a few into my coat on the lift? I was always drinking and snowboarding..I was so scared at the beginning of the season that i wouldnt be able to seperate snowboarding and drinking. But guess what? ..Snowboarding sober is SO MUCH BETTER!!! ..I've learned a lot about myself in these past weeks I think the biggest thing is that i drink because I'm scared. ..Most of the time the fear is irrational but even if its not what is drinking going to fix? ..I've been forcing myself to try things I'm  scared of. And every day I learn that maybe i just have to accept fear as something thats apart of my life and stop letting it call the shots. ..Sorry for all the ramblings. ..I've spent a lot of time crying and wondering if I'll ever start feeling better. I've spent time hating myself for the things i did and person i became while drinking. But this weekend? This weekend it seemed like a little reminder that it is worth it. The tears the struggle   the dedication. ...Sobriety is worth it... .We are all worth it....I will not drink with you tonight :)  ..P.s. sorry if the formatting is wonky. I'm on my phone. .........
----------immediate responses--------

Wow great to hear :) Congratulations on 16 weekends.
That's so lovely thanks for sharing. Snow &amp; glowsticks sounds magical! As the days go by my list of Things-which-are-actually-way-better-Sober is stacking up as I rediscover all the stuff I used to enjoy before I started numbing my body &amp; brain every day. I won't drink with you today!
Great words. So glad you posted. I look forward to being on your day count.
Great job on 16 sober weekends! It sounds like you and your family had a lovely time this past weekend. ..Fellow snowboarder here - haven't hit the slopes since before I got sober. I can only imagine how awesome it is to board sober!! Thank you for inspiring me :).
Thank you for this post. I've been having a hard time lately and I hadn't thought about my stretch of sobriety in terms of weekends (or weeks before). Perhaps because I'm only at 4 weeks. ..I'm heading towards 30 days and my head is starting to say "30 days is a good run. why not have a drink?" But 4 weekends doesn't sound nearly long enough. 
Thank you so much for posting.  I needed this.
