-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r5nqo/i_could_use_some_help/

Sorry to be a downer guys but I'm really struggling today. My dad's funeral is coming up in the next few weeks and the closer it gets the worse I feel. Nothing would feel better than a drink or 10 but I know that does nothing to help me process how I truly feel and work through it. I've been 9 days sober and I would hate to wreck it and disappoint my dad even if he's not around. I just wanted to get that out there and tell someone. Thanks for listening guys....Even if things feel low right now I still won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really sorry this is such a tough time for you. I won't drink with you today.
It's very understandable that this time is such a struggle. You're doing a good thing for yourself and him by staying sober right now. Congratulations on your ability to come here and write this instead of the liquor store. I'm very sorry for your loss and will not drink with you today.
thanks for sharing this...Very sorry you lost your father..Not drinking sounds like the right choice 
When my Dad died suddenly and unexpectedly a couple years ago I realized I could toss my sobriety and make his passing a whole lot worse for the rest of my family who needed me for solace and comfort.  Instead of making things worse and adding worry about my well being to my family's grief I stayed sober and was present to help my Mom and her grandkids through a tough time.  It really wasn't about me after all.
I used my mothers passing as a way to validate my self harm via drinking you're a brave person and it's honorable to battle so hard during a terrible time. Sending love and peace your way    
I'm so sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing with us. You are strong and you have so much support here - we are all here with you!  Keep reaching out. I've never used the chat room function but I've heard it's great when you need immediate support. Hang in there! 
