-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ra7hb/we_made_it_dry_january_down/

A big CONGRATS to everyone who embarked on dry January! Whether you relapsed and got back on the horse made it the whole month without a drop or relapsed and are now considering getting sober again even just THINKING about doing a whole month sober is something to be proud of...Personally I haven't gone this long without a drink in probably about a decade and I couldn't be happier about it. I've struggled with anxiety depression insomnia and poor sleep quality low energy social anxiety poor self esteem and more. Stopping drinking has without a doubt improved each one of these areas. Don't get me wrong I still have things to work on but that's just it: I'm actually working on them now...In addition to the psychological and physical benefits in the past month I've started taking care of my nails again taken better care of my hair and skin learned how to iron bought a carpet cleaner and shampooed my carpet for the first time and tried out different green juice recipes with my SO's juicer which I had never used before. At first glance none of these things seem related to drinking but I'm fairly convinced I wouldn't have done any of the above if I had been stuck on my drinking routine. My evenings revolved around alcohol. My mornings revolved around nursing my hangover. My afternoons revolved around counting down the minutes until I could start drinking. Deep down though I wanted to do other things with myself. I wanted to draw and paint again. I wanted to form deep meaningful friendships. I wanted to *really* watch a good movie not just get buzzed in front of the screen. I wanted to read more. I wanted to experiment in the kitchen and pamper myself and take care of my apartment...For all these reasons and more I've decided to give myself a new goal of 100 days sober. I'm open to trying out moderation at some point but I'm also open to staying sober from here on out. I'm taking it one step at a time and simply loving this path too much to step away right now...Love and hugs to everyone on here. You all have made my month.
----------immediate responses--------

so great! please keep us posted.
Wow sounds like way too many positives. I would imagine you will be ready for Dry Life. I will join you. 
I'm on the same path and moderation is calling to me with that "heck man you made it a month sober you obviously don't have a problem."..I think it's lying to me...Like you I look at all the things I've filled my life with now (very similar to your list - with the addition of self-compassion meditation which is a huge help to me) and I wonder why I want to fill my time with alcohol which I cannot prove has added any value to my life in any way...One day at a time I guess...I think I want to try for 100 days too. Obviously I'm too scared to commit to it at the moment so I'll have to work through that first ;)
I like how you point out that even "thinking" about being sober is an accomplishment. Only addicts like us can understand the logic behind that idea. ..Near the end before I quit I had a hard time even imagining my life without alcohol I never thought I would be able to survive without it it became so much a part of my life it was as if I was losing someone close to me when I quit. The very thought of not drinking scared the hell outta me. ..All that is nonsense though you can quit and it WILL be much better and you will be better off than before. Healthy whole happy and able to do whatever you want the world is yours to take! You're not chained down anymore you are free!..Congrats on quitting and I am with you 100% on your new goal :)
Huge congrats to you!
Right on! What a great post! Almost could have written this one myself. Funny how once you get some sobriety your passion for things forgotten (like old hobbies) comes back again. It is like seeing your old friends after a very long time away. 
you're bold! it's only mid afternoon where i am. :)
Wooohooo! Congrats to you from a fellow Dry Jan person. My next goal is 100 days as well!! :)
&gt; At first glance none of these things seem related to drinking but I'm fairly convinced I wouldn't have done any of the above if I had been stuck on my drinking routine. **My evenings revolved around alcohol. My mornings revolved around nursing my hangover. My afternoons revolved around counting down the minutes until I could start drinking.**..Remember you wrote this when you think about moderating...I will be 40 this year and I have never been sober this long (it will be 9 months on Sunday) ..There is a reason I am 40 and working on my 9th month of sobriety. Because every time over the last 20 years I went 306090 days I would feel good I would have caught up on some debts I would have rearranged my home cleaned the car you name it and a little voice in the back of my head would go "Hey man you got this you can have a glass of wine tonight at dinner and you can moderate it"..And a few days later I would be drinking 2 bottles of wine a night and going to the bar and switching to bourbon or if it was when I was married to my ex-wife 2 bottles of wine and stealing shots with the bourbon I had hidden in the garage...I did that to many times to count. Seriously. And my last 3 year bender cost me dearly..
I started out last year on a Dry January. It was the third time I'd done it. On the 2 other occasions I gradually went back to drinking. I hoped I could learn to moderate. I failed...During last year's I discovered this sub. People here helped me realise that if I wanted to continue feeling the benefits of not drinking I had to continue. As it wasn't my initial intention to quit for good I spent the next couple of months slowly accepting it. Mind you I can reverse the decision anytime I want to right?..As time goes on I gradually grow increasingly proud of my sobriety. It becomes easier. I no longer think about wanting to drink at all. It just doesn't appeal to me any longer. ..For those completing your first month I'd say carry on. Your future self *will* thank you for it.
Dropped two inches off my waist in 30 days. Why would I stop? Beach body here I come.
Great results all around!  I'm proud of you those are all great achievements.  I wish you continued success and a steady climb to 100.
I'm so happy because like a lot of you this is the longest I've ever gone not drinking probably since I started drinking!  I feel really good and happy I finally made the decision to stop.
Kudos to us for we are awesome!..I'm also keeping it rolling.. going another month!  Fuck yeah!  ..Honestly when I think about going to be drinking.. even "moderately"..  it's tempting on some level but my main feeling is "why bother?"  I'm finally carving out some time for myself don't need booze to fuck it up...Shine on you craaazyy diamonds!
Yeah the being able to go to the theater and sit down and enjoy the movie is nice. Can't tell you how many times I wanted to go see a movie but blew it off because I was either too hungover or would just end up going to the bar instead. The few times I did go to the movies I usually snuck a flask into the theater and dumped it into my $10 cup of coke. Was more interested in sucking down the drink then really paying attention to the movie. Or when I went to see Rogue One in 3d while hungover. Ended up having to get up halfway through the movie to splash water in my face in the bathroom because the 3d was making me dizzy and nauseous. Ended up missing the whole part of Darth Vader in his lair. 
Great job!  I'll go 100 days with you.
We did it good work everyone!
Congrats on a month! Definitely something to be proud of! 
Sweet! Good job.
I did it too!
Yeah us!  I forgot Feb was tomorrow.  Great work everyone. 
Did 26 of the 31 days which I admit was my initial plan due to an inconvenient birthday...My impressions of the month (and it had been 30 years since I even did 5 days much less 25):..- My life is OK if I don't drink.- No powerful cravings.- I missed going out for a meal and some wine on weekends..I now have a month of international business travel (coming to the US) and corporate functions my plan is to do a full month in March and after that who knows?..I've always been somewhat moderate 4-5 beers a night sort of guy but far too regular dry Jan taught me life is fine without alcohol..
Congratulations to you as well! I know I'm proud of myself and the rest of you! This is the longest I've gone without a drop in a very long time I'm with you next goal 100 days. Let's see... that is April 10th see ya then but my game plan is one day at a time! 
We did it!! Here's to February also being dry:)
Congrats on your 30 day mark! I'm absolutely stunned I'm at 68 days... and counting. :) Keep up the hard work and just keep riding the sober wave. 
Good job everyone! 
Good job everyone and thanks op. ..
Congratulations to everyone in this post! Nice to see so many made it. Have a little extra pie. :) 
Dry January? Didn't know that was the thing but I did it anyways. Let's not drink together in February as well. I loved how my dry January was.
I almost made it. Resetting and going for it again in February. Even making it 29 days in January was more than I've done in 20 years so still a win in my book. 
Congratulations!!
Congrats OP! My last drink was on New Years Eve. Never thought I'd be able to go a whole month before today my longest stretch sober was 15 days. Things seemed to get weirdly easier around day 20. The cravings were lessened and I was thinking about alcohol less. I don't want to get cocky or take it for granted but these last 11 days have been a bit of a breeze really gives me hope that the longer I can go without a drink the easier it'll get to sustain.
Congratulations everyone! :D .Let's keep going indeed! Not drinking with you today!
Love this post! Thank you and congrats to you!
