-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rahjj/im_scared_of_future_social_events/

Cut a long story short I have a hideous relationship with alcohol where I am your pretty much every day person but I have an issue with binge drinking (on the times I do drink) which has led to over ten years of awful decisions a lot of recreational drug taking and broken relationships.  A lot of blacking out and making an arse of myself too.  I suffer from a severe anxiety disorder and after several attempts of giving up i'm on it for the long haul now. My two pregnancies I was 100% sober but since I was 17 I have gone through spells of completely going on self destruct mode which each time leaves me with less friends worse mental health issues and self hating.I have a good job and a good family and on the outside I am absolutely normal. This is definitely an internal struggle of years of self hatred and abuse. ..Anyway that's my background haha now the point of this thread is because I have a few social occasions coming up in Feb. I am visiting family in the town I spent my teenage years and it is the epicentre of all the bad destructive times I have had in the past. This and a couple of parties due to a friends engagement and I'm worried sick about the pressure to drink teamed with the social anxiety of being in "the epicentre". ..How have you all got through those first few social occasions? Is it as simple as just being firm with saying no...am I making a mountain out of a molehill? ..
----------immediate responses--------

I think that for many of us our underlying emotional issues are what fueled the drinking in the first place.  It's understandable that going back to the epicentre as you put it would be unnerving...One thought - tell at least one person in every group you get together with that you won't be drinking.  That helps hold me accountable...Last thought - you got through your pregnancies without drinking because you KNEW it would be bad for you and your unborn child.  From what you've written it sounds like you know it would be bad for you and those in your life if you were to pick up the bottle again.
I've been to a few social events since quitting and tbh there wasn't as much pressure as I thought in my head there would be. I think I made myself drink a lot in these situations because I wanted to. ..But the first thing I do is grab a NA drink preferably in a solo cup so when they ask I just say got one. Other than that just say I'm not drinking today. 
I have this in a MASSIVE dose and so does a good pal who stopped drinking for a month and has pronounced social anxiety/depression...It is both a mountain and a molehill. The choice is yours...For me the mountain is before the event. There was an event which freaks me the fuck out so I'm always anxious and always drink at...But I didn't. And I feared drinking buddies people from work who would bust my chops or think less of me because I'm an alcoholic or put me on the spot demanding a reason why I wasn't drinking...Here's the thing. No one even fucking noticed I wasn't drinking the whole night until the very end when a buddy asked me if I wanted a beer and I told him that I wasn't drinking. ..His reaction - good for you man. I've been thinking about putting the brakes on and drying out for a while too...I have to be honest that night filled me with pride and seeing everyone sauced and unable to speak or think properly made me feel like I had a better handle on the night than anyone else...I've read a lot about other coping strategies in this sub (I think there's some in the FAQ section). Here are some that made sense to me...1) Always have a full drink - of soda or fizzy water or whatever. That way you're drinking something so you aren't missing the mechanics of that. Also people are less likely to ask you about why you're not drinking or buy you a drink...2) Lie. You're on medication which will destroy your liver if you have booze. You have a medical soon and the doctor said not to drink. You're sick so you're going to go home early...It isn't courageous and lying to your friends is lying to your friends but fuck it it gets you through for now...3) Tackle it head on. "Why aren't you drinking?" Give them your reasons. ..It doesn't have to be a rigid declaration or preachy. One guy said his line was "I was getting to good at drinking so I stopped." ..For me lately I've said I looked back at last year and realized how much I was drinking. How much time it took up and how much it cost. So I wanted to start the new year without it. I was surprised how awesome it feels so I think I'm going to stick with it...If people press you just keep saying your reason until they leave you the fuck alone...4) Beat them to the punch. I learned this a while back. So you say you aren't drinking. They ask for a reason. You're honest. They call you a pussy or a girl or say you're full of shit and should drink...Agree with them. Embellish what they're saying. Someone calls me a pussy and I agree. I tell them I'm a massive pussy. I say that lately I've been putting on dressed and lipstick and shit and I have to admit that I look pretty good. Then come back with another insult and I just keep agreeing with them...Eventually they just give up. Especially if you're being more original/funny with how you're cutting yourself up than they are...5) Don't go to any bars/drinks type things until you've put in some time sober. This may not be an option for you right now but something to remember...Some other thoughts: ..I think it's important to make a promise to myself before those things to not drink no matter what. If I don't make it an important mission for my night then I can get worn down by myself others and alcohol and end up drinking. If I play it casual with myself I fuck up...The only people who are likely to pressure you are:..People who have a drinking problem and don't want to deal with it (so you quitting will be seen as a threat to them and their lifestyle). ..Old friends/drinking buddies. If they're actual friends they'll respect your choice. If they don't then fuck 'em. They aren't friends they're just people you got drunk with and you don't need them anymore...Eventually people will accept it and realize it isn't a big deal. It'll just take some time for you to set and reinforce it (and set and reinforce boundaries with them)...Good luck. Please come back and let us know how it goes and post any tips that you find.
You might like to use this link to get a free download of This Naked Mind.  It is a great resource for the issues you mentioned...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rrpwt/just_starting_this_naked_mind_its_available_free/?st=1Z141Z3&amp;sh=4ca83b5e..I'm reading it right now and it is really helping me get my priorities straight...Congratulations to you on your good decisions I'm happy to not drink with you! 
The anxiety is real sister!! I can only speak from my experience when I say that my initial thoughts would be that I would go out get offered a drink refuse politely and that the whole damn bar would go dead quiet as people clutched their pearls in SHOCK over it. Needless to say that didn't happen. Nobody gave a shit...Went on to have a mediocre time not because I wasn't drinking but because I noticed for the first time how absolutely positively mind numbingly BORING being in a bar is if you're not getting plowed under. It's obnoxious...If you're not going to be in a bar just socializing ask yourself if you ever remember having a good time with people when you were say 13 years old? I bet you do remember that well to me that's what being sober and socializing is like now. I don't need the booze to enjoy being around people.
