-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rfpov/ive_read_enough_i_suppose_i_should_type_something/

Hello like-minded kind-hearted humans. Familiar story to follow :) -..I'm 39 years old. I actually didn't have my first drink till graduation night of high school. We didn't know how to drink so I had an older co-worker at Best Buy buy us a myriad of bottles. I ended up with the Jack Daniels and remember sitting in my friend's driveway drinking it straight till eventually throwing up (we had no idea what we were doing)...But the theme of not knowing what I'm doing and always drinking a bit too much would follow me for the next 20 years! I always tended to be the one driving the party having a drink or three more in me than anyone else in the room; basically I drank for sport...I've quit a couple of times. Actually I've taken a few breaks never intending on quitting forever. Three times I've quit for a month a few times for a week or so.... when I'd start again I'd moderate well and drink (with heroic effort on my part) at the rate the other non-problem drinkers in the room were drinking. But the alcohol-athlete in me always would think "Let's finish these and get to the next one already! What's taking so long!" I've eventually learned that having a couple of casual drinks is anything but relaxing to me it's a massive tease because I want to be on drink five (and beyond!) asap! ..Every time I'd take one of my aforementioned breaks from alcohol I'd always notice how great I felt (especially after about day 9 or so) and in the back of my mind I've known for a few years I needed to retire from the sport of drinking before I injured myself or someone else too permanently...11 days ago I was drinking with my wife (who is perfectly content to have two reasonable pours of wine on a Friday night and be done with it. that fascinates me) she went up to take a shower and my body went on drink-for-sport autopilot and I quickly downed a couple 9% beers while she was gone and made myself an extra-strong manhattan because that's what I do always like a robot. Woke up the next day feeling like shit and full of guilt (again). The wife was annoyed at me (again)because she could smell the booze on me and see my glassy eyes...And I could see that same pattern happening (again).  So then I decided that I'm 39 years old and 20 years of WAY above-average drinking is plenty. I'm done and this time for good. I think relapsing a couple of times is good it's the best way to see your patterns. You're always learning...Now I'm embracing the new sport of competitive clarity and trying to be the best husband possible. That's a much more productive worthwhile sport to be in...Oh one more thing on this long post! Weirdest thing about stopping is that for me it's monumental and great to be stopping but I'm not really telling anyone else in my personal life while I nurture this thing (I'm pretty sure my wife thinks I'm just taking another break). So I really appreciate this forum/community and the thoughts and experiences you all share. Hang in there everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.   I totally relate.  Every time I've tried to "quit" before I knew in the back of my mind I didn't want to be done forever.   It was always  I'll quit or taper off be sober for awhile and then have enough control to moderate.  As much as I wanted to quit I wanted to keep drinking more.   This last time for me something clicked in my brain and I knew I wanted to be done more than I wanted to keep drinking.   And I can't predict the future but that feeling is still there and still very real.   ..I often feel like the luckiest woman in the world.  I have the most amazing husband and most amazing relationship.   He makes me feel safe and loved all the time.   I often worried that he would one day grow sick of my shit.   So far he hadn't.   He'd never once looked at me with shame (thankfully because I felt I deserved it).  And every hangover after I'd blacked out when he'd recount the evening and I felt mortified  even when I hadn't done anything embarrassing  I would burst into tears that he still loved me (again feeling ashamed like I didn't deserve it).  Despite the fact that he never made me feel like it may happen  the fear of losing him was a big motivator for me.  Your wife will see you're serious as you slowly show her you're serious.  No amount of words will show her  just changed behaviour.   Like you said  she'll think it's just another break  until it's not  ..I've found coffee  tea and sparkling water quite helpful.  The sparkling water is especially good for the fixation part.  I'll pour a fruit juice or something to the same line on the glass that I would pour my liquor fill the rest with sparkling water and take a big chug.  I've been drinking for so long that it tricks my mind momentarily  and sometimes  that's all it needs.  Reading on here has also been immensely helpful.   Sometimes when I open the app I read and it helps me get through the craving for 5 minutes and sometimes much longer  but it helps and I keep coming back. ..One day at a time sir.   I won't drink with you today! ..
[removed]
U B ROCKIN' IT!
