-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rmzbl/its_thirsty_thursday/

Thursday has always been the start of my weekend. The day in which I go from having 4-5 drinks in the evening to getting absolutely poleaxed from now until Monday morning at which point I want to crawl into a deep dark hole and disappear. This will be my first "weekend" without a drink in a decade. It's amazing how slowly time seems to pass when you're not boozing. I'm sipping on coffee right now but I can already feel that desire to have that warm sensation in my belly and subsequent soothing feeling of sedation throughout my body as I make my way through a bottle of Scotch. But I won't do it. I'm going to spend this time working on keeping my body and mind occupied. To anyone else struggling today hang in there. And I hope you'll join me in not drinking tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm going to go through it too tonight mate. For the last 6 months all I've done is relapse at the weekends. I was so ashamed of it that I didn't reset my badge until last weekend. ..Feeling very strong now but this sub helps so much. I'll hang in there with you. ..Screw drinking tonight. I will not run away and escape down the bottle. I will face my fears and fuck this shit up till it leaves me alone!
Hey guys I too really really struggled with the weekends.  I have found AA meetings have this strange ability to fill me with resolve.  I know the god aspect really makes people cringe in today's world but I highly recommend it if just for getting out for an hour or so.  All you have to do is sit there and listen.
let me just say i absolutely love the term poleaxed. ..my best advice for your first weekend:..work out.clean out a closet/drawer/your car. like completely. declutter..netflix.delicious food.lots of non alcoholic beverages on hand.ice cream!.early bedtimes..good luck yo. you can do it.
Congrats and good luck. I won't drink with you.
Thanks for the last sentence. Needed to see that today and know others have felt this struggle before and made it through.
