-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rx2uf/first_week_as_a_sober_couple_tested_on_the_weekend/

SO long story short:.Me and my boyfriend almost broke up last weekend because of something he did while drunk. It's taking everything in my being to give him another chance because he promised to be sober with me. He's really taking it seriously and we've talked for hours about what is going to be needed to mend the situation and our relationship back together. I'm in this again and I've been totally honest with him about my drinking issue as well (never been honest with anyone about it before). ..Tonight I'm going to a concert and really really want to drink at the show and after party tonight. I asked him last night if he was planning to drink tonight and he said he didn't want to ruin what work he's done this week (both of us had stayed sober..him a day longer than me). But now the weekend is rolling around and both of us want to. I'm genuinely proud he's actually being open and honest with himself and he's the one who told me about this /r/ to begin with. We're not drinking this weekend and he's even bringing the leftover beer over to his friend's Superbowl Party on Sunday...he dumped out the rest of his booze and we're dedicated to this....I guess what I'm asking honestly even though I know the answer is if it's possible to just drink like on a Friday night or if this is really just the biggest test of the week. This week has been so hard for both of us and both of us have tried quitting drinking alone separately with no success. I'm optimistic but really just kind of struggling... Reading some of these stories has really helped and you guys all seem great. ..Sorry that was long winded but I guess I just need some words of encouragement. ....
----------immediate responses--------

For me there's always a reason to drink if I'm. It committed to sobriety. If not a fun Friday then a stressful work week. I tried and failed to moderate many times so I know it's never just one day. Now that I've quit for good I find it much easier than the constant battle for control I always lost I was stuck in before. FWIW I went to my first gig sober last week and it was great. Good luck! 
As you said you know what the answer is.
There is never a *good* time to quit there's *always* a reason. For me I know moderation will not work. It will work temporarily but that's it. I went from being totally sober while trying to conceive my son all during pregnancy and while nursing. I started having just one beer a day... that went fine for awhile. Once the baby started taking a bottle and I could have more than one drink it quickly went downhill. I started supplementing pumped milk or formula so often that my milk supply dried up and I had to quit nursing months before I had planned. Sorry for the long winded story about breastfeeding but it was an important goal I really wanted to meet and I failed. I regret not making it to a year *still* and he's a perfectly healthy 6 year old now. ..Alcohol did that to my journey. It stole precious time from my son my only child. I'll never get another chance. No amount of alcohol is worth it. ..Stay strong! I won't drink with you.  
If I drink even a little it sets me back to square one.  I can no longer afford to do that.  I just can't.
