-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s706p/im_going_to_moms_day_and_its_day_60/

My son invited me to Mom's Day at his college!! It's not for a couple weeks so I have something to look forward to. This didn't happen last year and I'm sooooo excited! When he was little his love was unconditional. As he got older as I'm sure happens at times he's pulled away. The love is still there but many times it feels like I only see or talk to him when he needs something. Imagine my surprise when he invited me. Needless to say my heart is exploding! I drank all through his high school years. Every night. I was present at all events and sober. But would rush home to have that first drink. I'm positive this played a part in his pulling away even if just a little. ..And today is Day 60....again! I have a memo in my phone that shows my progress and how many days I was at when I reset my badge: ..*3 days.*33 days.*63 days.*139 days.*16 days..And now. 60 days. And I feel GREAT! For all of you struggling with relapse frustration please know that perseverance is key along with support. This Day 60 feels the strongest of all. I feel stronger happier (for the most part) and overall contentment. Yes!!..Happy Sunday y'all! This momma is going for a run! 
----------immediate responses--------

What great news!  That is definitely positive feedback on stopping drinking.  What happy news...Congratulations and congratulations on 60 days!  Woot!
That's fabulous!! How terrific! No looking back...let's embrace these wonderful new chapters with our kids. They'll respect you and love you for your healthy choices and know they can turn to you when they need you and you'll be there...Now go get that great run in!!
Awww that's so nice that he wants you to be there. Have a great time spending the day with your son and congrats on 60!
That's wonderful!  I am so excited for you  congrats on 60 Momma!
yaaaaas to all of this!!!..Can hear me screaming from state away??..So happy for you. Keep it up!
Congratulations momwhoruns! I have a feeling you will be running in the clouds today. Good for you.   
Momma! Happy 60 Days! Geez I'm just seeing this now at 1:26AM and sorry I didn't reply sooner. How awesome that your big guy invited you to Mom's Day at school! I can't wait to hear all about it and I'll be sure to share in all your excitement during the next few weeks with some ice cream before you leave for the trip! He must be do darn proud of you just as we all are ;). ..Btw your superbowl food sounded delish! Cucumbers and ranch are one of my favorites :). Hope you're sleeping peacefully and having pleasant dreams right now lol. xo
