-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s9f8g/badge_reset_living_a_lie/

Hello all..I quit drinking on 12/18/16 and made it a solid 30+ days before relapsing. I've been telling everyone since I relapsed that I'm still sober and that was a lie. For the last couple of weeks I've been back to my old shenanigans. A couple days ago I even pulled the risky trick of excusing myself from the table at a work dinner (where most of my co-workers know my situation) to go "use the restroom" and instead went to the bar and quickly ordered and downed a double Jameson popped a piece of gum and cross my fingers nobody saw/noticed...This morning I woke up at 10am when I wanted to be up at 7. Looked at a to-do list longer than my arm. I looked around my house at the empty beer bottles and whisky glasses on every surface that could support a drinking vessel a pile of clothes that have needed folding for over a week dishes piled up in the sink fast food and takeout boxes all over the place and realized I haven't showered in 3 days because I've been too lazy/drunk to wash my towels...I'm sick of living like this and it ends today! Who else is enjoying the Superbowl sober and alone?
----------immediate responses--------

I often wondered what it was like to get away with relapsing but in my case since I became instantly nonfunctional there was no hiding. I hate to admit (and was WRONGLY ashamed for a longtime) that I got pretty good at being a newcomer. Maybe one reason I am so attracted to working with them is because I spent so much time being one...I'm with you! Today I will get up suit up and show up. The old-timers told me they would gladly refund my misery if I ever changed my mind. :)
I'm not a part of this sub I was just looking for superbowl info but I just want to cheer you on! One of my family members had a serious drinking addiction and I am so grateful that he is sober because he really lights up my life. I am enjoying the superbowl alone as well :) cheers!
Similar situation for me. I quit made it a few weeks then found myself depressed and stressed out due to a work deadline and started doing what I used to do -- bribing myself to get work done by going down to the bar to do it. The work got done but so did a lot of drinking. I also haven't had any exercise in weeks and put back on about ten pounds that I lost after graduate school. Found myself looking and feeling like shit but I'm back on the wagon now trying to learn from the experience if I can.
I'll also be watching the Super Bowl sober and alone. I have a  bunch of Seltzer water in the fridge and I cannot decide for the life of me what to do for food. I got really drunk on Thursday and I'm still sitting with the embarrassment of that so thankfully I have no desire to drink today. (I'm the type who drinks when things are good not when things are bad.)..I'll join you in not drinking tonight. :)
The state of your house sounds exactly like mine when I was drinking. Including the not showering! one of the pluses for me being sober is having a clean home. Just did not care when I was drinking. You can do this!!
How was the super bowl for you?
