-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sgvp5/this_is_for_the_younger_people_trying_to_stop/

(Warning: huge wall of text) ..Hi there been sober since the end of the summer last year...mainly because it was court-ordered. I'll rewind back to where the trouble began:..It was March 2015 I had graduated college in May 2014 and had come back to my college town after having done a stint of teaching abroad. I was on the job hunt and living like I always did (casually drinking almost every day at happy hour or getting drunk at a show). One night I decided to leave the downtown area early (1 am with 2 am being closing time) and I saw my boyfriend at the bar he managed before I drove home. I didn't make it a mile before a cop stopped me. I was going 40 mph in a 30mph area and driving a very crappy minivan. He ended up arresting me for a DUI and I spent a night and day in jail. My sister bailed me out and it took me a couple of days to tell my parents. ..I refused to believe my drinking was a problem. When my family found out I was met with "I can't believe you were so unlucky" and "you seemed fine that night...I wouldn't have let you driven if I thought you were impaired." Now I'm not trying to blame them at all I'm just saying that their perception of what happened mirrored mine: I just thought I was unlucky. ..I stopped drinking for a short while and then slowly started to drink moderately. But a few months later I was back to going out all night and being reckless. I had friends who enabled my behavior because they didn't know that I had been arrested. I was so ashamed that I thought I could just drink and forget about it and be happy for a while. Also I was in an unfulfilling and destructive relationship. Some mornings I would cry and admit I had a problem with drinking and that I needed to stop. My boyfriend would console me but tell me that I didn't have a problem; I just needed to be more careful with my consumption habits. He drank like a fish but mainly late at night at home. He also worked in the service industry so compared with his coworkers his drinking was well below the average.  I hated the job I had procured shortly after my arrest as well--it was with a great company and I had awesome benefits but I felt stuck and stifled. So I turned to going out whenever I could...Around June of 2016 I decided that I needed to get my life together: I was depressed anxiety-ridden unhappy with my relationship and wanted to get away and start fresh. And I did--I started the application process for a coding program in the city my parents lived in about an hour and a half away and I broke up with my boyfriend. I was scared but so excited at the thought of being able to start fresh. But it wasn't that easy. ..I never dealt with why I was drinking. I was making all of these changes--I gave up on my relationship my social life and my freedom and independence to move in with my parents--but drinking was the last thing I refused to give up. The same day that I had put in my application for the coding program I went to an apartment party of a good friend of mine--one who is known to pressure everyone to do shots and keep a full drink in your hand on his dime. I gave into the party atmosphere feeling like I had to drink a lot to be fun and entertaining. I drank to forget about all the stress of my breakup leaving my job and moving away. I blacked out. I came to on the side of the road talking to a police officer. It happened again. ..I was arrested again for a DUI in July 2015. An interlock device was installed in my car (which I pay for monthly) and I have a court date next week. The judge graciously gave me a six month reset date because I had gotten accepted to the coding program and she knew I wouldn't be able to go to school and make the monthly court appearances for bond. She also approved my request to have bi-monthly phone call check ins with my pre-trial officer instead of having to drive an hour and a half every two weeks just for a 2-minute meeting...Fast forward to now: .I just finished the course and I had a great job interview on Friday and another one later this week. I've been seeing a therapist to work through my issues with self-esteem shame depression and anxiety. I still struggle every day with the weight of my decisions and actions that led to my arrests. I still have moments of anger wondering "why me?". But I also constantly think about how much better my life has been since July. How I never missed a day of class (M-F 9-5) or never turned in an assignment late. Never woke up hungover full of regret dying to get through the day so I could go home and drink more in front of the TV. I confront my emotional issues and try to work through and process them instead of willfully ignoring them by drinking with friends and pretending like everything is grand. ..Also I'm 24 years old. I went to a DUI class where an older man in his 50s looked at me and said "you look a little young to be here" I ignored him but in my head I thought "if anyone is going to end up here isn't it better to be younger than older?" As ashamed as I am for my very public mistakes I can say that I am grateful that I have stopped drinking while I am still young. These habits are easier to break now and the healthy habits replacing them will grow stronger each passing year. ..Reading the other stories on this sub also reinforces my awareness that this is not a part-time decision. It's an every-day-24/7 fight against my weaker self to remain strong and clear-headed. Though I never felt a strong urge or compulsion to drink taking it out of my life has not been without its difficulties. There are friends who just don't understand and push the issue until we're both uncomfortable...those ones I have learned that I must leave behind on my new path as a sober individual. Many of my friends have stayed and supported me without issue. ..I never realized how fulfilling life could be without alcohol--it was something I thought was necessary to have fun feel relaxed celebrate and fit in. I'm proud to now know that that isn't the case and I am so happy that I can extend this knowledge to others who decide to become sober in the future. ..Thanks to everyone in this sub who shares their stories their shame their embarrassment their successes and their support. Have a great week everyone. I will not be drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

I relate to your story a LOT. I'm 27 and get the whole "you're too young to be an alcoholic" a lot. Well I bet that guy saying you were "too young" wishes he would have stopped drinking at 24...Good luck in the job search! 
I'm 26 now and really really wish my sobriety stuck with me when I was 24 and first trying to quit. The amount of drunken fuck ups and misery that can accumulate in just two years is staggering. Truly the sooner you see the light the better
Thank you for sharing; you are very fortunate to have caught it while young. I have almost as many years of steady drinking in me as you have years alive. :)
