-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5siv9b/close_relationships_and_sobriety/

I'm looking for some input from you all..How do handle telling someone you're close to that you are an alcoholic? This could be a platonic or romantic relationship this person knows you don't drink but may not know why. How do you balance being honest that yes having  a few beers after work really is a serious event not a lighthearted affair for you that yes even one drink if drank on the wrong day could set you off on a destructive bender...without coming across as a horrifying monster that needs to be avoided at all costs? I feel that even now that my life is together I am outwardly calm and put together and can successfully avoid drinking for weeks at a time...that since one relapse can be so terrifying to someone who has never dealt with an alcoholic that I'll never be able to be with a "good" person who has never had to struggle with demons. Should I even want to be with such a person? I keep most of my friends at an arms length. I feel like they would stop being my friend if they knew who I really was. Even my college friends who have seen my drunken antics think it was a phase that stopped in college and not something I struggle with every time I watch them drink in front of me. ..What are your thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

i'm struggling with similar questions .. but i urge you not to think of yourself as a monster or to be ashamed. the most amazing thing you have done is to confront your demons.. so many continue to try to hide and trick them. ..i think you should hold your head high and be open with those you want to be close with.. their reaction is a reflection of them not you. good work !
The people closest to me just wanted what was best for me so when I told them I stopped drinking they just rolled with it and were pretty understanding if I declined to go to a drinking event. Nowadays when we go out everyone just assumes I'll be the designated driver which I am happy to do. Sometimes I will still skip a party or whatever if I'm not in a good place...I'm not ashamed I have this disease nor am I proud of my sobriety just deeply grateful. If someone cares about me then I figure they'll be cool with it. If they want to judge me well that's their business and it's probably best that we don't hang out. Overall I've found most people to be quite compassionate and many have experienced this disease either personally or through loved ones. When that's the case sharing our feelings on the illness can really be a bonding experience.
I recently had to do this with a friend from work.  Making friends at 39 is not super easy as some of you might know.  I work in the trades for a union on big projects.  It's not often I find people that I have a lot in common with at work but this guy and I had cool conversations whenever we worked together.  The boys would occasionally go out for drinks after work and I would decline.  I always had to pick up my kids on the weekends anyway but one weekend my kids were out of town and my buddy said "now you have no excuse you have to come out with us for beer."  I told him I don't drink.  "Never?"  .."No"."ok well let's get together for lunch".I can't remember why but the meet up was cancelled.  When the contract was over we decided to stay in touch.  He invited me over a couple weeks ago to hang out.  When I arrived he offered me a beer.  I declined but a couple hours later he did have questions as to why.   I explained to him that I ended up at a point in my life where drinking became the solution to my problems.  I had depression and a failing marriage.  Then I told him that drinking became the problem.  I decided that to quit and lo and behold I was able to deal with my problems in a healthy way.  My depression went away and I was happy in general.  Drinking again was no longer an option.  The conversation was more detailed than that but I gave him time to ask questions and gave him answers.  I did not use the term alcoholic though and he never asked.  ..I'm at the point in my life now where this is who I am.  Take it or leave it.  If people don't like me for who I am or what i've done in my past that is their issue not mine.  I won't live my life based on what others think of me or even more important what I think they will think of me.  I hope everything works out.  I don't know what you should do but hope it works out for the best!..I just found out at the end of my shift that work is cancelled tomorrow because it is too freaking cold.  A bunch of the guys said they were going to get wasted.  I am looking forward to a quiet night and a productive day tomorrow.  I won't drink with you today because being sober makes and keeps me happy.  After all that's all I want out of life.
When I had been sober for a while I began to realize how many people around me don't drink for a variety of good reasons including plain old personal preference.  Reasons include health religion recovery family experience upbringing bad experience and taste.  I never felt demonized for not drinking but boy was I ostracism when I drank the way I wanted to. 
Plz be kinder to yourself. Having a drinking problem dosnt make us monsters or bad people! Theres not a human alive that's  without some battle to fight in this life. It's  what makes us who we are. Plz be more possitive. 
I just tell people I'm a mardy drunk. (moody) ..It's true! I argue I complain i cry. I have a history of self harm that only i know about - and in the last ten years its only happened drunk. Alcohol doesn't make me happy! So that's what i say - i don't call myself alcoholic but i say it makes me miserable instead. 
