-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5smnsn/a_warning_of_things_to_come_if_you_continue_this/

Yes self-serving a reminder to myself but I hope this is a wake-up call to at least one person..After years of very heavy drinking I have no memory I have no past yesterday was a long time ago! I try to cover this up I'm great at the  oh yes I remember that.  But the fact is I don't remember it.  There may be a snippet of recall but no details. Many times I have no memory at all.  .I am working hard on not drinking.  I am having success but every day is a struggle. I have to remind myself constantly that this time is not going to be different. I have to tell myself that I have never succeeded in  just a slight buzz will be enough or if I stop drinking early tonight I will actually sleep ..This is hell living only in the moment. Please don't let yourself get to this point.  Do whatever is necessary to not drink today and get up tomorrow with the same resolve.   .
----------immediate responses--------

Shit. Have you been to a neurologist? A Vitamin B deficit may cause alcohol related dementia. 
Please go see a doctor there may be something they can do about this.
I wish you well on your journey. I'm new here but it helps knowing that I'm not the only one struggling. It gives me hope to see the success and also good reminders of why I keep trying. Thank you for your post. 
Please see a doctor a relative of mine is on high dose B vitamin injections because of a neurological condition caused by alcohol.
I can relate to the memory piece of this so much. My heart goes out to you. Can't tell you how many movies or episodes of TV shows my husband will say we saw and I CANNOT recall any of. Reading these comments makes me wonder if I too should see a doctor... Wishing you the best with your memory and sobriety. You got this.
[removed]
I feel like my memory is getting better... slowly .... I still go to do something get side tracked get back to my desk and think... fuk me I forgot to get X.... then I try again.... years of being in tech and constantly multitasking probably didnt help. I hope one day I can leave the house and not have to drive back for items I have forgotten. 
Hang in there.   I have seen some remarkable recoveries in my time in AA.  Medical help should probably be a part of this.
shit it never dawned on me that my constant forgetfulness might have been alcohol related. I've noticed in even just the last 23 days that I've been much more mindful and have rarely forgotten anything
