-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sp5fb/when_i_was_first_told_by_my_counselor_that/

Now after struggling with this for a year and a half after hearing that from my counselor my sick alcoholoic brain thinks 'oh f**k WHEN will I finally stop relapsing'. I really want this to be the last time.  I've changed my work schedule to go to meetings daily and will not have any days off where I'm home by myself for long periods of time...I HOPE these relapses end.  I'm tired of them.  They are cruel and each time it gets harder to maintain even a slight sliver of self worth.  ..That being said I will not be drinking with each and every one of you all today!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes- I've had that exact thought. It's our alcoholic brain at work. I think learning to identify your alcoholic thinking can take some of the power out of it. Also I call my sponser when I get triggered or have those thoughts (immediately) and it *always* helps to talk to someone about it. ..
Yep! The alcoholic brain uses the most monstrous logic I've found...I had to do more than hope that my relapses would end...I had to take positive action and change what wasn't working and focus on what was. For me that was therapy yoga meditation and joining Refuge Recovery meetings. A friend of mine in recovery once said "when I'm alone I'm with a crazy person"...having a sober network IRL was really important to me. Best wishes!
I agree doing hobbies that I have let fall by the drinking wayside is my immediate goal.  I started a new stitching project went to the library for the first time in months for new books and I plan on visiting SD everyday.  I love this sub and all the encouragement everyone gives.  Thanks for taking the time to comment.  This sickness is so debilitating on the soul it kind of nice to know I wasn't the only one who had some warped 'alcologic' 
Oh yeah.  And after step five... feeling all cozy and at one with the universe and thinking:  'Oh crap this is working I might not get to drink again'
Almost daily.  Stupid effed up brain.
Of course. That's why it's such a pernicious insidious and dangerous way to talk about relapse. It provides a perfect rationalization for not persevering. Really it should matter not to each of us whether every other self identified alcoholic has relapsed 50 times. My decisions are completely independent of every other alcoholics decisions short of one of them putting a gun to my head and a bottle in my hand. 
Your lizard brain will try to jump on any rationalization to drink at first.  The longer you deny it the easier it is until it is no longer an issue. 
I've definitely had that thought. ..That is great you changed your work schedule. Something I have found helps me which might sound kinda silly (at least I thought it did before I tried it) is to make a schedule for every hour of the day. ..It really helps for when I do have free time. Instead of letting my mind wander I just stick to my list. If I start to feel vulnerable I just get out my list and pick something from my alternatives section if what I have planned isn't doing it for me...I won't drink with you today.
Most definitely! My parents have been my biggest supporters and when my mom is trying to encourage me by saying "you will probably relapse and that's OK" my brain immediately stores it as a ready-made excuse to drink. So fucked up. The most important thing when you relapse is to STOP AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. Don't let one drunk night turn into two that turns into seven that turns into a whole month.
[removed]
I used to look for horrible reasons as to why I could drink. I went to the doctors for a checkup in my first few months of recovery and was hoping that I had some life threatening illness so I had an excuse to drink. I didn't. But jokes on me because I do have a life threatening illness called alcoholism that if lefts untreated will be fatal for me
Had that thought many times. Until I got sick of them.
They say quitting any bad habit can require practice. So every day you commit to not drink and succeed is strength that helps you gave the next. 
My wife told me she would understand and we would work through it if I relapse. I appreciated her compassion but asked her to never tell me that again. I don't want to open the door with justifications of how I could get away with it.
I took it the opposite way. I'm terrified that I'm going to relapse and it's giving me extreme anxiety.
Yes one of the reasons I can't do AA - I know about looking at the similarities rather than differences but that stupid brain of mine listens to other peoples experiences and instead of taking it as a warning to jump off the train now it goes sure you're not that bad you don't drink in the mornings blah blah blah...I changed my thinking with relapses and it helped immensely. They are not relapses that takes the power away from me. They are CHOICES my choices and my responsibility. That is within my power.
I've read others' experiences of relapse and I'd rather spare myself the pain. I don't look upon the opportunity to drink as a reward instead I'd liken it to the opportunity to repeatedly bash my jead against a wall. For me alcohol is firmly associated with pain not pleasure now I find my pleasure in sober healthier ways.
I read more about kindling the other day and it kind of made me think about relapses differently. Previously I only thought about the damage I was doing to my body while I was drinking. I thought about my liver having to work hard to process all that poison and my brain chemicals getting out of whack but I hadn't really thought hard or tried to learn about the damage that relapsing does to me as well. ..I started reading more about it e.g..https://www.hivehealthmedia.com/on-the-downward-spiral-the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative hypnotic_withdrawal)\..And I started to actually understand that repeated withdrawal is also doing immense damage to me. A relapse is more than just something you want to avoid because than you have to go through the trouble of withdrawals again or that you're damaging yourself while you're relapsed.  The event of the relapse itself whether you relapse for one night or two weeks damages your brain and increases your likelihood for further relapses and damage...Relapses are not excuses for drinking...As a side note learning ore about kindling makes me realize that supervised medical withdrawal is very useful for mitigating the damage that withdrawal does to your brain and if god forbid I relapse then I'm "white knuckling" it won't be it for me this time. It's not good for you.
Every time I start to read about a relapse here... it goes so poorly that by the time I get to the end of the post it is gone. ..Kinda like my inner voice says "see everyone does it...oh wait..OH GOD! Nah I'm good"
On the flip side however saying relapses are a sign of failure could certainly be used as a rationale to keep on going for awhile after an initial lapse or bad judgment. 
Absolutely! I had this experience for a really long time. I actually had to tell myself that relapse didn't have to be part of my experience. Because for me relapses prolong the suffering.
This sounds very familiar! I almost felt at times like I was being given permission to relapse. I stayed sober for 3 years 2 months and 3 days. That came to an abrupt end on 3/4/2016. The relapse lasted for 7 long miserable months. It ended quite tragically with me doing permanent physical damage to my face and teeth when I fell while drunk. I don't plan to relapse again. I won't let anyone tell me that relapse "is part of getting sober" as it's been said to me. I won't let anyone be in charge of my life but me. Finally it's me. Not alcohol. We don't have to relapse. That's all a lie. Just another alcoholic lie. Please don't fall for it! Pun intended! D
Relapses are very common. So are people dying alcoholic deaths.
I was at a meeting where someone was talking about their most recent relapse and he was very upset with himself. As we were all leaving the meeting I overheard him talking to another member and he basically said that you're not really an alcoholic until you've relapsed. That you don't really have a problem if you've never had a relapse. ..I've never had a relapse. His comments really made me feel terrible like a fraud and I didn't belong. I know he was upset but come on man watch what you say. Words are powerful. ..I'm not going to have a relapse just prove to someone that I have a problem. I'm also not going to drink with you today.
Oh man. Yes I had the exact same initial response when I was told this last week at my 1st D&amp;D Centre visit. Next Tuesday I am going for a blood test for 'alcohol dependency'. Today during my 2nd D&amp;D Centre visit I was reminded that a blood test cannot identify what damage alcohol causes to my brain and nervous system. Ain't that a fact! Wishing you well  x.
