-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sx2ld/what_emotions_did_you_have_to_face_after_sobering/

I'm asking because... I'm not sure if I have that many emotional issues or if I should be on the lookout for some things I'll have to face. ..I cut out a chunk of toxic friends (this group including not one but two exes) at the time I stopped drinking. They were a group I no longer related to and were just people I'd party with no one meaningful. None of them have reached out in the past few weeks and I'm good with that. It kind of hurts... but mostly I'm relieved to be done with the drama of them. So I feel like I won't have to deal with the bullshit there again. ..I have some anxiety issues but I have meds and was in therapy all last year so I feel like I've managed that and have some good techniques. ..I guess I'm waiting for some wave of emotions to overtake or something. But I have a family I'm really close to ( no kids or anything) and a decent group of friends. I have a good job and I like it. I feel like booze was holding me back and if I can keep it gone I'll really be okay. ..Id like to date eventually but I know that I'm not ready and it's way too early in my sobriety. So I'm okay with being alone for awhile. I feel like maybe I'm not over my recent breakup (happened in December) but I know we were a terrible fit together and I just wanted *someone* I didn't care who. **..Maybe this is just a ramble but I feel like maybe I'll just be a bit grumpy for awhile until my body is used to the change and I get over this cold but I want to prepare for the worst. Any stories would be appreciated! ..Edit: thanks everyone! Your stories are greatly appreciated and I'm glad I know some things to look out for that could cause me to want to relapse 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I"m still pretty grumpy but I was definitely grumpy when I was drinking/hungover.  My most difficult emotion to manage is frustration.  I have/had a very low frustration tolerance and used to immediately medicate with drinking or smoking.  It's been my biggest challenge to figure out how to sit with those really uncomfortable feelings.  But other that  my emotional variability is a lot less then when I was drinking and constantly anxious depressed etc.  
Def have a bunch of new emotions some good and some bad.  Pain depression anger rage aniexty lonliness joy envy jealousy arrogance exaustion sadness happiness focus contentment...it's been a roller coaster and a learning experience to finally be able to fully feel and label what each emtion feels like.  Kind of cool in a way to learn.
I was kind of waiting for the same thing especially because I had a lot of feelings in my 20s and that seemed to change as I got deeper into drinking. But it hasn't happened. ..One thing I notice myself confronting that I used to drown in alcohol is how I feel about myself. It's like I don't have anything to blame for why I'm not living up to my potential/being the person I want to be and that can start a brief spiral but nothing like the flood of emotions I was expecting.
good question I guess I have a lot of insecurity whereas before it was more like general anxiety.  I'm also a pretty angry person but I guess now the anger is more on an even level rather than bubbling up explosively.  I also feel more resigned.  My job totally fucking sucks and is really stressful and I guess I just have more acceptance around that although I really fuckin hate my job so that's where anger comes in again but then I'm just like yeah I gotta just do it....  I find I am more resigned to the scary parts of life. My parents are getting really super old and that's shit none of us can come back from it's basically terminal.  I also REALLY do not give a fuck about a lot of stuff going on with other people.  I have tried to always be open to the shit my friends are going through and whatever but I desperately need alone time I am very introverted I am very worn out and I find I am much more confident in saying no to people these days to preserve my own piece of mind.
