-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t43uf/found_this_on_a_running_site_and_it_made_me_think/

I found this on a running site and it really spoke to me about why I have stopped drinking relapsed for several years and now stopped again and started running again after 3 years out. My hip flexors left knee and ITB and the ball of my left foot are killing me its friday night (or at least feels like it because I'm not working tomorrow) and I could drink about 10 beers but how would I face myself tomorrow going to r/stopdrinking asking for my badge to be reset? Even if you don't run I think this has a lot of truth in it and it's something I will be thinking about tonight when I'm NOT drinking!.. Why bother? The reason is the first minute  I said and I stood up straight the way you do when you finally cut through the bullshit and get to the truth... Even if you sleep late eventually every day begins and in the first minute of each day you have to face yourself. Day after day until you die you will wake up and remember what you've done. Memories of what you did the night before will bubble to the surface. Those memories will come with feelings. If you binged on ice cream or box wine or cocaine that will be one of your first thoughts and it will come with a weight of shame maybe even self-hate... Those feelings may be subtle when you're young and you think you have all the time in the world to turn things around. But unless you practice treating yourself well soon you'll be in your 50s and you'll wake up and the pain of that first minute will be so intense that the day ahead will feel like a prison sentence. .
----------immediate responses--------

I stayed running through my drinking.  But goddamn some of those Sunday morning runs were brutal.  And I bailed early giving myself credit for running through a hangover (and frequently starting again when I got home).  Now I run with a group on Sundays which I never could've done when drinking (since it starts early) and I run more miles than I did when I was 10 years younger.  And yes I couldn't run enough to run past the shame.  I won't drink with you today.
I used to run to the liquor store and hide wee bottles of vodka all over my person. Man I was sick...Running now brings a total sense of joy. I crave my long runs! 
Love it. 
The last paragraph is very true. Thanks for sharing!
Not wanting to face this awful reality is what inspired me to put the drink down forever. Some people are good at evading their thoughts and feelings; I on the other hand am terrible at it. I'm alright with that. 
yeah running has saved my life in more ways that one.  it gave me something to look forward to everyday instead of when can the drinking start. (i actually run past the bar that i had a $750 monthly bill at for decades)  then i had an episode of my body killing my  platelets a few years ago and my hematologist said i was the only patient to live through that bad of an episode.  he said "must be the running!"  we will keep on running and not drinking for another day.
I'm going to paint that quote on my kitchen wall. Beaut!..Nice one for posting
