-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t49h8/boyfriend_relapsed_afraid_for_my_own_sobriety/

Hey SD..It's been a while but you've always been a huge piece of my sobriety. The first 9 months or so I was checking this sub-reddit daily and now I've gotten to a place where I am good with 1 AA meeting a week and step-work. That said I'm in a rough spot right now and really need to share and hope that someone can relate or help...To give some context: I (28F) got sober Oct 2015 and met my boyfriend (31M) in March 2016. He was a chronic relapser and had only pulled together one month by the time we met but he seemed serious and invested in his recovery. I know AA suggests not getting into relationships in the first year but I felt that our situation was an exception (call it special snowflake syndrome haha). I had a very high bottom (it was an emotional bottom for me no material or physical consequences) we had mutual friends outside of the program and I mean...we were in love. It is what it is I can't take it back and wouldn't...***I should mention now that alcohol is my drug of choice but it is not his (though he has abstained from alcohol as part of his sobriety)***..BF and I been a huge support system for each other and gotten through so much this year together. We have been a team. I was so excited when he hit his year mark last week and we had dinner plans this week to celebrate. Then over the weekend he relapsed while out of town...Now when he told me I was shocked (because he had just hit his year mark days before) but supportive. After thinking about it for a day I realized that I had completely glazed over something really important he told me: "I don't know if I want to do AA anymore." We have since had a heart-to-heart and he said he still wants to be sober for now that he's just not into working AA; he is still open to the occasional meeting but doesn't want to work with a sponsor or feel obligated in any way. He says he's not looking to party that his priorities have changed as he's gotten older but that he does want more balance in his life and that could mean the occasional drink in the future. ..This scares the shit out of me. I've never been through this before (as far as watching a friend let alone SO relapse). I do know that I can't control him and if he wants to use I cannot stop him. Of course I worry about him but I respect that AA and/or 100% sobriety is not for everyone. I sincerely hope that he can find what he is looking for (that sense of balance and peace) without going off the deep end...The scary part for me is now feeling like I'm questioning my own sobriety. I think I was already questioning it but ever since I found out he relapsed I can't stop thinking about drinking myself. The last few months I've been feeling like I don't belong in AA that my story wasn't that bad (this is usually confirmed when I hear other people share). I realize that this could be my addiction and/or signs of codependency talking so I am definitely not going to stop going to meetings right now. But the seed has been planted and I don't know how to ignore it ESPECIALLY if my SO starts to drink. ..Has anyone been through this? If so what did you do to protect your sobriety?...
----------immediate responses--------

I don't believe this situation is about him.  I believe it's about you...What do you now believe in?  What are your boundaries?  What are your "I'm walking aways"?  Who are you sober?  Why did you stop drinking in the first place?  Hopefully this brings to mind some questions to ask yourself...I am responsible for my own sobriety.  I am responsible for my own actions.  I am responsible for how I feel and how I respond in any given situation.  I am responsible for this vessel that is a body today.  I am *not* responsible for anybody else's thoughts feelings or actions.  I am *not* to take anybody else's thoughts feelings or actions personal.  This is incredibly hard because it requires being mindful.  If it were easy everyone would be doing it.  Skill and wisdom development like this reminds me that I am doing exactly what I am supposed to be doing.  Booze has no place in life...Today I am clear-minded and not afraid to cut loose anyone in my life who I deem a bad influence.  A bad influence meaning substance-abuse behavior their attitude their choices in life etc.  I'll be supportive and directive if they come to me.  However I finished chasing people awhile ago.  I am the most important person in the universe.  Without me there is no family no friends no house no job no hobbies no emotion no *life*.  ..Today I don't protect my sobriety.  I *am* sobriety.  I *am* better choices.  I *am* in preservation mode of my entire being.  Yes that includes not drinking but it is also so much more *because* I'm not drinking.  Everything I "have" in my life I choose to have not because I can't exist without it.  My GF is an extracurricular activity that I invest 100% of myself in when I am focusing on it.  However the relationship does not define me and will not affect the other extracurricular activities in my life.  This takes mindfulness honesty open-mindedness and willingness on my part.  It's difficult but the path I walk has no shortcut.  ..I would encourage you to continue polishing and setting in place the stones of your path.  Do not forget about it.  Best wishes.
I would give it some more time before I'd  try drinking again. Your BFs relapse my be triggering you. Wait a month and see how you feel about it than.
Looking at your situation one thing is definitely clear - your sobriety is at risk. ..I have been in a similar situation although mine wasn't nearly so drastic. I had to come to the realization that nothing would be good in my future (or hers) if I didn't protect and put my sobriety first. I made the decision that continuing to be in a relationship with her was just too risky. She was so important to me that I couldn't continue to invest myself in someone who had begun developing so many diametrically opposing points of view. I'll give you a few examples of her behavior and then why her behavior would have been bad for me...* She wanted to stop taking her medication.. * This is something I have struggled with in the past. I never wanted to have to be medicated for my mental health issues. I couldn't support her wanting to stop taking her medication and the last thing I wanted was for her behavior to influence me to do the same thing...* She wanted take it easy about going to AA.. * I haven't always been someone who wanted to go to AA. I used to dislike going and would actively look for little reason not to go try to talk myself out of going etc. Having someone so close to me in my life who has lost their dedication to AA would have likely ended up planting seeds of doubt about my need to go...* She didn't want to hang around my (or her) sober friends anymore.. * I had a lot of trouble getting started with AA and then really had to work and force myself to be social and meet people. And these are people I talk to for support and help all the time. I didn't want to feel like I was stuck in the middle. I didn't want to be influenced into not maintaining those friendships...My addiction is cunning baffling and powerful. Even if I stayed with her and no negative consequences happened I at the very least know I would be putting myself at risk. I also know that I wouldn't be able to support her decisions long-term because they weren't what is best for her.  ..I mean - I wouldn't actively seek out a relationship with an addict/alcoholic or a person struggling with it. I think it's just as dangerous perhaps even more dangerous to stay in a relationship with such a person.......
I feel for you and can absolutely see how terrifying that situation is.  Your SO sounds like a bad relapse waiting to happen.  It actually makes me terrified for myself because I know I share some of those thoughts.  ..Have you thought about checking out some Al-anon meetings?  They might be able to help you handle the situation with SO...I know you mentioned not quite fitting in at AA.  You've been sober a long time so I don't need to tell you this but there are all kinds of "bottoms"...I was a high bottom.    No legal trouble house car job wife all good.  I'm going to spare you the details but I had a really hard time with just step one...But when I finally acknowledged that I had an incredibly hard time stopping after the first drink and that my obsession always brought me back to the first drink I had to quit...When I go through rough stretches I'll usually increase my meeting frequency and recommit to my step work.  ..I don't fit in at every meeting.  Going to a lot of meetings helps me find the one that I do fit in at.  
I ended up asking my SO to leave for a few days and he said if he left he'd be leaving for good. I was okay with that because he wanted to drink occasionally. I was ready to be a single parent with no job and sober. ...My main reason for splitting up at that point was that I was committed to be good for our children and knew that drinking occasionally would only bring us back to the long road of despair and point our children to the same road. It was extremely hard and emotionally devastating but I knew we couldn't be together if he didn't commit to sobriety. ..He was very resistant to the idea of full sobriety because he was scared among other things and I guess just didn't want to give up the idea of drinking and felt that I was trying to dictate his life. I told him he could drink as much or as often as he wanted as long as we were not together anymore. ..Since then he decided he indeed want to lead a sober life and we worked it out. He finally understood that there was a difference between occasional slip-up and wanting to stay sober VS. drinking socially. ..He started going to [SMART meetings](https://www.smartrecovery.org/local/meetings/) and we are inspired by leading sober life now for ourselves each other and our kids. 
There;s a quote that's pretty damn accurate: They'll get you drunk before you get them sober... I'm very concerned that all it took was for him to go away for him to relapse... a crime of opportunity... ..YOUR sobriety is most important here...
