-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t4evi/half/

This is my longest stretch of sobriety since I started. I am trying to learn as much as I can about personal growth myself and ultimately what will motivate me everyday to find inner peace and happiness. Some days are very difficult. I'm 28 and am having a difficult time finding a new career (sales is not for me anymore. the environment for recovery can be toxic.) Ultimately I get overwhelmed by the fear of waking up 10 years from now realizing the time I've wasted all my time worrying and feeling that I've failed in life somehow. This fear can cripple my ability to act in the present thus creating this cycle of never ending "needing to get organized." Its possible that I may need to go back on my ADD medication or perhaps its just a case of poor discipline and breaking these bad habits of laziness and depression. I try not to let these feelings wear on me and my counselor sort of helps. ..It's not all bad though most days I'm happy and grateful at this second chance at life. It can be challenging to find joy in the wreckage of your past but knowing now that one more drink will only make it so much worse gives strength to the idea that there has to be better days in the future. ..To be honest 6 months means a lot to me as I've been working towards sobriety for 3 years now. And I cannot wait to see that smiley face star. Thank you SD for giving me a truly anonymous platform to bear my inner struggle. I will not drink tonight with you.
----------immediate responses--------

i am so happy for you. you are doing a great job!
6 months is fantastic congratulations! 
I will remember my sixth month sober all my life. Me and family were in a cabin near a river. I ate Doritos and cookies. I still have a warm feeling when I think about it. There was a turn-table and I listened to old country music. It doesn't sound like much but it was very intense for me. I was so proud...&gt; I get overwhelmed by the fear of waking up 10 years from now realizing the time I've wasted all my time worrying and feeling that I've failed in life somehow..I already wrote it today but I'll do it again : people overestimate what they can do in 1 year and underestimate what they can do in 10 years. Sobriety is one day at a time and life is also one day at a time. By adding one day after the other we can succeed far more than by worrying what will happen in 10 years...That's how I try to live now. It's easy to say hard to do but that mindset helped me escape alcohol it will help me succeed in life.
As someone who has ADHD "laziness" and "depression" can be symptoms that may or may not be related to alcohol...  6 months is such a fantastic achievement!!!
