-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t7utw/my_therapist_was_hungover_yesterday/

I've been in and out of therapy for years due to childhood trauma that's left me agoraphobic and an alcoholic. My current therapist always talks about self-improvement. I'd noticed that any time I brought up the subject of alcohol and my dependency on it she either glossed over it quickly or would say something to the effect of "There's nothing wrong with having the occasional drink" despite me telling her that I was drinking heavily every day. I really really wanted to drink yesterday. I was struggling. I needed help and for the first time in my life I was eager to have a session. When I saw my therapist she looked terrible. Her skin was practically grey. She had dark sunken eyes. She smelt like a hobo's shoe filled with turpentine. She barely spoke. She brought up the subject of self-improvement again. I told her that I'd quit drinking... she lowered her head and was silent for several minutes. She seemed angry then said "That's not self-improvement. You have to find a way to manage your suicidal tendencies and depression and alcohol intake are unrelated." For the rest of the session all she did was contradict me berate me and tut and sigh at almost everything I said. It's amazing and frightening that even a trained mental health professional can convince themselves that drinking is not only the norm and that there's nothing wrong with it but that they can be so hostile towards someone that's choosing a different path than the one they're on. It just goes to show that anyone can fall under the spell of alcohol seeing it as this essential part of our lives. Seeing her like that treating a patient that's overcoming a horrible addiction with contempt and disdain has made me want to fight harder to keep a lid on the bottle. I won't be drinking with any of you today...(Just a quick edit to clarify something... I'm don't pay to see a therapist and I don't see one because of alcohol dependency. I was institutionalized at one point because of other issues and sent to a therapist because of said issues.)
----------immediate responses--------

How sad. It sounds like it's time to find a new therapist. 
(And I will join you in not drinking!)
I had a counselor who did me more harm than good. For a while I thought it was just my imagination but then one day she told me that she had asked *her* therapist why she sometimes felt the need to be mean to me. I eventually got away from this person and I'm so glad that I did.
Ouch. Don't really know what to say. I'm glad my therapist takes my addiction very seriously. Did you consider changing therapist? I will not drink with you today.
Oh Lord of All That Is Holy!!!  I have nothing else to say except "WOW!"... I think she might need way more help than you!
Depression and alcohol intake are unrelated?! Man denial is strong stuff.
Anyone can get on that slippery slope of abuse.  I would call around and get a therapist that gets you.
Sorry you went through this.  Personally I would not pay to go to another session with her.  Take care of yourself first and foremost.
Sounds like you need to send her a bill instead of vice versa!
alcoholics anonymous has helped me with my drinking problem.  the members can identify and relate to my story because they've been there.  and it's free. 
I'm so sorry you had to go through this.  Hopefully your therapist will find some help for herself soon.
My jaw dropped reading this. That is so unprofessional I can't even wrap my head around it. I have no idea what steps to take but that shit has **got** to be unethical. 
Yesterday morning I showed up at my appointment and waited and waited.  Someone I hadn't met approached me and took me into a meeting room and they told me that my therapist was taken off my case and that they'd have to find someone else that they could assign to me and that I'd have to start over the process again...Nobody called me ahead of time nor did they just use that week to fit someone else in even temporarily.  Before that person came to greet me the front desk gave me some excuse that my therapist was "running late and ran into some traffic jam in the parking garage."..Yesterday really hurt and it really set me back in a lot of ways.  I hate getting tossed around by this industry and all its callous bureaucracy.  I went out on a far and fragile limb to start the healing for childhood sexual abuse that I suffered for years.  And I couldn't get the courtesy of a phonecall to reschedule.  Who knows how many weeks I'll have to wait again for an opening to appear...I feel like I'm doing the right things and I'm going to AA I finally got an MD I have a general therapist and I'm getting referrals to a psychiatrist but it just keeps feeling like the Universe is roadblocking me and telling me to turn back.
As someone who is a mental health professional (a counselor actually) that's just astounding. I work with addiction even though I struggle as well. (I'm definitely a functioning one.) A counselor is supposed to meet you where you are not invalidate your journey and what's important to you. 
Eek that's awful. I would be worried about other patients she would be treating with similiar addiction problems. You are strong but others may not be and I know in the past that would have given me the free pass to carry on as I was. I'm not the sort to complain about everything but in this instance I would be inclined to make a formal compliant.
"Smelled like a hobo's shoe filled with turpentine"..I'm in tears.. as an ex-hobo I'm allowed to find that hilarious. My friend Johnny and I used to say the one homeless shelter we stayed at smelt like "feet and 50 years of failure". ..On a serious note it sounds like someone should report her to her professional association for her own good. They can look into it properly. 
Man that is awful. Please get a new therapist. That woman needs to be fired and never work in the mental health field ever again. 
I had a similar experience with a counsellor about 7 years ago. Not all counsellors are good unfortunately. I feel for you  because when you go see someone like that you are very vulnerable. Takes time to recover from that too. Life sucks eh? Don't go back  that's what I did- I got a phone call from the counsellor a few days after the session saying 'I hope you come back?' I never did. Went home and bitched about it to my flat mate who agreed with me. ..It's a good thing that you were able to see she is wrong about booze  because someone else might not have been and they could have gone on a bender. ..
Is it possible that on some level its all in your head and you're projecting your own alcoholism onto the therapist? like maybe your brain is exaggerating things. just a theory
I spent 6 years as board chair for a substance abuse prevention non profit..I successfully overcame a xanax and sleeping pill addiction in my teens..I successfully stopped drinking for about 5 years after college..I successfully battled OCD was able to manage through cognitive behavioral therapy and was aware of my compulsive tendencies....I still woke up one morning and realized I spent a year where I moved from socially drinking to being dependent and was living for my next binge...I have no idea how it happened. I have no idea how I woke up one morning as a full blown alcoholic. I spent years rebuilding my life and after a year or two of socially drinking I woke up one morning realizing everything had spiraled out of control...The shame of feeling like "I should have known better" kept me from admitting I had a problem for a good 8 months until I couldn't deny it any longer...I won't drink with you too! I hope you find a good therapist. Therapy is really kick ass when done right.
Wow! I'm glad to see you already know the right thing to do get a new therapist! That is awful. A therapist should be able to really talk about the most basic issues without interjecting their personal beliefs. It makes me sick that you had to go through this. I hope eventually she sees the error of her ways and gets the help she needs.
that. is. AWFUL. I'm so sorry you had that experience!!!..many moons ago I had an eating disorder and saw a therapist who was not good for me. she said harmful things and couldn't be compassionate toward my vulnerability. I kept going for years because I didn't know any better...my therapist now is calm kind funny helpful but above all *professional.* I trust her wholeheartedly. she has been crucial to my recovery and self-improvement. I hope you find someone who can treat your health with care. 
As someone who kinda works in a related field get rid of that fucking bum. Ask them to change your therapist or whatever it takes.
Whoa. Can you report this? Imagine if this pushed you over the edge. Not sure how someone in such a state could possibly provide professional advice. They should have canceled the session! Hope you find some good support among your friends and family. And of course sd.  I will not drink with you today. 
I was taught that when dealing with other issues first you have to strip off the substance abuse issues.  ..Poly drug therapy and self medicating large issues in a lack of consistent results in the mental health field.  ( I know they are working with the only tools they have) ..Adding alcohol and other recreational drugs on top just complicates this further.  ..You need a different therapist. 
Time to get a new therapist.
Please stop seeing her!..Congrats on your self-improvement!
Gosh if I had a therapist say to me I would have taken it as permission to keep drinking. Scary.
OP you do not deserve this treatment. I would like to encourage you to report this therapist to either the director of your clinic or hospital or your state licensing board.  Here's a link to find yours how to organize a report and other resources:  ..http://www.therapyabuse.org/RS_licensebds.htm..If what you've written is accurate her conduct is dangerous to you unethical and illegal. She sounds like she could be both harmful to other clients and even to herself. My degree is in counseling and I've never heard of such strange dangerous behavior of a counselor before. She needs to be removed and to get help. 
I'm convinced we're safe here! Thank you REDDIT!
Wow good on you for staying strong and not letting their (obvious) bias convince you otherwise. Outside of just being wrong that is pretty unprofessional and you should do what you can to get assigned a new therapist. That doesn't sound like a healthy or beneficial environment. 
Happy 11 days friend! We're on the same timeline. Agree with the other posters find a new therapist
Sounds like you need to shop around for a new therapist. I am currently doing that and part of my criteria is they have a background in drug and alcohol therapy. 
Time to find a new therapist. :(  sorry to say.. that sucks.  Grossly unprofessional on her part...That would be like a personal trainer being obese and telling you that your diet is "totally unrelated to your current weight situation."  
I think they should pull that therapist's ticket
Worst therapist ever!!
Ho. Ly. Shiiit...OP get yourself a new therapist. I'm getting angry for you just thinking about this lady. I'm sorry she wasn't there for you as you were struggling and to support your decision but how great that you're able to see through her and not be taken in by her own sickness.
This is horrifying. I agree she should be reported for her own sake as well as the sake of her patients. I'm so sorry that happened OP. :( 
I went to a therapist once because of some depression.  Once I told her how much I drank and smoked pot she said she can't council me and referred me to a CDC.  She flat out said she has no idea what it's like to be addicted to anything so she couldn't relate.  I went to a CDC and that was that.  Nice lady.
Time to find a new therapist. 
Time for a new therapist.  ..I had one who denied my problem with alcohol.  I persistently brought up my concerns.  I specifically recall her telling me that it's normal to have a glass of wine to unwind at the end of the day.  ..Cue me finding a new psychiatrist because the one she referred me to fired me for having a drinking problem.  Yeah.  She wouldn't treat me unless I stopped drinking...One of the first things the new psychiatrist said to me was that I definitely needed to quit drinking.  Directly and kindly.  And he said that he would help. ..I know that professionals are human beings too but I find it inexcusable to not know your own limits and examine the transference issues.  The harm that can be done through being a shitty therapist is immeasurable.
I tried starting therapy back in college meanwhile I was taking psych and philosophy classes. I had one genuinely caring and helpful therapist but I resolved to believe that 1. Clinical therapy in the united States is not an ideal treatment for mental health by far and 2. Therapists are human too and usually not any better off than anyone else and if they're worse off usually for career anxiety they're more stubborn than their clients. A good therapist is a rare find. My question is is are you still gonna spend money/time meeting with that therapist or find a new one? 
"There's nothing wrong with having the occasional drink" .Sounds like a BS excuse to drink.
If my therapist constantly gave me those tempting psychological outs - "drinking is fine go for it!" - it would only be a matter of time before I rationalized a bender with their advice as my very own special hall pass. ..Fuck that therapist. 
Showing up for work reeking of booze and impaired is really fucked up. ..When you leave next week perhaps you should tell her that it's because her behaviour when under the influence of alcohol was unprofessional and you have lost confidence in her ability to do her job correctly. Leave out all of your feelings about the things she said etc. Just remark that she was clearly under the influence and it affected her job performance. You can send this in an email or leave a written note on your way out. ..It may be something that helps her see that she has a problem. If not now perhaps later when she's willing to be honest about her drinking. 
I heard a great line from one of my therapists once and I'm paraphrasing here... "Therapists can have the worst relationship issues because they know how to fix everyone else's problems but their own." I laughed at it and he chuckled.
TBH just because someone is a therapist means they have the tools and know-how to help you. ..That's like taking financial advice from a broke financial planner OR working out with a fitness trainer that's out of shape. 
If this happened to me I would not even consider seeing her again even for the last time unless I was prepared to be honest with her and really tell her why. Good luck my friend!
You need a new therapist. 
Wow. Just ... wow. I feel so fortunate that I lucked out with the therapist I have. One of her specialties is addiction therapy which was one of the reasons I chose her - but then my ONLY reason to seek help this time around was my drinking. I've had issues with depression in the past but have always known the drinking was the root of most of my issues and I have had one therapist who actually triggered me more than she helped...Do you have an option of seeing a different therapist? Is this one still helping you somehow in spite of her issues? 
Worst. Therapist. Ever. 
Depression and alcohol intake are unrelated? Hmmm. If she's wrong about that I wonder what else she's wrong about?.
Classic example of the student becoming the teacher
