-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t8zz8/battling_with_my_own_mind_is_the_hardest_part_for/

I officially decided it's time to stop drinking about 2 months ago now. I was abusing drink to the point it was getting dangerous and I knew that if I didn't stop I knew that I would seriously do some damage to myself. I genuinely hated myself I hated what I was and that I had sunk to this level. ..I was doing really well had over 50 days sober but I ruined it when I relapsed and now I've had odd days where I keep stupidly drinking one or two drinks to cope with stress from work(stupid I know). ..Does anyone else struggle with their own mind to the point that it drives you nuts having a little beer sitting on your shoulder whispering in your ear telling you to have a drink but you got good health and everything else you truly want sitting on your other shoulder telling you to stop this right now?..I know I truly want to stop it's just hard when temptation and excuses are everywhere.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah. I had about 60 days under my belt and crashed due to stress and lack of better coping mechanisms. I started drinking like no tomorrow and developed gastritis first physical signs of health failure due drinking. I'm at day 2 of being sober. Been planning about to start gym tai chi/yoga+meditation+antidepressants+enough freetime every night to make sure it doesn't happen again. If I fail again I wouldn't be too surprised to find out that my pancreas is failing. I think it is best to quit when it's still relatively easy as this condition is progressive...I just came from the store and when I saw people buying cases of beer it  made me jealous. But I rationalized to myself that in the end it's like being allergic to gluteine and being jealous that other people can eat normal bread... with the difference that this bread destroys not only my body and mind but my ability to work study budget my finances and having  relationships with others. 
trying looking or eckart tolle he talks about mindfulness and being present 
Yup. Mine calls me a faggot says I'm ugly that I'm going to die and I should just get blackout drunk and watch porn because that's all I'm really good for...Ain't addiction grand!? :(..It gets better though this streak the voices are getting quieter.
Yeah I struggle with alien thoughts encroaching on my consciousness at random intervals. They are really weak now and have been for the last 4 months or so but at first it was very intense and distracting. Their force fades over time and it gets a lot easier to manage them as time goes on and you get better at coping. Keep on keeping on you are doing great.
