-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t9asu/six_months_havent_posted_in_a_while/

Hello fellow sobernauts. I haven't posted here in awhile so I thought it'd be nice to write an update of my journey in recovery. I'm one of those who has had to reset my badge several times it's taken me about two years of hacking away at sobriety to put together a consecutive period of six months. This is going to be a LONG post so I apologize for being wordy...I'm happy to report that last Saturday I was able to celebrate six months and I picked up a six month chip at an AA meeting I sometimes frequent. This is the longest consecutive period of sobriety for me and I'm pretty stoked. My last drunk was an ugly one and a new low for me. Read on if you're curious how that went down...Late last July I was at the beach on a family vacation with my wife and two kids my parents and my two sisters and all of their kids. I was at about five months sober when we arrived for the week but I was feeling very discontent. I had been fantasizing about a relapse for weeks up until this point. It felt like I was just going to explode if I didn't "try it out" one more time. It's strange to think about now as I don't have those sort of feelings now. I'm very much at peace with my recovery right now which is a great thing. I'm thankful...Anyway shortly after arriving to our hotel and unloading the car I began to plan out how I'd do it. It took several trips for me to get everything out of our SUV and several rides in a hot and humid elevator. My discontent with life was rising. I thought to myself I could make a run to the grocery store down the street and gather our supplies needed for the week and look like a gentleman for offering to go. ..I had some cash tucked away for such a special occasion which is important to avoid a paper trail (my wife and I share a bank account and she is aware of all transactions). I pull up to the grocery store and there happens to be a liquor store right across the street. Perfect...I should also mention I've tried several medications to help aid me in recovery one of which is antabuse. As I'm sure many of you know the point of taking this medication is to make you second guess taking a drink. Should you drink while taking it you'll have a very violent reaction. Side effects include elevated blood pressure turning red headaches nausea sweating you name it. All very unpleasant things. At the time of this trip I had carefully planned "missing" a few doses before we left and I "accidentally" left the bottle at home. ..I wasn't sure if enough time had passed between my last dose of antabuse and this drink I was about to take so I had to take things slow (I should mention with my type of drinking I'm a human garbage disposal. I have no preference what method of delivery the alcohol is in I'd drink it all.) .Anyway back to our story. I walk in the liquor store and grab two airplane bottles of jack for my experiment. I slap the cash down on the register and walk out with my purchase in hand. I slide the two bottles into my pocket and throw away the sinful black bag they came in. I really had no second thoughts at this point I was committed to this relapse. ..I go into the grocery store and proceed to the bathroom with my two small units of alcohol. I go into a stall close the door and slam them down the hatch. There we go the old familiar sting as the booze slipped down my throat and into my empty stomach. I walk out of the bathroom and go about my shopping. As I walk around I start experiencing a nice warm buzz. For about fifteen minutes it was pleasant. ..I load up my vehicle with the groceries throw in a mint in my mouth to hide the smell and blast the AC. It's a very warm summer day. I think I'm in the clear as far as the antabuse goes experiment complete. The feeling from the booze began to fade a little and I thought to myself: "Oh yeah I can't wait to really tie one off. That was nice." As I drive back to the hotel I notice my face begins to turn beet red.  Oh shit I didn't wait enough time from my last dose of antabuse. I'm fucked. ..I bring up the groceries to our hotel room where I'm staying for the week with my wife kids and parents. My wife corners me in the doorway. She sees my red face (we've been together ten years she has supported me in active addiction and recovery she has seen it all. She knows me like the back of her hand.) She is very suspicious. As I'm trying to explain yeah my face is red because it's so hot out she catches the smell of my breathe. The mints didn't work well enough she whispers to me "No. You can't be serious sobernaut1012. Alcohol?!" ..Everyone in my family knows of my struggles with alcohol and that I've put together about five months at this time. Everyone is super proud of me. Anyways yes I was caught red handed. She was livid. I'd relapsed on our special family vacation a few moments after arriving there for the week. She was concerned about the interaction with the antabuse and the alcohol. I explained I'd be fine it only seemed to be a minor reaction and I've just had two drinks. I apologize profusely. Yeah whatever she said. ..My face remains very red and uncomfortable the rest of night. My parents don't say anything about it. My father was recovering from some health issues (a stroke a few months ago) and was told to monitor his blood pressure. If it got too high he should seek medical attention. None of this could have been helpful for him. Now I wish I could say the relapse ended there. It didn't...A few days later when I'm more certain I'm in the clear as far as the antabuse I make a well planned run to the liquor store in the pouring rain. I grab a fifth of my old cheap favorite vodka. I get in a dangerous mode when in relapse I think well I'm back to zero days. I might as well see where the booze takes me. Man I'm an idiot sometimes. Anyway with my ultra low tolerance to alcohol with my recent stint in sobriety and mixing in hard liquor this was sure to be a shitshow. I drink about a third of it that night before a family dinner where my sisters are staying. They've spent a lot of time preparing a nice meal for everyone and I show up blitzed. I'm supposed to be in recovery. The meal goes okay and I'm extra chatty my wife picks up on it and gives me glares. She checks my pockets. She knows. We argue about it that night and I make up stupid excuses. This is on a Tuesday and we leave from the vacation Saturday morning. I keep the rest of the vodka well hidden in my vehicle and I don't touch it until I've had enough of everyone's shit on Thursday night...I had made plans for my father and I along with my two younger nephews to go on a private charter fishing trip. We had to be there super early about 6 AM. It was planned for the next day Friday morning. We never made it there...It was around 7 or 8 in the evening and my wife and I got into another argument over the drinking. She and the kids go walking down the beach with my mother I take off to the parking deck to hit the booze. Over the course of the next couple of hours I walk around taking swigs and finish off the bottle around 10 pm. ..At this point I'm three sheets to the wind. I'm near black out. I tell my wife I'm sorry about my behavior all week and that I'm going to call someone in recovery to talk about what has happened. In reality I'm about a mile down the beach from our hotel about to enter a bar. I go in and have a couple of pints. At this point my mother texts me she hasn't said anything to me all week. She knows what's up and begs me to please come back to the hotel and sleep it off. I'm concerning everyone with my behavior (I've done a lot of stupid shit in addiction and on relapses. They have good reason to be worried.) ..I oblige and stumble my way down the beach back to the hotel. I'm completely drunk and have full intentions of going back out. I'm not thinking about anything else. I make my way into our room and go to bed. I lay there about a hour and everyone else is asleep. ..I'm actually amazed I didn't passed out at this point. I get up mostly in a blackout state (but I can still recall memory from this point) and make my escape. It's about midnight at this point. I get an uber to take me back to the bar. It's at this point I make a complete ass of myself. I talk to everyone at the bar I attempt to arm wrestle people I buy drinks for everyone. I buy double shots for myself. I get to talking to someone from the midwest who is there moving his father out of a condo. ..We start talking about weed (I also used to smoke a shit ton of it along with drink in my active addiction) and make some sort of plans to grab his stash and smoke it. I haven't smoked in over a year at this point. Is at this moment that my brain decides to shut this shit down no more memories I can recall. I'm completely blacked out. ..The next thing I can hazely remember is talking to a police officer. I fade back out. A few hours later I come to in a jail cell a drunk tank. I spew out vomit several times. There is someone locked up across from me we appear to be the only two there. I'm not sure what he was on but he bangs his head on the bars demanding to be let out. He busts his head open and they take him away on a stretcher in cuffs. He returns a few hours later with stitches. His plan didn't work...I have never been locked up before so I feel very trapped in here behind bars. I'm laying on a slab of concrete in my own vomit. I briefly attempt to knock my head on the bars also to get free but I'm too drunk. I can't even make the motion. I pass out again for a few hours...An officer comes to talk to me and I ask what time it is. 9 AM. We're not making that fishing trip shit. I feel absolutely horrible as you can imagine. I asked what happened and they told me I was passed out in a parking lot near the bar. They arrested me for public drunkenness (it's known to happen quite a bit in this area). ..While all of this went down I didn't talk to anyone from my family to let them know what I was doing (obviously). After I pay my fine and get all my stuff back I turn on my phone to a horrible slew of messages from everyone checking on me. My wife discovered I was gone around 2 AM and she and my sisters start trying to find me calling local bars and hospitals (I've tried to commit suicide before on relapses). She checked local police arrests and saw that I was arrested so her and my sister were waiting to pick me up when I got out...At this point I'm utterly humiliated. It was a new low for me and not many words were exchanged on the way back to the hotel. I had ruined the family vacation for everyone. My mother and father drove back late in the night because his blood pressure was way high from all of the drama and had anxiety about another stroke occurring. ..In the course of about 12 hours I had wasted about $1000 in bar tabs fines from the arrest and money spent on a deposit for the fishing trip we didn't make. This was on top of all the other collateral damage I had caused. I slept roughly off and on for the next 24 hours until it is time to leave the hotel physically recovering from the hell I had just put my body through. I made a promise to myself that I was going to give recovery another shot and do everything I could to stay sober. I was going to try something different from last time. This couldn't keep happening. ..I'm happy to report that I haven't felt the need to take a drink since that horrible night over six months ago. I attended AA a few times week but I didn't have a sponsor or work the steps. I had some really bad experiences with a sponsor previously over the fourth step (discussing "my part" in bouts of sexual child abuse I suffered. I didn't have a part I was a victim. It was horrible it sucked. Another topic for another day). ..I did start attending something we have in our community called FAVOR. They believe in multiple pathways to recovery they don't advocate one method over the other. They offer meetings where people can bring up a topic and it's a little different than what I experienced in AA. You can cross talk you can ask questions and advice from people and get answers. ..I'm an atheist and always had a real problem with the "spiritual" basis in most 12 step meetings I attended so I loved this "non-theistic" approach to recovery. Coming to the group 4-5 times a week on my lunch break and opening up making friends it really did wonders for my recovery and my attitude...I've always been overweight my whole life so I also changed my diet and started lifting three times a week (after joining the local Y). I also take my kids there and swim with them and my son enjoys playing sports when they are in season. I really think this changing up of my peers and recovery community along with a good diet and exercise have played a huge role in my success this time around in recovery...I've never been this strong in my life mentally and physically. It feels amazing. If you would've told me six months ago while I was laying in a pool of my own sweat and vomit in a drunk tank that things could be this much better just a few months later and that I could remain sober one day at a time well I would've called you crazy and thought I was having another delirium. ..Relapse is a part of recovery but it doesn't have to be. I really and sincerely hope I never experience another one. I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm going to check in here more. I really love reading the posts here and encouraging other people. Everyone can obtain recovery if they just keep trying! If you've read this whole thing I greatly appreciate it. So many words! Catch ya next time sobernauts. ..edit: Thanks for all of the replies everyone I enjoyed reading them all!
----------immediate responses--------

thank you for posting this. as someone who is starting again for the 100th time you give me hope that i can actually make this stick. congrats on 6th months! 
Thanks for taking the time to write this. Very inspiring and congrats !
Great story.  I really enjoyed it.
Thanks for sharing dam man that shows how powerful this addiction is. I appreciate your honesty and story.
We all have our own bottoms.....looks like we quit the same day! Congrats...
That's a really good thing for me to read on a Friday night. Thanks.
Damn... you went big. Glad to hear you're sober and happy. We also joined the Y. I always thought being a "normal" mom and doing boring family shit would be the worst. Turns out I actually enjoy spending time with my family and exercising together is a lot of fun! ..Keep it up! We've got this! 
Thank you for the inspiration and the honesty.
Relapse stories scare the shit out of me.
This is my first and only sober stretch. Reading your post from start to finish makes me feel determined to keep this going. Thank you so much for being able to write such personal accounts of your experiences reading it helps me and I'm sure it helps you to reflect. ..Proud of what you've achieved and what you're continuing to achieve you have reminded me that there is no time for complacency. I will not drink with you today. 
Your story brought tears to my eyes! I am also 6 months sober after many relapses. Thank you for writing this. And congrats!!!!! It's so much better on the other side! Never question the decision.
Thank you for sharing this. I've been struggling against the pull of relapse pretty hard lately.
I've relapsed so many times it's crazy. I want to thank you for your story.
my scroll broke but its all good
Thanks for sharing.  You've made a lot of growth over the past 6 months congratulations! .I really enjoyed reading about your experiences with AA and the other support group and approach.  I would also like reading about your hurdle with step 4.  Keep sharing keep not drinking keep staying healthy!
Thanks for the share. Alluding to what you said at some point the relapsing and shitshows don't have to happen to learn. To me booze is a delicious poison sorta like white sugar except police and hurt aren't involved in the latter...My AA homegroup is Agnostic discussion. I always had love for the big book and people but God attitude and hubris drove me out in my early years. But I always had the knowledge I gained until I came back
Thak you for your honesty..  I can relate ..I won't drink with you anytime..
