-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t9ql5/should_i_reset_my_start_date/

Hey guys ..I'm feeling pretty terrible right now. ..I didn't really plan on drinking. Well subconsciously I probably wanted to (well because on some level I always want to but willpower overrides that). ..So I've gotten pretty used to having non-alcoholic drinks while friends drink. Two days ago I was drinking soda water with them after having had one of the benzos (at a therapeutic dose not abusive) I'd gotten after having had flare-ups of panic attacks lately. ..It was a different type of benzo than one I'm used to (Ativan instead of Klonopin for what it's worth). Lo and behold I suddenly feel a bit of a buzz. Next thing I feel a strong case of 'fuckitis' coming on and all resolve to not drink goes out the window. A completely drunken night ensues and the next morning I wake up feeling absolutely horrible and defeated that I've broken sobriety. I really didn't mean to. :/ ..Does anyone here distinguish between slips and full relapses? It feels like lying if I don't reset my date but at the same time it feels so humiliating. ..As an aside: It's astounding how quickly those people who claimed to support your recovery will turn back on that and actively encourage your drinking once you slip and get that first drink. I know my recovery is my responsibility and mine alone but I didn't think people would actually be cheering me on and buying me shots. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi your badge is meant for you and is yours to do with as you see fit.  No one will judge you for any of it.  ..&gt; I didn't think people would actually be cheering me on and buying me shots...When it comes to my sobriety I know my friends don't really know what to say.  Sometimes it's not what I'd want but they probably don't really know how to be encouraging.
Regardless of what you decide to do with your badge I just wanted to say what you have achieved is incredible! That many days really inspires people like myself who can never string more than 10 days together. Whether you reset or not those days don't simply disappear and they show true commitment and resolve please be proud of that achievement.
Sorry to hear about your slip up.  I hope you don't feel defeated.  You are doing really well.  I'm rooting for you!
&gt;It's astounding how quickly those people who claimed to support your recovery will turn back on that and actively encourage your drinking once you slip and get that first drink. ..I know this all too well. One night when I was craving I turned to my SO and said as much. Said I wanted a beer. ."Have a beer" he replied. .Granted he didn't go the fridge and crack it open for me and bark "CHUG CHUG CHUG ARRGGHHH!!! THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!" but he knows damn well what this means to me. I don't think he meant to encourage me really but it was an all-too swift and cheerful reply. Like "Yay! My drinking buddy is back!" Which thankfully made me not want to drink that night...Whatever you decide I'm glad you're back and I will not drink with you tonight.
Me personally I would reset my badge for that (I also keep track of days for not smoking weed and I've reset after smoking a couple hits at a party) but that in no way invalidates the resolve you've shown.  You'll be back to that number before you know if you go right back to not drinking.
I slipped about 5.5 months ago. Badge reset for me.
In SMART sometimes people talk about a lapse vs. a relapse. The former would mean one episode or event while the latter would mean a more substantial return to the original habit. I'm not crazy about the language but it illustrates a good point. ..One of the problems with counting days is just this - you still have 126 days. And maybe at the end of one year you'll have 364/365 days. But if abstinence is a *skill* rather than a currency al that you've learned towards your new skill over the past 127 days is still right there at hand. ..For me I would definitely definitely reset but I'd also try to work with the feeling of humiliation and remember that the badge is just a tool towards helping each of us get to see where we're at and remind ourselves of our vulnerability and continued challenge. Good on all that time you *do* still have and good on you for being honest. ..Won't drink with you today.
If I decide to drink then not drink again it's a whole new game...
