-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tjthg/im_embarrassed_to_keep_saying_that_i_relapse/

It's getting annoying to keep telling people that alcohol is bad for me but I still relpase and relape again and again. I know being sober it's not easy it's really hard. I hear stories that people just stop just like that. I don't know if i can do that i'm fine for a couple of months and then the booze is calling again. I hope it was only alcohol but when i'm drunk i always buy coke and get really fucked up kinda suicidal hopping that next snort is the last and finally OD and die. It's getting really tiring...This time really needs to last forever (no pressure there right?). Take day by day go to therapy (i've never done that and I think it's time) and hope for the best...I'm just worried that I will keep relapsing from time to time. If i keep relapsing then what's the point of all of these? ..Thanks for reading.I will not drink with you today
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;If i keep relapsing then what's the point of all of these?..My alcohol problem kept telling me this. "Victoria you're just going to relapse might as well not even try. I mean look at the stats there's no WAY you can stay sober. Now go grab a bottle and let's settle into this life we've created okay?"..I ended up giving recovery a choice and telling that voice to go fuck itself. Then I got really hardcore into recovery. I went to meetings I went to rehab I literally did everything I could to increase my odds of succeeding. People thought I was taking it too far. No alcohol in the house? No bars? No vanilla extract? Staying at home and going to AA meetings? ..But yeah I really wanted to beat the odds. And I did. And I am. So fuck you relapse odds. Fuck you.
I can defintely relate with you. I quit back In early December but have fallen off the wagon multiple times but this "kindling" withdrawals has me convinced this last time needs to be my last. I'll go two weeks without a drink and then I would drink a 6 pack and the next morning my body felt like I was drinking for weeks! Took me a whole week to recover 
I've relapsed a bunch of times. Some have been devastating and I lost a lot. Some have been relatively minor. Some I didn't care about at all. Still getting sober again and trying to have a program of recovery is so important I don't think it can be overstated. ..Getting sober again and trying to have a program of recovery is a learning experience. I have learned so much about my disease that has helped me and made my life better - even though I have relapsed. My continued effort has also afforded me the opportunity to help other people who are suffering. ..I don't know if you realize it but your post here helps me stay sober. You wouldn't have helped me were you not trying. ..You might relapse in the future but tomorrow is another day to try to get things right. ..I won't drink with you today!
All you have to do is stay sober today. And keep doing that each day. I don't worry about having to brush my teeth for the rest of my life. I just have to do it today.
The way I think about it is if I relapse it's like I tripped and I just have to get up and keep on walking yeah I look stupid when I trip in front of everyone but I'd look even stupider if I just lay there and don't get up and keep walking. I might trip again but as long as I keep getting up maybe one day I'll learn to walk without tripping but if nothing else I'll be further down the road than if I just continued to lay there each time I trip.
I think the best advice I ever got was that relapse was part of recovery. This isn't to justify relapsing but to reframe the mentality from "I've already screwed up so one more time is nothing" into something more positive like "I was doing well and had a setback. I remember why I started this quitting process to begin with. Let's not do that again" ..
Hey now... hear this.  I worked in a weight loss clinic.  The big goal was to teach people that temptation is there but not to give up if they decided to eat what they really shouldn't.  Usually people would eat some cake and figured they had blown it and go on a binge that would last for days.  Our job was to get the person to stop at the cake and go right back on the plan no matter how hard the pull.  People do have setbacks but as you go on it is entirely possible you will have less.  Good luck- Jet
My personal though on this is people who don't have their own issues with addiction might not understand how incredibly difficult it can be to stay sober..Almost every other addict/alcoholic who's in recovery will probably understand stand and not judge you in any sort of way for it. We get it and we've been there..Don't stop talking about it. For every relapse it takes an incredible amount of strength to show humility and speak your truth. Using is easy; it's coming back and getting clean that's the hard part..I hope you deal with compassionate and understanding people who are just happy that you are trying. Most people I've encountered are this way. Unfortunately there are people out there who very well may be uneducated and/or ignorant but that is NOT your problem and their own judgements are really coming from themselves not you. So fuck anyone that judges you because you really don't need that in your life..You're on the right path man. It's fucking incredible where this road can take you.
sounds VERY familiar - the relapses the coke the regret - exactly the same sort of pattern i often fall into...other than agreeing that trying therapy going to meetings and taking it day by day is best i can't offer any magic words of advice as you can see i'm on day 3 myself again after a relapse (no coke this time thankfully) but i will not drink (or snort) with you today...Stay strong amigo - you CAN do this!
When I decided to quit once and for all I was determined to give any avenue of help that was available to me an honest try. For me that meant therapy and AA. I found so much support and experience to lean on in AA. Have you tried everything that is available to you? 
Some great answers here. I just want to add that for me stopping wasn't the real goal. The real goal was to restore sanity and have a better life. Quitting drinking was just a step toward that and sometimes the more I focused on just not drinking the more I wanted a drink. 
