-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tm8zd/not_drinking_makes_you_sexy/

Even if you're struggling--slip ups doubt the sadness of life--and even if you're not trying to get in shape or lose any weight. It just changes your whole vibe. It feels awesome to look healthy and rested. It's nice to look better but it's about feeling proud. My wife says the main thing she's noticed is confidence. She's right: I used to feel shame and now I don't. ..I believe in you all today! Whether you're on your sixth reset of the week or at fifty years you're making progress just by being here. ..[Here's me before in May of 2016.](http://m.imgur.com/aLnkR3k)..[Here's me the other day 30+ lbs down.](http://m.imgur.com/InkQFa4)
----------immediate responses--------

HAWT!
Congratulations on how you're feeling--and looking!!  
You look great!
Awesome!
Shame you lost your eye. Joke! You look fantastic keep it up. We all have you're back 
Looking awesome! I can see the confidence shining through. Keep it up:)
TRUTH!!!
It sure does! Check out that sexy wink!! ;) You look great congrats Corky!
My man!
Really amazing Great work!
Oh man you've inspired me. I need to lose 20-30 lbs too!..I want to show up at a memorial day cookout completely fit and sober..and maybe make some new friends. 
Wow!!! 
That is so encouraging!!! Thanks for posting!!!
YOU da man!
Quitting drinking has done wonders for the way I look too. Along with sensible eating and exercise but I wouldn't have had the motivation to do that if I were still drinking!..http://m.imgur.com/a/PiNuF
Awesome job! You look fantastic!.I've also noticed a huge difference in how I feel emotionally since I quit. Learning to finally love myself and be proud of myself rather than hide in my disease has been such a healing process. That shame you mention - I remember that and it's something I don't have to feel anymore. Great job - to EVERYONE on here. I won't drink with you today! 
Hey now. Good work by you! 
Lady that's a huge difference in how I feel like a bazillion times better.
Well said good sir.
WOW! You've inspired me with your transformation!
That Corky is so hot right now.
Word! I've had a lot of stuff going on and have to remind myself 'oh yeah I've stopped drinking - things are actually quite good!' :) 
Great work!..I've lost about 5kg (11lbs?) since I quit drinking and started eating a bit healthier I'm now (according to my BMI within the higher end of normal instead of being overweight. #feelsgoodman.
Cool post thank yo!
Congrats you look a lot better
Nice work.
Thanks for sharing this! You look great and I love your attitude! Hope to follow your lead!
http://i.imgur.com/mUEOwIM.png..And you beat be by one day!!!! 
You look mav a lous !! For real. :-)
Wow that's great congrats! You look awesome
Awesome!  Keep it up.  Not drinking with you today. 
Looking good!
awesome man comedian John Pinnette talks about losing weight in the face couldn't find a vid but:..&gt;"people say I can really see it in your face! ..&gt;you see it in my face? What was I before? ..&gt;The kool aid man?" ....looking good!
You look awesome!! Congrats! 
Good year! But to be honest 89. 82 just rhymed better ;). I'm also on my own stop drinking journey! Thanks for the inspirational post you look great! .
Looking good!
Jeez you dropped 10 years 
You even look more handsome! The shine of your eyes is different!
I don't drink as a personal preference. And it certainly does not make me sexy. In fact most people won't even hang out with me because they just want to drink. :/
Fuck yeah you look AMAZING dude. I noticed a difference in my face after two weeks into the month I went without drinking. I looked more vibrant and healthy. I never realized how much of a toll drinking takes on your face and skin. I got used to the dry patches and red splotches. I'm sure being sober enough to wash and moisturize my face everyday had a pretty big part but being dehydrated doesn't do any of us any favors. If it shows that much on our skin I can't imagine the damage it does on the organs we can't see. 
Duude! That confidence just builds. The eyes have it. 
A good advertisement for not consuming. Advertisers cant market restraint but they should!
Looking excellent sir! 
100% true. I'm not single but if I was sobriety would be my number one priority/dealbreaker. Sloppy is not sexy.
Lookin good bruh 
You can really tell the difference between those two photos man keep it up!
Got a man crush going.
Awesome! Congratulations! Looking great and hopefully feeling great too!!
You look great! And yes it's not all about the physical. Confidence rocks and it shines through. Well done! 
Wow!
