-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tmfm9/relapsed_its_not_worth_it/

Hey guys just wanted to share my story. I was 20 days sober and then last night I relapsed when a friend handed me a drink. One drink turned into multiple. Take it from me it's not worth it. The shame and guilt felt from relapsing are not worth it. If you are struggling right now trust me that struggle is better than the shame of relapsing. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you. I was at 39 days and decided to go out with friends on Thursday. A couple beers at the bar led to a trip to the liquor store on my way home and more drinks there. I still feel like crap today after Thursday's booze and Friday's hungover food binge. ..You're right - it's not worth it. At least now we are aware of the affects and know how much better things are without drinking. ..Glad you're back here. I won't drink with you today!
I really dislike resetting after getting to double digits! Not drinking tonight or today!
Friends can be the worst thing for staying sober.  Since I quit about a month ago (after drinking a bottle of wine almost daily for a year) some of my friends have said things like: "you can have just one glass of wine right?" Or "you're not an alcoholic just a problem drinker. One drink isn't a big deal." Ugh. I quit because I was a shit show and knew I was drinking to numb myself. Alcoholic or not I just tell them I don't need to justify why I am not drinking. I am just not doing it. Stay strong. I won't drink with you today. 
Thanks for posting. I'm browsing SD right now because I am struggling. I have a lot of days racked up but I'm struggling for a few reasons today. Your last few words - "struggle is better than the shame of relapsing" - might be the wisdom that pulls me through. 
Thanks for sharing your research and reminding us "it's not worth it." Welcome back. Take care. I won't drink with you today.
I hear ya friend. Glad you're back!
I am sorry to hear you had a rough night.  But so glad you came here to get some support and stop it in its tracks also to be a support to others..I will not drink with you today.
