-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tq9wr/tips_for_cravings/

I've noticed a lot of threads about people relapsing and I can relate. I haven't yet but I've had cravings for hours. I just overheard a cigarette commercial that said "cigarettes will re-wire your brain until it's ALL you think about" LIKE WOW YUP. Alcohol is 100% doing that right now. I just got back from a meeting. I'm trying to "not drink no matter what"....I actually bought a pack of cigarettes but my throat is super messed up and I've been coughing for days just from smoking two! I hate cigs I just wanted something to calm me down. I'm contemplating buying whipped cream but it's such a waste of money for almost no high. Ugh it's like an annoying itch that won't go away.....Maye I should just take my sleeping medications and knock myself out...
----------immediate responses--------

I've had that kind of day as well-coming off a Bender. I'm planning on going to bed as early as humanly possible getting passed this withdrawal and feeling good again.
In my experience substituting one high for another didn't lead me to recovery.  Sounds like an AA meeting might be helpful.  Have you tried going to one?
I ate a lot of sugar. A lot.
I have been known to take an Advil PM and go to bed as early as possible if that's what it takes.  No craving has survived til the following morning.  Are you familiar with Smart Recovery at all?  Handling urges is big part of the [program](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/toolchest.htm.)  
Herbal tea really helps me.  I like loose leaf the best since the brewing process is more involved and by the time I've boiled the water steeped the leaves poured a hot cup and started to drink it about 15 minutes have passed and the craving is over...Eating something nutritious helps too (if hungry). 
Please don't smoke! I say that because it is deadly. I lost my dad and youngest sister to lung cancer due to smoking. ..I found that eating something sweet helped with cravings. So did exercise. There was something about tonic with lime that helped too. 
I try telling myself that I can think about drinking after I finish the task at hand. Those few minutes give me enough time to let the craving pass &amp; to move on to more productive thoughts.  If you can just quit drinking 5 minutes at a time you are still quitting.  I will not drink with you today.
Ice cream!
Sweets?  Alcohol converts to sugar and that's part of what our bodies are craving.  Ice cream and cheap candy bars got me through the first few weeks.  That said I also took my sleeping meds very early each night for a month or more.  I could handle not drinking at 4am much easier than I could at 8pm.
As others have said sugar. In particular carbs. I know that might be problematic for some but it has helped particularly in the first few days. I was actually able to kill a couple cravings instantly by just replacing it with the thought of pizza. Which was easier to ignore. 
Ice cream a good tv show (game of thrones narcos Luther etc.) I also like to play with makeup &amp; watch tutorials - if that isn't your thing maybe try testing out some other kind of hobby photography etc. I also drink an obscene amount of diet orange.
