-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tt0av/imposter/

One of the things I struggled with during my brief stint with sobriety last year is that I feel like when I am sober I am an imposter...I did all the things normal people should do.  But I am not normal.  I am a person with a problem pretending that I'm not.  And then I always question of other people around me have the same problem I do.  ..It dawned over me this past week that somehow I do not think I am good enough to even be sober.  It stems from all of those other childhood issues I have about being good enough.  But I do not need anyone to accept that I don't drink except for me.  I am the only one that matters in this scenario like it or not...Last Monday I posted here hungover worried about driving my kid to daycare.  This weekend I unfortunately had a bout with the 24 hour flu (something going around the center) but managed to feel better last night and get prepped for the week.  This morning I feel much better.  If I'd been drinking at all I would probably not be at work today.  While in bed I took another poster's recommendation to read Elizabeth Vargas' book and it really resonated with me -- especially because I deal with anxiety albeit maybe not on her level...I do feel guilty that I didn't get to do anything with my son like I had planned to do this weekend but I can identify that this was because of something out of my control.  So I will not let this put me into a spiral of self loathing today.  And I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to this so much thank you for sharing I will not drink with you today. 
I won't drink with you today. 8 days is great you're doing it! Keep on doing it you absolutely deserve to be sober and happy and healthy and present in your life for your family. What would you tell a friend in your situation? You'd tell her to take care of herself be kind to herself...tell yourself the same things. You deserve good things. 
It will change. It will change. I finally feel at 65 days like I'm shedding the old skin and am able to be one of those normies
You sound a lot like me. I totally get the "imposter" feeling. I feel like I'm faking everything. Which is ridiculous... which doesn't make it easy to explain to my husband who doesn't understand substance abuse or depression. Vicious cycle. ..I am in the middle of *Girl Walks Out of a Bar* by Lisa Smith. She talks a lot of that feeling of inadequacy that stems way back to childhood. I've never felt worthy or smart like people always told me I was... as shitty as it is other people feel this way I'm really happy I'm not the only one. I'm enjoying the book. ..I'm sorry you weren't able to have fun with your son over the weekend. But as you said it was beyond your control. Next weekend you'll feel fine and can make up for it. I'm kind of on the opposite of that spectrum today... we had a super busy family weekend and now my son's home sick from school today. It's that fabulous time of year. ..Hope you feel better asap. I won't drink with you! 
You're definitely not alone feeling like a fraud at times. Google "impostor syndrome". It's so common that it's not considered a disorder of any kind. It's a part of the human experience for most people at some point in their lives...Take care and you *are* worth being sober! 
