-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5txkb2/rs3_day_40_reliving_childhood/

Some refer to becoming sober as being born again and it's not far from the truth...I've had some other issues in life to struggle with that made it sensible to me to "reset" my mind pretty much like a computer and a little format C: ..But there's something to it - because all of a sudden you appreciate small little things that otherwise wouldn't even enter your mind at all you'd take it for granted so much so that you'd totally forget about its actual value to us all...To give you an example:..Imagine you come home from work you're tired you just want that glass of wine or sixpax beer well - ya can't have that anymore that little pleasure of yours is gone possibly forever. So now you gotta deal with reality in a different way...The sadness sets in you're bored you're worried everyone around you expects you to be so much more or expects nothing from you at all - you're left to your own devices. The sadness is hard to handle you desperately try anything to avoid it you work frantically at cleaning or fixing something maybe overcompensate with something else you can binge only so much netflix etc. ..This is when a total system reset comes in handy but beware - it has its downsides such as memory loss forgetting to pay bills on time forgetting stuff you should do (maybe you need to type certain important tasks down BEFORE you do this). I've been practicing this kind of "mind clear" control all my life and it's finally paying off. The destruction of alcohol was the final straw the straw that made it possible to go trough with this idea and fully realize it. It doesn't require any drugs just the numbing effect of massive sadness - it's enough to tranqualize anyone with the massive onslaught of sadness. ..And then - mind bliss. You clear yourself of anything negative yes you can't run away from reality but you can decide on what reality you want to live in it's not simple - but doable...There will be costs such as forgetfullness some people will eventually even treat you like a kid after this (not that's actually a bad thing if you just take it for what it is kindness from others). ..In fact I even noticed this on my way to work today...on the train I broke my nail putting my wallet back into my somewhat thight jeans it flensed right off bleeding and the ticketeer came with a plaster and put it on just as if I was a child. ..At work - the kids talked to me in a kid way not as if I was an adult they immediately spot the difference even though I thought I behaved as normal "keeping a professional mask" they could see right trough me as if I was made of glass. ..At that point I was quite happy that I had a short workday because that was kinda weird because I'm in my 50s. ..But what I do feel - is that the adult corruption in myself the worries about everything is fading away. And my days are actually worth living. I actually feel like a kid in peewees playhouse since I have an entire house to myself - and I've not realized how much I got before. ..Every little thing becomes amazing even typing with people on the internet. Everything is my playground now. ..My old life is slowly fading away.....
----------immediate responses--------

