-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tysle/havent_posted_in_a_bit_figured_id_drop_in/

Hi all meant to post on day 14 but totally forgot. Just laying in bed on day 16 before going to sleep! I'm feeling amazing and extremely optimistic as my sobriety continues. Last time before relapsing I made it 2.5 weeks sober. This time is different. I'm not exactly sure how to explain it but I just have this... "feeling". It's this feeling that's like "I can do this". It's a much different feeling than last time. Last time it was almost as if I knew I was going to break and end up drinking. This time it's the opposite. I KNOW I will NOT be drinking. Even though currently I'm just shy of how many sober days I had previously it feels as if it's been more. Not in a bad way but it's as if this time I've actually been making use of the sobriety and enjoying it. I've noticed various improvements in life. I sleep MUCH BETTER. I got to bed earlier and wake up earlier. My skin is clear and acne free and seems to have a "glow" or at least more colour to it. I'm actually JUST getting over a flu I've had since last week and I had a thought while I was at the worst of it. Waking up with the flu feeling completely crappy I couldn't help but think that SO many times I would wake up feeling 1000 times worse with a hangover/anxiety/guilt/shame/depression etc. Something that I brought on myself by drinking. Something I CHOSE to do again and again and again. It made me realize how stupid it was. It honestly helped me feel a bit better after thinking about the fact that I would routinely make myself feel much worse by my own choice. I'm feeling better now should be completely good in another day or 2. Before I ramble on too much I'll cut myself off and just say that this sub has helped IMMENSELY in the process of staying sober. I thank you all. I will not be drinking with you and I will check in again in a few days. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on over 2 weeks!  That's awesome.  I'm not drinking with you.  Keep up the great work. :)
[removed]
So inspiring - I'm not drinking with you today.
