-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u009i/relapse_prevention_90_days_1_year_5_years/

I've been reading various references and materials about "relapse prevention" mostly in order to prepare myself for a possible custody dispute in a few months. ..I noticed that there are really three generally agreed upon milestones. ..The first is 90 days (which thankfully I hit on Thursday) as most relapse occurs within the first three months. ..The second is one year after which relapse drops dramatically (statistically speaking obviously.) ..The third is five years after which only a very small number of people will return to substance abuse (though I have a healthy fear in this area as I am all too familiar with my own personality and have known some very good smart souls who relapsed after years.)..So in addition to accepting all necessary caveats about risk and one-day-at-a-time et al I am deciding today to adopt a super long view. In some sense I am setting my eyes first on November 18 2017 which will mark one year and then on November 18 2021 which will mark five years.   ..Taking these milestones as dividing lines (which is obviously a bt of a false construct) how does relapse prevention *change* after 90 days? After 1 year? After 5 years? ..I do a great deal to take care of myself and manage my stress. What else can and should I do and be doing regularly?
----------immediate responses--------

When I closed in on 1 year I felt my excitement building as I neared that huge milestone...And it came out during a conversation with my mentor that some deep part of me was thinking "Hey you went one year now you're cured!" In fact I had to prepare myself for day #366 to be...just another day. And another one after that. So though I'm proud of myself for making a circuit around the sun sober I ended up not attaching too much importance to that (really  kind of random) date. Which is good. Here at day 486 I'm essentially doing the same things I was on day 365 day 90 and to some extent day 1. I've added lots of support over that time but my core values had to shift dramatically. Picking up a drink means losing everything I've gained over this time. I guess I'm rambling now...I'd be interested to hear from people who have year 5! Great post. And 'grats on nearly 90 that was a huge milestone for me! I always relapsed before day 90 until this time.
Great post!..I learned some important things about myself.  ..When I'm reviewing that which is already done in the past and the "shoulda coulda wouldas" and how things might have been different if I'd only done such and such I was *Rehearsing* that which has already happened.  Life only intended for me to experience it *when it was occurring*.  ..Similarly I spent a lot of time (and still have a tendency) to overthink that*which might happen* in the future.  Well "what about this?" and "what about that?"; and "what will I do if this happens?".  ..I noticed I can obsess about the future and rehearse endlessly the past.  I learned that is my Mind distracting me from Now!..I believe the world record for sobriety is 24 hours. You've matched that 88 times now!  ..I decided this morning to forgo just ONE drink today - The First One...Then I started getting on with my life *Today*.  ..You write:..&gt;What else can and should I do and be doing regularly?..If you're sober and happy be persistent and consistent!  That's something my friend u/cdism mentions occasionally!
"If you are persistent you'll get it and if you are consistent you'll keep it." - unknown (attributed to a lot of people) --- I knew each time I was going to relapse. I would lie to myself choose bad behavior over good continue to be dishonest etc. i know that going to meetings and working the 12 steps is not a popular choice but it has helped me to appreciate my sobriety and take it seriously. Having a structure and "design for living" gives me a lot to consider each day... one thing thrown around a lot is: "To thine own self be true." And it is a good measure for me. Take care out there!
