-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u2uqq/emails_from_dad/

Today I am 43 days sober which is over twice as long as the longest I've gone without a drink since I moved to Berlin in 2002. It's been a pretty storied drinking career and I'd be lying if I said I didn't look back on much of it with fondness from right here right now but I'm done--I want to do and feel other things and like [Annie Grace](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDbookclub/comments/4khj4s/this_naked_mind_available_free_to_sd_users/)'s pop concluded it wasn't doing me any favors....My dad keeps sending me really great really helpful emails. He left when I was very small and spent a number of years as a homeless wino finally getting sober in Hawaii after crawling across the mainland. He's now been sober 36 years. I thought I would share in case they are helpful to someone else here too....January 31st:.."Forgotten what they used to call newly sober folks back in my early days...something like "honeymoon."  That's not it of course but it's the spirit of it all.  You start feeling extra energy thinking more clearly and so.  I do recall quite distinctly the thrill of having a solid bowel movement.  No shit!--pardon couldn't resist.  There were other perks some of which took a lot of time to dawn.  My billfold.  Used to lose it all the time...constantly.  It stopped being a problem.  Looking at myself in the mirror became more tolerable.  But.  I had to be a year--whole year--sober before I became convinced that I meant it...was not fooling myself.  Yes I am sober.  No I'm not conning myself.  I can actually do this. And so.  Sober is a lifestyle honey.  It truly will mean a different [catatoniatoday].  Self-respect leads directly to respect from others which leads to more self-respect and on.  In your case it could lead to achieving some of your new career goals.  Stuff that blows your mind.  I flew into Kauai on an inter-island ticket that drained every single dime I had.  Took up residence in Lihue in a papaya patch and started searching for places to cadge a meal.  Three years later and I owned a house in Kilauea!  I can still marvel at the unreality of that...a gift from the Universal Mind.  A gift.  It will happen for you as well.  Sobriety is rewarded.  This is not bullshit.  All you have to do is stay sober today.  As my old sponsor used to say "any damn fool can stay sober for one day." Me love youse.  olemane."...February 14:.."Finally got around to reading that [timeline you sent on recovery brain function](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/)...reminded me of something I don't think I've told you.  On one of your visits maybe the first one after we moved to [your stepmom]'s little house you did something you had never before done in my memory.  You told me a story you'd already told the previous day or so.  It scared me because I laid it (correctly I'm sure) to your routine alcohol usage finally catching up to you.  That magnificent brain of yours was beginning to show the strain.  I get emotional just remembering it now.  Honey I'm more proud of your new path than anything you've ever accomplished.  Maybe because I know about the struggle the pain the self-destruction...the absolute DUES we pay as alcoholics.  It is truly profound.  [Your stepmom] is like so many others who don't feel compelled to escape the pain of awareness very much clueless about it all.  She knows how proud I am of your efforts but that's it.  Oh she is hopeful for you but there's no depth of understanding.  "You just stop" she used to say when I tried to explain it all.  We no longer discuss it.  There's no point.  I love you my dear.  There lies ahead some amazing possibilities for someone with your talents and skills.  I'm so looking forward to watching you go forth.  Olemane."  ....Cheers to everyone with my tea <3.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing this. 
wise words. wow. thanks so much.
I enjoyed them. You have an awesome Dad! Thanks for sharing.
What a wonderful supporter you have in him.  Thanks for sharing.
oh wow now I am at my desk at work with my mascarra running. Such wonderful and genuine words from your Dad.  ..
Your dad is great. Thanks for sharing :)
Great emails from your father. I wish every single day I could talk to my dad about all the changes in my life because of sobriety. Cherish your words with him.
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING!   
I'm in tears reading those emails. Your dad sounds wonderful so inspirational and totally adores you. He's been through a lot and so gets it and boy does he get it..I lost my dad two years ago yesterday i miss him so much. I know I'm making him proud. 
Deep dad rocks! Thank you for sharing these communications. I wish my father was 1/10th as adult as this.
Wow! Just wow!..This is really powerful. Thank you so much for sharing it. This part struck a chord for me .."On one of your visits maybe the first one after we moved to Lynn's little house you did something you had never before done in my memory. You told me a story you'd already told the previous day or so. It scared me because I laid it (correctly I'm sure) to your routine alcohol usage finally catching up to you. That magnificent brain of yours was beginning to show the strain. I get emotional just remembering it now."..I feel my brain has begun to show the strain of a lifetime of drinking. 
Thank you for this gift. I loved reading his emails to you.  He loves you so much.  
You have a great olemane.  His wisdom strength and hope shine in these letters as does his love for you.  Thank you so much for sharing them with us.
That's really inspiring thank you for sharing. I hope I can make it to 43 days too :D
This is great. Thank You!!
This is awesome and inspiring! Thank you for sharing.
Nice! This must mean so much to you. Sadly my dad and I never connected over sobriety event though he has been sober for over 35 years.
Thank you so much for sharing the emails. I feel so happy for you to have someone in your corner who really understands the struggle. Like others here I'm moved to tears. My father died aged 54 eighteen years ago from a heart attack. I wish he was still around. He understood some of my less than perfect traits and didn't judge me for them. .I'm sure you'll do well with his support. xx
Thank you so much for sharing. This has made my day. 
Great read going to call my dad tomorrow.
This is gold I can relate so much to the first year being sober! My dad has been sober for almost 20 years but we never talk about it we barely ever talk. The memory loss and repeating the same story the following day is something I notice with all my friends and family that drink regularly I don't want to be like that no more. No need to answer but out of curiosity what did your dad do as a job to make it in 3 years? Thanks for sharing.
These are beautiful! I'm so glad the two of you are connected. Thank you for sharing. It really is helpful to see the perspective of someone with a long stretch of sober years.
Great emails. Thanks for sharing them. 
