-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u2ykh/all_my_friends_are_triggers/

Hey everyone on SD I just wanted to start by saying how incredibly amazing and helpful this subreddit is. I'm only on day 6 of sobriety but it's a huge feat for me. Reading your stories keeps me going 1 day at a time...I've had some time to reflect the past few days and I realized my biggest trigger is my friends. It seems like all my friends want to do is get drunk. If not at a bar then at a house playing cards. They even pregame going to the movies. I've been staying away from my phone with fear I'll give in and go out with them. I don't think I have the will yet to avoid the temptations...Being alone all the time is starting to get lonely. The easy solution would be to find new friends but I honestly have no idea how to go about it. I've had the same few people in my life for almost a decade and im quite introverted when it comes to meeting new people. Has anyone else had this problem? Does anyone have any tips? ..I'm just starting to feel good again and terrified I'm going to relapse even after only 6 days..
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there...I can really relate. I don't feel(at this early point in my sobriety journey) that I am only friends because of the drinking but now when I hang out I leave much earlier because I just start to get bored the more they drink. It feels odd. I'm less stressed about it several weeks in than I was at first. I guess I should get a badge here huh?..Anyway. I've found avoiding them at first was more comfortable for me while I worked on myself a bit more. Best wishes to you.
This is why sober support is important- we get it... Are you willing to try an AA meeting? You get to socialize with like-minded people...
How close are you with these people? Close enough where they know you are trying to sober up? ..If they don't know maybe mention it to them and suggest doing something sober sometime!
All of my friends drink fairly heavily too. They all seem to have it under control... still have jobs kids are good their eyes haven't turned yellow from jaundice like mine. Maybe they struggle but they don't talk to me about it. ..Have you told your friends that you don't want to drink? Mine all know that I was hospitalized due to drinking so they don't pressure me at all. They don't talk to me about it though I think it makes them uncomfortable. ..I didn't hang out with others for awhile once I quit. Mostly because I was so sick and needed time to rest heal and regain strength but being away from drinkers was pretty important too. 
It can be rough when your friends are triggers...I have had a few friends (no of which) had a problem themselves but who still triggered me. I did a few things.....* I made new friends.. * Sober friends who I've met through my support group.. * Non-sober friends who don't represent my old lifestyle. ..* I had to lose some of the friends I once had.. * They weren't good for me no matter what and I discovered that without drinking I didn't really enjoy their company much...* For the existing friends I kept they understood my situation and cared for me - because of this they were willing to help change our friendship.. * I started participating in different activities with them seeing them at different times of the day etc. . * If they would go out drinking or whatever I would simply end my time with them for the day.
