-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u8tvz/thoughts_on_four_years/

Hi there! I wasn't going to make a big deal but figured I'd pop in and share some thoughts a few days after my 4-year mark. ..Like many I got a DUI and was required to go to AA. During the legal process which included mandatory AA weekly classes and an ignition interlock (now standard for every DUI in California) I decided to stop drinking until my legal case was all completed. During those months I started to enjoy sobriety and decided to keep going beyond the legal conclusion...AA was helpful for several months but as I changed my mindset about drinking I started to really dislike meetings. I encountered so much desperation and victimhood that after deciding to stay sober I didn't relate much anymore. I haven't been to a meeting since my 1 year birthday. At the end of that meeting a long timer came to me (who I had never spoken to before) and told me that I need to come to 3-5 meetings a week or I would relapse.  That was my last AA interaction. ..I was a heavy daily drinker. Detox was a bitch but after several months I found I didn't want to drink anymore. I'm a musician and I host trivia quizzes in bars/pubs. I was also working in a restaurant at times. I decided quickly that I could not let triggers develop because I was constantly around booze. ..I now get irritated when people want to bring up my past. Four years is a long time. I had this discussion with a friend and he said something similar with his massive weight loss. Everyone thinks they're paying a compliment but "Congrats on being sober you were such an asshole back then" is about the same as "Congrats on losing 150 pounds you were a disgusting slob." After a while it's just rude and insulting. Nevertheless I just try to avoid the people who want to continually relive the past...Ok that was just some stream of consciousness ranting there...Sobriety is different for everyone and I always enjoy reading what others have done to stay sober. My life is so much less complicated without booze. I have so much more free time and if I want to undertake a project after 6pm I can because I'm not hammered. ..I like to say: staying sober is easy just don't drink. It sounds stupid but it's true you have to actually DO something to drink. To not drink you literally have to do nothing. ..So TL;DR you can succeed there are many ways don't be afraid to ask for help and find knowledge and encouragement anywhere it comes. Being honest with yourself has been my key...Stay Alive!.Ron
----------immediate responses--------

great post. .."to not drink you literally have to do nothing" is my new favorite quote...four years is kind of a big deal. thanks for sharing.
Thank you for your post! I loved it! And yeah... that is pretty shitty for people to keep bringing the past back up. ..I'm glad you're doing so well. 
Congratulations!  Thanks for sharing what is working for you.
Congratulations on your fourth anniversary Ron!  I'm always encouraged by these posts and it's great to read what has worked for others.
Thanks for sharing.  This mindset is something to look forward to .
