-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uf39t/anatomy_of_a_tumble_from_the_wagon/

This will be long winded. Sorry for having been absent. You don't have to read obviously...I joined this sub in January because I wasn't finding any support within my IRL community for exploring my relationship with alcohol (except for my therapist) which I believe has become somewhat problematic. I reaallllly was so supported by all of you during January and so proud of myself for making the commitment. It is true life had many stresses that didn't go away but I felt like myself surfacing from a long submersion. If I wasn't totally ready to face all my problems at least I could see myself getting closer to the day when I was...But then something - or a series of somethings - happened. I could tell that my DH was sort of ambivalently supportive w/r/t my sobriety. On the one hand he was glad that I was doing something good for myself but also mourning the loss of his drinking buddy too. (He doesn't have a drinking problem but is a real enthusiast for fine wine so I get where he is coming from). I actually met a bunch of people who take scheduled pauses from their drinking on an annual basis which was amazing to me that I didn't know they were around. My therapist asked me if I had considered using marijuana (he's actually really good and I told him I thought that was a bizaare question. OTOH he isn't the only one who asked). I was making progress at the gym in ways I hadn't before but I was also starting to stall after six weeks of really heavy lifting (my sleep has been kind of crummy and short - not drunken - just short)...So I broke a 33-day sobriety streak on Friday february 3. I had three beers late at night. Then I went back on the wagon for some travel out of town for the weekend which was odd but perhaps unsurprising since I still had some residual discipline left (although I was miserable for most of that time go figure). And from then here is how the old behavior crept back in:..2/6: 1 Manhattan with co-workers; 1 beer with DH.2/7: wine pairings at social event.2/8: hard liquor and wine by myself at home.2/9: ditto.2/10: ditto.2/11: bloody mary + beer on early morning flight (hey its free); drinks with dinner; drinks out afterward.2/12: wine with lunch wine with dinner.2/13: wine with wine snob friends.2/14: valentine's day! so beer on not-so-early morning flight back (hey also free) wine with fancy valentine's day dinner.2/15: 3 beers after work by myself (all together now: "hey its free!"); cocktail + beer; spent 3 hours at comedy show in a kind of catatonically depressed stupor..I guess saying that the behavior 'crept back in' would be totally inaccurate - there were three days of kind of normal drinking (2/3 2/6 and 2/7) and then I was literally back to "problem" drinking (which I might define as any drinking that didn't feel ok the following day or drinking myself into a dark corner which is where I often seem to end up)...My overall mood is back into the gloomy state it was last fall. And I have completely convinced myself that alcohol is compounding an underlying depression (to be fair I started a prescription whose side effects may include depression - but no one would say the alcohol is somehow helping)...So the questions are:..Q1.) How did this happen?..Q2.) What are the lessons?..Q3.) What can be done in the future?..A1: I think I fell off the wagon for a few reasons:..- First of all I stopped visiting this reddit and drynuary ended so there was no clear path forward to fly solo. ..- I had actually tried to develop some new interests in January but those in themselves were not healthy interests. I don't want to go into too many details but it certainly wasn't yoga / flower arranging / meditation. Suffice to say that I was really substituting one set of maladaptive/escapist/addictive behaviors for another set...- I did recommit myself to exercise and for a while that was really working. But I was also depleting my sleep bank by getting up early to work out and so my progress was stalling at the gym which in turn was stalling the motivation (and snow makes the best excuse for anyone looking for one to not exercise). But more than that once you convince yourself that you are 'overtraining' and therefore need a break I was able to convince myself that I was 'overtrained' on sobriety too and needed to take a break from that as well. (I know it sounds so stupid when I actually write it down but hey this is a nonjudgmental sub right?)..- I think I lost patience in the progress that I was making for a variety of external reasons including very significant stressors at home and at work. I take responsibility alone for my decision to drink but I also think that I failed to actively manage stressors in my life near the beginning of this month which lead to the relapse. This is a larger pattern in my temperament where I get a project to about 80% completion and then get bored with it...- Thinking of myself as all hard-core at work is easy when I'm getting up early & exercising and generally doing things like that but I allowed some setbacks to shake that sense of my own directionality leading me back to the 'why bother' mindset that led to the fall...A2: A few lessons:..- For me at least a lot of support is necessary to stay sober and it can be hard to find...- Alcohol consumption for me is *directly* linked to a decline in mood and outlook. I have demonstrated this in as rigorously as scientific a way as I care to :-)..- Maintaining commitments requires constant care and feeding until they become a habit. And no even thirty days isn't enough to form a habit (I think some have suggested that 90 days is a more habit-forming unit for issues of sobriety)....A3: What can be done in the future?..- I need a renewed commitment to visiting this sub which is such a source of strength for me in this work...- I need a renewed commitment to a sense of self-worth (or as I call it with my therapist a sense of "fuck you all - I'm gonna do me ") that doesn't look for external validation for my sobriety (which as I learned isn't forthcoming in the circles I move in)..- When stressors start mounting they need to be proactively confronted - for me drinking was a way of passively avoiding confrontation and this is a really tricky habit to reprogram against...I'll stop there. If you read this far thank you. I had a lot I needed to get off my chest. But now after my relapse I am ready to get back to sobriety...I will not drink with you all today....
----------immediate responses--------

A single month was definitely not enough for me to feel like I had turned any kind of corner. About the 2-month mark I felt things shifting...I say this a lot on this sub but I would really recommend learning meditation if you can find somewhere to do it. You seem like you do a fair bit of introspection into your own mental state. I would be surprised if you don't notice a serious difference from meditating. One of the tenets of AA is that a "spiritual awakening" is required for recovery. I'm not a huge AA fan but I more or less agree on this point. The abuse of alcohol is in part an attempt to compensate for something the alcoholic feels to be lacking or wrong in their psyches. Another way has to be found to provide the fulfilment we feel is lacking.
Hey you've successfully "stopped" so you know how to do it!.. I discovered that "Willpower" and "Determination" are very useful tools in many areas of my life and certainly associated with many of my "successes"...Unfortunately "stopping drinking" is not an area in which I found Willpower and Determination to be much use...I needed support tools and fellowship...As Robert Frost has written....  "And that has made all the difference"....I spoke to a counselor and that was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  i went and met people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship...I've never been happier!.
Great post. I agree that 30 days was not long enough for me to make a true change. I kept a year as my initial goal. Now that I've passed it I can see the multitude of benefits clearly and I will keep going. One day at a time is really key though. I don't drink today period. Pitchers of martinis tomorrow but I'm not drinking today. 
I relate to so much in your post same situation with husband and support network I also jumped into exercise/weight lifting and am starting to stall out.  I can imagine the same thing happening to me and your detailed account of your experience is very helpful to me.  It sounds like you're finding a lot of positive in this and adding to your toolkit to make you more successful this time.  Best of luck I will not drink with you today!
