-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ufpls/moving_past_the_beginning_stages_of_sobriety/

I've been overcome with guilt and aniexty this past week when I see people struggling with addiction and pain. I use to be a part of that crowd and a large part of me wants to go back to it a large part of me wants to join in with the guys and gals drowning their sorrows...Another part of me is shocked when I look into peoples eyes who are struggling....I feel the pain I see the depression and I see the numbness and it breaks my heart it depresses me and makes me cry a little...And another part of me has healthy boundaries is happy for myself and wants to have great relationships and be a part of making this world a better place and it feels good to be able to stand up to peer pressure and have self esteem...Idk why I'm posting this I think it's because I'm exhausted from having so much in my head and needing to vent. Getting sober and being in the 70 day range it feels like I'm caught between my old addict self and the new real me.
----------immediate responses--------

i see that pain in some of my old friends too. it breaks my heart because i know how that feels. and that they will never feel better unless they break the cycle...i never want to feel that way again. 
You're transitioning and moving away from "harmful" and towards "healthy"!..I think it's a positive indicator that you're seeing with new eyes and have empathy!..Congratulations!
I think being conflicted about this whole process is pretty common. It sure has been for me. But when I start to romanticize the past too much (before I hit bottom) I remind myself of the damage I did and the place I was in before I got sober and while I'm not jumping for joy that being an alcoholic is my hand in life I wouldn't choose my drinking life over my sober life in a million years. I think as we move from active alcoholism to recovery we realize a lot about ourselves and our past and it can be overwhelming. I remember I posted something around my 90 days being like "I'm just so exhausted with recovery but I don't want to go back to drinking but this is hard and I'm just physically and emotionally tired." As I got more time this feeling decreased and daily life became just... easier. I just wanted to share that in case it helps you at all.
Every time I start to feel uncomfortable when doing something I know is beneficial for me I remind myself that change feels uncomfortable and awkward even if it's the good kind of change.  I think there's a part of me that prefers the comfort of my old life even if it was depressing and unhealthy.  Patterns are hard to break.  So yes feeling that exhaustion and vacillating in emotions sounds like you are in the midst of a positive change.  Hang on and it will smooth out and become your new normal.  Congratulations on nearly 70 days!
