-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ufrrz/219_days_sober_down_85_pounds/

85lbs down sober 220 days... https://imgur.com/gallery/2yqGC..I really hate having my picture taken so I don't have many *before* pics to chose from...I had started to lose weight prior to going sober. I used a calorie counting app and always allowed room in my budget for booze which is crazy. ..Finally decided to quit drinking. Mostly because of some rather terrifying physical symptoms brought on by 30 years of abusing alcohol...The bottom pic (with the fish) is me at about 270 pounds and going through at least 750ml of whiskey a day. I was stuffed into one of the only XXL large shirts that I could still fit into. I was miserable. Pants were size 38 and uncomfortably snug and bending over to tie my shoes would leave me gasping for breath...Now days I'm wearing size large shirts and very comfortable 32's in jeans and pants. Giving up the booze is the single best thing I've ever done for my self...Ain't easy. If you're struggling just know that what you are going through is normal. Trying and failing is a normal part of the process. Just don't stop trying. Don't. Ever. Stop.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy hotness. :)..I'm only 45 days in and down 20 pounds--not being patient with myself as I had hoped it would be more...Way to go! You look awesome!!!
Just WoW!
Damn dude good job.
Outstanding. You are an inspiration sir.
You look amazing!  Way to go!  :)
well done! you look awesome. don't want to be a buzzkill but you should be aware that certain online publications are taking before and after pics from this sub and posting them in stories of alcoholics who quit drinking. inspiring stories yes but you may be labelled an alcoholic all over the internets.  
Dang! What a transformation you're looking great! 
Well done! Looking good.
Nice work looking great! I dropped 20lbs in the first 5 weeks of sobriety. I was astonished at how many calories were going down my pie hole with the wine habit. Keep up the great work!
Wow man.  That's truly inspirational.  I'm really happy to see you're going strong at day 220.  I won't drink with you today!
holy shit yo! that's great.
See that kids? Stop drinking and you become Paul Newman!
Damn this is incredible man congratulations!
Thanks. Not gonna lie I like the first pic with the bass cause its a great fish but you look better in pic 2!
Holy smokes.
Dude you are a stud now! Great job! (I'm a straight guy) 
Wow you looked pretty good even with a bottle of whiskey a day I look like sh!t when I drank a lot. Great job man very motivating! I don't know how everyone that stops drinking looses weight I mean I know that booze has a lot of calories but when I stopped I probably gained 15 - 20 lb from the chocolate and junk food cravings and the thoughts: "Well fck it I quit smoking 7-8 years ago my sex life went from amazing to blah ( for completely unrelated reasons) now I can't drink so my only escape and fun is to eat" and I ballooned pretty good.
Damn. Silver fox. 
Looking good man!... isn't it nice to have that "agility" hard to explain... but when you don't have it you know it for sure.... I won't drink with you today my friend!!!
Woohoo! Good work! 
sober stud! Well done!!
Very handsome! You look younger too.
congratulations!.i lost about 20lbs the first few months that i quit drinking also.  i was also starting the battle of the evil '"c" with daily radiation treatments for a little over 3 months.  here i am 6 years later and have settled in at about 15 lbs lighter.  i ran and rode a bike before the change in my life and continue today that helps keep me healthy and sane.  ..i like your "just don't stop trying."  as it is still somewhat of a battle to not start back drinking.  i never intended to quit forever it just has worked out that way so far.  life is so much better sober!
Great work! 
The shoes part hit me. It's why I wear slip ons and not my favorite boots anymore. This is the first post I've read in this sub that resonates. Been avoiding the Doc for years because I'm afraid of what they'll tell me. Just went Monday and bad news about my liver...anyway thank you for showing it's not impossible
I have to commend the buttons on your before shirt as well as you now. 
Congratulations!!!  Really awesome...&gt;Giving up the booze is the single best thing I've ever done for my self...Ditto!.
You are so hot!
Wow! Thank you for being such an amazing inspiration!!!
I really have to start counting calories I'm only 2 weeks back on the wagon but I've gained about 9lbs.  I've been eating candy and carbs like crazy. 
You look fantastic!
You're a nice looking man. 
You look like George freakin' Clooney! Congrats and good for you! 
Wow besides being stunningly handsome what a wonderful transformation!  You seem more confident in the second picture and I am sure much more comfortable in your skin...Congratulations on your success and I wish you the best in continued sobriety.  My life keeps just incrementally getting better!
You're the literal real life version of something that's supposed to be absurdly impossible:.https://youtu.be/mY6OV1yyGHE..Congratulations!
George Clooney?
Dang you sure are handsome!!  
What the hell is w those high waisted pants
RIGHT ON! You look great and congrats on 220 days! 7 mos. :) 
Wow massive difference :D
Wow!! Looking swell mate!!
Niiiiiiiice work! You look amazing and happy! Although the fish looks good too!  
That my friends is impressive! Kudos!
Holy shit that is awesome!  I love seeing some before and after pics.  I've dropped 15 in 6 weeks just by quitting booze.  Need to lose about 20 more.  Great job op you look great brother!
Hot damn! You look GREAT!
that is just impressive! Way to go! I have gained since I stopped.
Looking good my friend!? What diet changes did you make besides getting sober? Cheers and congrats on your progress! Very inspirational 
You already have a million comments on here but man...MAJOR PROPS!!!  You are super inspiring and thanks so much for sharing!..I just started using MyFitnessPal also as I have the training piece on lock just not the food (Sorry ice cream...i'm breaking up with you).
Wow thats an incredible change. ..
You sir are the hottest man I've seen in a while. Total 10. So my type.
I'm always curious what people do for work. If you don't mind me asking what did your career/ job history look like? ..Alcohol seems to paralyze me in my own head and because I started off my 20's drinking that much I didn't get to start off in the career I wanted and I'm only now just starting to put it together. How did your drinking behaviors interact with your ambitions/ work life?
Well done. Thanks for sharing. My own weight is only down a bit but by being in the gym 3+ days a week it means my fitness is better than ever.  Enjoy reading many of your encouraging and insightful posts.  Sober on.  
Inspiring!
Class act mate great work. Hero!
1. 85 lbs???! That amazing ..2. you look like some super handsome politician in a "one of the people" photo op..3. CONGRATS on your long-term sobriety!!!  .
Wow. Congratulations. You look much healthier.
I am 270lbs right now and starting to lose weight. So on Sept 25th I will come back here and post pictures and everyone will tell me how hot I am. I got this.
Great job!
Go you! You are very handsome take some self esteem!
Wowsie! You look good.
