-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uftq5/i_relapsed/

Relapsed five days ago. Been pretty depressed. For some reason I bought 12pk of shitty pabst and drank all of them in probably around four hours. Someone said when you go back to drinking you start at the end and move forward and that's pretty true. I didn't feel like I thought it would feel after a huge break from alcohol I thought it would be like when I first started drinking but I didn't enjoy it. I felt like shit and now my diet went to hell in the post hangover stage. Wasn't worth it at all
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for testing the waters u/OverUnderLord. I won't go in today and hope you stay dry with me brother.
welcome back 
Stumbling and sometimes falling is a normal part of the journey. The important thing is that you learned something from it...You also came back to us and I'm grateful for that!..I will not drink with you today my friend!
Last sentence is key - it was not worth it - I always try to envision that if I feel the urge to fall back to drinking. It is not worth it. Seriously. Good luck and stay strong - not drinking today with you!
I'm glad you're back won't drink with you today!
Welcome back and thanks for this. I need to be reminded of this sometimes. I'll stay sober with you today.
&gt;Wasn't worth it at all..This is what I keep coming back to. I can't show myself anything that alcohol has given me but I can see so so many things that it has cost me (from time to money to confidence)...Beating myself up helps me drink (it way easier to poison myself when I feel little self-worth) so when I screw up I need to fight that...Yeah I need to be completely accountable but I like to remind myself that I'm not the screw up. I'm also the guy who strung together all those days before I screwed up. Those days aren't gone. That guy is still there. And what he needs is a little kindness to help me get back to good because kicking myself in the nuts just does the opposite...It's good for me to remember and forgive myself for being a human being. That isn't easy. Not for anyone.
Well done for coming back so soon and thank you for the reminder ;-)..I will not drink with you today.
Travelling and running smack into layers of triggers. This post stopped me feom sitting out on the patio and downing margaritas. Thank yoi.
Welcome back. Don't beat yourself up. Your research and experience will help many (myself included its been a long day) here at /SD. I won't drink with you today. Take care.
I know if I went back I would be right back at a gallon of wine. 
I thought it would be fun again after a break too and it totally wasn't worth it. Welcome back
Appreciate you sharing the lesson learned.  I had a similar experience a couple of months back.  Just not freaking worth it.  FTZ!
