-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ugk52/for_the_first_time_in_my_life_i_can_say_i_am/

I was never what some may consider a "full blown alcoholic" I could see booze and not drink it. However over the past 13ish years I was developing a very unhealthy relationship with alcohol. To the point it was the first thing I thought about in the morning. I would drink every night. And get wasted about 3 times a week. I was getting progressively worse hangovers and I would wake up in the night with pangs of anxiety and panic. ..I have not gone to any meetings but if I feel I may relapse I will definitely check one out. Currently I am working on improving myself both mentally and physically.  ..Mentally I need the most improvement. I am trying to think positive thoughts as well as working on my self esteem and social phobias. Progress has been great. I feel every aspect of my life has improved including health issues I had no idea were linked to drinking...Anyways I guess what im trying to say is... Thank you all. I found this subreddit by a quick google search while in a PAWS low. Anytime I felt weak I would check in to find strength in others...Currently I am struggling with the idea of being sober for life. I wish I had kept a journal to reflect on. I am begining  to forget how much life sucked just a short while ago. But at least I can focus on all the good things that continue to improve. ..PS. Sorry for the selfish submission. Its all I's....Mee Mee MEEEeee! But beneath the surface it is all about you and us.
----------immediate responses--------

i know exactly how you feel!..with self respect came the return of self esteem. and self worth...i could not wrap my brain around a life without alcohol in the beginning but i am honestly at a point where i don't see a situation where it would ever benefit me again. ..p.s. not too late to start journaling! i started at six months and wish i would have done it sooner. so helpful!
There is no need to apologize. We need to be selfish sometimes. We're healing. At least we're not still selfishly clinging to the bottle and drowning ourselves. Right?! :)..I did not keep a journal when drinking but I do track my moods now. I only started a few weeks ago so I don't have too much helpful info but I'm hoping to see some sort of pattern develop in my highs and lows of depression. I used an app called MoodTrack. ..Good luck! I won't drink with you.
Awesome post! It is easy to forget how bad the bad stuff really was. Coming back here regularly helps me more than I can put into words. Posts like yours keep me strong. I'm proud of you too!
Checking in. I struggle almost daily with the concept of never drinking again. My girlfriend knows I may never drink again and is supportive but I think we both feel this is just temporary. Me not drinking is a mandatory condition of my probation. However I'm taking it seriously because since about the age of 19 I've never been voluntarily sober for any significant amount of time. ..I'm really high strung and booze was my sedative. I'm seriously considering medication hypertension and grinding teeth are a constant part of every day. ..Am I proud? I don't know. Most days I don't see a point it doesn't even feel like I'm accomplishing anything or drinking I just don't drink anymore. Trying to find ways to stay positive. ..I've lost weight though so there's that. ..Anyway today I will not drink with you. 
