-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ugq0d/i_think_i_need_to_tell_my_best_friends_about_my/

I realize that I'm avoiding telling my close group of friends that I'm not drinking anymore. I haven't seen any of them socially (we don't all live in the same place) but we interact online every day and I have briefly mentioned  Dry February  at the beginning of the month and then left it there. This is a close knit group and we share our daily highs and lows in a Facebook chat. I feel like I'm not being honest with them. ..Part of what is happening is that when we get together we drink. I am the heaviest drinker of the group but I don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable or worried about what future get togethers will be like. I also don't want them to worry about me. I've never been dramatic and have always been the least expressive of the group and tend to keep my problems to myself (and drink to avoid my problems instead of being real and honest)...Possibly I'm just lying to myself and the real reason I haven't told them is because the asshole alcoholic voice inside is telling me that if I am honest then I can't just start drinking again without my friends noticing and being concerned. As long as they don't know I've identified the issue I can relapse without feeling embarrassed. Avoiding accountability. ..When I tell them this all becomes real and final. And then my choice of sobriety will be solidified. And that is so fucking scary but also really exciting and freeing. ..And still that nagging voice tells me that I'm being dramatic and that maybe this time moderation will work. 
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't want to tell my friends either because I was sure they'd be all "yeah right! You're not going to last...". But they were all very supportive. Most were even relieved. True friends will stand by you even if you do slip up. ..If you relapsed and nobody knew... can you honestly say you wouldn't feel embarrassed? I know I'm my worst critic and I'd give myself one hell of a guilt trip if I relapsed. I'd be mortified even if I never told anyone. ..You've got this! I bet you'd be pleasantly surprised how good it feels to get it out in the open. Good luck! 
I came really close to picking up a drink last night and one key thing that stopped me was thinking about the people who knew I'd stopped and were in my corner. So I guess what I'm saying is I was really glad in the moment that I'd given myself that accountability.
..*And still that nagging voice tells me that I'm being dramatic and that maybe this time moderation will work.*....Oh I listened to that voice for years. YEARS. And each time it ended just as you would expect...That voice lies. Don't listen to it...Good friends will understand and support you in your decision.
It's a personal choice...I chose to only share with my wife and physician...Others do otherwise...I always remember the quote:  *"Never explain yourself.  Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe you."*..
Of course do whatever you think is best for you.  In my experience nobody cares if I drink or don't.  However if you think that you need their support--and if they are capable of giving that support then by all means do what you have to.  
