-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5umdue/relapsed/

Hey all i didnt have a single drink for 5 days and yesterday i found myself at the store buying a bottle. Before I was able to even realize what I was doing i was already at home pouring a drink. Why does this happen? I told myself i wouldnt drink and kept constantly reminding myself how much I hate but it like i said subconciously almost i bought liquor and started drinking. I am gonna quit again but so scared to relapse. Any tips?
----------immediate responses--------

I drank for a long time and thus it took quite a while to get the idea. As long as you really want it you can get it. I had to pick myself up off the canvas more times than I care to recall. You just have to want it. I won't drink with you today or just this morning if that's all you want to tackle right now.
I learned that *Willpower* and *Determination* are useful attributes to bring my many successes in life...I learned that *stopping drinking* was not an area in which they were very effective.  I kept making deals with myself about "tomorrow" and then when tomorrow arrived I had some *really good justification* about why well today is *different* and I'll do it tomorrow...That set up a cycle of broken promises to myself doubts about my willpower and guilt for my failures...What changed it all for me was asking for support.  I spoke to a counselor.  She recommended meetings.  I went and found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and found fellowship to support me.  They helped with the urges/cravings until they went away...I've never been happier!
I woke up each and every day saying to myself that I would not drink that day.  Two hours later I was at the liquor store and hating myself for it.  I did that for years...I took me a stint in rehab to finally be successful.  Good luck friend!
I relapsed many times. What helped me was going back and analyzing what proceeded the relapse. Was is stress anxiety frustration a case of the fuck it's... Whatever...Then I slowly developed tools that would help me when faced with similar circumstances.  This sub has been a tremendous source for those tools.
I dedicated myself to meetings everyday for my first week I continue to go atleast 4 times a week. AA certainly has it's quirks but man surrounding myself with sober people for at least an hour a day helped me so much. I realized this time around that I needed a support system. So I reached out and I've made so many friends. 
The only thing that worked for me was to TOTALLY take alcohol off the table- no ifs ands nor buts...liquor stores were completely off-limits and non-existent and that was pretty much it...
Despite my days without a drink I am not immune to temptation. Just yesterday I was waiting for a prescription at my local pharmacy within a grocery store. The waiting area faced the beer/wine aisle and for a few moments I actually started to salivate while viewing the numerous bottles of wine. I felt strange and somewhat alarmed at how easy my mind gravitated to "what if I grabbed a bottle?" before leaving the store. I played it forward...remembering how foggy and awful I always felt by the second third fourth and inevitable second bottle. I saw myself passed out on the bed in the afternoon. So I have to always remain aware and stay in recovery by attending meetings and most importantly acknowledging that for me the wine isn't glamorous; it's poisonous. The book This Naked Mind which I read early on helped me put that into its proper perspective.
