-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5una6c/i_relapsed_i_hate_myself_so_much_right_now/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

i hate myself so much i'm sorry world 
In this sub we don't shoot our wounded so don't be hard on yourself...Stick around and just do this thing one day at time. Stay strong! :)
I'm sorry your hurting so badly right now. It can get better. You have a lot of support here. I have fallen down many times. The key is to pick yourself back up and move forward. You are not a bad person. You are a valuable person in this world. It may take a minute for you to see that but it's true!.You don't have to do this alone. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Oh man dropping alcohol and nicotine at the same time is insane and your a friggen bad ass for doing it!   I've been there it's like being beaten with a two by four. ..You're tough as nails my friend and you're not giving yourself enough credit.   Everyone falls down.   Everyone.   It's just that the winner gets back up and tries again.   You only fail if you stay down there.   Get back up and join me in not drinking today.   That's all it takes.   Start again today by not drinking.   
My thoughts go out to you. May you not suffer and see all the beauty that is you. 
The guilt will subside in a couple of days. Take that guilt and get back on your path. No small kittens were killed and Armageddon hasn't begun. Life will continue to move on just make the correction and continue with it.
Don't beat yourself up ! We've all been there .  I've always told myself it could of/can be worse and I can prevent that worse moment in the future if I learn from this one
I'm glad you're back and you're safe. ..I found it so bloody hard at first and I relapsed again and again so I know how much it hurts it's soul destroying. The most important thing was that I kept coming back here to SD and every time I did I was welcomed with love and support and crucially no judgement was passed on me. ..For me getting sober has been one of the most challenging things I've had to face. It was like learning how to walk again at first stumbling around and falling flat on my face then getting back up again and again and again sometimes needing a hand to keep me steady until slowly but surely I started to find my feet getting a bit stronger with each step forward...Here's a massive internet hug from one complete stranger to another. Go easy on yourself and stay strong my friend x 
Hello.a slip can happen to any one of us you're in good company here. You're not alone. Please don't hate yourself. You can come back from this - we're all rooting for you!
you're a human with a problem not a horrible person. be kind to yourself it makes it easier to get back on the bus. reset your badge and start again. you'll feel better when you start collecting days again.
Don't beat yourself up man that is how your brain tricks you into drinking more. Acknowledge your mistakes and move forward as best you can it's the only option you have. We have all been there.
I think pretty much everybody on this entire sub (there's 60000 of us at this point) can relate to what you're feeling on some level.  I know I can.  You aren't a horrible person - and you did not fail.  You fail when you stop trying.  Don't. Stop. Trying.
Quitting three vices at once that are a struggle to stop even on their own is seriously impressive. You should be proud of yourself for that regardless of any relapse. Try not to focus on what went wrong for one night but what's been going right for the past two months. 
the bad news: you're a person...the good news: you're not an especially horrible person--not even a *fucking* horrible person. just a person...this is really hard. we all slip make mistakes fall backward. learning recovery and healing are not a linear process. the most important thing right now is to ..1. be kind to yourself because you're not going to be able to come back from this if you beat yourself down. kindness to you FROM you is crucial in healing and growing. ..2. figure out what you learned from this relapse and make a plan regarding what you're going to do differently next time. where did things go wrong? what can you change this next time around? ..&lt;3 hang in there..
When I am freaking the fuck out I like to stop and say: my essence is pure. No matter what I have done my essence is pure. You are human - we make mistakes. Stay strong - you are in good company here. 
Well ok by reading your post I get the feeling that you bit off more than you can chew.  Three addictive things at once?  Can you say bad ass endeavor?  You sound like a strong determined person.  Maybe you want to get onto some medical marijuana while tackling the other two or go on some medication such as Ativan.  This is like putting oxygen and provisions in your back before you scale Mt. Everest.  I have an immense feeling that you will make it.  Congratulations on your climb- post often and take us fellow climbers with you.
I do not think you're horrible. I think you are brave.
I would actually like to thank you. I was not planning on going but your post has encouraged me to go to my recovery yoga and Mindful 12 step group tonight. You are not a horrible person. You are just a person. You deserve love and understanding same as anyone. I've found both at my local Zen center. OP I hope you can forgive yourself and wish you peace. 
I did as well on Thursday feeling guilty too! We can do this together xx
You fell off the wagon and you hate yourself for it?..Bruh...  No.  Happens to the best of us.  Hop back on and keep remembering these feelings as a motivator.  
Hi there .I honestly wish I could take you and hug you and tell you from my soul that I understand what you are feeling. I have been in those same shoes so many times. I lost my license house and job all around the same time in succession of one another as a result of making some really bad choices. Still from time to time the bad choices will replay in my mind and make me really hate myself. I need you to know that you are mighty you are powerful and you are human. Wherever you are you need to know I am here for you and I am sending the spirit of forgiveness your way. Forgive yourself be kind to yourself and you will soar. .Always here ..Your internet pal.
No you're not. You're back here posting and that's huge! ..I tried and failed so many times I lost count. In think it took me nearly 18 months to get onto this round of sobriety. ..I wish you luck and keep your head up!
You are not a horrible person. Many of us have had similar events occur. I know I have. Lost car? Check. Blackouts? Check. Feel like shit the next day filled with regret? Check. BUT you had 2 months! So you KNOW you can  do it. I had a ton of relapses but the positive that came out off that was I finally realized that I could not drink.
you're alive and no one is dead. just gotta get back up on that horse and get after it again!
Whoa you woke up this morning.  It's not game over yet. Welcome back. Game on.  You can do this.  You deserve it. 
Don't beat yourself up you should be celebrating the fact that you're giving it a red hot go.  .You're not back to step zero you had some sobriety under your belt. Now's the time to keep building on it.  .Never give up on giving up comrade.   .Keep being awesome  .
Nicotine lozeneges helped me. 
I'm rooting for you and sending you positive vibes!  My horrible slip up killed me mentally for days and days and days.  And then it passed.  
Not a failure mate. You're trying something very difficult. Quitting everything at once. It's brutal...Try seeing it 'doing those things less often' instead of quitting. Maybe next time you'll last longer...Hang in there. I'm already amazed by you. I'm one week in and I don't know how I'll manage.
For a lot of people relapse is part of their recovery. These people bounce back with more determination and hope than they had before. 
Mate we are addicts &amp; we relapse sometimes. I think it's fair to say the only way to not relapse is to never drink today. Worry about tomorrow tomorrow. ..Please don't hate yourself. It will not help. Give yourself with some compassion. It could have been much worse. Nobody died. Nobody got arrested. ..We are here for you mate.
No one here hates you or thinks you are a terrible person.  ..We've all tried to quit and had relapses...Glad no one was hurt.  Take it and learn that we are both peeps with alcohol issues and we can deal with it with help from other people ! 
Don't hate yourself. I didn't get it on the 1at try either. Learn from it start again. 
We all make mistakes we are only human! The best part about this is that you came here to talk about it. Good for you! Time to pick yourself up and try again friend. I will join you in not drinking tonight.
Just go to bed sober tonight. That is all you have to do. Then do it again tomorrow.  One hour at a time if you have to. You are worth it.Day 10 for me . 
Yeah sucks.  But don't be too hard on yourself.  Most of us have been there...You might have to reset your badge but you keep those two clean months...Hang in there.
I feel your pain I've caved many times after spells of sobriety it's mentally and physically crushing.  Dust yourself off and give it another go you/we can do this. I'm allowing myself to eat whatever I want at least for the time being anything to stay off the booze.
Luckily you got homeand in one piece. It feels awful to have roaming black outs I have had some insane ones of my own and I understand how you're feeling. Don't beat yourself up about too much you made a mistake and this feeling now you never have to feel again. Quitting all those at the same time sounds very intense I think I'd probably aim for one at a time starting with the drug that caused me the most immediate and serious issues which in this case with your liver sounds like alcohol. Sending lots of well wishes your way
