-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uryml/let_down/

Morning everyone. First of all i want to start by saying sorry  sorry to all of you that suppprted me..because last night i relapsed after only 3 days  to be honest i have no idea what happened all i do know is that i have to pick myself up and start again. Time for another badge reset...Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey You have made a great decision to try again so quickly so be proud of yourself for that...Its not easy to pick yourself up so fast so well done...Stay strong and keep trying one small set back does not define your recovery. You can do this...Have a great day.
Hi Spotty.Glad your back. Take it or leave it but I'd like to share this. Day 3 is one of two days that seem to be the hardest. Day 10 is the second. ..You know what to do .....So glad your back quickly. ..I will not drink with you today. 
One of the things I can't change is the past. Day 3 for some reason has been a big hump for me. I still don't understand why. All I know is I won't drink with you today. You can do this. 
Eventually I began to really and deeply analyze my relapses. I took pen to paper and wrote down everything that preceded the fall. Everything my day my feelings my reactions.....This helped me identify the triggers and I was able to develop the tools to help me deal with them...Struggling stumbling and sometimes falling are a normal part of this very difficult journey. ..Today is a brand new day. And today I will not drink with you!
Well done for coming back. I've had many 'day 3's that haven't turned into more but I needed to have those in order to learn how gutted I'd be if I drank. When I think about drinking now (which I can't really say I do much) I can see so clearly how it will play out. I know that for me it's just not worth it. And this community is an amazing resource in those times. Well done I'll not drink with you today. 
As long you know you got a problem . Is big win . I won't drink with you today 
It's okay! These things happen. You already have the resolve you need. How many things have you become accomplished at in life after only 3 days? And how many of those were as difficult as this? 
Thank you all. Got dressed and went out for the day I'm now back home in my pj's curled on the sofa.  This thing isn't gonna beat me. ..Here's to tomorrow  day one again. .
