-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uxkbr/reflecting_on_my_relapse/

A while ago I was doing really well with my sobriety and made over 6 months. ..Eventually I thought 'f**k it what's the harm in a beer?' Well for me it's a bit of a slippery slope. Alcohol is an addictive substance and before I knew it I was back into problem territory...Where slipping back into old habits for me began seemed to start in the confidence I gained being sober. SD was the key to my sobriety but I stopped using SD because being sober was normal. So I'm back and stopping again this time more aware that I need to continue to use my support network no matter how confident I become :)..Thanks folks!
----------immediate responses--------

I had a really similar experience. I stopped using SD and slipped back into drinking. Glad for both of us that we have come back. I won't drink with you and I hope to see you here regularly.
Sounds like my relapses -- except for the fact I have never made it 6 months like you. Somewhere along the line I end forgetting that it is an addictive drug.
Glad you're back!
Six months is really impressive!  I've never gone that long so congrats!  I just recently relapsed just one binge night but it all started with me just saying "Awh screw it"...I hadn't been on here in a while because I had been doing okay.  It can all happen so quickly and if I had just gotten on SD and been with you guys then I wouldn't have ruined my streak...but a relapse brings with it lessons to be learned we can understand why and how we gave in and next time we crave we can be stronger and not cave.  ..I'm glad we're all back here...I'll not drink with you today :)
Returning here frequently has helped me stay on the path. 
I have relapsed so many times. When I sober up the horror of my wasted life is overwhelming and wonder why bother if this is how I am going to feel. I can keep it at bay for awhile but it is a relentless beast. So I try again. As you do. And hope.
