-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uyapr/im_stopping_for_a_year/

Maybe this is too ambitious maybe it isn't but I hate what this stuff is doing to me and my life. So I just want to plant a flag here. I'm stopping. Look forward to struggling through this with the rest of you.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!.I planted a tree... now it's my responsibility to nurture it! ..I'll help you keep your flag flying!..I will not drink with you today v
Great goal.  The dilemma may be: 1.) after a year you may not want to sacrifice your sobriety or 2.) if you are unable to stay stopped for a year you may have a problem with alcohol and may need recovery.  All we have is today but sobriety accumulates one day at a time.
Thanks guys I'll keep your comments in mind left_clique particularly number 2 it all starts today!
For me the struggling happened GETTING to the decision to quit drinking. Once I REALLY got there though it's been smooth sailing (knock on wood). This is going to sound so "AA" but for me it really was about surrendering. Finally knowing in my mind that I can never safely drink again. Finally saying "I'm beat" was not the ego crushing admission of defeat I thought it was going to be it was actually the most freeing feeling ever...I can't win/lose if I don't play. So I'm not playing. I'm walking away.
I think it's easier to focus on more short term goals. I'm not saying you won't be able to do a year of sobriety but that kind of comittment can be a mental burden. I try to not think about a month year 10 years. It may sound cliche and you may not understand it yet but it's better to talke it by the day. Good luck and welcome.
Awesome! Good luck this was/is my new years resolution 365 days without a single drop of alcohol. Now I'm already feeling more like that may be forever but a year is still my goal. It's a long ways out so I just worry about today.
Stopping for a year felt highly ambitious to me at the beginning however with the help of this sub I made it. One day at a time.....
