-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uzmi3/relapsed_after_almost_two_weeks/

I went to a friends party. I was doing fine abstaining and then I had a change of heart around 11 pm. I caved big time. I decided it was "just one night it's fine it's not like I'm blacking out alone on a Tuesday night it's Friday and I can handle myself."..Wrong. I drank a ton in two hours and woke up hungover at 10:30 AM where I went home and decided to have another beer to steady my nerves. And then followed that up with another beer and then a mixed bourbon drink. And then a nap. ..I woke up completely hungover and confused to see it was dark outside and the clock read 10 pm. I slept the ENTIRE day. And I woke up feeling even worse than I had in the morning. I had the spins and ended up throwing up several times. The first time I threw up I was alarmed to see most of it was blood. ..I'm still recovering today. I don't feel mad at myself just thankful to be sober again and have decided it was a good thing to have that learning experience... I guess I had to show myself I can't drink at all without going out of control. I had to learn the hard way. This journey is hard and will continue to be hard. But not having to feel the way I did yesterday and today is going to be worth the struggle. ..Thank all of you for being here and reading these words. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.  Puking blood sounds really scary.  Are you going to get checked out?
Sorry you put yourself through that but glad you're okay. If you can I'd go get checked out with a doctor because of the vomiting blood thing. Please take it easy on yourself emotionally and physically today after that hard lesson learned. I won't drink with you today and thanks for being here and sharing. 
once an alcoholic always an alcoholic 
Damn. That's a shit feeling waking up in the dark super confused. Sounds like you have the right attitude and in a way it's good that your experience was so bad no incentive to do that again. ..It would suck to relapse and have the time of your life right?..Take care!
