-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v0jao/my_first_sober_snowboarding_trip/

As some of you might know snowboarding / skiing trips in Europe are quite notorious for the drinking and partying parts called "Apr s Ski". I myself am a very passionate snowboarder but have also been quite the life of the party at the apr s ski events during all of the snowboarding trips I've been on with friends in the past 8 years...It probably goes without saying that after 2 months of successfully not drinking (including Xmas and NYE) I was very much dreading the trip that was planned from 11 till 18 February (I came back home yesterday). A few events to stay sober during the Xmas period was manageable but a whole week? While being with drinking and partying friends? It seemed impossible...But I did it. I took it one day at a time and made an effort to still be social fun and enjoy every bit of the holidays - and to my greatest joy (I'm smiling now again) it wasn't even hard! There wasn't even a single moment where I had to stop and talk to myself why I wouldn't drink. Sure there were small temptations - and sure my friends (who already knew about my non-drinking well before the trip) did tease and tempt me every now and then - but believing in my decision it wasn't a hard time at all...At times I did leave the party earlier when the conversations were starting to get repetitive or fuzzy or when my buddies were just stretching the night; and at two occassions I just didn't go out at all but went to my room to chill out and read a book...*So - what helped me achieve this?*.---------------------------------------------------------..In the past two months I read "This Naked Mind" twice and I think that really helped me understand alcohol and alcohol addiction in general and the disproportionate place it took in my life...Furthermore I did write myself a short summary before the holidays just to summarise why I wouldn't drink anymore but also to help me "practice" my story should I get into a discussion with one of my friends about it (which I did a couple of times). For most part I made my explanation short clear non negotiable but also (and I think this is key): non judgmental. Most of my friends are at least 3 years younger so I figured I really didn't have the right to "judge" their drinking or their views on alcohol - and I guess I don't have that right regardless of their age anyway. We all walk our own path and we all find out about alcohol's deception and betrayal at our own time. Plus I was the biggest binger of them all so I was in no position to lecture. All I could do and did was show them how to have a good time without any drink...A funny detail: It wasn't always easy to start dancing being sober but once I got the hang of it around 50% of the week I was dancing earlier in the evening than the rest of the group - maybe we tend to believe that we need at least a few drinks to let go of our inhibitions?..*And what did I learn during this trip in the snow?*.---------------------------------------------------------..* I can still dance (probably better) when sober.* Snowboarding without a hangover is heaven.* My snowboarding technique is better and I fatigue much later on the day after a good night sleep instead of an alcohol drenched sleep.* I am still funny (probably funnier) while sober.* I am a much more sociable and caring person when I am not tipsy and/or suffering from a hangover.* I remember so much more of the holidays with so much more clarity.* I can even do karaoke better when sober (although I must admit I was quite nervous to get on the stage and to sing the first lines).* If your explanation for not drinking is short clear and non negotiable it only takes a few days for friends to get used to you not drinking and to accept / respect it without a whiny debate.* It feels good to demonstrate others that one can still have fun when not drinking.* If you're not judgmental towards others who are still drinking there's probably a bigger chance they will respect your decision and/or ask about your motives with sincere interest.* And yeah I must admit: in a way it's also quite a relieve to realise how much more pleasant it is to wake up rejuvenated when you see your friends struggle with their hangover in the morning almost every day..Anyway I just wanted to share this experience with you and I hope it encourages those who are or will be in a similar situation!..*EDIT: My short clear and non negotiable statement about not drinking*.---------------------------------------------------------..Thanks /u/cymbelinee for asking about my actual statement - I didn't realise that I never shared the actual statement with you guys so here it is...To clarify I should first say that I made my statement a lot shorter for "the public" than the version I wrote for myself. Why? Well for one my personal version contained some reasons that I didn't feel comfortable sharing with everyone e.g. all the things I fucked up in my life because of alcohol; also I've learnt that giving too many reasons for something will actually weaken your statement - people will then be able to focus on your weakest argument and try to convince you about the invalidity of that argument or will try to advise you how to work around that particular argument. Since I wanted my statement to be "non negotiable" I wanted to include only the most non negotiable arguments that I had...I also made a point not to include some of the health reasons because I believe those might come across as judgmental to some. ("Hey did you know that what you're doing is actually very unhealthy?") - Plus most people already know that drinking has a negative impact on one's health - and the funny thing is people sometimes actually add the health argument themselves during the discussion...So without further ado the reasons I shared with my friends for not drinking are:..* Everything in life has pros and cons and I believe when you decide to do something it should be because you believe that the pros outweigh the cons. For me the cons of drinking have become bigger over the past few years (details below)..* At my age (I'm in my late thirties) my hangovers are staying around longer and longer. I don't want to fuck up my job by not having a sharp brain on Monday and Tuesday after a binge weekend. I also want to use my weekend days for other stuff than pure recovery on the couch..* Moderation doesn't work for me - I've already tried that for years succeeding only the first two weekends just to fall back into my normal pattern within the month. Moderation might work for others it just doesn't for me. Maybe it's my impulsiveness or some other personal trait but I've tried and failed so many times and for me it's not worth it to start up that emotionally draining struggle again. In that sense it's much much easier for me to not drink at all than to try to drink just a little..* More and more blackouts - sometimes I would only have the pictures to prove me that I had a "fun" night. Over the course of years nights of drinking have just become a costly event of which I hardly remember anything; but when I spend my scarce time with my friends I want to make cool memories that I actually remember and not just kill time (and money)..
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!! This was great to read as I have a holiday coming up next month. ..Would be comfortable sharing what your short clear and non negotiable statement about not drinking was/is! 
I really enjoyed reading this! You should be proud of your self what a positive change in your life!
Great job! I've never boarded sober - so I just put that on the bucket list!
