-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v1obb/cutting_my_mom_out_of_my_life_has_anyone_else/

Anyone else have to cut a parent (mother) out of their life?..I made the decision to stop drinking 247 days ago. I've relapsed a few times since then. Every time it's because my mother contacts me. And here I am again...But I've let her know this is it. I've blocked her as well as I know how and I'm going to start the process of changing my phone number emails and social media. I hate that I have to do all of this work but it's what I have to do...I can't say I'll focus on just me and my health when I know that's a lie. She can't be my burden anymore...
----------immediate responses--------

I cut my mother out of my life for many years due to *her* alcoholism not mine.  A few weeks I told my husband of 30 years - who still drinks - that if I ever had to make the choice between him and my sobriety my sobriety wins.  I'm committed to putting on my own oxygen mask first.
Yep. I went no contact in November and it was super hard. I definitely suffered for it (and my response actually walked me into the desperation I needed to get sober) but even just a few months later it's a relief to not have to deal with her or my family's bullshit (also cut out a huge chunk of my family with her). I've been doing some processing around that which has been really hard but I don't regret going no contact. At all. 
I have cut out my entire family.  My mom and grandfather passed away in my 20's they were like my mom and dad and the only people worth a dam in my fam.  Once I figured out how evil and manipulative the rest of them were I started to fade away and am now no contact with any of them.  I feel free!!..Outofthefog.net is a fantastic site to use for dealing with mentally ill parents.
In 2015 my mom cut me off from her life. For years she was the only person who had always supported me no matter what. And when she finally pulled the trigger she chose a way to do it (email from her cable company issued email address) and worded it referencing my dead father(that I'm going to end up like he did) such that I went no contact and since then haven't said but one sentence to her. She asked if I wanted a birthday card and I told her "I don't". I will never contact her again. Thinking of her makes me want to drink. 
You're not alone. Family is only family if they act like family. I choose respect ties over family ties every time. Keep on keeping on you're on the right track 
i cut my father out of my life while i was in college because he was an alcoholic and put me through hell growing up - i told him i didn't want a relationship with him until he stopped drinking. that was 10 years ago. he died last january and i had only spoken on the phone to him one time out of pity after he tried contacting me. he still hadn't stopped drinking. when i went to take care of his affairs i found he was on the verge of homelessness - like literally he had one bag of clothing and a sleeping bag to take to a shelter. this is all part of why i don't need alcohol in my life to say the least. i still feel bad but every decision my dad made he made for himself. now i have to do what i have to do for myself to keep myself sober.
Lucky you. I wish I could but she is raising young relatives and I have to help. Save yourself. 
I have been in very limited contact with my mom for a while.  I love her but she is toxic to me and since i'm working on getting my mind better I need as little negativity in my life as possible.  I will still text with her once in a while mostly out of pity for her.  Phone calls really only happen when i'm drinking and since i'm not drinking I won't be doing that for a while.  
I'm at the same place with my mom. She's not an alcoholic but has a personality disorder that has made her a burden for as long as I remember. I get sick of people telling me "but she's still your mom!" Being blood related to someone doesn't give them an excuse to treat you like shit. Being with her or talking with her are the biggest triggers for me. Good for you for knowing what you need to do and doing it. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
About a decade ago. 
I'm in the process of drawing healthy boundaries with my sociopathic mother. I'm in ACOA adult children of alcoholism and disfunctional families learning a lot about who I am right now and how to deal with this all. I went no contact for a bit and have slowly been reintegrating contact but it is of a different type. I know now to keep conversations to topics that she can't use to manipulate me or ones where my feelings won't be hurt by her lack of concern or coercion. I don't respond to bait and will hang up if it gets uncomfortable. It's a process to be sure. Our contact is very limited maybe a half hour chat every few weeks. She still manages to say something offensive each time but I'm less hurt than I used to be. I don't expect much from her anymore. She's sick.
