-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v3xke/should_i_attend_more_aa_meetings/

Hi everyone I'm an alcoholic who has been sober for 17 days now. This is the longest I've gone in at least 5 years and while it's definitely not been a walk in the park there have been some good days in there and overall I'm feeling like there is hope for me. After many failed attempts to get sober via self regulation hypnosis and psychology sessions I finally turned to AA and tonight attended my 4th meeting. Obviously the proof is in the pudding that AA seems to be working for me although I get a lot of pressure from older members to attend a lot more meetings as I'm only going to the one a week at the moment. I'm sure they mean well however I feel at the moment that my biggest struggle isn't my desire to drink but the mood swings irritability and general crappiness. Is going to more meetings actually going to address this as they believe it will? Am I being foolish in thinking that one a week is enough and that the crappiness is something that I just need to ride out?..Thanks to anyone who replies I've been lurking on this sub on and off for months now and it seems like a great community. 
----------immediate responses--------

I went to one almost every day right away.  I still go at least 5x a week almost 3x in to this.  I also see a counselor once a week.  Everyone is different but if I only went once a week I'd be in trouble!  Best of luck congrats on the sobriety:)
I personally go to a meeting every morning @ 0700 M-F. They help! 
Everyone is different. A lot of people subscribe to the "I drank every day so I go to a meeting everyday." I personally started out in year 1-2 with 5-6 a week and currently go to 3-4. That works for me...My friend Jim would often say "How much better do you want to feel?" With the implication that more meetings = more serenity...My friend Vincent loves to recall a conversation he has with his sponsor where he was complaining about not having time to go to meetings but that when he cut back on them he felt worse. The sponsor in a serious non judgmental way laid it out: " Okay so the more meetings you go to the better you feel. When you go to less you feel worse. I wonder what you should do?"..Last one I promise: my buddy Rob always says "Nobody ever died from a soberdose!"..Hope that helps!
A meeting a day keeps the bottles away... I just went and did what they told me to do. My way wasn't keeping me sober &amp; I was so sick of my way of doing things. Initially I did the 90 in 90 thing &amp; it jerked a knot in me big time. I'm glad I did that! I've done that 2  times over the last 4 years. (I relapsed after 3 years 2 months &amp; 3 days) I sure as hell don't recommend that action! My dentist always tells me I only need to floss the teeth I want to keep. To equate that to drinking I guess you could just to to meeting on the days you don't want to drink. I always find the meetings very compelling. I've never gone to a meeting and felt worse for going! Take it easy.
I don't do AA so can't speak to that but as per..&gt; mood swings irritability and general crappiness..Are you able to add some limited exercise if not doing it already? I find that's the most powerful panacea I have. Also even a little bit of diet modification can make a huge difference. Mostly just cutting out or reducing foods that spike your blood sugar - not just sweets but starchy stuff like excess bread and pasta. Can make a very big difference towards feeling more solid emotionally.
Before I stopped I was miserable.  I wasn't sure that I *could* stop.  When I made it one day I had hope...People who had been sober a long time strongly recommended to me "90 meetings in 90 days"...I knew that I needed to rewire my brain change my patterns and build better habits.  I was so desperate to not backslide that I did 147 in 90 days.  I figured if I'm in a meeting I'm not having a glass of wine.  ..No matter what that gave me a solid foundation and I've not looked back!..There was definitely an evolution in the meetings what I heard and what I got.  ..*The Meetings Were Consistent* - - - same structure same books same sources of readings ----- Big Book 12 &amp; 12 Daily Reflections Grapevine etc. ------  there were sometimes different people at some of the meetings ------  and I heard a lot of the same stuff...What changed is *what I heard*.  I *listened* to a lot of the "same stuff" at each meeting.  As time went by *what I* **heard** *changed*.  Were the words and readings changing?  NO!  I was changing.  ..That's the good news.  ..I go to a couple meetings a week now.  Depends on my schedule.  Sometimes more sometimes less.  When I travel I go to a meeting in different towns.  ..You write "should I go to more meetings?"..Who knows?  Depends on what you want.  It's all up to you.  ..Attending meetings helped me immensely to *learn how to handle* mood swings irritability and general crappiness".  ..There's actually a name for it:  R.I.D. -  Restless Irritable and Discontent. ..Tools resources and fellowship help me with RID.  I'm looking forward to a meeting at noon today!
For me in the beginning I went to a lot of meetings - if only because I was "safe" from a drink there...As for mood that took time for me.  I was giving up my 'dysfunctional best friend' - alcohol.  I was having to admit I did not know everything I was having to stop blaming everyone for the shit I was in... yeah that took time - and again for me meetings provided a place where there were other people who were going through the same thing - and it got me out of my isolation ... so for me YES more meetings helped but only the right meetings _ I had to shop around to find ones that suited....
I didn't go to a lot of meetings but i did something recovery related everyday like listen to several Recovery Elevator podcasts and still do.  
I know 90 meetings in 90 days sounds like a meaningless target and I didn't do that many but I probably did do 45. There are reasons for it one of which is that doing a lot of meetings early gets you more socially connected. Another reason is that a lot of meetings are in the evening just when many people have their craving peak and being in a meeting keeps then safe for a while. Also presumably one a week means that you are going to the same meeting but meetings vary enormously and you might just find the one that is the perfect fit for you if you go to many different ones. Now I still only go to two or three a week but I think I will be doing that for many years. I have weeks where I only do one and when that happens I can really tell. You don't have to believe the big book thumpers about everything cause sometimes they are full of it but a couple more a week couldn't hurt.
It depends on your personal needs.  The most important thing is to find a meeting where you're comfortable and which you enjoy attending.  Not all meetings are the same.  Try different ones till you find one you really like.
Everyone is different as mentioned below. Also various factors like time location job etc. That being said in my limited experience I have yet to go to a bad meeting. Even if I'm not really interested in going and making excuses in my mind to skip one once I get up and go and leave I always feel so much better and happy that I did go. Try a few out and find what works for you. Take care. 
In March 2016 I spent 11 days in rehab.  Before I was released they preached 2 things that need to be done to be successful...They told me that I MUST attend a meeting on the day I was released and also I must attend 90 meetings in 90 days.  I did both and so far it has worked for me.  YMMV
