-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v6a5r/what_i_have_learned_this_far/

And I'd also like to hear what you've learned this far!..So my recovery plan started roughly 5 years ago. In the beginning my drinking got worse I was in danger of losing my job and spouse. When I put more energy and got more support I would get some sober days in a row but I still relapsed every one to two weeks...Eventually I got one and three quarter years but that wonderful streak ended recently and I'm starting all over again...So there is the context and here are some things I've learned along the way...1. Sobriety and serenity are not the same thing. Sobriety simply refers to my abstinence from alcohol. Serenity involves changing my perspective etcetera. I find meetings and counselling helpful in working towards serenity..2. Drinking makes bad situations worse. When something bad happens my brain automatically gives the thought that I should have a drink to help cope. But the thing is is if I'm drunk I can't problem solve I may not be able to do things like Drive someone to the hospital and I end up feeling way worse the following today. So while it can feel really distressing to feel my feelings without alcohol in the long run and even in the short term it's worth it...3. Sobriety can help build self-compassion. A lot of us or rather just speaking from my experience I really beat myself up when I was drinking. It's a familiar experience coming for my childhood. I believe self-compassion is incredibly important in obtaining serenity and it is really hard if not impossible to develop self-compassion while drinking. At least for me the day after I drank I would feel tremendous shame and debilitating anxiety. Over time and by using things like a gratitude Journal meditation counseling I'm slowly beginning to love myself...So those are some the things I've learned along the way. Would anyone else like to share? I feel we really benefit from each other stories
----------immediate responses--------

**Self-compassion**..I've always been empathic and generous towards others but treated myself like complete shit. But why?! I got stuck in the rut of drinking and I labeled myself as a dumb drunk that deserved the misery. ..That really sucks. Why did I treat myself like that? I'm almost to six months sober and the concept of self-companion just blew my mind. Thank you. 
I am glad you are back..I also love what you said about self-compassion. .I'm currently beating myself up for thinking I could drink and have a few beers last night..But I'm trying to be kind. Sigh.
Serenity I like that feeling the most in this whole sober journey. ..Slowing down has been nice too the slower I move the better I feel.
hi deedee! 
&gt; Sobriety simply refers to my abstinence from alcohol..I'm learning this the hard way after one year sober. I always "knew" it but I thought that everything was fine. It hits me in the face these days as I don't feel in control of anything and everything sends me in panic/anger...Being sober is great but after a while the hard problems that made us drink have to be dealt with.
Self compassion rules...My sponsor likened his crack habit to Happy Pills; always needing something to avoid feeling the unpleasantness of life. I had happy juice happy smoke happy rocks happy lines- all to escape feeling feelings in failed futile attempt to stay perma-happy...Today I look to be Content vs Happy.
Hey again - sorry I didn't see this before that last comments earlier...Great post - and I really like #1 regarding sobriety vs. serenity. Thanks so much for sharing!
I'm very early in my sobriety and serenity and self-compassion are elusive but do occasionally surface. I honestly believe I can show compassion to others but to provide myself is almost alien it feels strange to lay off myself as I'm so used to kicking my own ass. However by living a sober life and not being just a dry drunk i hope through some of the good little habits I'm implementing like meditating exercising eating healthier being there for others more if they want or need me and helping others I will attain these states of being and really benefit from living a life one day at a time without that toxin in my system. Thanks for this post it's really got me thinking about these essential modes of living so needed for a happy sober life. 
These posts are so on point! Thanks for posting...I think of #1 as the difference between living dry and living sober but same philosophy behind it.
