-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v9c9x/so_it_finally_happened_i_lost_my_job_really/

Thankfully my income tax should be coming so I got 2 more months before I would need to move out but the prospect of them denying my unemployment has me worried for absenteeism. Been there 5 years and sucked every bit of joy and life I had in my life though so I'm staying sober through this mess. I can do this. I can change for the better and look for greener pastures...Wish me luck I certainly am going to need it for the next few months. The struggle of being an alcoholic is real but for the first time in my life I can see clearly and without distractions on what I need to do with my life to make it wholesome no matter how bad it gets but staying *sober* one day as it comes...Thanks for everyone's help here I've had so much loss in my 5 years in my life I know that a simple shitty job loss shouldn't hurt too bad. Never been homeless before but I promise myself I will be volunteering after I get back on my feet instead of wasting my time being so selfish...I now understand what it's like to have a true lifelong addiction and lose almost everything in my life. The only thing going through my head is the normal but I plan on doing things to become a better person to those that need it more than I do...Thanks again y'all.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear about your job. But congratulations on your sobriety. Keep going..you're doing amazing !  
This sounds very challenging.  Best wished to you.  For me all the challenges I face seem a bit more manageable to deal with when I'm sober.  I hope you find another job soon.
Sorry to hear that. I would take a little time and volunteer as you said and I would also go to meetings. A certain part of it is a little wonderful to think of having all that time to myself but I understand the money thing too.
Lost my job a few months back.  It spurred me to take a real look at where I was. .After a relapse last month I'm going in a direction I want to finally. ..Good luck with the job hunt!.We got this!
It takes a strong strong person to be able to volunteer while also looking for work. I thoroughly admire that you must be a good person!
I wouldn't want to deal with that situation and be drunk or hungover. The anxiety would kill me. You'll need your confidence and your calm to get through but I have a good feeling you will be sweet. You've got this far! Well done...I'm not drinking with you today
You'll soon be looking back on this as "that time I lost my job stayed sober and got a better one"..Keep moving forward and remember that working on yourself and your recovery is free and a great way to use the extra time!
