-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vc93g/thoughts_on_30_days/

Hello. I've visited the SD at least once a day in the past month and have gleaned so many valuable insights from everyone's posts so I thought I'd share some of my own on the occasion of my first 30 days. Sorry this is so long!..During my first two weeks of not drinking I read a ton usually about 3 hours a night. I powered through "Drinking a Love Story" the Living Sober pamphlet Mary Karr's "Lit" David Carr's "The Night of the Gun." I cannot recommend [the Boston AA chapter](http://infiniteboston.blogspot.com/2015/06/this-is-chapter-about-boston-aa-from.html) of Infinite Jest highly enough. Being heads-down at work reading at night preparing dinners for my wife and I exercising: It wasn't the most exciting routine but it sure beat the cycle of bars and hangovers and anxiety I was previously stuck in...For the first time ever I leaned into AA. I'd attended meetings in the past as I contemplating the severity of my alcoholism but I was never very selective and often found myself at meetings I didn't feel I fit in at. This time I tried multiple meetings at multiples times and eventually found a group that really clicked (for me it was a group of Atheists and Agnostics). I didn't get a sponsor; still don't have one. I'm not sure how I feel about "working the steps." In short there are still aspects of AA I haven't warmed up to that I may never warm up to. What's clicked most for me has simply been the fellowship: spending time with folks who acknowledge they struggle with alcohol and share their experiences (just like the SD). I have AA meetings on my calendar now twice a week (as with many aspects of staying sober writing things down helps insure I follow through with them). The meetings have been immensely helpful. I also see a therapist and I've tried to stay engaged and active in the SD. ..Recently a friend shared a metaphor about sobriety. He compared being an alcoholic to being a gazelle in one of those big herds in Africa and the urge to drink is the carnivorous lion always out there silently stalking you. The closer you are to the edge of the herd or if you wander too far from the herd entirely the more likely the lion is to catch you. In my past struggles with staying sober I've always tried to go it alone (personally I have a real problem with herd mentalities). I've tried and failed enough times to recognize that this approach doesn't work for me. This time I've tried to stay more toward the center of the herd. ..While being sober this time hasn't been a cakewalk I'm less tempted to drink than I have been during past attempts. I should mention: I took Xanax to help mitigate cravings in the first week and Lunesta to help me sleep. I haven't taken either in 3 weeks but they were helpful at the outset. ..Probably the thing I've found the most helpful is also the simplest and most available tool to all of us: One day at a time. I don't think about whether I'll drink tomorrow or six months from now or for the rest of my life. I focus on one day at a time one decision at a time. Coworkers have asked me out to happy hour friends ("friends") have tried to cajole me into drinking with them. I politely decline. I excuse myself from the situation and feel zero regret. I focus on one day at a time and staying in the middle of the herd. So far it's worked. I recognize I'm at the beginning of a long journey with many more challenges and revelations and disappointments to come. I resolve to take it one day at a time. That includes today a day on which I will not drink. ..Thanks SD for everything. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great inspiration. Keep going :)
Thanks for sharing &amp; congratulations on the month! The herd is very good analogy.
I won't drink with you today.  I read a great analogy this morning from another poster that made me laugh out loud. Paraphrasing:  I thought alcohol was my crutch; turns out it was the broken foot.  hahahahah
