-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5veb1a/day_5_remember_these_things/

Hey future sun_madness remember how bad this feels!..Remember that these withdrawals are MUCH worse than previous ones which means future ones (if I survive another relapse) will be so so much worse!..Remember that you can't moderate!..Remember that you always slide back into problem drinking!..Remember that you're lucky to have survived the last relapse! Don't waste it!..Remember that you will DIE if you keep relapsing...Remember that gnawing hole in your gut the empty bottles everywhere booze pepto tums.....Remember the smell once you stopped drinking. That's how you ALWAYS smelled!..Remember the countless dollars and calories and time that you invested...Remember the blank nights the foggy mornings the "i'm sorry" messages.....Remember the feeling of an utter lack of control...Remember the feeling of taking it back...Remember the pain of facing the world the morning after and even now 5 days after...Remember that you've done this before and that you can do it again...Remember that people love you and will do anything for you. You only have to do one thing to keep them happy: don't let your addiction kill you. That's it. ..Remember that you have support almost literally EVERYWHERE. ..Remember that you get another chance. But the number is limited and we don't know the limit until it's too late...My hands shake as I type this. My head pounds. My stomach aches. I'm crying. l'm ashamed and humbled at the same time. Lost yet appreciative. Don't waste this chance this life.
----------immediate responses--------

Big hug! You're here you're trying I will not drink with you xx
I remember everyone of these as well but need reminders like this...Thank you for helping me u/sun_madness.
Our withdrawal symptoms are very similar. I haven't heard from many others who also go through what I go through in the days following a relapse. It is the most terrifying thing imaginable. I don't sleep for days and I am a shaking scared child for about a week. I think I try to lie to myself and tell myself that it's going to be different the next time I drink. I actually almost had myself convinced today that I could go out and have a few drinks and wake up tomorrow and not drink. Yet my plan also included stopping at the liquor store on the way to the bar so that I could keep a bottle at home "just in case" I needed a drink to get myself "started and moving" for work in the morning. That's completely insane. .I know exactly what you're going through and I pray that a sense of comfort and calmness washes over you. Thank you for posting. 
I relate to everything you mentioned here...I want to reiterate something: Remember that people love you. We love you we're always here for you. I'm cheering you on!
Lately I've had the passing thoughts as the weather warms up that a drink sounds nice. Thank you for your post. Your words remind me to shut down any bright ideas of just one drink. 
Keep fighting the good fight.  I know that I've been there.  Every day gets a little easier.  Congrats on your days I'll stay sober with you
I needed to hear this and remember all of this. Thank you for sharing and everyone here supports you and loves you. I will not drink with you. 
So glad you're here and reminding all of us what we must never forget.  We're with you and we can do this thing together.  Sending good thoughts your way.
Wow.. Stick with it
