-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5venna/triggered_by_people_drinking_on/

Hi my name is Stuckatpennstation & I'm an alcoholic. ..I remember not being able to watch TV in my earlier months of sobriety due to the excessive use/promotion of alcohol in shows movies & commercials...Even now at almost 2 years I'm watching "The Americans" (great show) & a glass of wine is poured during a dinner scene. I spend the next 20 minutes dwelling on how I can't just have 1 glass of wine at dinner & how am I going to handle that if that situation ever presents itself in my life. Shockingly it hasn't.. yet...I wanted to share my feelings with you today because I hate being stuck in my own head. I know I've never had just "one drink at dinner" & I never will. I'd like to hear if any of you had struggled with the portrayal of alcohol in films or television. ..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I never even noticed how often people drank on TV until I started trying to quit. Every 5 minutes they are at a bar having wine with dinner having wine while they work from home. It's like they live the alcoholics fantasy life where booze just makes you pretty and healthy and you drink 4x a day.
yes. I do. Everyday. I try to say...that is so fake alot of families/couples dont pour wine at every meal.  and that those actors in real life probably don't even drink alcohol. I'm having a hard time with sobriety so I dont have the wisdom as others on here. just wanted to say I get mad everytime.
Agreed man. I watched John Wick 2 last night and dam everyone was freaking drinking or going to the bar or partying. And it was (made to seem) sooooooo sexy. And there was one scene where two guys remember each others favorite drink and I was like "aw man that would be cool if I had a favorite drink and someone ordered it for me. I should go out every night this month and order captain and cokes so that way people know my drink." Sneaky sneaky cravings.
Those Heineken commercials with Neil Patrick Harris always get me. I never really even liked Heineken but I can almost taste it looking at that stupid green bottle.
I recently watched a series called Goliath and it damn near killed me watching the hero get hammered at the bar and at the beach on whiskey.  FTZ I say!
Yea I really hate how many alcohol advertisements there are. Really not cool
