-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vkk1i/warm_beers/

Hi there! I am a long time lurker to /r/stopdrinking and fancied posting something..I would like to talk about the moment I realised I might have a serious problem. .I think a lot of people are in denial about their alcohol use up until a certain point. I considered myself a 'functional alcoholic'; until one particular moment. ...I liked my beers in bottles. I think they tasted better that way. I used to buy crates of a particular brand that I enjoyed usually they consisted of 18 bottles and I could consumed all 18 in one sitting. Easily. I didn't even enjoy getting drunk all that much! I just loved the beer..One evening I get home and I have bought said 18 crate of bottles beers. I proceed to place them in the fridge as normal..I realise I can't possibly wait for them to get cold so I place two in the freezer...I drink one that is warm whilst I am waiting for the rest to get colder... .I then proceed to drink the rest not even caring if they are warm or cold or not. 18 bottles.. down the hatch..Now I am in the UK and I spent 20 quid on that crate of beer. ..I am alone. I am pissed as a fart. And I have nothing to show for it except the 18 warm bottles of beer snarling in my stomach...I used to wait until they were cold then I could enjoy them. The minute I drank 18 warm beers was a wake up call...That is a lie. I drank 18 warm beers then drank 2 bottles of red wine. For about 6 months...I cried I hated myself. I told myself I would never become this person yet here I was! I decided enough was enough! Warm beer ain't me...I would love to say I never drank again but that isn't true... I relapsed (a lot) and there were some bad times. You have to expect that and be OK if that happens. ..I haven't drank a drop of alcohol for almost a year... It's a long arse of a road but you WILL get there. You. Will. Get. There...I will not drink with you today...
----------immediate responses--------

Yay to a sober year thats excellent. As a fellow brit and warm beer drinker I would like to raise my ice cold ginger beer to you this evening :) Heres to no more impateinece and addictions spoiling our nice cold non alcoholic drinks! ..Keep up the great work. love the encouragement in your post :)
Nice job on almost a full year that is amazing! ..
I would have thought the last 2 or 3 would have been cold though... =)..Congrats on nearly a year! I will not drink with you today!
Glad you're here!  Congratulations on the Near-Year !
Great post .I knew I was in trouble when I drank a warm bottle of chardonnay.  I loathe chardonnay! It is the only kind of wine I would actually refuse..Now I am loving HOPT soda especially the salted lychee.  So nice and I have just one not like the wines where if the bottle was opened it would all be gone..
Ugh I've totally guzzled warm beer/chardonnay or whatever I could get my hands on in those moments of alcoholic madness. Who was I kidding? It was NEVER "the taste" I was after! .Wow I feel so blessed to have escaped the downward spiral that was my life.  
worse yet if there's no more booze... I've seen people drink half empty warm beers the day following a party.  so gross..what hoops we will jump through to get some alcohol.
I drank half of bottle of warm peach schnapps once. I hate sweets and peach flavored things. I threw up everywhere. Dunno why that wasn't the first sign I had a problem. ._...Anywho congrats on your sobriety man! I won't drink with you today :)
Thank you for sharing. I needed that little story. ..I will not drink with you today friend. 
Thanks for sharing. Glad you are here and you surely have given me the courage to say today "I will not drink with you today". 
Towards the end of my run I drank triplesec on the regular when everything else was gone.  My wife would hide the rest of the alcohol but left the triplesec because she didn't realize had alcohol in it.  That thick sweet nastiness...  Congrats on your sobriety!  I will not drink with you today. 
I will not drink with you today as well!
When I was hiding it I would drink warm beer I kept hidden in my room since I couldn't keep it in the fridge. I drank it so fast because it was just so unenjoyable... Congrats on coming up on a year!
I went through similar events but came to a different conclusion: If I can drink x amount of warm fancy beers then I can surely save lots of money by drinking x amount of **cheap** warm beers instead. I then started to drink beers that were cheaper than the equivalent bottled water. I never questioned the amount of beers but the price of it I was a beer lover after all...
Yes I remember far too many times drinking swill warm beer just because. It unfortunately gets to this point where we don't care. After beer I descended into bottom shelf vodka I could never drink the shit straight but I'd mix it with whatever. Literally whatever. ..I don't even like Vodka but it's dirt cheap. That is addiction you don't even care what your drinking just that your getting the alcohol in you for as cheap as possible. ..Never want to go back to those days. I will not drink with you today!
I preferred my beer warm so I could drink it faster. Cold beer hurt my teeth which I neglected in lieu of alcohol. I knew I had a serious problem but never cared. I never cared about myself enough to stop until one day I realized the pain I caused everyone else had driven them away and I was drinking the warm before alone every night. 
