-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vsvh1/only_4_hours_and_36_minutes_left_of_the_work_day/

I feel terrible.  I can accomplish almost nothing at work today and I feel like a poorly veiled fraud.  I'm even kind of shaky and then I get nervous that I might actually collapse of exhaustion which only makes me more shaky and weak feeling. ..I don't understand how someone as smart as me could struggle so much with making the basic choice not to drink.  I mourn the person I could be right now and the hours wasted and then I loathe my hideous self-pity...Most of all I'm getting bored of this dumb problem. It's such a bore. I am fed up. Actually most of all im scared. Scared I can't do this that I will never change. So I will pray to last until the end of the day go home and go to bed ASAP.  I am trying to quit again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with you friend. Feeling awful. Shaky. Anxious. Stupid. Alone. Exhausted. Like a fraud. But I know those feelings helped lead to and exacerbated my drinking. I wouldn't deal with them while drinking. You've got this. I won't drink with you today.
I've been there in that awful misery...until I finally quit. But I couldn't do it alone. I started going to AA meetings from day one and don't regret it for a minute although it was difficult in the first weeks and months. Just being around other sober people in varying degrees of sobriety has been immensely helpful. If not AA there are other avenues that I've read about here including SMART Refuge Recovery. Hanging on to the one-day-at-a-time mantra is a start.
Lapazpax - welcome.  I WISH not drinking was a simple choice.  But for me it is not because I am an alcoholic. That means my addiction holds good real estate in my head that is constantly telling me that I should dismiss all i know about how destructive vodka is to my health and my life and just have one...  That is why I need a higher power - something that trumps the addict voice in my own head.  For me it is God but it is also everyone else here in the sub and the fellow drunks i have met in AA.  I need something that is tougher/stronger than my addiction to help me when the thoughts and triggers get crazy.  You don't ever have to feel terrible because of drinking ever again.  Just get some tools to help you when the going gets tough.  Good luck and sweet dreams!  
Thing is that addiction doesn't have anything to do with intelligence. ..Have you gotten any help? Are you willing to get any help?
I'm right with you on all of those counts. I find that you sound like how I sound...For me finding a way to practice self-compassion really helped. Realizing that being a human being was ok... it just wasn't a place I could get to without practice...I try to celebrate being sober for a day as best I can instead of judging myself for the things I can't change in the past..
Hang in there! The fact that you are posting and sharing here shows you have the will to make it.  I'm pretty new to this as well but it truly does get easier and life gets better. Reach out when you don't feel strong enough and try to go easy on yourself.
