-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vxyyb/get_drunk_to_celebrate_or_nah/

It is getting really close to a year for me. Some things have really surprised me the closer I get to my "soberversary". I can see why I've quit before and relapsed. I'm far more aware of how conniving the compulsion is this time around and I am more vigilant than ever to confront the feelings and the "little voice" in my head when "they" try to convince me that drinking alcohol is in any way rewarding. I know it is not... ...A couple of observations about my cravings for booze lately: .1. Seriously!!?! "Fuck you alcoholic me!!! No! I can't celebrate my year by getting drunk!!!!"    this really caught me off guard made me examine my motives for quitting again though... Was I subconsciously thinking I'd show everyone I could do it for a year? I did it. Now I can drink?.... nahhhh. Because nothing has changed and EVERYTHING has changed.  :).2. Payed for my tickets for a concert camping weekend in July. Right away got thoughts of being able to get drunk at the concert and quit drinking again right after... I'll have been off alcohol for a year and a half by then.... Double nahhhhhh!!.. ..Getting drunk won't ADD anything to my good times. I'm not that kind of a drinker. I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk. And in all honesty I hate being drunk. I just got used to it. And now I'm not used to it anymore. And I'm not going back. .. ..Today I refuse to allow my brain to romance alcohol. I refuse to let it rewrite the misery into fond "remember when" stories. For every fun moment there were hundreds of debilitating ones. Based on that truth I am getting excited to celebrate my one year victory. To do that I will gladly not drink with all of you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

You being able to be this self aware is a huge sign you're gonna keep on the sober train. I can imagine a year from now missing a lot of good times drinking but like you said it's not worth starting from 0 again. To me personally going back to drinking would make me think "Well I got away with it that time maybe I can get away with it again" Its better to keep the fridge plugged in and stay on it. Sir I will not drink with you today
a thousand times all of this!..
Yeah I have those same thoughts the last 2 weeks. ..Way to go on 361 days inspirational man! ..
A million times yes to the hating being drunk part...My cravings consist of missing getting wasted at a party with my friends ... but one of two things always happens:..1. I'm attempting to moderate so I drink slowly and become painfully aware that my motor skills are deteriorating or I'm slurring my words speaking too loud etc etc and then I'm unhappy and self conscious...2. I drink so fast that I skip all the intermediate steps and go straight to wasted so I miss the self conscious bit. Then I blackout and spend the next day unbearably hungover and totally humiliated...... what? Why would I want either of those? Stupid brain. Congrats on almost a year!!
that little voice is such a sneaky son of a bitch. those thoughts happening here too but i laugh in the face of such absurdity!! I KNOW YOU! you SOB!! bahaha - that's what i think now. that asshole is on the other side of the fence... so to speak. i think you are doing an amazing job and i will not drink with u today.  
Thank you so much for this post. It just helped me realize that I'm going to have exactly the same crazy thought when I hit a year - maybe even worse. I've found that for me the "one day at a time" thing has almost no psychological value for me so I've really really banked on the one-year marker. Thanks to your post I just realized how likely it is that I will at one year feel somehow "safe" to drink again. So I will be thinking ahead now WRT how to take extra precaution.... Congratulations on a year!
Rewrite the misery into fin remember when thoughts. I wrote that down as inspiration for later. Thank you 
 "I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk."..Amen brother amen. Same boat here I don't want a cocktail I want to be COCKTAILED. Except now I don't. Not anymore.
Struggling with similar thoughts! So crazy how our brains try to pull fast ones on us no matter how long it's been...Addiction is weird. ..Congrats on a year! And double congrats on being able to step outside these negative thought patterns and see them for what they are. You're doing a great job. :)
&gt;I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk...I laughed so hard at this! It's very true but the way you worded it sounds like a little song or rap. "Ain't cravin' no drank I'm cravin' a drunk. I can't cave now; I ain't no punk." (Can you tell I can't rap?) Lol ..Congrats on a YEAR sober! I'll join you in not drinking today! 
I had the urge to celebrate my 100 days with getting drunk. What a strange thought to have that monkeys still on my back. I rationalized it by thinking back to every time I've tried to quit and celebrated a week or a month (on the rare occasions I made it that far) and how it never ended up being 1 night to celebrate. Went straight back into daily drinking. I'm glad I know this about myself and can use it as a tool to rationalize urges to 'celebrate'.
If I thought I could just handle one or two drinks I wouldn't be so adamant about staying sober.. I figure the worst that will happen by my not drinking is that I will eat too much sweets not the worst thing in the world.
I came in here to WEAR YOU OUT!!! Looks like you beat me to it. Thanks for not drinking with me today. Happy early "soberversary"!!!
Love this and happy soberversary! 
happy sober birthday!!!
"We had to drink because times were hard or times were good.  We had to drink because at home we were smothered with love or got none at all.  We had to drink because at work we were great successes or dismal failures.  We had to drink because our nation had won a war or lost a peace.  And so it goes ad infinitum."  ..People always thought me crazy.  I never really drank over problems.  I am a celebratory drinker.  It's coming home from work with slaps on the back and "atta boys" that see me heading for the richly wooded bars on secluded back streets.  When I'm feeling fantastic the type of fantastic that comes from being weeks and months recovered from my last death ridden hangover where I vowed never again.  I'm feeling great exercising meditating really feeling good physically and mentally.  Boom that's where I'll start walking to the gym and in a matter of minutes I'll bypass the gym and hit the liquor store just a block further and there starts the spiral down into hell.  I totally understand the post.  There is much to celebrate at a year.  For me it automatically takes me to thoughts of drinking.  I have to figure out some tools that can help me when the satisfaction of sober sets in and my demons really come to the surface.  Any suggestions out there?.
The brain really does 'romance' alcohol.  It looks back with rose tinted glasses it tells us that we are not alcohols and that it'll be different this time.  I miss the good times that came with booze but booze has left me at 38 with very little.  Reputation in tatters single broke criminal record career isn't what i want it to be.  The desperation and frustration from booze has had me on my knees before but yet after a bout of sobriety i get bored romance the booze times i even forget abut the horrors its caused...tell myself i need to drink to meet people...to be that cool guy.   why the hell would i want to go back but my brain tells me to it's like an abusive relationship.
"I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk" Wow! A penny just dropped for me there. Congratulations on your one year what an incredible acheivement!! 
This is exactly how my thinking goes sometimes too and it does feel like your listening to a crazy person. I've "celebrated" staying sober by drinking and regretted it every time. It had always been my go to reward and my pity party favorite as well so it makes sense why from that point of view. ..Reward yourself with an expensive meal (hold the wine) or buy yourself a nice gift. PS4 camping gear cloths whatever your into. Reward yourself for sure though! ..
The romanticized good times could have been achieved sober we just chose to drink! Glad to hear you're able to talk your self out of it and congrats on a year 
"I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk." ..Yes. Yes. Yes. I've never heard it put like that before but that is SO SPOT ON. That describes me perfectly. I don't crave the drink like say a piece of chocolate because I want to enjoy it. I want to get rip-roaring Charles Bukowski flat out drunk. That's a really helpful perspective. ..I will not drink with you today. 
I couldn't love this any more! 
&gt; Because nothing has changed and EVERTHING has changed. :)..I LOVE this! Thank you! 
I am a drink and celebrate kinda person so tgis one is hard for me too. I also have had a relapse and know diffrent this time around and am more aware of my feelings. 
Yeah that's how my brain works too. I have this one where I give myself a certain amount of "drink tickets" a month and almost convince myself that this would be a way to moderate my drinking. Yeah not gonna work. Just gonna use a bigger glass or by everclear or whatever. ..So much easier just not to deal with it at all. Congrats on your year!
nah.
It had always been my go to reward and my demons really come to the hating being drunk part.
Well said!
I enjoyed this whole thread! Thank you and congratulations!
I think the way you worded it is really key. When ever i used to celebrate like that it'd always be .-"exams are over let's get drunk!".-"I got a raise let's get drunk!".-"It's monday... let's get drunk..."..In my adult life now I rarely ever hear that from my friends and family who can control themselves. It's always "let's have a drink". 
I had similar feelings leading up to my 2 year anniversary and I ended up drinking. Nothing bad happened I had 5 beers and then passed out. But I started getting the same old cravings - I am enjoying life so much more now that I'm not planning and scheming about when / how I'm going to drink...I still have a lot of friends who drink but I love spending time with them. You can still go anywhere if you have a legit reason for going - I occasionally go to bars to see bands but always with friends who know I don't drink. I also keep my car there so I can hit them with the old Irish Goodbye. You don't need a drink today and talking to you're anonymous friends on Reddit is a great way to get out of your own head. Stay on the water wagon! You owe it to yourself to be your best self and I know that MY best self also happens to not drink alcohol.  
No.
Very motivational thank you and congratulations!
Very motivational thank you and congratulations!
Get stoned instead 
Well done :). 
A year coming up myself. Those damn thoughts creep in like my goal was to make it a year when that was not the case. Like getting to a year my next goal will have to be 400 days. The mind plays so many tricks. Thought I'd be past this now?  But we all know drinking will never be the same. The drunk will never be the same. We know better. Sobriety is where it's at.
I had an exhausting mentally physically and emotional day.  I really wanted to go home get as drunk as possible and pass out /go to sleep.  That's the best plan I could come up with.  But I don't drink anymore so that's not an option.  I ordered Domino's got some soda and told my kids we were doing a pajama movie night.  I'll be better off for my choices. 
So great man such wonderful self-awareness you are doing a great job controlling and keeping your life in check and in balance...The romance of alcohol is something I struggle with as well.  When you said "concert camping in July" my first thoughts were of drinking a ice cold six pack laughing with a bunch of great people enjoying a nice morning walk in the grounds sharing life memories with friends and having a blast."  .....yeah that's not how it would end up turning out I can feel the hangover headache even now lol.
Ugh I've been doing the same mental gymnastics.... maybe at a year I'll get drunk maybe I could do it once a quarter.... clearly if I go from once a year to four in a two minute span it won't end well. Maybe I could be one of those rare drinkers but from what I read here it never works out that way and I'm too scared to let my mind go there. 
&gt; I haven't been craving a drink I've been craving a drunk. And in all honesty I hate being drunk. ..^ Yes.
Just checking my days count
