-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vy3aa/the_struggle_and_my_transformation_in_progress_a/

Quitting alcohol has been the greatest obstacle I've ever overcome in my life by far.  It took me a year of practice but I feel like I've really overcome the hardest parts and have been working to cultivate a new life that just doesn't have room for alcohol to sneak back into it.   I've seen several great posts here that bullet point the personal benefits of not drinking i.e. hangover free mornings driving at night without fear of being over the limit etc.  They often resonate with me and I love being reminded of those benefits.  There are a few really substantial benefits that I've personally been experiencing recently and I thought I'd share with you all:..1)  Introspection or rigorous self-reflection.  To finally overcome drinking I really had to look into myself to study myself in detail   like scientifically almost   to observe my reaction to time of day work stress weather etc.  The more I did this the more I realized just how truly connected my mind and body really are and how much one affects the other.  I had to actively plan escape routes from the mental traps that I would fall into if I stuck to my old way of doing things.  I found that I cannot just WILL myself out of a craving or stress or sadness.  That reptilian part of the brain will inevitably rear its ugly head and gnash its gnarly teeth and it cannot be reasoned with but it can be predicted and nullified.  I have to physically DO something to generate new endorphins or light up different neural pathways.  I would walk ride a bike take a shower a hot bath go shopping cook an elaborate dinner.  I would figure out what worked and what didn't by trial and error.  I stopped looking at my relapses with ONLY regret and started also mining them data.  Thing is I can now apply this introspective behavior to other areas in my life and overall I'm finding it really helps me avoid arguments and discontent at work and home. It lets me enjoy the highs of life with greater presence and appreciation.  It lets me dampen and soften the sad and frustrating times that are just unavoidable in life.  Basically introspection is awesome...2) Empathy or perhaps the better word is  compassion.   Quitting alcohol has brought out a side of me that cares so much more about other people than drinking me did.  I think partly it comes from the intense work it takes to start learning how to forgive oneself. My journey to find self-forgiveness has given me the gift of a more universal forgiveness compassion and understanding of others.  ..I've generally found that since quitting drinking I just want to be a better person in every sense of the word.  I don't know if the drive to become better was there all along and the alcohol was smothering it or if it's an emergent phenomenon born out of the struggle to get sober.  Regardless I sure do like it!..I'm still in the grips of this transformation of course I look forward to what comes next.  90 days tomorrow for me and I'm proud of that!  I will not drink with you today!.
----------immediate responses--------

Well fuffykins give yourself a big pat on the back for a well written post and 89 days sober.  I am not quite at your level of days without drinking but have also taken a long hard look at not only myself but also those around me  and I didn't always like what I saw.  I have realised that my Rioja tinted view on the world was to a great extent being fuelled by an attempt to drown some deep long standing unhappiness in my marriage.  Being sober has really lifted the scales from my eyes and allowed me to  look at a wide range of issues in a calm rational manner - and if I can stay sober through this then I really don't see why I would want to reach for a bottle/pint again.  The future will in all probability be painful and rather uncertain in so many ways but I feel so much better equipped to deal with whatever may happen...I am incredibly happy to not drink with you today.
Wow. Sounds like you are learning lots. Fantastic 
This was really inspiring thank you for sharing. 
Woohoo. You're only a day behind me. Anything planned as a celebration? I'm thinking sushi.
