-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vyx12/a_few_thoughts_on_2monthsish/

A few random thoughts. ..I'm on my phone so I can't see my badge - but I guess I'm on 50-or-60-something days?  My last drink was just before Christmas...It's taken me almost a year to get here but I'm not really tempted any more. In fact a passage in This Naked Mind about people turning themselves from intelligent into morons sticks in my head when I think about alcohol. ..Alcohol is everywhere. From the "no good story ever started with salad" memes to everyone talking about looking forward to Friday night wine. No wonder people struggle. Today I was going to say to someone "I don't drink" when she was dreamily talking about having a bottle of wine when she gets home and thought "you know what? I can't be bothered because then it would make me look weird and I would have to explain and it's not really worth the effort"...I've been relying on ice cream and Diet Coke to see me through. I've put on a ton of weight (I know Diet Coke is calorie free but there seems be quite a bit of evidence that it's not good for you anyway). It's time to start exercising and eating better. ..In fact the last two weeks I've felt pretty crappy. Tired headaches bloated and lethargic. In the past I would have blamed the booze. Now maybe my body's telling me to shape up. ..I'm not sure about what it is that's different and why I'm not really tempted. It almost felt like a switch clicked into place that day in December. Im sure reading This Naked Mind helped switch it over. ..If any of you are struggling it's taken a lot longer than my 50-something days to get here. Stick at it - it's definitely worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

you're at sixty two days! wooo! ..thanks for sharing your thoughts. you're just a little bit ahead of me and i'm in a similar place. i've committed to running again; i was into it a couple of years ago then stopped. time to bring it back!..i will not drink with you today!
Congratulations! I'm so glad you're feeling free. I totally get what the *click* is like... mine didn't happen until I was a couple months sober but it did finally click and it's been great ever since. ..Keep it up I won't drink with you! 
62 days man! I had the "click" as well about 3 or 5 months in. That little voice in the back of my head turned to a  whisper then eventually I couldn't really hear it anymore. So glad the compulsion to drink has been lifted from you and you can get that sense of freedom from the addiction. ..I found as well that after the pink cloud disappeared it was definitely time to work on directing that addictive energy elsewhere. Working out running etc all great ideas. Thanks for posting this. ..Reminds me of the post yesterday where the guy was talking about how few people have the "perspective" of not drinking - alcohol comes into their lives and then stays there. To take a few months or a year off just to gain some perspective as to how life is like without alcohol... I think personally the "click" is a huge part of that... For me the clarity I gained from the perspective of not drinking allowed me to realize that I just... Can't drink. ..So anyways enough rambling congrats on 62 days and I won't drink with you today! 
