-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w0c3y/to_the_months_and_year_sober_individuals_congrats/

I am aware of alcoholism and its ugly head. That it will always reside. But have you been able to have a single beer or glass of wine to enjoy at a family occasion with your wife or husband at a wedding and so on. Or would you see that as a relapse of some sort? .Thanks! ..Edit: Y'all are really helping a new guy really wrap my head around the disease. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

That would be a relapse for me. ..I don't see the point in one drink. I have gotten married been through numerous Thanksgivings/Christmas/Easter/Canada Day's and never felt the need to have a beer to celebrate.
When it comes to sobriety I find it easier to do 100% than 99%.  In the past when I've tried to moderate having that one drink on a special occasion always made it easier to justify the next drink and so on until I was drinking alcoholically again.  So no I won't have just one.
Nope no chance I can ever moderate again. So the answer to your question is no. 
I've drawn a hard line for myself on alcohol - I am not giving it an inch. I don't want to risk slipping back to old habits. I have relearned that I can celebrate special occasions without alcohol in my glass.
my former attempts at moderation were called alcoholism.
No cheating one drink will be two.
I had glass of wine at Thanksgiving after 3 months sober. Fast forward 3 months and I had totally stopped eating and was drinking harder than ever before. I cannot have that small drink. Before I realized my problem I always took issue with hearing a doctor say "one more drink could kill you". Now I know exactly what that means. 
I have not had a drink since the morning I quit. I have thought about having the occasional beer. For the taste right? I've decided I shouldn't do that. It's best if I don't give booze a chance to get me again. 
I mean if you're gonna have one might as well have another - right? My logic.
There is no such thing as a small drink.   Period.   And believe me I tried. 
I can barely control my drinking when I'm sober. I couldn't possibly control it tipsy. 
My dumb brain has thought "sure I'll go there and have a beer with people to [network|make friends|celebrate]" and then I remember that I don't even love the taste of beer - just being drunk.  And then I remember that I don't love being drunk either.    Granted it took me a few tries (and I broke a few long stretches of sobriety to learn this) but now that I know I don't feel the need to relearn it.  
No.
I did after 8 months sobriety I had a glass of wine that resulted in three.  It sucked I didn't even get a good buzz it wasn't enough! I realized I don't just want a couple drinks  I want to always get drunk.  So I didn't drink for another six months then had 2 glasses of wine again it sucked didn't do anything for me cause I do not really want moderation as much as I try to tell myself I do! Each time I woke up pissed cause I lost my streak for nothing it's sooooo not worth it.  I now am at eight months again and have no motivation to moderate I'm staying sober!
nope. i have never in my life only wanted one. 
I would consider consuming any amount of alcohol a relapse in my situation. Gratefully alcohol has not crossed my lips in 34 years. 
Nope not one drink. I've been drunk and I've been sober. I love sober. 
No. See I did have a *single* beer but it turned into 9 single beers one after another and then 5 G &amp; Ts. Other times I've had a glass of wine that turned in to bottles so it really doesn't work. I plan on sticking with it this time!
Someone else on this site said that one drink would "wake the beast" that was alseep inside them. That's how I feel.
I wasn't sober in 2011 but my drinking was not every day at the time. I went into a bar I used to frequent one afternoon for **one beer** to celebrate my birthday. Literally the next thing I remember I was on my back on the ground in the dark out front. (turns out it was after closing time) (Turns out I was punched in the face and ended up with a cracked skull)..I was dry for about six months consecutively 2013-2014. Tried 'moderation'. Ended up with me getting drunk pretty much every day from summer 2014 until 2017. With a few months break in the hospital and following a convalescent home after getting run over by a car while drunk in 2015.. I got back on the wagon again the end of last month. ..So *for me* a 'single' drink is not in the cards..."one drink is too many &amp; a thousand never enough"
Thank you for posting this question.  I just downloaded a moderation app on my phone yesterday thinking that maybe I can control this.  The thought of never drinking again overwhelms me.  I would love to think that I can have the odd drink and keep my sober streak going.  I just know that a single glass of wine has NEVER been enough for me.  :(
Nope. I don't do small drinks. I do litres of vodka and it doesn't work out very well. 
I find I relate to what Annie Grace writes in This Naked Mind - it is better for me to take drinking totally off the table and not create inner conflict (conscious mind wanting to moderate unconscious mind not so much). I feel much more at ease when I know that it just isn't an option. Thinking about trying to moderate in the future makes me anxious so i avoid thinking that way. 
I don't consume alcohol...I'm much happier.  ..I don't *want* a single beer or a glass of wine.  I can consume one or two or one hundred *anytime I want*!..I don't want one today...Alcoholism doesn't "reside" in my.  I'm not an alcoholic.  I don't consume alcohol so *alcohol is not my problem*...I have control over ALL the *Alcohol Not Inside of Me*...
I wouldn't personally call it a relapse if I had just one drink...But it won't be just one drink. 
No. One always leads to 10 for me. 
No I havent. I haven't tried because I don't want one because one is not enough. It would be torture and guilt and anxiety inducing. I would believe I can have just the one. Then since that went so well I would believe I could have just the one every once in a long time.. like at new years... then I would see that went so well I could have one at birthdays too.. then since now I'm having one every month or so and it's fine maybe I can just have one when I go out to a fancy restaurant. .. and since now I'm having one just fine almost every weekend I can probably just do a test run and have 2... 2s not enough to do anymore damage than 1 is it? And you see where this is going...
My life is better without alcohol 
I was sober for 8 whole months lest year and felt that I could try having a glass of wine with dinner while on vacation.  Today is my first day of sobriety so one drink turned gradually into almost 6 months of drinking again.  Never again it's not worth the risk.
