-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w0fna/the_more_i_relapse_the_harder_it_is_to_quit/

I have been drinking to get drunk for the last 35 + years and I've attempted to quit many many times. Lately it seems as if it is getting harder to manage just a few days sober. The cravings come upon me and I usually succumb to the urges. ..My issue is more psychological than physical since I don't really drink that much or for too many consecutive days. I usually drink four to six beers on my first day off the wagon and may consume up to 10 beers the night before I say "No mas!" I don't feel any major withdrawal symptoms but I do feel depressed with my inability to succeed in quitting...However by the time a few sober days have passed I'm ready to drink again (usually the weekends). Then I quit again...Wash rinse repeat.....The cycle never seems to end.
----------immediate responses--------

What are you willing to do to help yourself?
I went through this limbo last summer it sucks like a groundhog day nightmare. I was having physical withdrawals and the pain was horrendous I described it and have been told it mirrored opiate withdrawals. It took treatment again and this time a full surrender that I would do anything including meetings and a sponsor for the first 3-4 months. I even put myself back into an Oxford sober living house. I have attempted to to get sober and always lost it near six months or earlier. I will be six months next week  and the power I have I've never experienced before. My method may not work for you or a lot of people but it might be a good start.  I visit a meeting about once a week and I am still checking in with my sponsor and working the steps of AA daily along with meditation and I bike until I am exhausted. I am continually working to overhaul my life and recognize my shit thought process for me the trouble was never with alcohol it was with myself. 
Sounds like withdrawal kicks in. I got help from a doctor. 
Yeah I've read about kindling (google it with alcohol).  My body was wrecked 49 days ago.  Took more time to repair.  Slept a ton the second week and third.  Still healing but much much better...I'm glad you are back!
Real talk. You've been posting on this sub for at least two years. You've gotten all kinds of advice from all sorts of people. Have you ever taken any of this advice? If not why not?  Have you tried going to a meeting? Therapy? Talked to your doctor? Talked to your wife about what's really going on?  Considered going to treatment?..Do you honestly want to quit drinking? If you keep trying to quit the same way and failing over and over nothing is magically going to change and start working.  ..
