-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w57gt/check_out_this_star/

A year ago today I woke up and said 'Not today.'..I didn't really pick a day or plan it.  I didn't and haven't attended a single AA meeting.  Not that these don't help some people or have value but they were not part of my journey...What I did do was this my last year was this:..* Spend the previous year seeing my brother slowly die from his alcohol addiction attended his funeral and clean out his house because the rest of my family was too hurt to face his empty home and go through his effects..* Shot by shot weaned myself down from a fifth a day of the cheapest bottom shelf whiskey down to about a half pint a day.  I maintained half pint a day for about 3 month until my  Not today' moment...My family was pretty shell shocked by my brother's death and my feeble attempts to timidly raise my hand and try to speak up about my problem were usually met on good days with a sideways glance and a frown like "He's just trying to get attention" to the days when I was noticeably drunk when they would just go into hyper angry mode "What is your problem your brother died from this you better stop it!" or "I'm not going to watch you die too!"..Bottom line for me was not rock bottom it was a bit further than that.  I had hit my own rock bottom way before and I had to stew in it for about a year to mentally prepare for the quit.  The weaning down helped.  The knowledge that I wasn't going to be saved by anyone was another.  My family couldn't and wouldn't entertain another death in the family and while they had good intentions would have just been angry instead of supportive if I went too far.  I developed diabetes.  I had gained 100 lbs.  I had lost my job and was on unemployment for over a year (now living in my brother's home that I was in charge of cleaning out.)  I had isolated my family and friends because drinking was more important than them.  I would have had to shower and shave and DRIVE to see them.  All low priority.  I visited 4 different liquor stores one a day in a pattern so no one clerk would know I was drinking a fifth a day.  They all knew me by name.  And let's be serious they all knew I was drinking a fifth a day.  I would be there waiting when they opened.  I had been hospitalized twice for pancreatitis.  The worst pain I have ever felt and I have felt some bad bad pain before.  My second visit to the hospital I kept to myself.  My first visit was met with anger from family so I no longer involved them.  My nephew was in and out of homelessness couch hopping and burning bridges with the entire family (including me) because of his meth and alcohol addictions and just before my quit date was sentenced to many years in prison.  Because of a love of a substance...So yeah.  I woke up and said  Not today'...I lurked here a lot.  Not every day but definitely more the first few months.  The first week was HARD.  I kept a close eye on my health make sure I ate and drank sensibly.  I slept a lot and occupied myself with movies online games web browsing.  Kept myself isolated and stress free.  Kept my car keys close in case I needed to go to the hospital (I didn't).  But I took it hour by hour and that grew to day by day etc.  It's doable.  It's so doable.  It was just hard...I guess the point I wanted to make is that for me quitting was more of a struggle for ME wanting to QUIT than it was from me knowing I had to.  Hell I KNEW I had to.  But I didn't care and I didn't want to.  You have to want to.  You.  From inside.  That sounds all tidy to someone who hasn't gone through it.  I had and ignored dozens of reasons to quit.  But the only one that gave me the strength was just caring about myself...I've lost 60 lbs.  I have a challenging full time job in my career field that I actually enjoy.  I finished clearing out my brother's house.  I bought a whole new set of clothes that I feel good in.  I shower daily and eat well.  I see my friends and family.  Not as much as I used to but I do.  I'm almost ready to start looking for a partner again.  I still have a hard time listening to music as it makes me feel too much pain about my past and people who are gone.  Part of why I started drinking in the first place.  But I do it more and more and hope to slowly get better...1 year out alcohol is not my biggest challenge.  Its slowly rebuilding the live I gave up for it.  But that's what next year is for and the next and the next...So find your reason.  Not the one that will make others happy or that you HAVE to do.  But yours...Thanks for listening and stay strong.....
----------immediate responses--------

What a wonderful story. I am thrilled for you.
The star has a lovely smile on it
great work! I hope i can be as diligent as you!
So sorry to hear about your brother. But glad you were able to break free before alcohol claimed your life as well. It sounds like you've been doing a lot of healing. Congratulations! You have so much to be proud of! 
Outstanding.  Awesome success!..Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Awesome job and great writeup. Sounds like you're experiencing a lot of true joy. Nice work you deserve it!
After spending the last two hours toying with if I should have a drink I read your story and felt so inspired. I want to live a full and happy life something that you are achieving by your incredible hard work. Congratulations and I will not drink with you today!
What a beautiful change!  Thank you so much for sharing your experience and lending your hope.  ..Congratulations on your first sober anniversary and many happy returns!
Great read very emotional and inspirational too.  Very sorry about your brother.  Thanks for writing this.
Your noted point is among the best I have seen in a long time:..&gt;quitting was more of a struggle for ME wanting to QUIT than it was from me knowing I had to. Hell I KNEW I had to. But I didn't care and I didn't want to. You have to want to. You. From inside. ..For me it was about making the decision and doing it for myself. My wife and kids share in my sobriety but it is for me first. If I did it "for them" I'd probably blame them for "making" me do it...Congratulations on your year!
Happy 1st soberversary!  Coffee cheers to many more to come. 
Ugh. I'm relapsing.
Best post I've read in a while here. Thanks for taking the time to tell your story it really resonated with me. 
Wow what an amazing story. I'm so sorry about your brother...This is so touching and inspirational -thank you for sharing and congrats on a year.
Really great story. I'm sorry about your brother but simultaneously amazed by your turnaround!
CONGRATULATIONS!
Nice WORK!!! Big high five to you. What a journey! 
Huge congratulations to you on a job well done and thanks for the inspiring post. It lifted my spirits just reading it :)
exactly! all of this - one day without planning it all became too much and it was an all knowing and purpose filled choice. not today. i'm done. here's to finding some inner peace   
Thanks for telling us your story.
Congrats. So much inspiration to keep going.     
Look at you now... an inspiration to so many.   Stay Strong!!
Congratulations! I know exactly what you mean about listening to music it can be such a source of emotions rising. 
