-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wcim0/i_relapsed_hard_i_need_some_help_getting_out_of/

Hey gang..So I was going strong for about 60 days. Then my girlfriend and I broke up...It was like a flip switched in my head. I was sad but I was also relieved. I had been miserable in the relationship for six months or so...Suddenly I realized how empty my life was without her. Not in like a "boo hoo I want her back" kind of way either. I had cut myself off from friends and family hobbies basically stopped having my own life. I was hit with this huge wave of loneliness and sense of being lost...And then I was suddenly desperate to fill that void with friendship and women. I got my first date lined up. And then I had this horrible realization:.."I don't want to drink but I want to fill this hole with socializing so I'm going to drink."..And the date wasn't even interesting or fun. She was boring as fuck. And I sat there sipping a whiskey diet coke pretending as if I had just been working my ass of to get clean and sober for two months straight. No big drama no big bender just a couple of drinks. Threw away my progress over a lame tinder date...Suddenly I had four dates lined up hangouts with friends etc. etc. and it all revolves around drinking. I completely relinquished that control over my life that feeling of self respect and dignity...The worst part is that I had met some cool people through AA. I had gotten a sponsor. But I started completely ignoring them. It's like my brain thinks part of my life is required to be miserable. Like without my miserable relationship I had to be unhappy in another way. I convinced myself that AA was dumb and religious and weird and I was better off without it...And then the drinking continued and continued. Last night I got drinks with one group of friends and then left that group to join another group and drink with them. I stayed up drinking until 3AM and I had to work at 7AM this morning. I feel horrible today and yet I just keep blindly and willfully sacrificing my sobriety. It's not fun it's not cool and guess what? I still can't handle my booze. If I keep on this road I'm headed for disaster...And I have initiated a move-in with this friend of mine. She is cool and nice but likes to drink pretty regularly. And I have already established with her that I'm a drinker. So my brain is like "well you can't stop now gotta keep this charade going!" ..And all my friends in Seattle drink. All my friends in Portland drink. All my friends in Arkansas drink. I feel totally trapped. Like I have nowhere to go. Even though I know there is an out through AA and there is support and love out there. I just feel trapped again...It's like that bit in Rick and Morty....."I'm dyin inside I'm beggin for help this is not a joke!"..
----------immediate responses--------

It's up to you! ..The bottom is when we stop digging. 
I'm no expert but I do remember reading somewhere that it's a good idea not to date (generally speaking) during recovery. I guess the reason was to keep you focused on controlling your external influences and not having to pander to social norms.
I totally get where you're coming from.  They talk about the greatest triggers to relapse being HALT.  Hungry Angry Lonely Tired.  Luckily I don't have friends who still treat drinking as a sport but it's when I'm feeling cut off from people that my mind goes to drinking.  I think it's why I spend so much time here each day - it helps me feel connected - even if it is with people I will never meet in person.  One of the things I do when I am going out with people who will be drinking casually is to order a "special" non-alcoholic drink that I only have when out in that kind of situation.  For me it's club soda with a bunch of lime wedges on the side that I squeeze into it as I go along...Oh - and on the dating thing.  I would love to be making that sort of connection but know that right now I'm in no shape to be the kind of person I want/need to be in a sustained relationship.  And hookups would just depress me.
Hi there :) All my friends drink too but they are able to do different things with me without drinking. This week I've had a dinner at my place been to the gym been to the cinema gone for long mountain walks etc. All with friends and no alcohol. Have you asked some of your friends if they want to do some healthy activities or activities that doesn't include alcohol? Moving in with your friends who is a drinker (if she drinks often or weekly) sounds like a recipe for disaster if you have a drinking problem. Sure she might be upset/angry/annoyed or whatever if you don't follow through but we're actually talking about your life here. Without your health (which will deteriorate if you keep up drinking) you will have no quality of life.
&gt;I stayed up drinking until 3AM and I had to work at 7AM this morning...Ow.  :(  That was a rough hard relapse but your sixty days is not wasted.  You learned skills to keep sober during those two months you showed yourself how good life could be without booze you committed to sobriety for yourself and your own wellbeing and you did a good job at it for a considerable period of time.  None of that is gone now because of the relapse;  your real life is still there waiting for you to go back to it.  This is a stumble not a fall and it's recoverable. You can do it!  
I'm with you starting over today. Let's just get through day 1!
Portland and Seattle....well I found your problem.
