-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wi31v/serial_relapser/

Waiting for my badge reset right now. I really feel lost and as if I'll never be able to actually get sober. The most I can put together is a week and then I start thinking I'm fine and.. we all know the cycle. ..I know that a big part of my problem is isolation/boredom/loneliness (my partner and I broke up and he moved out in September so I live alone and since then things have really ratcheted up) but I also have social anxiety so it's hard to leave my apartment. Sometimes in the past I've tried to go to meetings but end up turning around and leaving or just walking past the place when I get there. I guess there's nothing to do but keep trying...I have lurked here for a long time but rarely ever post or comment so I'm also going to try and be more active to see if actually contributing to this great community will help. Thanks to everyone for reading and being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey keep fighting the good fight. When I drink I fall into a cycle of feeling anxious and then drinking more to escape that anxiety. I'm on day 1 again and ready to try again. I will not drink with you today   
Hi. Loneliness has been a killer for me too and pouring litres of wine into the emptiness somehow seemed like a good idea. And then I couldn't stop.  What was a couple of times a month or even every week became every other day and then when I could sneak it every day.  This was accompanied by very bad dangerous decisions that I don't remember making but had to deal with when I came around. What advice would I give a lonely friend? Not the same advice I gave myself. Be kind to yourself. It is natural to feel lonely after a break up and healing takes time. I have found that planning something each day helps me to think about things other than drinking. As you can see by my badge it hasn't been easy for me lots of resets but I did manage to put together 40 days and I hope I can again and I think you can too. Anyway enough of my rattling on... I just want you to know that I am here thinking of you I have been lonely too and I will not drink with you.
Support was critical to my recovery. A therapist psychiatrist rehab and AA all played an important role. Why not get a therapist so you have someone to talk with?
Hi.  I like to keep it simple and just focused this week really on this board and reading stories.  I stopped quite easily several times in the last year for weeks to a month.  Each time I immediately went back to a bottle of wine.  So now I know moderation is a joke.  I am embracing this new way of life that is going to save a ton of money make me healthier  able to seize opportunities as they come along and a whole lot more.  I'm excited.  I won't drink with you today.  If this goes like quitting smoking did for me as each day passes I will think less of a drink and pretty soon it doesn't come to mind anymore.
I walked past an AA meeting once because I didn't like the vibe of the people who were smoking out front. They seemed vaguely threatening. Anyway I tried again and found a group where I feel at ease. I probably went to 15 different groups before I found a good fit. 
