-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wrv39/back_in_rehab_again_what_the_fuck/

Was sober for almost 3 years after the first stint in rehab then got cocky and distanced myself from AA thought I would never drink again.  One time away by myself on a business trip slowly became a year and a half struggle to stop..Back to square one to try and build the foundation up again for a clean start and hopefully my last time in treatment and a sustainable life in recovery..Thanks everyone
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for having the courage to post here and to go back. It sucks but you seem ready to kick this thing in the ass again. Best of luck.
Welcome back...You know one thing I've learned from all my relapses is that I don't put enough value on my sense of connection with other people.  What happens to me is I isolate from friends and family then get lonely and if this isn't corrected I'll drink again.  It's happened over and over and over again and I once had 16.5 years of continuous sobriety...It's a strange thing these days in society particularly in the USA.  We often talk about admiring people that are rugged individualists.  People often make fun of people that are seen to be "needy" and/or seek connection with others...Yet I've found that deep and meaningful connections not only with other people but also the deeper and more resonant spiritual sides of life have been the key to helping me stay sober....and I haven't been to a regular AA meetings in probably 2-3 years now...One of the main things I miss about AA is the fellowship.  
Glad you're back!..Some go out and don't make it back...We can learn from your experience and wisdom!
Welcome back and thank you so much for posting. I have been struggling with some family issues and have been tempted on a few occasions lately to say 'screw it' and drink at the problem just so I can have a different reason to be miserable. It helps me immensely when people have the courage to come back in after a relapse. I need to be reminded about what this disease can do and that we are all in this together. I'm going to a meeting right now because of your post so I can not drink today with you. God bless.
Thank you for sharing. Your story sums up the insidious nature of alcohol addiction. We have all had numerous failures on our journey to sobriety and those have brought us here.
There's no way you are at square one. You have experience motivation knowledge of a better way and most of your final process figured out. Patch the holes full the gaps and develop a habit of self and supported inventory on a regular basis to check for future leaks. Your clean time brought you back and will be a framework for the future; it just wasn't quite enough.  You got this. 
I relapsed after a few years of sobriety too.  It happens.  I hope that you don't beat yourself up about it.  All of that clean time &amp; knowledge was not lost.  I am moving forward with a new perspective &amp; a renewed appreciation for sobriety this time.  Best wishes to you &amp; I won't drink with you today. 
thoughts with you now...not drinking with you today.
You are brave. You can do this.
Welcome back bro...Maybe use some of the time that you are in rehab to reflect back on why you distanced yourself from AA in the first place.  And think about step 1 (only one you have to work perfectly).
Welcome back.
Thank you for sharing...I get cocky sometimes and feel like I'm cured. This is a reminder that I can easily fall back on the old path and loose all the benefits I've gained in the last 8 months. ..Sincere thanks for the reality check. 
As a fellow person who can get years of sobriety under the belt and then relapse I feel your pain. :(  Thanks for sharing your story and I think you're right about the importance of social connections.
Reading posts like this one is actually encouraging to me cause it reminds me not to ever compromise on that "one time." I almost did this past weekend........You got this! We are rooting for you!!
Welcome back. Glad you're here.
At least you are in rehab and not drinking. It is a good step.
I'm sorry you are struggling. Since you have gotten sober before you KNOW you can do it! And you will make it stick!
