-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wsdfk/for_the_first_time_in_my_life_im_afraid_of_relapse/

I'm tired of these benders. I'm tired of knowing that I can't drink and feeding the demon. Apparently fear is a good motivator for this kind of life. I don't want to relapse anymore. I'm afraid for the first time in my life of this lifestyle. I need help. I need meetings but I'm ashamed of going into meetings raising my hand and saying "I have one day". I'm ashamed of myself for chronically relapsing but I'm afraid to drink. I finally know what it means to be sick and tired of being sick and tired. I'm tired of spending all of my money on alcohol. I'm tired of not caring about my life enough to make the commitment and climb. For the first time I'm truly ready to get sober and get the help I need but I'm deathly afraid of relapse. I don't know how many I have in me. I'm 27 and knew I was an alcoholic for over 10 years now - I constantly thought that I could make it work. I tried to get sober in the program but something happened: I was sober for a year and a half I stopped going to meetings and thought that the next time would be different; that I would control my alcoholism. I need help. I'm tired of failing myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sending you some love...I hope you can get some time under your belt and start to feel better about everything in general. You've done a year and a half before so I bet you can do it again! I remember how dark it was for me but there is still hope! If you're not drinking today I won't drink with you :)
I guarantee you that if you go to an AA meeting and let people know you are one day sober people will support you. If you don't want to make yourself known then don't. No one will fault you for it. ..I had a DUI awhile back. I was in jail and once I got out the first thing I did was go to a meeting. My sponsor was there and wanted to give me a chip. I stood up in from of 30+ people and admitted that I had just come from being in jail and that I had 24 hours. It was a terrifying experience and at the time I was full of shame. Everyone accepted me though. And I kept going back to that meeting and was sober for over a year. ..I think you are right. You do need help. What are you willing to do for it?
We all have a day one it's the only place to start. We remember. The only judgement you should get for that is "great job!"
