-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wzrp1/feeling_sorry_for_myself/

I think it's 9 days now.  Longest in a couple years probably. Alcohol (mostly wine) became a coping mechanism to deal with chronic pain and then became a coping mechanism for everything.  But I've walked away from husband #2 because to get healthier I needed to move on.  Sorry b.  Really sorry. ..I'm in a new city now near my son. But no other support framework. Not that I had much before as most people are just a bother. But tonight I am just feeling pissed off.  I've had a sinus headache for a week (I think mostly due to a medication change not withdrawal so much) and my new hobby crocheting in front of the tv in the evenings is playing havoc with my partially metal neck. Mostly I feel like I'm on so much medication that I have no idea how to deal. And it's that time of the evening when the wine would normally come out...Made a successful foray into the alcohol store oops grocery store on Monday without buying any alcohol.  I felt good about that. But I've been so pessimistic about how I feel both physically and mentally that today I was thinking there's just no point to this living stuff.  I'm not even 60 haven't been able physically to work for 8 years. Had to leave a well paying corporate job and it mentally almost crushed me. I try to find meaning in other ways but it's been a struggle lately. And I feel like I'm just whining my life is pretty nifty - no work enough cash to live okay. Lots of people would kill for what I have. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you. From the outside my life is pretty good: my husband makes good money (enough for me to be a stay at home mom) my son is healthy smart and happy I've got a house and friends/family... not too much I could complain about right? Except I'm a drunk idiot. That's the mentality I'm trying really hard to fight passed and slowly it's getting better. ..It took a few months of sobriety before I stopped throwing myself a pity party. Patience is the only thing that worked for me. I hope you start to feel better soon. I won't drink with you.
I hate riding the pity bus - it's the worst. I'll feel bad for myself and it does absolutely nothing to help anything. There are times it's even been dangerous for my sobriety because I end up in a place where I get the 'fuck its'. ..The only way I have ever been able to get off the pity bus has been to get out of my head and interact with others. If I stop focusing on myself so much it helps. ..Have you considered participating in the sober community where you are?
I think feeling sorry for yourself gets a bad name. Every once in a while we all feel self-pity and not drinking gives me/curses me with the time and clarity to really feel it. My rule is that I can feel a negative feeling and even let it wash over me and wallow in it for a while but I have to figure out why I have it and what I am going to do about it. Sometimes there isn't a solution - like your health problems - but I can balance the negatives with some positives and it helps...One of the besst ways I've found is to give to people who need it. I can't commit to a regular volunteer job at the moment but I make some extra individual vegetarian meals every month to donate to a local homeless shelter. I've often thought how I would cope if I were homeless or in need of food assistance (not as big a potential now as in the past thankfully) and it makes me feel good to make sure even struggling vegetarians can stick to their ethical stand.
