-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5x1g1f/planned_relapse_accountability/

I've been feeling some serious levels of anxiety for several weeks now.  I can't believe I could possibly be thinking this but this weekend I will be on my own and a part of me just wants some numbed out relief.  I'm posting here to hold myself accountable for this foolhardy possibility I know it would just set me even further back.  I cannot afford to do that.  I've been reading up on PAWS and I guess that might be what this is all about but jeeze Louise - I guess I was hoping to be further out of the woods coming up on 3 months.  Oh well it is what it is.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. ..I've been convincing myself that "one night won't hurt" but I know for a fact that it will set me down a landslide and it will indeed hurt very much. This has been the week from hell for me still very fresh in my mind and yet I'm contemplating starting all over from scratch and doing it again next week. No thank you! It's ridiculous how our defective brains work sometimes. ..You can do it. :)
Instead of imagining the drink imagine how you'll feel afterwards the next morning losing those 87 days all for a cruel trick!! That's what I'm trying to view alcohol as now it will give you nothing!!!! Just regret again stay strong I won't drink with you x
I have been in your position more times than I can count. Trust me when I say it is so much better when you choose not to drink. I won't drink with you today!
Is there any chance you can see a psychiatrist or even a general doctor about your anxiety? Weeks on end of high anxiety is not ok and there are non-alcoholic things that can be done to help you. You don't have to live with debilitating anxiety forever.
For me ADD meds drove my anxiety thru the roof. And became hard for me to function without. I really wish I'd never been introduced to them. The 
Yes old friend! Exercise would certainly be beneficial. Mindfulness/meditation helps too; I have a little gadget from Heartmath Institute which I have found helpful when I use it; you can Google them. I also started drawing now I draw almost obsessively that's kind of a mindfulness practice for me too. I'm no Picasso but I enjoy losing myself in it and I'm not trying to impress anyone (for a change :-). Finally I have accepted that both my depression and anxiety are "helpful" signals from my brain/body that I need to observe and act on vs medicate/self-medicate to alleviate. Substances just amplify and distort the signals in very unhelpful ways. A clean signal is better and I try to appreciate and decipher them as they come.  ..It is clear: who and what I surround myself with how I spend my time the choices I make against the goals I've set for myself my expectations and acceptance of outcomes my level of gratitude for what I have: these are the real drivers of how I feel on a given day. I'm a long way from where I plan to be but one thing I do know: not drinking is a great choice I gratefully make daily which I count as a victory and cornerstone habit I can build from. When I'm feeling down or anxious I check in with myself and can always say "but I didn't drink so that's good!" and immediately feel a bit better. I recognize that if I want to feel *even better* I can make similar rational/positive/responsible choices and changes in other areas of my life which consistently trigger negative emotions. And if I'm not yet ready to make those changes (which is still most of the time as I'm progressing in baby steps)? Well I didn't drink so that's good! Building off that proven achievement I believe I can and will achieve the rest. 
