-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5x6004/work_is_crazy_and_alcohol_lies/

I've been putting in multiple days where I get only 4-6 hours of sleep (though I steal catnaps when I can). Holy hell yes I'm tired...Last night at dinner the bar was having a 1 for 1 promo and I thought: _hey two pints can't be that bad_...If I said that I recognized the stupidity of that thought immediately I'd be lying. I struggled with it for awhile but it was the lovely burger I was having plus the reminder that alcohol *lies* that got me through it...To wit:.- Adverts tell us that drinking beer helps after a long day of hard work. LIES..- The truth is that alcohol interferes with sleep and would've resulted in me feeling absolutely shit today...I've only had 5 hours of sleep but I'm relieved I'm not hungover. I don't feel sharp at all but at least I don't have a headache and my mouth isn't as dry and smelly as a rotting cow in a desert...I'm not drinking today. And I'm gonna get me a good sleep tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome job remembering that alcohol is poison not a reward. That's what I'm trying to do different this time instead of the "oh that would be nice thought" A burger sounds lovely too! Keep it up :)) 
HALTS: hungry angry lonely tired stressed. It sounds like you had a combination of these things going on. Great job not drinking and giving your body what it really needed. Alcohol is a lie for sure! I'm not drinking with you today! Now get some sleep :)
"my mouth isn't as dry and smelly as a rotting cow in a desert"- That line is soooooooo good.  I'm going through the same thing.  Work has been a BITCH lately but it would have been SOOOoooooooo much worse had I been drinking.  Congrats on your 11 days!!!
You speak the TRUTH about that Liar alcohol. My senements exactly. Lie  lie  lies!!!  Hope you get some sleep tonight. Zzzzzzzzz
I now notice I feel much better with short sleep and no booze than drink and lots of sleep. Alcohol just wrecks my sleep like nothing else. But getting enough sleep and not drinking gives me continued energy to keep refraining. Keep up the good work!
This is a great reminder for me. ..A lot of my problem of late with alcohol has been as a result of the above thinking that because my day has been stressful alcohol will be my reward...Thank you.
You smacked that Urge down like a boss. Sad that I have only one upvote to give.
I will not drink with you today   
Great job not believing the lies!
