-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xawoc/i_relapsed_hard_last_night/

I honestly know and don't know how it happened. I was a week in. I had a therapist appt today. I managed to avoid not one but 2 huge triggers. Then the biggest one of all... hubby went on night shift and I congratulated myself with a week done. ..Honestly I am so ashamed I could just die. I'm pretty sure I drank everything in the house last night. I stumbled out of the room at 6am this morning with a giant beer can in my hand and I swear my husband could have murdered me with one look. I have to pay for my therapy appt because I am too drunk to drive there or go by contract appt. What the fuck is wrong with me?! I mean seriously. Who congratulates themselves on a week sober by drinking literally everything in the house. I fought the voice so so hard last night. It wasn't enough. Badge reset today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not sure what your home situation is but it may be beneficial for both you and your S/O to not keep any alcohol in the house.  You take away a huge temptation from yourself if you have to actually physically leave in order to obtain alcohol. The more actions that have to take place in between you and alcohol the more opportunities you give yourself to question wether the decision you are about to make is a healthy one or not. Physical distance makes the decision to drink less habitual than it already is and just helps give you another leg up on that monkey :)..I know I can't keep anything in the house. Doing so is just torturing myself. I hope you find something that works for you and congratulations on the week that you did reach. Every step is worth being proud of and if you do stumble all you can do is pick yourself back up. I will not drink with you today OP!
I'll second /u/Probably_wrong_AMA in that you might want to get the alcohol out of the house. It seems based on your post that your husband is not only supportive of you quitting but is encouraging it. Alcohol is not a good thing to have on hand for a person in recovery. ..Second don't beat yourself up too hard. Sure you may have relapsed. Relapse is not at all uncommon in recovery and if it wasn't recovery wouldn't be so damn hard! ..Give yourself a break. Don't dwell on beating yourself up over this. Focus on the victory - you made it a week sober. What did you learn in that time and how can you apply it to starting back on day 1? ..What are you going to do differently this time to ensure it doesn't happen again? Therapy has helped me a ton but I definitely needed the support of other alcoholics who were going through the same thing as me which is why I attend AA. They just understand certain things that a therapist might not. ..Again don't beat yourself up and the only thing worse than relapsing is not picking yourself back up and trying even harder this time. ..Show your husband you mean it :) 
Who congratulates themselves on a week sober by drinking? It's the part of our brains that doesn't make any sense the addicted part. I try not to figure that part of my brain out it's rubbish. I just try to concentrate on dehydrating that voice by concentrating on my supports. Visiting here a few times a day reading the books in the sidebar listening to sober podcasts emailing my sober pen pal watching sober Youtube video podcasts. Building up your sober toolkit starts today. You got this. You're not alone. That's how I've gotten this far. I support you and will not drink with you today.
I am sorry to hear it. Good thing is you have another try at sober today. And obviously you have the strength for a day you made it a whole week. I have been working on sober for 2 years. I have relapsed and lied about relapsing And gone beautiful sober months as well. I think picking yourself back up and carrying on after a relapse is very important. And there is a lot to be said for not crawling back in the bottle today just because you drowned in it last night. Keep carrying on and maybe keep alcohol out of the house for now :)
Thank you for sharing. I too relapsed 4 days ago. Scared myself to death. I drink all day work or not and can NOT do this anymore. I do not do this anymore. I have no clue how many times I've "rewarded" myself with the hair of the dog. It is the definition of insanity. Today is a new day and so is tommorow. Together we will pull through. I believe in you a week is a struggle for me personally. 
 I have just packed up all the booze in the house. Hubby is taking it away today. I emailed my therapist this morning and was totally honest. I am too drunk to come I think it was the saddest email I have ever written and just further highlighted how much help I need. ..I have learned this past week that I need support and I need to tell all the people in my life I am struggling. I honestly thought I could just go it alone I will be looking at joining an AA group in in my area. ..I honestly argued with myself for 8 hours yesterday. It was so defeating. In the end I told myself I was going to do it anyways at some point and swore and cried as I poured the glass of wine. I feel like a sack of shit today and you know what....not a second of it was worth it last night. Not one stinking second brought relief...I can do this. I will do this. I feel like this setback if anything has strengthened me. Given me the strength to truly admit how much help I need given me the strength to tell my family and friends and given me the strength to look in the mirror today. I can do this. I will do this.
