-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xbifq/approaching_the_180_day_markand_struggling/

Sober life is without question the better life.  But is this only true for those of us that chose to abuse it?  I'm 34 and 6 months ago I suffered a bout of pancreatitis due to my consumption of alcohol and wound up in the hospital.  Since that day I said I would never drink again for many reasons in addition to the pain I experienced.  In fact the pain was only a small part of my decision even though it hurt like hell.  ..I am considering drinking again because I feel like I am missing the opportunity.  Tonight there is a work event in which I asked  hey what do you guys want to do before the event?  which the response was  go to a bar and drink of course! .  I would agree that in my new life that is about the most ridiculous answer someone can give.  What a waste.   However 6 months ago I would have suggested that we go to the bar at lunch and stay there.  Now I just wish I could say  right on I'm down for a beer .  I can't. ..I feel like I stripped myself of this freedom.  Because I chose to abuse alcohol early in life and get drunk every day for years.  I chose to pass out at 8pm every night intoxicated.  I chose to always be drunk to make that the go to good time every evening and every afternoon possible.  Then it caught up to me and I can't even have a beer or two socially because I am so afraid of becoming the old me desiring to be drunk at every opportunity. ..I said to my significant other last night  Alcohol essentially is a pop up party .  You open the bottle take a swig and viola' everyone is in party mode.  Nothing else offers that.  And so often we are looking for that pop up party.  How do we ex-drinkers cope with that?  I hate it and I'm really struggling with it.  ..I wouldn't change who I am or who I've become.  But at 34 I feel like I should drink occasionally and that it should be ok to do so. Even I know that's fucking ridiculous and deep down inside it scares the shit out of me and I hate it.  What a conflict.  ..Edit:  It's a new day and I thought I would throw a quick update out there.  But first a quick but very sincere THANK YOU to all of you for your support. ..Went to the bar for the "pre-party" and went to the event.  In fact once I am in these settings I am always grateful that I am sober.  Had a great time!  I was the one standing tall when open bar shut down - I wasn't the one slouched over and depressed because there was no more booze and night was coming to an end!  I had the whole night ahead of me and felt full of life!! Up early and feeling great!  This is why I STAY SOBER!!!..
----------immediate responses--------

The real freedom is not passing out at 8pm every night. Choosing to never be drunk. Not drinking yourself sick...I never had the ability to go out and have a couple of drinks like a normal person. That is not how I am wired. It doesn't sound like you are wired that way either. ..The greatest freedom is not believing the lie that you can't enjoy yourself without having a drink. It is completely possible to enjoy the fuck out of life sober. And you get to remember every detail of it the next day...No regrets.
You say you chose to drink every day....do you really think that your past drinking behavior was a choice? And going forward you can make better choices?..It's a tough pill to swallow the idea that I'm an alcoholic and I can never drink safely no matter how hard I try.  It's not fair that other people aren't alcoholics and can have a few social drinks. It sucks. But now that I've accepted that fact....and it is a fact....I have come to peace with it.  Lots of things in life aren't fair..
That is quite the conundrum. I feel for you and the emotions you're going through right now. ..I ask myself what alcohol does for me. I found the answer to that was relatively little benefit and a large amount of consequences. It's not that I can't drink - I can. But when I do I'm actively choosing to throw out this better life that I've made for myself. ..The days of hanging out at the bar and casually drinking a beer or two with friends was incredibly short lived for me. That lasted maybe a year before I was drinking alone and getting blackout in the process. ..If you're anything like me it's not that you can't drink. It's that you can't drink like a normal person. Any road that starts with that first beer ends with bad decisions wasted opportunities headaches financial troubles relationship issues and more. And that's if I'm lucky to have not killed myself or someone else in my blackout drunk state. ..Don't confuse society's view of alcohol with the truth. Nobody needs you to drink to be a fun person or to party. That's their perception of alcohol not the truth. I found that eventually I didn't CARE that I couldn't drink normally. I accepted my body as is - that I can't drink without serious repercussions. ..One of the biggest things that sobriety has taught me is acceptance. If you can't accept that you can't drink without damaging your life then it's an immediate setup for a relapse. The sooner I accepted that fact of life the sooner I was able to move on with my recovery and be happy with what was given to me. ..Think of your family think of your job think of your body. Do you truly think that all of those things won't suffer if you pick up again? The sooner we can accept that some things just are what they are the sooner we can move on to greener pastures. ..I wish you the best of luck with this internal battle. You don't need alcohol to have a good time and your buddies don't either. Nobody does. We just get bombarded constantly that we really do! It's everywhere... TV movies magazines etc... But it's not the truth. ..Not the truth at all. ..I won't drink with you today. 
Yeah I felt that way at about 33 years old also-attended AA for a few months stopped alcohol for about 6 months and then I figured I was missing too much and let's face it I was weak. People kept telling me I didn't really have a drinking problem compared to so and so. Let's see my relapse lasted about 34 years as I am 67 now. After some permanent nerve damage I decided it maybe would be good to quit alcohol. Glad I did. Wish I had done it sooner. Good wishes.
I look at it like I've already used up my lifetime allotment of booze. I chose about 15 years of overindulgence to the point that my body can't handle anymore alcohol. My bad. Sure as a 34 year old adult (we're the same age!) I *should* be able to drink occasionally but because I didn't ration out my amount I don't get anymore drinks. ..It sucks. If I'd used my brain and thought it thru I would've made a different choice. Next life I guess. ..As for the "pop up party" that makes a lot of sense and nothing quite livens up a party like booze! But I'm finding now that I don't want to party like that anymore. I'm a mom with responsibilities and a weakened liver. I should go to bed earlier and eat healthy. My "parties" should include the energy and patience to crawl around on the floor and build Hot Wheels tracks with my son. I had that kind of party at 7 o'clock last night and it was **EPIC!** I'll choose hearing my son squeal in delight over dirty jokes with a drunk friend at midnight. My priorities have changed as they should've changed years ago. ..Good luck! I won't drink with you.  
I read "this naked mind" (available from the sidebar). ..There is a passage in there where she describes seeing people drinking and notices that they are transforming themselves from intelligent human beings into morons who cannot talk or talk. ..I don't see alcohol as an instant party. It's taken me a LONG time to get here but now I see it as instant idiocy. 
I can really relate to the thoughts of I've already had what I was supposed to drink--and then some--in my lifetime.  arrrgghh.  That was a waste.
