-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xel19/need_encouragement_that_im_doing_the_right_thing/

This is actually my first ever Reddit post! I only discovered this sub today and I've been feeling strengthened by all of your comments but can't find anything specifically related to what I'm going through...So I decided to stop drinking 31 days ago. I wasn't sure if it was a forever thing but I'm thinking now that it might be. I was so sick of waking up unable to function because I was out of control the night before. I was sick of hiding bottles of whisky in my bedroom and drinking slowly throughout the day. I didn't even particularly enjoy being drunk- it just made me feel guilty. Then there were the (albeit rare) times when I'd get so drunk I would start randomly weeping at gatherings making everything about me. I lost a lot of friends simply because no one felt comfortable around me. Over the last few months I've tried cutting down setting myself limits of 8 drinks a week for example but nothing stuck and I'd relapse again. On the 28th January I decided to give up completely for a while and it's actually been easier than I thought.  The relief and freedom I get from not drinking is awesome...The problem I'm having at the moment is that I'm about to start a contract where I'll be touring around the world living out of a suitcase and only seeing the same 6 people every day.  For some reason I feel dreadfully sad about not drinking with my colleagues most of whom I know already and who have accompanied me on some amazing nights in the past. I feel confident that I can still have fun and dance and play games and be the life of the party like I was in the past just this time with no risk of bursting into tears at the drop of a hat and ruining everyone's night. I don't really have any inhibitions in this department anyway so alcohol isn't necessary!..Why do I feel so sad? Like I've lost something valuable and precious to me? My flatmate brought home my favourite wine last night forgetting that I no longer drink (we're very close but he's been busy with work lately and I've not been making too much of a thing about not drinking)- he wasn't at all offended that I didn't have any (more for him!) but I felt so really upset by this- like it's a part of my life and of our relationship that I'll never get back. Or perhaps on some level he is sad that I'll no longer share a bottle of that wine with him. I actually felt guilty for denying myself one treat after being so good for a month even though I know that caving would send me down that dangerous path again...Does anyone else sometimes feel like this? It's interesting that I'm not struggling with withdrawal anymore and I don't even have a strong desire to drink. I'll just be watching a film where people are drinking and feel overwhelmingly emotional that I will not experience this again. I guess I'm just looking for reassurance that these feelings of guilt and sadness will eventually pass...
----------immediate responses--------

first congrats on one month! Glad you chose my birthday as your sobriety date...In my experience a month in is when I started to feel better forgetting the consequences and thinking I was ok to drink. Odd that our brains want us to go back to the thing that made us miserable all because we now feel good without it...As far as the future- yes it's hard to think "man I won't be able to drink at ____.".That's why as lame a cliche as it seems "one day at a time".really does work for me. Im not drinking today. My daughters wedding in 20 years? I'll deal with that day when it gets here...Besides also paying money for the pleasure of being hungover and guilt ridden every morning something else you mentioned made me realize I was truly an alcoholic- drinking when I didn't want to and not enjoying it. I couldn't not drink and I couldn't stop once I started. Can you? and will you risk it in a professional setting? ....
I read a quote on this sub a while back that was something along the lines of most people live their entire adult lives without alcohol and don't know one without it.   It's natural to feel like you're grieving.   Realize it or not at some level we have all built our lives around alcohol.   To remove that from your life is to fundamentally change it.   ..Change is never easy as it removes you from your comfort zone - a mental equilibrium you've subconsciously set but it's for the best.   You can't grow to be a better person if you do what is comfortable and easy.  Eventually being sober will be become your norm. ..If I was in your position I'm not sure I'd have the willpower to go out and do all the things I'd do while drinking as the temptation would be too great.  If you're able to then all the power to you.  I also think you'll be surprised of how accepting people can be of your choice to not drink.  In my experience no one really cares.  ..Everyone on this sub can empathize with the whole "tried moderation and it didn't work" realization.   Good on ya for recognizing it. ..This community is like amazing and I encourage you to visit as often as possible.   We are all in this together.   ..For me having a group of like minded people to talk with has been a difference maker.   Even just reading peoples stories and experiences help solidify my dedication to remain drink free.  This place is very supportive and has some of the kindest people I've ever seen. ..
For me I mourned the loss of booze as silly as that seems. The good times stuck out more than the bad times because my brain always did a marvelous job of erasing all the bad times except the trips to jail and the ER. The thought of never being able to drink again didn't settle well with me and I was in denial probably three years after it was blatantly obvious to me and everyone that I am in fact an alcoholic.  Now no one has to worry about whether I made it home safely or check on me the next morning to make sure I didn't die by asphyxiation in my sleep.  It was really hard for me to stop this last time after 20 years of drinking and 10 of those years of really excessive drinking.  I had to go to detox/treatment to get the obsession off of me I couldn't scrap together 5 days sober during that time. At least now when you are touring around the world you will remember all of it I don't remember the last part of my 20's and some early 30's embrace being present for all of that if you can.  
[removed]
I do feel like this. I have mourned that companionship and feeling of being a "drinking buddy". And I get sad when I'm triggered too. I saw a relative in a play last weekend at this cool independent theatre. Whenever I've seen her there before I enjoy a few drinks as it's a theatre that allows you to take your drink in during the show. As soon as we walked in I could smell the alcohol. I was quite sad. I did see the show sober and I remember all of it. ..I think with time the grief gets less shocking and more kind of familiar or matter of fact. It also helps to watch drunk people. 
