-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xg2mp/how_many_relapses_before_you_nailed_it/

I would need some encouragement here :) Please share your stories about relapses and your victories.  Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

I have good news and bad news. I had enough newcomer chips to shingle a roof before sobriety finally stuck but I have sponsored a guy since his Day #1 who has 21 years now. He nailed it the first time! If I have done him any good at all it was simply by being a good example of what NOT to do. :)
I didn't keep a journal or make notches on a stick so I don't know the exact number. It's probably between eighty and a hundred. I first tried quitting seriously in 1982 and knew something was wrong a few years before that.
I started to drink too much about 10 years ago because of enormous work stress ( my work days were 12 hours long at least) and to relieve sleep disturbances.  Lol. I have some shorter and longer sober times- from some months up to 3 years in a row. ( During those I drank a very occasional glass on big celebrations ). So out of these 10  there are more than 4 sober years in total and other years I drank more or less  heavily.  ..
I couldn't count the times wouldn't really know how. The years are more important to me those behind me to some extent but really those in front of me now. I'm in my mid-50s now sober 4 years and change thanks in large part to this sub.  ..As for encouragement: the best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago. The second best time is today. 
At least a dozen. However once I decided that I wanted to stop screwing up my life and made the choice for me it finally stuck. 
I quit drinking when I was 21 for about 6 months and had what I consider a 21-year relapse...About 10 months ago I quit again so far so good this time. So I guess I had one relapse but it took half my life.
It's not so simple. It's about your experience when you do relapse. Do you feel like all is lost or do you feel like it was a hiccup? ..Imagine you were to decide that you will never ever have another drink or else you have failed without the possibility of redemption and then you end up having one drink. Your mind has created a reality where you must drink to ease the guilt of drinking. Addiction is irrational indeed. ..Why not try for example a trial separation of one day week or month and reconsider your own perspective on your drinking habits? ..Success at not drinking for a week combined with reflection will do you better than failing to never drink again and losing the hope of redemption isn't it? 
Countless. Sometimes multiple times in a single day.....Getting support made all of the difference this time around...The problem was that I kept trying the same thing and expected a different result each time...
I have not relapsed. I just want to say that it's possible relapse is common but not a requirement.
After decided no way no drugs no booze i have to do this three - they lasted months and destroyed my life.  Im 10 months sober now and hope this one sticks but it could still happen.
I haven't relapsed. Different things helped me along the way. When I first started I had come to accept I had a problem that wasn't getting any better and was fearful for my health. I couldn't imagine long-term so just set about putting distance between me and my last drink keeping a goal ahead - 30 60 90 days etc. ..This sub gave me lots of inspiration and I put together a rough plan that suited me. Sparkling water and keeping occpied helped me a lot early on. By the time I passed four months sober I had adjusted pretty well and something clicked I accepted deep-down that sober is the best way for me to remain things got a lot easier from that point.
Do we ever nail it? Every day is a fresh challenge for me. It's way easier than the early days but it's still there. 
I first quit when I was 31 and made it nine months my husband still drank and sabotaged my success. I figured if I can't beat em join em that kept me from trying again for 8 years...Than I began to loose control and was blacking out from age 36 to 38. I now had cravings anxiety hangovers and was so ashamed. The good news is I was desperate enough to try again Dec 2015 I made it a week than caved next Jan 2016 two weeks finally April 1st 2016 I said this is over and have not entertained a relapse thought so far...What helped more than anything was my husband quit too and our house is alcohol free. I also told friends and family about it and asked for support. Also reading SD posts keeps me focused...3 relapses I am so glad I kept trying.
