-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xh7ik/when_will_i_get_motivated_to_do_stuff_and_stop/

Hello all and HAPPY SATURDAY!.I have been here before.. relapsed came back here... rinse and repeat but now I am on to something...(I am on DAY 4 now and have asked for a badge reset). I went to a local addiction centre (no AA where I am) anyway it is run by the hospital. The first day I talked to a doctor a psycologist and a social assistant. I was then given ALCOVER. I kinda liked that...made me feel drunk without drinking although to be honest I did drink a bit while on it. I was on that for two weeks. I have started a Mindfulness course that is new for my area. There are only 5 of us and so far we had only one session but I think I like it. On Wednesday I was taken off ALCOVER (boo hoo) and put on ANTABUSE. Have not had a drink since as I am just too scared to! I have to go to them Mon Wed and Fri so they know I am taking it..I guess what I want to say is this time I think it's working! So far of course. I truly do not think I am stupid enough to drink on Antabuse but meh ya never know....One thing I have noticed is I am making lots of lists of stuff to do but cannot find the motivation. I feel tired all the time and am wondering if this is just my body recovering or the ANTABUSE? I am also taking multi vitamin and Vit B and Magnesium. Oh I am eating like a horse! .All in all I already feel 100% better then before but I want the amazing life some of you have... Don't really know I if I am making sense.. LOL.Anyway Happy Saturday to you all and I for sure will not drink today!.Niki
----------immediate responses--------

You get joy for doing things. Motivation for doing things will come later when you understand that having done someting repeatedly that it gave you joy. You liked yourself for doing it. Take exercising as an example... It's a struggle the activity it's is full of tiresome repititions... but you how you think after you have done it. Your body feels tired your decision made your body tired.... but are you proud? Did you react on your mind saying no to exercise? Can you take pride in being more in tougher and conciously more in control than your out of control feelings? You will chase the feeling the sense of "I am not what I feel.".You made a decision not to drink. Did you do it simply because you felt like it or was there more to it?.I guess you missed the feeling of control and being what you want to be. You decided. You can make yourself feel pride for it and you should. .I would suggest that you decide to do something on your list and ignore whatever feelings you have for just A FEW MINUTES. Ignore everything. tell yourself " I don't give a fuck for the next 3 minutes and start doing something on that list " After the 3 minutes hopefully you did something. Then ask yourself what do you feel now? Was it good? Can do you think if you did it again for 3 minutes that it would be harder or easier? 
I've lost weight while still eating everything in sight but I've begun to make better food choices. Hot chocolate! Yum!
Not sure how long you've been drinking for but let your body recover :) and you got some stuff done. Go a little easy on yourself. Be nice to NikiGal. 
