-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xml1r/starting_fresh_lots_of_fear_and_doubt/

Starting fresh. Lots of fear and doubt...Yesterday I had my last drink... yet another one. I've been trying my hand at this sobriety thing for only six months now but I already relapsed too many times. Really I just don't feel like it anymore. I want to get this right this time. I want to win this battle...Yesterday I was last drink in hand thinking how hard this would be...I remember what got me the first time: the bathroom trips. Really! I'd go there a little tipsy feeling bigger than the world. Feeling infinite. I'd lean with my left hand against the wall unzip and pee. I'd turn my head slowly snap my neck and laugh. How could this feel so good? How could life feel so free?..This was life on steroids and I wanted more. And everything I could ever wish was there: my favorite nightclubs would never close the friends would always be there and I would always be the life of the party. Everything felt great but the binge drinking on weekends would just elevate existence into a whole new level of amazingness...More than ten years have passed and it doesn't feel like that anymore. I just turned thirty and feel like shit when I drink. I hate the Friday Saturday and Sunday hangovers. I hate the racing heartbeat after I drink. I hate my lack of breath after climbing a stair. I hate how I look and feel because of this. I really hate the way my brain goes to hell after drinking...This past ten years brought as they do to everyone lots of heartbreak. I blame them for the addiction. Even though many of the pain was self inflicted. Even though my gravest mistakes came alongside a bottle in my hand. Even though what hurts me the most is the pain I brought upon others. Sometimes it seems like the guilt could devour me...However the thing that aggravates me the most surprisingly is that I'm not a screw up. I thrived in my work and in my personal life but being a highly functional drunk has wrecked my feelings and my thoughts. I don't drink when there's daylight out there and I don't get hammered on most weekdays. I have some preset rules to hide my problem from others. This makes it even more shameful: I'm not only in need of help I'm also alone...And everything changed. The bathroom trips are not as exciting as they used to be. My favorite nightclubs went out of business. My friends don't drink as much as me anymore. I'm still the life of the parties I go to... I just don't go there as often and they're alongside younger people. Now I drink at home pulling my much younger girlfriend into my personal hell. I hate how much more she drinks now then when I met her. She's a sweetheart a real nice person and I want to be better for her. For my family... For me even...But how can life be as amazing as it is when I have a drink? It seems impossible at times. The addiction has dimmed all of the lights and killed most of the joy. I remember the colors I miss the glow. Everything is gray now. I'm afraid. I'm in doubt.
----------immediate responses--------

I was where you are 68 days ago. Things have vastly improved for me by just not drinking. May I suggest reading "the naked mind". It's offered for free @ the sidebar of this site. It changed my life. I can promise the colors will return. I had not been investing in my life doing the work needed to "stop drinking". ..You can do this. .We can do this together..Use this sub. We are all here to help you. 
Oh man. You've expressed the challenge so well. It is a challenge but you CAN do it. At first you might have to just trust us that it's worth it and life gets better without drinking. As you tally up the days sober though you'll find out for yourself.  ..I second u/BillyySammi on reading **This Naked Mind**.  It changed everything for me. It makes the science of addiction easy to read and offers real help in convincing your subconscious as well as your conscious mind that alcohol is NOT your friend...I was like you a "functional" alcoholic. I don't know about you but I knew that if I continued drinking the way I really wanted to I would eventually not be functional at all.  I resented the nights I didn't drink because I had to pick up my kid somewhere. I looked forward to weekends solely for the drinking but HATED the lost mornings of hangover recovery.  It took me a year to try to moderate stop for a while relapse stop again etc. before I finally decided to quit for a few months.  I figured if life wasn't so much better after that I could always start drinking again right?  Well I did that and then figured I'd go a year.  A year has come and gone and I have no intention of drinking again. I feel like such an improved version of myself that I do not want to go back to the apathetic lazy numbed version of who I was.  I couldn't envision this version of me when I started out though. I had to just start and trust the journey would get me somewhere better...Congratulations. You've started. The journey will take you somewhere better but it will be rough going on occasion.  We're here for you when that happens. Welcome aboard!
My life is infinitely better than it was 64 days ago.  ..Mrs Westyman and I went to dinner on Saturday night and I watched several dear friends getting steadily smashed.  They were laughing at things that weren't particularly funny slurring their words and having deep meaningful discussions about what they were pouring into their glasses.  They were having such fun and undoubtedly felt like absolute shite on Sunday morning...Despite having very limited sleep I felt fine on Sunday morning.  I drank sparkling water with a cordial added for flavour.  I smiled at some witty remarks had conversations that I can remember verbatim gave one other couple a lift home at 2.30am.....and then looked back in the mirror and saw myself 2 months ago.  The memory of how I used to be was really not a good one.  I did not have an off switch and viewed social occasions as an opportunity to drink and drink and drink......because that is what you do right??   Well not any more.  I have finally seen the light and it no longer shines on a bottle of red wine.  Like Ripster66 has said I do not want to go back to being the person that I was.  I like the new me.  Other people may consider me to be occasionally  boring but to them I say "who cares??"  
