-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xqau3/42_days/

I haven't had a drink in six weeks the longest I've gone without a drink in about 3 years. Over the past 42 days I've noticed a few changes in my life:..* I no longer wake up feeling like I've been hit by a truck..* I no longer "celebrate" things that I should be doing anyway (e.g. I went to all my classes today so I deserve 10 drinks)..* My SO and i have been fighting a lot less since I'm not getting drunk and saying stupid or downright nasty things to her..* I'm a lot more aware of how depressed I really am. I used to think that alcohol made me feel real happiness but all it did was numb me so that I didn't worry about my problems..* I've lost weight my clothes fit much better and my skin has cleared up a lot..* I got accepted into a top 20 law school! (I had to brag about this a little). .* I feel like I have a lot more control over my life. I'm actually able to quiet my urges and I finally wake up thinking about something other than when I can have my first drink. ..Its a bit weird to think about the way my life has turned out thus far. For about 18 years I never thought about alcohol at all. I lived a full and complete life without ever getting drunk. Now a few days before my 22nd birthday I think I'm finally accepting how bad of a problem I had. I kept rationalizing my problems by saying that I was still doing well in school or I was young and should be drinking. But the truth is I was struggling and desperately needed help. This subreddit has been amazing and reading the stories from so many people has gotten me through some tough nights. ..My life is nowhere near perfect and nothing monumental has really changed since I stopped drinking. I'm still really depressed my SO and I still have problems and I know that the urge to drink  could sneak up on me at any moment. But I also know that no matter what is going on in my life good or bad drinking will only hurt me and make my life worse. Thanks for reading. . .
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations.  It gets better
Congrats on law school!!!
Lol same here on the celebrating simple daily responsibilities. "Hooray I changed my daughters diaper now I get to drink a whole bottle of liquor.".Much better to be sober!
Congratulations from someone else with 42 days to their name   Let's keep going !!
