-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xrrr7/in_honor_of_50_days/

Here's a letter I wrote to myself while in the midst of my last and final bender. I was black out wasted almost every night for about a month straight. I had absolutely no control. It took probably a little over a month after writing this letter to finally say enough is enough and quit......"Life is pain. Numbing that pain does nothing to solve your problems. You want to make a difference? You have to feel the pain. In reality numbing that pain only causes more. More problems. Heart ache. Anxiety. Pressure just seems to pull you down. Now is the time for you to rise above...Please be stronger than you were yesterday. Please make a conscious effort to be better.  Please think of future  [todayiwanttobebetter]...You are bright fun beautiful and funny. Just be you without all the substances. ..Eventually you won't miss any of this at all...Love yourself."...And I was right. I was right about it all. It took a lot of convincing a lot of relapses a lot of pain time money and energy. But finally I really listened to myself and was honest and strong and seriously quitting alcohol changed my life in just this short period of time. I couldn't do thus without you guys. So thank you you are all absolutely stellar. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's fantastic! I love your statement about feeling pain in a constructive fashion and using it to better our personality and life in general. Alcohol obviously gives us a false sense of relief and numbs pain making us oblivious to problems around us. Sober with you for life!!
I enjoyed reading this and I agree with the message.  My own sobriety stuck only when I decided to do it for myself. Congratulations on your 50 days. 
I ask myself what was there to miss??  Not a whole lot...Many congratulations on your 51 days :)
That is abso-fucking-lutely beautiful.  Honest caring and with optimism for a better future.  Thanks!!!
