-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xux6f/high_functioning_idiot_awaiting_the_easy_times/

I just got back from my local liquor store where the guy knew me and knew what to ring up before I even got to the front desk. This is exceptionally disturbing since I had only lived in the area and went to this store (not exclusively either) for under 2 months. I got home unwrapped the half gallon of Jack and the six pack of craft beer and turned on the tv.....But first the backstory...I have worked in a sensitive field in and around the government for 15 years and admitting you have a dependency just isn't an option. I can't admit that I am a recovering alcoholic because I can't let it be known that I have the problem in the first place. So there I was I just got a new job and moved from my industry mecca of Northern Virginia to the Denver area. My wife and 2 year old had to stay behind until about 4 months later when she could plan her work accordingly to also move. ..So I have a shitty apartment that I had to rent sight unseen and it turned out to be really bad and stressful. I work an hour away which isn't bad because the drive is beautiful. So when I get home I fill a highball glass full of ice and pour the whiskey to the top while grabbing a craft beer for a pairing. I do this repeatedly until I am shitfaced. I then meander to bed or pass out there and wake up feeling like a bucket of turds to a dark Tuesday morning. This cycle repeats until it is Friday. Then I can REALLY start drinking because I don't have to get up early on Saturday. ..I operate as a high functioning alcoholic as I have done since the early military days when I was ending my teenage years. I constantly feel like shit in the morning suffer through the workday and try to feel great for a few hours until the cycle repeats. ..A half-gallon of Jack and a six pack of craft beer every other day. Every other fucking day. I'm alone and it's the only solace I can find (or so my dumbass idiotic brain tells me). ..Finally I said fuck it. I just said FUCK IT! I know enough people who have waited too long to stop and know what it does. I started to use my brains for good instead of for trying to see straight while drunk on the highway toward the local watering hole or liquor store. ..I tell my wife I am going on a diet and she initially thinks the halt in drinking is just for that purpose but a month later when I visit her and the kid in NOVA and I tell her the true reason she doesn't know what to do. She becomes uncomfortable and is hesitant to drink around me. I tell her it is okay because the drink doesn't control me anymore. I control it and I have told it to go fuck itself and that I never want to see it again. We both get emotional because she never thought this day would come. ..I shed the initial bloated water weight and get to the fat pounds that actually take work to lose. I focus and begin chipping away at my fatass self. The pounds slowly are falling. Nothing extreme maybe a couple pounds a week but it's progress. ..I find that I have not yet reached that "easy" day yet. Every goddamn day it is a 24hour struggle to not go buy just a pint. Just one. One pint won't hurt it's so small of an amount. ..Then it hits me. That is the stupid talking. That is the addict. The demon. The fucking evil incarnate part of my idiot brain yearning to take a hold of my adult brain and tell it "just one pint buddy you will feel so much better."..I told that part of my brain to eat a fucking gun. To go fuck himself and not speak to me. I excised him like a wart. ..That was 51 days ago. 51 days ago I officially quit drinking. Not only in the physical form but also in the psychological. That part of my idiot brain is still there and rears his dumbass head. The difference is now he is behind bars. He is a convicted felon serving a life sentence in the far recesses of my brain. You see I need him there. I need him in that cell to remind me of what he can do if he makes parole. The damage he can and will cause. The lives he will destroy. ..Thank you /r/stopdrinking..You are a large reason why this fucker is locked away serving a life sentence..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks so much for this reminder of that demon talking. I need that reminder. I gave in to it last year after 3 months sober and didn't come up for air for about 4 months. Go fuck yourself addiction. I don't need you. I don't want you. You aren't welcome here. ..Congrats on all the healthy choices. I love your intensity about it. Go live your fucking life!
Thanks for sharing. I'm in MD working with the gov and you're right... you just can't go in and admit it. It's one of the hundreds of reasons I quit drinking. I didn't want to get to a point where I'd HAVE to admit it and get kicked out.
I love your brutal honesty with yourself your wife with us. Great imagery too excising the wart convicted felon. These images will come back to me the next time my inner idiot wants to cuddle. Thank you.
[removed]
