-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xwt7d/a_sign_i_need_to_keep_staying_sober/

I was just hanging out in my room watching Archer and my moms boyfriend came in to tell me we had to do a 12 step call. I was confused at first until I saw a girl sitting on the curb by my house. She was completely drunk and not really able to walk. That didn't stop her from trying...in the middle of the street. My moms boyfriend wanted me to talk to her and see if I could help her. She had puke and blood all over her and a hospital bracelet on. It turns out she had "cut her wrists too deep" earlier that day and gone to the hospital to get stitches then left the hospital without being discharged and walked almost 8 miles to get to my street. She was about 5 minutes from my house. ..Some lady called the police and we were all waiting for someone to show up. I was able to keep her calm and from running away until that happened. She told me we could be sisters and that I was awesome the usual drunk jolly stuff. She put my number in her phone (I hope she calls) and I was able to get it from her so my moms boyfriend could call her mom (she didn't want to contact them). She kept getting agitated when police or paramedics tried to do things with her but I was usually able to calm her down by saying the right things.......I knew what to say to her because I've been her more times than I can count. Trying to convince concerned people that they should just leave me alone not realizing how serious the situation actually was. After she left I went back into my room and cried. I've never been on the other side of something like that. I never realized how much it effected the people around me who were just trying to help. I also couldn't believe what assholes police and paramedics can be. If you haven't been through it you can't empathize and you end up doing more harm than good. I hope she ends up okay. She probably won't remember me...EDIT: It's cool that you are all thanking me and shit but I didn't post this here for praise and I don't think I did enough for her. I was thinking of stopping by her house and seeing if she is okay (she gave me her address) I also wish I had called my phone with her phone so I had her number and could check to see if she is okay.  I posted this here because it was a rude and emotional awakening for me and I thought others could relate to the experience. ..I was struggling with my sobriety from like Tuesday to Saturday. I kept wanting to give up I would think through a relapse to the end and have a hard time caring that I would end up dying or in an institution. I kept talking to people and going to meetings because I was hoping for some sort of sign. They keep telling me "Don't quit before the miracle happens". I don't think this was my miracle but I don't think it's an coincidence that she was able to walk almost 8 miles from the hospital and not be stopped until she was in front of my house. That's the universe giving me the serious reminder that I needed. Because I don't at all feel like drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Incredible. You're incredible.  Even if you don't hear from her I thank you on her behalf.  
So glad she's safe. I hope she gets help. You're so kind to help her. 
Either my screen just got blurry - or my eyes are leaking.  Well done Cassy - very well done.
That's intense.  Glad you were able to help out.
For so long I lacked empathy and would judge others. I soon realized I could easily be in their shoes and all I can do is help people now right now. After battling my own demons I completely agree. You're absolutely right we need more empathy...I'm happy you were able to help her and gain some perspective. Thank you. 
I remember once waking up in a hospital a few years ago after I had taken too much ecstasy and the doctor (or whoever he was some kind of staff member) looked at me angrily and said "I see people like you all the time" like he was so disgusted with me. They really don't understand that nobody WANTS to end up in the hospital. I'm 20 days sober and I want to be able to help other people once I get the hang of this whole sobriety thing. We have to because "normal" people don't understand. Addicts need love not judgement. 
Good on you. Reading this helps.
I liked the post until your judgmental comment about police paramedics etc. they can save her life just like you can. Save the judgments but keep helping. Good job. Hope she calls. 
God Bless Cassy you were her Angel for sure that night!
Amazing.  I hope you're proud of yourself because I'm proud of you!
Great job! Helping others helps to keep us sober and reminds us of what we have been like under the influence of the sauce. Keep doing good deeds. Even if they aren't accepted simply trying and making offers to help others is helping to keep you sober too. Thank you!
Pretty wild to be on the other side of it eh? 
