-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xwxx2/struggling/

Today was a struggle.  I didn't really do anything I'm procrastinating at work and feeling a bit gloomy about everything.  ..I know there are days like this and they're not forever but it feels like I'm sliding downhill slowly.  ..I want to be able to have a flexible routine and I'm working on getting that balance right but I'm finding it difficult...And then every now and then like a lightning strike out of nowhere comes the thought "I want to get drunk."  ..I am still nowhere near the place where I genuinely believe I am worthy of the effort that self-care requires...I know this feeling will pass.  I will keep working at it and I'll be glad I did...So I'm off to bed and tomorrow I'll get up and try to do just a few small things to make myself feel better. And the next day I'll try to do a few more...And so on and so on....EDIT:  Thank you everyone for your extremely kind comments.  It is very comforting to know that other people feel the same way (I wish we didn't but I am glad I'm not alone).  I never regret reaching out to this community and I am pleased with myself that I did reach out instead of letting this feeling stew inside me.
----------immediate responses--------

When I'm slacking off at work or around the house I start to have a drearier outlook on life.  It's really hard to break that cycle and get back into doing the things I should be doing.  
Here you are reaching out and that's a great sign that you're okay. The longer I'm sober the more I remember how normal it is that a bad day (or week) comes and a bad day (or week) goes. Regardless of what I'm doing or not. That's just life. I was too low or too high during my drinking days to realize that...Another thing that gives me hope is that sometimes right before a mental or emotional growth spot it can be dark. It's like I'm going inward before a big burst of insight. So sometimes it can be a good sign?..Hang in there. I won't drink with you while you go through it.
Wow can I relate!  I have read that it can take a full year or two for our bodies and minds to fully recover.  I guess the occasional craptastic day is bound do find us.  Hey - at least where we're at now is light years ahead of where we were before we started.  Hanging sober with you CT.  (And FWIW - we believe you are MOST definitely worth the effort of self care kindness and compassion.)
i feel the exact same.....day 2
I agree CT this day isn't what I dream of. Must be in the air. I'm just a day behind you at 97 days. I hope you feel better when yiu wake up. I wrote this day off too.:-(
Thanks for posting this. I know you're sober a little longer than me but I've had a few of these types of days recently-today included. I did a bunch of errands today but now am anxious and want to get drunk but that's not the answer. After reading your post I'm going to work out for a bit to see if it helps turn down my anxiety. I won't drink with you tonight.
I feel a lot of what you said and I feel it quite often. Luckily the habit of not drinking seems to have as strong of a hold on me as drinking used to so I've stayed sober despite my brain really wanting to drink. But I've realized that I've not had a drink many times now and I'm slowly starting to see myself as a person who doesn't drink instead of as a person who chooses not to drink. The wording is subtle but the feeling of difference is quite profound. Life is still tough many days and I still wish I had some easy escape on a lazy weekend. But drinking is no longer a thing to do so I've accepted that I'll just keep searching for other ways to deal and facing some shitty days head on. If nothing else I feel a great deal of pride and superiority over my former self. He was a bit of a coward. 
Sending love your way hope you feel better soon.
Hoping you get a good night sleep and tomorrow will be better for you. It's day one for me and hitting the bad after work time when I am most tempted. Reading your post I am considering skipping the evening and taking myself off to bed too. .All the best. 
