-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xxd7q/the_first_90_what_ive_learned_so_far/

It seems traditional around these parts to share some of what we've learned along the way.  I guess I look at in the stages that I've gone through so far...1) Oblivious that I had a problem.  Even with 1 DUI and a wrecked car I didn't "crave" alcohol - I simply had too much that night.  (That was 25 years ago btw)...2) Realizing that alcohol was an everyday part of my life.  It has been for the last 3-5 years.  Of course my tolerance for it increased so it never seemed unreasonable that I had 6-10 shots of Jamesons when out - or a bottle of wine each night when home...3) I had a trigger event that drove me hard to the bottle.  My nightly intake doubled.  ..4) Before too long (a few months maybe) I was starting to fall apart at the seams.  As any fool could tell you drinking did not help me face or heal from the trigger event...5) I realized that I'd better cut the drinking out for a while.  Tried and failed many times - each time returning to the bottle with a vengeance.  I found our beloved SD at around this time and attended a handful of AA meetings.  (Nice folks!)..6) Phase 1 of recovery:  Horrible physical withdrawals thought I was losing my mind and that I would probably end up just drinking myself to death.  This lasted 7 to 10 days...7) Phase 2:  Brain fog like a San Francisco night that wouldn't end.  Emotions up down and all around.  Knew I needed some more help.  Got meds and a talk therapist.  ..8) Phase 3:  Starting somewhere in my second month until now - still having occasions of fear and loathing but they aren't nearly as fierce or frequent as they were.  ..9) Phase Next:  Realize that I cannot change everything about my life all at once.   Need to develop new interests and figure out what I'd like sober-me to be and do.  As an SD friend called it taking "baby steps" is where it's at for me right now.  ..And that my fine feathered friends is all she wrote (so far at least).  I could NOT have made it this far without this remarkable community.  I spend at least an hour reading/posting here.  I've appreciated and learned from your struggles and your courage in facing them... wait for it... one day at a time.  Wishing each and every one of you inner peace love strength happiness and last but most definitely not least sobriety for this day.  Thank you all!
----------immediate responses--------

#9...yes! Congratulations &amp; thank you for sharing your experience with us. Keep on keeping on! :)
Awesome. Sounds very similar to my journey. Let's both keep kicking ass one day at a time. 
Congratulations! Thank you for sharing what you've learned - great post!
Thankyou for writing this out this resonates with me. I'm having little lapses every couple of weeks and today is telling me I can moderate..I can't..I won't drink with you today.
Number 9 sweet baby jesus#9. So important both for you and others. We will leave many things behind in our sober journey but it's best to have a steady release that way when we drop things from our life they simply fall softly to the ground instead of shattering.
Congratulations! We are all here with you. You can do this.
Coming here has made me realize how similar our problems are and that I'm not alone. Thank you for sharing. 
Number 9! I am so excited for this new life and I want it ALL right now! I am currently working on patience and just enjoying the ride. Congratulations! 
Hey great timeline!..Awesome progress!
re:  #9 have you ever given tennis a try?  it's the most fun you'll ever have getting vigorous exercise most cities have leagues for all levels &amp; you can play your whole life!  around 90 days myself 11 lbs lighter &amp; playing best I have since early 20s.  wish I could say my teammates were asking why/how but they know...  :(/:)
