-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xzty1/thank_you_stopdrinking_i_made_it_through_my_first/

On the 7th of March 2016 I was shaking sweating and generally suffering. It was a Monday and I broke down at my place of work. I was 23 and I had finally arrived at my breaking point. I had issues with other substances as well but it was alcohol that had brought me to my knees. ..365 days later I can state with confidence that I have found peace I have found serenity and I have found a new wonderful way of life. I owe my life to SD and to AA and its program. Fellow drunks lifted me up when I couldn't stand on my own. ..Life still has its surprises for me and there are still struggles. However if I deal  with them with courage wisdom and serenity that sobriety brings I guess I can't mess up too badly...What a wonderful year it has been can't wait to see what's in store for me next!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. CONGRATULATIONS! what an achievement! You should be really proud! :-) 
Congratulations on a year!
How cow congratulations on a huge milestone.  Wishing you all the best in what the future holds for you. 
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!
Happy soberversary!
That is huge!..Congrats and you should be proud because that is an amazing accomplishment.
Hooray and congrats! Go YOU!
Well done!! Thanks for sharing you inspire me today! Congrats on your 1 year and I won't drink with you in celebration!
I hope to be where you are someday. Congrats!
congrats! 
"Fellow drinks lifted me up when I couldn't stand on my own" this brought tears to my eyes - so so true to me as well and I guess many more - this place really is quite magical. Well done on the year!!!
Bravo! 365! 
I find your **1 Year!** achievement particularly uplifting as it is rare here on SD to read of someone as young as yourself to have turned their life around so thoroughly and quite possibly saved it not merely improved it for awhile. ..Congratulations Young Hero keep up the Good Fight!
Awesome!
You really have made a difference for yourself!  I'm 32 and just now starting to take my sobriety seriously.  I wish I would have when I was 23.  Congratulations!
&gt;if I deal with them with courage wisdom and serenity..And THAT'S what it's all about!
Congratulations sober twin! Let's not drink together today!
Congratulations
Congratulations! Thanks for reminding me what I can look forward to. I will not drink with you today. 
What a difference a year makes! Congratulations! 
365 days! Congrats! I wish I was as wise as you are at 23. The important thing is we are here now. Have a great week!!
This is a big deal  - in many ways...
Wow! That is so great! Congratulations that at such a young age you were able to rise up!  I too will be celebrating 1 year soon but it took me a lot longer to 'get it!' But as they say it's never too late! Have a great second year! .
Way to go!  A great achievement.  Your feeling of peace comes through.  You are inspirational to those of us that follow.  I am still working through the methods you mentioned to achieve what you have.  
http://i.imgur.com/q5ocd8p.gifv
Congratulations!
Congratulations to you!!  I wish I had stopped at 23.  It took me nearly another 20 years to arrive at that decision.  May you continue to experience all of the beauty of sobriety for years to come!
You're an inspiration. Good job!!! And thank you for being a light in this world.
Congrats!
CONGRATSSSSS!
Sick! Congrats!!
Thank you all for your kind comments! This beautiful community has helped me throughout the year! It is getting late here in Europe so it looks like I received yet another wonderful day as a sober man. Good luck to you all it is worth it!
Wow! Amazing!! I knew I needed help at your age but didn't have the same strength and courage you do. There is so much life to be lived in your 20s and I'm incredibly jealous that you get to live and experience it all sober. ..Still grateful for everyday! Keep it up :)
Congratulations!
congratulations! that is big! 
Congratulations man. :)
Congrats on a YEAR! I'm so glad that you have found serenity and a new wonderful life. Thanks for sharing.
What an amazing achievement
You are an inspiration. GO YOU!
Congrats that is wonderful.
[removed]
Awesome congrats!
Congrats!
I won't drink with you today!
congrats!  that is so awesome:)
Congrats!!! And the important thing is. We won't drink with you today!..Cheers
Congrats on one year! That's a hell of an achievement. 
yay! Congrats!..Im still kinda floating from my 365 token this weekend! 
My near year has been anything but enlightening. Hoping my stars will align in 10 days so I can make a similar 365  post like yours...Congrats on your turn around! Keep it up friend!!
That's amazing. Keep strong. 
Way to go!
Thank you so much for this - I hope I can say the same thing one year from today.
I'm 24 and quit at 23 too! Congratulations on a year I'm very happy for you! 
