-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5y00c6/day_99_a_long_selfindulgent_rant/

I am feeling very emotional at the moment...And I am taking this out on the people around me (in my head anyway).  I am extremely resentful towards my husband for completely ignoring what I am struggling with.  ..He's still drinking heavily most days and he never mentions the work I am doing on myself.  He would have no idea that I am going to hit 100 days tomorrow (sometimes these milestones are all I have to hang on to it would be nice to have someone recognise that)....I know he wants to drink less and he struggles with that so I don't want to pressure him about it (I am very willing to talk about it if he wants to).  But it's difficult to not have his support or encouragement.  And it's frustrating to not be able to have any kind of coherent conversation with him when he's drunk or to realise every weekend that the commitments he made to help out with the housework are simply not going to happen because he's hungover....Tonight is 'date night' and we take it in turns to plan something to do (nothing too exciting usually just dinner and a film or just dinner).  It's his turn this week but he doesn't want to do anything even if I plan it. He doesn't seem to understand that it's important to me that we make time to spend together....I don't want to feel like I have to be driving this relationship all the time.  I am resentful and angry at him but then I know he is working extremely hard and his work gives me the opportunity to pursue my business so I feel like I just have to suck it up.  Our marriage has become a vague friendship some kind of partnership and not much else....It all makes me sad....Ugh so whiney!  I am extremely lucky I know that  I have a husband who supports me a lovely house an incredible community of support here and the opportunity to get up every day and work on improving myself.  I have no reason to complain....I wonder if perhaps I am sad because while I am doing good work on myself I have no opportunity to contribute anything positive to the lives of the people I love....My husband doesn't care....My friend / business partner is ever so kindly trying to extricate himself from me (I don't think I have been getting the message until now so I feel pretty stupid about that).  It's humiliating to realise that I thought he was my friend and business partner but I don't think he sees me as either thing....I am just feeling extremely lonely stupid and a little bit hopeless....Ugh I realise how shitty I am being right now so I think I'll sign off try to get some work done and pull myself together....Tomorrow is 100 days. I plan to be in a MUCH better mood when I check-in for that.
----------immediate responses--------

Having one person in a relationship get sober and the other one continuing to drink would put incredible stress on anyone. Though my husband was a heavy drinker (mostly thanks to hanging out with me!) He was willing to stop when I told him I needed an alcohol free house. Mind you I think (I know) he is a normie perhaps your husband is also an alcoholic? Do you have a therapist you can talk to or at least a close friend or family member? Loneliness can be a big trigger for me and it helps to have a sober community for support. Wishing you both the best.
Cookie do you realise that I spent around the first hour of my "working" day reading through lots of posts on here and ended up wondering where yours was?  Now you are finally here and I am now sad.  So very sad.  Down in the proverbial dumps.  For you.  You know why.  ..Here's the Westy plan of attack...I am going to make an extra special cup of tea tomorrow morning and possibly treat myself to a bit of cake to go with it and then I am going to consume ( with considerable relish I might add ) both of the aforementioned items in honour of your 100 days.  What an utterly bloody well amazingly fantastic achievement!!!  I am going to have a Westy party (only very very selected guests ) in your honour!  I shall tell my dogs to chase extra squirrels on their lunchtime walk.  I will play some Lou Reed songs very loudly ( this is the best party music that I could ever think of ) whilst nobody is in the house and may even do a little shuffle to the beat :-)..I've stopped waiting for Mrs Westyman to offer praise for my comparatively insignificant 65 days.  I might get the odd "he's not drinking because he has no off switch" kind of remark which I don't consider to be terribly helpful.  Instead I content myself with knowing that I am a better person I am happier being Mr Westyman and knowing that those around me are hopefully seeng an improvement.  I've learned not to expect anything from those who perhaps should be offering the most.  Life simply doesn't work that way.  I am happy receiving thanks for comments I make on here in reply to the posts of others.    ..So Cookie in the nicest possible way and very greatest of respect I say slap a smile on your face and let's party on down tomorrow!!..Apologies now if I have overstepped the mark.     .
Westy you've made me cry but in a good way.  Ruined my makeup but that's okay too...You know I don't drink tea but the idea of you cup and cake in hand dancing with your dogs in my honour is just so freaking sweet!..I know I'm wallowing a bit today but it's so incredibly thoughtful of you to take time out of your day to be so nice to me I'm overwhelmed. Thank you so much...And I will celebrate every day with you.  Every single day of sobriety deserves acknowledgement and high-fives all round.
Cookie as Mr Westyman stated so wonderfully I too am saddened by your sadness. I have faith in you Cookie that the answers will come. You eloquently described what your feeling/going through. That I believe is the first step. Just getting out so honestly opens the door for the answers. Mr Westyman isn't touchable but he has a connection to you. Sometimes we must look at the beautiful spirits that enter our lives. I believe that's happening for you Cookie. We are real here. We are real humans continue to use our spirits and know you are loved and encouraged by us. We are all so very proud of you!!! You inspire us. Maybe one day we can all meet in the physical world but for now just know....We love you! We say yippy on 99 days. Tomorrow we celebrate. .        
"I wonder if perhaps I am sad because while I am doing good work on myself I have no opportunity to contribute anything positive to the lives of the people I love.".Can I tell you what you've done for me over my past 64 days? Your posts your encouragements....those have contributed immeasurably to this community and you've lifted us all up. Don't ever doubt that. It may not feel as positive right in front of you but this whole community is eternally grateful for what you bring to it........
Yours is the first post I look for here every day. ..My wife still drinks (not often but when she does she drinks a lot) - and then I get "you've done the right thing" followed by "you must think I'm an arsehole" and "it must be really boring" - which are generally my cues to go to bed. ..It's tough but I make a lot of effort to spend sober time with her now (which sounds like it's much easier than in your situation). But I screw that up because I've also thrown myself into work since stopping (I too am self employed). ..I've been looking forward to your 100 days - I'll celebrate with you (Le Tessiere raspberry and cranberry with soda for me). 
My post will probably get buried with all the posts but I am so on the Cookie train. You are such a cool person. I have been a fan since I read the first post I saw of yours. My wife was my main drinking buddy and it made it very difficult when I quit for 10 months last year. And I got dragged back. I only blame myself but once again I quit but my wife decided she needed to go to rehab 1200 miles away for 50 days to get a hold of it. We are on different paths to sobriety but with a common goal. You should be proud of yourself you are setting an example for others and even those IRL. I see great things for you. I think from the little I know about you that you are a special person that has tons to offer the world. We are all here for each other because we also have a common goal. 
Hey kiddo.   That's a righteous case of the blues you got going today.  For what it's worth I for one love your regular postings.  They show me what real struggle and growth look like.  There are lots of celebratory postings here and a good many from folks in crisis.  What your consistent postings have shown me is that things can and will go up and down (on a sometimes daily basis).  So I and many others here will know that your 100 is HUGE!  We all remember how in our early days that number seemed unimaginable.  Well not only did you dare to imagine it YOU made it real.  So here's to you and your very inspirational journey.
I have a friend struggling with this exact situation and i don't know what advice to give her. I know she feels like you though and i completely get it. It's hard not to feel hurt or resentful and the guilt is a nice cherry on top! I've got nothing helpful to say but we're all listening and here for you! Congrats on 100 days! I'm drinking tea and eating porridge i don't know if that's as fun as u/Westyman63's celebration but I'm now doing it in your honour!   
