-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5y33h7/how_do_i_reverse_this_car_out_of_here/

I feel like I'm stuck in a dead-end with my kids. One is 14 the other is 18 in community college. They are both not good students. Not terrible they're quite smart but they consistently get Cs and get frustrated and angry. They care. They do homework. But they don't do enough and I don't get it. I got As in high school for never showing up and drank my way through 4 years of college and got a degree. I can not relate. Now my oldest wants to drop out (without a job of course) and the youngest's teacher wants him to repeat Algebra next year. Yeah school gets harder each generation but it's Algebra how much did it change?..Did I cause this? Did they get away with doing crappy in school because I was drinking? And now they can't do better? What bad habits did I teach them? How do I reverse this trajectory? Or do I just accept that these brilliant kids both of them are not going to be college material and I'll never know why and blame myself?..I finally emailed my son's teacher back and said I don't know what the hell to do anymore. I feel like the crappiest Mom. Obviously I'm skipping a lot of the story so it probably sounds disjointed. Meanwhile they have a lot of cousins their age going to college on full scholarships or at least some scholarships touring colleges in different towns etc. I don't get what the difference is between my kids and their cousins. Same school system. Even when I was drinking I kept on top of their schoolwork and emailed their teachers. ..I'm so tired of struggling with this and just want to be a normal person who can go home and say today sucked I want a drink. I can't figure out how to fix this. I had like 15 years to raise my kids right and I screwed it up drinking. I always say it's never too late but right now I feel like it is...And here's hoping I reread this in a few hours and decide it's self-indulgent and over the top! Not drinking today. I'm not going to do it.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man. I don't have much advice as my only kid is just in kindergarten. I'm so nervous about how much more stressful school is going to get from now on. Try not to beat yourself up too much (easier said than done I know). Saying parenting is hard is quite the understatement... it's a rollercoaster! ..I have nephews who are just a bit older than your kids. The oldest hated school... he's a smart kid and was never in trouble he just wasn't a good student. He graduated and took a job as a plumbing apprentice for the same company my husband works for. My husband saw how he struggled in school and knew he enjoyed problem solving and working with his hands so he advised him to try his hand in plumbing. He's now on course to have enough hours to test for his plumbing license by the time he's 21. ..College isn't for everybody and the trades are important jobs that pay well and have stability. Could he look into something like that? Even if he decided trade work isn't what he'd want to do long term it'd provide a paycheck now and he'd learn valuable skills that will come in handy down the line. Just a thought feel free to ignore me. ;) ..And even "perfect" parents struggle with their kids. You're trying your best now and know that a sober you is a better you! I won't drink with you! 
Hi I don't know much but I can tell you how it feels to be on the other side of things. I am 20 yo I am my mothers only daughter. I started at community college but I just felt all sorts of pressure from everyone. I saw my friends going to state schools doing great I had the pressure from my mom(never drank a day in her life graduated and has a degree in chemical engineering) and I still couldn't get it together. I lost my grant so I only went to community college for a whole year. Stopped when I was 19 and of course the fact that I was drinking sort of stunted my academic growth. College isn't for everyone but also not everyone gets it right away. I am going back to school this year and I feel like I'm going to be way behind but I'm way more inspired this time around. Maybe your oldest sees her cousins doing all sorts of things getting scholarships going to good schools and feeling a bit overwhelmed. I know my mom was extremely worried about me and my education I could tell just by looking at her. I know it must be frustrating as a mother I imagine but just have some faith I have a feeling it's gonna be alright. 
I just want to say kids have their own unique personalities characteristics separate from their parents. I have a 13 year old that for the longest just believed Id fucked him up as a baby. I was partying and going out. It took me 12 years to get my act together. I had two more children after him. Same issues mostly he's got personal issues with self-motivation. My other two children are like shining Angels. (I'm exaggerating to make a point). All three children had a similar environment. You just got two hard headed ones in a row. I would keep working with them but know it is not always a personal reflection of you. Perhaps find a project you can all start together so you can show them a further example of persevering and trying at something. Maybe you can inspire them by turning things around and they can see it's never to late to jump back on track. Good luck &lt;3
I've never met a Mechanic an Electrician or a truck driver that couldn't find work. Not everyone is college material and honestly I know a lot of people in the trades that make more money deal with less corporate bs and are happier than most college grads I know. I have a 2 year mechanical engineering degree it took me 5 years of night school to get it and I'm working as a handyman because it pays better I have more freedom and I just can't find a good job that pays for a ME in my area. .So maybe they aren't college material accepting that now will save a fortune. Look at some real alternatives and training. Honestly I wish I was a mechanic or an electrician. 
