-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5y3fs0/sixty_six_days_and_counting_choosing_to_get_in/

getting through to day sixty was a challenge particularly that second month.  ..but i've been feeling a remarkable lightness lately. my boundaries have become a lot stronger. i've been able to communicate much more clearly. i'm able to share and feel joy on behalf of those i love and myself in a much more...unadulterated true way. it feels like my life before was so muted and the vibrancy is slowing turned up every single sober day...some of my relationships are changing. ..in good ways: potential new friends new social connections renewed respect and intimacy within my healthy friendships an ability to engage in those healthy friendships in an extremely positive and other-oriented way new professional contacts and the capacity to show up for myself. .....and in some bad ways: my friends who are clearly also alcoholics are on their way out. i was texting with one of them this morning and when he asked me how i was i said "good! chugging along." his response? "what kind of chugging?" i knew he was referring to drinking. this is also a person who has called me drunk and left me nasty voicemails etc. ..this particular friend seems to struggle with getting out of his own head--whenever something good is happening in my life something i'm excited about he gets outwardly jealous and makes passive aggressive jabs about it. lots of "jokes" that aren't jokes--they're just mean. ..the more boundaries i establish and the more honestly i speak about my feelings the more he disappears (same with another alcoholic friend/former lover) and i don't feel bad about it. i don't feel bad about losing people under these circumstances. is it sad? sure. but those are their choices not mine. ..when he texted me that this morning i couldn't stop thinking of that clich  MISERY LOVES COMPANY. and i thought you know not all of us have resigned ourselves to going down on the SS Misery and that needs to be okay. i've chosen to crawl to the lifeboat and row myself back to the shore. ..i'm not all the way there yet and there are still choppy waters ahead but i can see land. i'm not going to stop now. i can't save them and i can't let myself go down with them. i can wave to them and shout that the solid ground feels fine and i hope they'll eventually join me. and i don't care if anyone is mad at me for doing better than letting myself slowly die on a tragic shipwreck. not anymore. ..it's a choice every day. it's a choice that isn't easy. fuck *easy*. i am going to get my feet on that sandy beach even if i have to go it alone. period...
----------immediate responses--------

#RTB
I think I know the captain of the SS Misery... I stopped dating him... I prefer dry land to drowning these days... :)
&gt; it feels like my life before was so muted and the vibrancy is slowing turned up every single sober day...That is a really big thing that I'm looking for in my sobriety. I'm on day 25 now and I've been getting a bit frustrated feeling like I'm only very very slightly closer to that than I was 25 days ago. It really cheers me and gives me renewed strength to hear that this happens more so in the second month than the first. I shall fight on to see if I can get there too...&gt; an ability to engage in those healthy friendships in an extremely positive and other-oriented way...and the capacity to show up for myself...That's totally what I want. :-)
I had this potential love interest who actually encouraged me to keep drinking! Oh yeah he is obsessed with craft beer so I guess that's why. Definitely not the guy for me.
