-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ydwz5/stuck_in_a_sitcom/

I'm at 78 days now. The longest I've been sober since childhood. I'm not going to lie the honeymoon phase is wearing off. Cold hard reality is hitting me. I'm fully realizing just how deep of a hole I dug myself into: one that will take me years to reverse. ..I have become a total loner. I tried AA to stay social and find accountability but it made me incredibly anxious. I feel awkward talking to other alcoholics as if I'm forcing myself to seem genuine. And sharing in front of all the attentive faces is nothing short of terrifying. I would leave feeling frustrated and with the paranoid idea that everyone thinks I'm a rude anti-social weirdo...My friends are pretty shocked that I left the party scene. I missed it at first hearing story after story of their nightly debauchery. I felt left out and utterly alone. But then I began to notice  the pattern of their lives. Every night they go out get drunk coked out etc. Wake up hungover and go to work then repeat. Nothing changes. Its like their lives reset after the night ends. My life used to be like that too years of the same thing over and over drink drink drink hangover hangover hangover work work work repeat. But no big moments no anniversaries no promotions no breakthroughs. Life was like a sitcom where the cast and setting are all the same. No continuation. Any episode can stand alone. Just a mechanism of comfort with the cost of no development. ..A friend of mine has accused me of losing interest in our friendship. She often expresses to me that she's unhappy with her life and that she doesn't know what to do and this and that about how her relationships always fall apart. I told her to stop drinking and that "if you want your life to change you have to make changes" not sure who said that first seems cheesy but it's very true if you take it seriously. She played my answer off defensively by saying that her drinking isn't the problem..Bruh.... IT IS. But she'll have to learn the hard way like we all do. By crashing and burning until she can't take it anymore...I forgot where I was going with this. I guess that the road of sobriety is twisty and full of unpleasant realizations. I'm kind of bummed out right now. But I'm glad as fuck to be sober. Just remember when you're feeling down and this all seems pointless: at least you're free to change. ..To all of those in this struggle I'm rooting for you. Better days are ahead. ......
----------immediate responses--------

I am feeling down.  I'll remember your words.  I am free to change now...Thanks.
Hey I've really struggled with AA too. Went to about 15 different meetings and only found one where I felt comfortable--very small worked better for me it turned out. But i still don't feel like it's the warm bath of homecoming others find it and like you I feel like that's kind of about my own anxieties. People are nice I just feel weird. Anyway I've been slowly moving toward people who even if they aren't sober aren't partiers and are willing to do other things than go to the pub. It feels slower than I want it to but I won't drink with you today. 
Glad you're here.  Every path is different...As mentioned by u/cymbelinee  I went to several groups until I "found my tribe" (actually have two of them).  ..The fellowship the support the connection with others is an essential component of my healthy living and my Sober Living...Look forward to hearing more about your journey!
great post - and as someone who's dealt with anxiety at times really debilitating anxiety i get the whole social thing. ..it is a bit surreal sobriety that is. sometimes for me it's like being on the outside looking in watching realizing wishing i had a magic wand so that my friends and family were able to see what i see or understand what i now understand. don't get me wrong i'd much rather be sitting at this vantage point - not above anyone just... at a different angle... so to speak. i sometimes wish i could save them the anguish that alcohol brings and make it crystal clear just how efficient it is at blinding us to that fact - but as you said sometimes people need to learn the hard way. i certainly did. ..anyway - i will not be drinking with you today! cheers. (coffee)
The other reason my life was like a sitcom is because I didn't choose the cast.  I started drinking at 15 and from then on it's how I 'made friends'.  I'd start drinking near a person and if they would talk to me the next time we saw each other we were 'friends'.  ..I thought 'nothing was changing' but for me the truth was it was getting worse at a glacial pace.  All of my memories were the same but more dull; I was still married but it was worse; my friendships drifted with age and our 'co-drunking' got more desperate.  ..After a year my contact with my former co-drunks is more sporadic and some of those relationships just went down in flames.  But since I started to make some improvements I can see theirs continue to roll down hill.  Some marriages are utterly strained.  Some of them have less to do with their kids -- can't volunteer because they're too hungover 'family outings' always seem to have liquor licenses.  What few 'hobbies' we shared sports playing 'old man huff and puff games' like volleyball softball etc. have now almost completely gone by the wayside.  My age group's kids are still in elementary school but are about to go up to middle school -- how long until the kids can see it for what it is?..Getting away from that cycle doesn't make me any better it just means I'm not sliding slowly downhill with them.  I cheated at life; I never learned how to socialize when I should have.  Now I have to do it.  Meetings are one way but there are others.  Volunteering athletic groups book clubs etc.  But just like every other non-drinking adult in the world I have to put in the work.  I have social anxiety I've learned so does everyone to some extent.  Yes rejection is painful.  Yes having it in front of me is scary.  But either way all of this stuff is completely within my control.  Still I have to be the one who controls it.
I too experienced that let down period starting at about 2 months sober and still going on.  ..&gt;"if you want your life to change you have to make changes"..So I thought not-drinking was all the change I needed.  Hah!  It's just the first (crucial) step.  Now I'm faced with the who-am-I how-do-I-want-to-live-my-life kinds of questions.  Sounds like you may be in a very similar place.  I'm giving myself the rest of this year to figure it out - making small changes along the way - baby steps if you will...Root-a-tooting for you too H!
I can really relate to this post. Thanks for sharing. ..I also am a loner slowly getting to a point where I'm not constantly overcome by anxiety - at one point it was so bad I wouldn't even leave the house to walk to the mailbox at the end of the driveway. ..I've also felt like my life was on repeat mode - like the movie Groundhog Day - and now that I'm finally coming out of the loop it's a real slap in the face to realize how many years I have wasted. 
I am rooting for you too. 
I've been to several smart meetings.   That might be more your style.  I just have a feeling that aa isn't a good fit for me.  ..Congrats on being sober.  I've kind of moved on from my social group and my family to some extent.   My bff sent me a pretty sarcastic and offensive text about how i never hang out with him anymore.  It's the same shit...Wake up.  Go to work.  Get drunk.  Get high.  Every. Single. Day..
