-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yepha/the_reason_we_all_need_to_exercise_selfcompassion/

What I'm about to say is not to take away from anyone's struggle with addiction to other drugs besides alcohol because I know how horrendously hard and awful that is to quit.  However take a moment to congratulate yourself for being here -- quitting the first time the third time or the thousandth?  Quitting alcohol is hard!  It is hard because it is always in your face unlike say heroin.  You can't even go to a grocery store and buy food to live off of without seeing it.  I'm sure a lot of your friends and family still drink if not all.  The fact that anyone can quit who has an actual addiction problem when this is the truth is pretty badass in my opinion.  Don't beat yourself up.  You are strong!  
----------immediate responses--------

We are indeed!!
I never noticed how frequently alcohol is used in tv movies books adverts and social interactions just to name a few until I decided to quit. 
I've heard the expression here that alcohol is the only drug you have to justify not using.  When I see people saying things like 'only' 3 days I wince a little... that 3 days can be a harder thing than some people will have to deal with in their entire lives.  Everyone no matter how much they drank how much they are struggling what their lives are like deserves the utmost credit for being here.  And anyone who feels bad for having to reset or reset multiple times should instead feel great about being strong and never giving up.
Thank you guys. I'm almost in tears because I've been back and forth so many times. 
Yes!  Well said!  I dont look at all of my past failures as failures though.  I look at them as learning experiences because each one had its own mechanism that caused me to drink again and if I take the time to reflect on it and be honest with myself I can grow as a person.  A little compassion and self love go a long way!
Started watching "The Ranch" on Netflix...They drink in just about every scene...Pretty good show but it's like all they do is drink and sulk about one thing or another. 
THANK YOU! Ya made me smile! I'm in full detox hell right now and you made me feel so much better. I've never done this alone it's always been in rehab. This is on another level. On The difficult scale it is definitely 11. 
Thanks for this!!
Was talking to a good friend who happens to be a recovering heroin addict. We were trying to understand each others addiction. At one point in the conversation we were talking about triggers. I said "imagine when you drive to work everyday you pass five to six shops that sold heroin over the counter." "Sweet baby Jesus!" was his reply. (in no way am I trying to diminish heroin addiction I just wish my drug of choice wasn't so openly available.) 
Something that has really helped me is having the ability to order groceries from places (Walmart and Kroger locally). Then I just drive to the store pull in one of the designated spots and someone comes out and loads my groceries for me. It's a blessing for sure!
What a beautiful thing you have written /u/bijoux1985 :))! ..I love and respect all SD warriors on this site but the resetters the it's my 3rd 4th 50th time folks are my heroes. I tried to get sober years ago failed and it took me 10 years to make my way to this site. I pray every day that if I fail in my sobriety I will have the strength to come back here right away!
Rather the same thing last night and they were trying to understand each others addiction.
Thanks for the words of wisdom! Keep fighting the fight!!
I read this as "The reason we all need exercise and self compassion."..I thought true.  Still thought true after reading the post...Though don't knock those smack quitters too much (I know you weren't) it's just a different form of alcohol and pharmaceutical smack is pretty much everywhere.
While I'm only a couple days in I needed this reminder still. I'm struggling with comparisons like is my problem really all that bad or is it a me thing? Anyways thank you have a good day!
We are all brainwashed.  So many TV shows romanticise drinking from stag parties wild west bars cocktails in the city to business men drinking very expensive whisky after a business deal.  We are brainwashed into believing if we don't drink we are missing out and worse we are boring misfits.
I get what you're saying but if you do a particular drug you can suddenly see it everywhere.  Kind of a Baader-Meinhof effect
Thank you I needed to read this today. 
Beating myself up is a huuuge reason why I started drinking heavily. I need to be more forgiving of myself. 
Yeah. Nice post thank you.
thank you
