-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yg0cv/hi_everyone_its_my_first_day_sober_may_i_share_my/

Hello everyone..First off I'd like to apologise if this ends up as a big wall of text. I will try to be succinct but sometimes it is hard when you are expressing something as personal as this...As the title states this is my first day sober but this isn't my first attempt at sobriety. I am a 30 years old male and if I am brutally honest I have probably been an alcoholic for about 10 years. My problem isn't so much I am a blackout drunk in fact I rarely blackout but I have been steadily drinking heavily for those 10 years...There has been no "rock-bottom" moment for me but as I have thought back on the last ten years I cringe and become anxious at how much damage I have done to my health and how many opportunities I have likely squandered. I'm overweight so I struggle doing anything strenuous and my mental health is about as good as you'd expect for someone who has spent the last decade imbibing poison...So here I now am at what feels like my 5th serious attempt at quitting. I am armed with the knowledge of where I have slipped up in the past and I hope that can inform me so this time I can stay sober indefinitely. In my favour until two years ago I was a heavy smoker. I have kicked that habit and I know how great it feels (which is to say nothing for the extra money in my account) so I am thinking that I can feel the same way about being a non-drinker in the future...That is pretty much my story but as the title suggests I would also like some advice. I know some of the questions I ask here can be answered elsewhere but perhaps I like the idea of an actual person sharing their own experience rather than just reading a clinically written F.A.Q. page on a website dedicated to addressing alcoholism...So my questions:..I live with 2 people who drink. They don't drink heavily but they do drink daily. They rarely try to entice me when they know I am trying to give up but I still worry that could be a trigger...What are some good replacement foods or drinks when one might be feeling tempted? When I quit smoking I must admit I indulged in a bit of junk food but I reasoned that a bag of potato chips to satisfy the hand-to-mouth fixation was a lot better than noxious cigarette smoke...I worry that a lot of things I used to enjoy when drunk (music films conversation *(when I was making sense or could make sense of the other person)* gambling etc. will no longer interest me is this true? If it is what strategies can I use to avoid this thinking?...I think that is it for now. If you made it this far I really appreciate it. I look forward to reading everyone's replies and I think you might just see me hanging around check-in...:)
----------immediate responses--------

i don't have any replacements for food or drinks but in my experience i need to replace the time i spent drinking.  meetings of alcoholics anonymous helped me considerably in the beginning and still help me now.  for one hour i'm with others who are like me.  i get to listen and identify with their stories and here recovery related experience.  i need real life connection with others in recovery to be successful.  
Hey Buddy! ..I'm 30 too. I like to drink party gamble. rage pound junk food. I don't remember much of it. I think that's the crux of it. We do such things to flood the brain with dopamine release. It's artificial. ..I got a solid 60 days of not drinking and healthy living. I remember almost all of it. My brain started wanting real dopamine release. Running became an addiction. Healthy eating became a release. Protein shakes made me happy for an hour or so. ..Then the long term health started to happen. Weight started to fall off. My face started to look bright and healthy. Those things made my brain happy. My body started to look better. Now I'm starting to experience real happiness...Give it a little time. A few weeks and you'll notice the changes. 7 weeks and you'll have built positive habits...You'll get there man. It's going to be awesome :)
We're in pretty similar situations. A big replacement drink for me has been seltzer water + a little juice. I guess it depends on what your go-to drink was but mine was liquor (gin) with usually a splash of soda or ginger ale or something. Seltzer and cranberry is my go to. . .I'm a big music person (both listening and playing) so I've been using that to occupy my time and in all honest being able to approach playing writing and listening to music with a clear head has been a huge improvement not a detriment. On the other hand some of the stuff I would watch (TV shows movies) when I was hammered are no longer enjoyable to me. Mostly just the dumbed down comedy that now just seems stupid to me a lot of the time. . .Anyway I don't know if you have any hobbies but now would be as good a time as any to pick one up. Add some exercise to your routine even if it's just 20 minutes a day or something. Read a new book. Go do something for someone else in your community. . .As for the roommates yeah having alcohol around is definitely going to be a trigger for a lot of people. Maybe approach your room mates and tell them to disallow you from having any of their booze since you're trying to quit and just make sure you don't buy your own. Obviously it's going to be tough but just take it one day at a time. I like to come here and just browse if I need to bolster my resolve. It's probably not as good as meetings but that's not really my thing. 
&gt;What are some good replacement foods or drinks when one might be feeling tempted?..Flavored club soda is my go-to drink at home (La Croix).  If I find myself out in a restaurant I order club soda with lots of limes on the side.  Very refreshing...For cravings - Cherry Garcia ice cream Pepperidge Farm Cookies.  I only needed them for a day or two here or there.  Also - OJ with vanilla ice cream is very good...&gt;If it is what strategies can I use to avoid this thinking?..When I started my sobriety I drew inward working just to keep myself balanced throughout a day without a lot of external factors.  I made sure I ate well slept showered and exercised - not much more than that.  I'm just starting to branch out in small ways now.  I'm open to whatever old or new interests may arise - but I'm not pushing anything too hard.  I'm just starting to feel steady about not-drinking.  Now all I have to do is figure out who the hell I am and the meaning of life love and the universe.  That's all!  lol
Some things which have helped me not sweat the last 35 days..- reading.  a great way to kill time get sleepy before bed and do something that was probably difficult to do in the old days.- thinking about my rock bottom - you thankfully didn't have one - but keep in mind a few "choice" memories of times you really regretted drinking too much.  Bad hangovers missed opportunities embarassments.  Keep them at arm's length at all times and call upon them whenever tempted.- AA meetings.  Another great time killer except it's soothing and is all people who have something in common with you.  I'm an atheist who hates rules and it's still effective.
Exercise is crucial for me. In early days I recommend walking outside if you can. Doesn't have to be speed walking I strolled around and listened to podcasts music talked on the phone etc. ..I eat ice cream pretty frequently and on really hard days I will eat peanut m&amp;ms in bed. ..I check in and read here everyday. This sub is my companion in sobriety. ..One of the pieces of advice that has really helped me is to tell myself when I have cravings just get to bed sober tonight if you are going to drink you can do it tomorrow. Getting my head on the pillow sober on a given day feels like a goal I can handle mostly. ..I can say it's been hard at times but also way more rewarding than I expected. I don't plan on going back to booze ever. ..
When I quit drinking I stocked up on sparkling water and diverted my urges over to drinking that. I tried eating healthily and well...I discovered that interests I *sort of* enjoyed whilst drunk I appreciated so much better when sober - I became a much better gamer because I could pay attention and had better reflexes I became far more enthusiastic about going for walks I rekindled my love for reading I got to watch and remember films and shows right through to the end! I lost interest in some things - such as hanging out with drunk people etc...I live with someone who drinks (my spouse) - they did try offering me drinks "to be polite" early on but over time learned that I wanted them not to do that that it was attempted sabotage of what I was trying to achieve. Having alcohol in the home was very nearly too much for me I nearly caved on a couple of occasions and only just managed to delay enough for the madness to pass. It helped me to visualise alcohol "his" not "mine" - "mine" is the sparkling water.
I still need to quit smoking so serious congrats to you for cutting the habit! I'll get there one day. .I also live with two room mates one of which I'm pretty close with and the two of us would go out to our neighborhood bar frequently. It's difficult sometimes because I miss that camaraderie but I have managed to go out with him and just drink soda and cranberry juice while we're hanging out. Having done that I feel a lot more confidence that I can go to a bar in the future and drink non alcoholic drinks and still be able to socialize. .Some things that have helped me these first two weeks: .1. Go easy on yourself -- if I want to lay around and binge watch Netflix while eating a bag of m&amp;ms then fine it's hard enough to get used to long term sobriety this first month I'm pampering myself however I see fit. .2. Reading The Naked Mind helped a lot. It sounds silly but I honestly didn't realize exactly how bad alcohol actually is for you. I see it more as poison/gasoline now rather than anything I actually want in my body...cigarettes however...  .3. Cleaning -- if my bedroom is nice and neat and I have clean sheets and comfy pajamas I'm way more motivated to want to get home after work and snuggle up as opposed to going out to the bar. (I'm a server so I work nights) .4. Vitamins/exercise -- so while I'm all for pampering myself and eating bad things I do feel better emotionally if I get some gym time in here and there. I'm not going super strong just twenty minutes on the bike and some light weights enough to get heart rate up and sweat it out. And vitamins because I have no idea how much my body probably needs to heal itself after so many years of ingesting toxins. .And one more thing I've been making a Pinterest of all the stuff I want to save up and buy from money I haven't spent on booze that's pretty motivating right there! .You can do it!! I won't drink with you today
