-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yi5lv/just_an_observation/

I find this sub so encouraging. Thank you. .Have you noticed though that even people deep into recovery seem to attribute all the bad things that happen to them to the fact that they used to abuse alcohol? Depression? Used to abuse. Headache? Used to abuse. Stomach ache? Used to abuse. But even those who have never struggled with alcohol get these things! Perhaps we do this to keep us from going back (whatever works!)?
----------immediate responses--------

Not only am I recovering from alcoholism but opiate addiction too so here's my insight on this!..Anyway when I was high on heroin or any opiate everything was a lot of fun to do and bearable. Now that I don't use those anymore everything is a drag and not fun. Sex isn't even fun anymore neither are things I used to love. So that drove me to be depressed for a long time. ..I'm out of that now from a lot of therapy but that's my .02 on this :) stay strong!
I think they mean to say alcohol abuse compounded the problem
It's true. I think it's partly accurate: my drinking certainly negatively influenced my health and life to a HUGE degree. And at the same time I realized that many people in daily life suffer from headaches gut pain etc...all because we live such busy lives and many of us are shit at taking care of ourselves...That being said we all make a lot of misattributions. I think that my headache today was caused by X but like how the fuck do I know that? ..I think I need to believe that my actions have some bearing on my physiology. I think I need to believe that I have some amount of control/influence into how I feel. But who knows? ..
Bipolar depression and associated nasty headaches here. I've struggled with this logic for a long time. Lately I've come to the conclusion - even if it's not a cause alcohol will never be a permanent solution for these problems. And it's probably preventing me from finding solutions...Maybe these people have been able to make other changes in their lives as a result of quitting. I think there is something to that. (At least I hope there is...)
 Echoing the comment about how alcohol compounded everything. ..Also I think the general feeling of dealing with things sober vs. dealing with things while drinking is very different. Even if things are serious or hard they're actually *manageable*. The whole world is more vibrant but problems are less overwhelming--because just being alive day to day doesn't feel like an emotional rollercoaster because part of staying sober requires doing personal work that builds capacity and fortitude and because alcohol (and associated short term pleasure and ultimate self destruction) is no longer the primary priority. So are all problems solved by sobriety? Of course not. But problems are more *manageable* and in comparison it's hard not to see that before/after as a very stark difference. 
I think that it's the direction of progression that makes people feel so much better about recovery. I still have huge character flaws as a sober person but I'm moving in the right direction in terms of addressing them. And that's immensely more satisfying than wallowing in pity and self defeat as a drunk 
