-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yom2q/failed_and_i_know_why_which_scares_me_venting/

need to reset my badge after failing again. i know why i failed and this is what scares me as its something im going to have to face again and again...i feel like i have a huge amount of will power up to a point. like stress levels 95% and im fine - but when i tip over the top of this i feel like i cant cope with not being able to destress for a few hours before i start the stress again...my story is one of being stuck between a rock and a hard place. we adopted a wee boy 3 years ago and since then our lifes have been turned upside down. we have been parents before so thought we would be prepared for the regular parenting stuff as we were good at it... we have a well adjusted 19 yo. but my new son has been through a year of neglect 5 moves from foster home to foster home and a failed adoption before he came to us a 5 yo. hes been through so much he has many many issues relating to severe trauma attachment issues adhd etc. we have lots of professional help and we KNOW that this stuff isnt his fault - he lives in constant "survival" mode with many of his coping mechanisms not physically developed in his brain...anyway yesterday as an example he only managed 40 mins in school before we were called around to him freaking out throwing things. we take him home and finally settle him using therapeutic parenting techniques. i need to make a call outside in my home office in the garden in the 30 mins im out i get a message from my wife to come in. she is taking a panic attack and he is trashing the house and freaking out. after calming him down out of "fight or flight" he is crying hard saying he doesnt want to be alive. he had also taken a knife and held it to his throat. a full afternoon of trying to calm him down and also trying to make sure i do some work ( since me and my wife needed to leave our jobs to help him ). my wife not coping my struggling him not coping - and its noones fault. ..we have a psychologist and clinical psychiatrist who are saying we are doing a great job but his new meds arent working at all. All the professionals are aware of all of the above information...i just find this really difficult because this can happen any time any day and takes every bit of mental energy i have to cope with. i really hope things start to improve...i can do better i will do better. but going through this feels like my heart is being ripped out again and again i love him so much and will NEVER fail him - but i often fail myself...
----------immediate responses--------

Tears in my eyes for your situation and your big brave heart! What you and your wife are doing for your son and the world is beyond what words can express. Thank you for doing it! I work with foster youth as a CASA and the heartbreak and stress of it can be all-consuming so I can only guess at the levels you are trying to cope with. It sounds completely off-the-charts brutal. Sending strength and compassion and absolutely not drinking with you today. 
This sounds incredibly difficult and you guys have fantastic big hearts to take on something like this. That little boy will thank you when he is older. I would just try to remember that there is no bad situation that alcohol can't make worse...Finding a different way to de-stress was important to me (mind you I never had anything like this level of stress) can you guys take turns making sure the other has time and space to do something to decompress? Exercise is a big one for a lot of us as it gets natural endorphins flowing. Best wishes!
Dear friends of mine are in a similar situation.  Folks who undertake caring for emotionally wounded children are the true heroes of our day.  I cannot begin to imagine the stresses you all face I can only wish you well on your journey.  Godspeed.
You have the best reason I can think of to be sober. 
Dust your self off and don't beat yourself up.  Never stop quitting and just don't drink today.
So so sad for your son.  I send you so many blessings for holding him well.  I can't imagine having the resourcefulness to deal with a child not to mention one who's living with so much past trauma if I was drinking.  May you hold strong for both of you (and the rest of your family).
I feel for you and can somewhat relate minus the flight or fight. My daughter is 6 years old and she can't walk or talk and is wheelchair bound. I have to feed her change her and get her on the bus. This will never change. But God would not have given us this child if we couldn't handle it. Hang in there. Your doing great. Many would have given up by now. You are not a failure your doing your best and that's all you can do.
