-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ysmhh/who_here_is_not_in_a_recovery_program_and_is/

Just curious  I haven't drank in 7+ years and I am not currently in AA but I did go for a year around year 5 and work through the steps. Attempted to sponser one guy but he wasn't ready. But I don't go to any recovery meetings anywhere now and haven't for 3 years. I am great when I am healthy but noticed lately as I am trying to undertake an ambitious art project and exercise my entrepreneurial skills with almost no outside structure except what I make for myself ....I struggle at times ...with depression and sometimes get into bindging on sugary foods or the Internet or porn. It's been adding up the amount of time I have been bouncing back and fourth in and out of these slumps....and I keep telling myself I am going to learn eventually and work out the kinks with time. Currently on one of those bounce backs and hoping to make it a permanent thing by not getting into unhealthy self indulgent behavior. But how it goes  is I start to feel better start working out putting myself to a decent work schedule  start feeling better and confident and then a craving for some sugar or porn will come up and at first it's just innocent but turns into a downward spiral that leads to no control and feel super bad. ..So I guess I am assuming people in AA will call me out as a typical DRy  but I am wondering if there is still hope and what success stories are out there for alternative or self sobriety . I just want to be healthy and be able to have whatever philosophical views I like and believe in  and when they aren't what AA aligns with it's just not a good fit. I felt forced to be there  and it doesn't feel like freedom for me. But my current dysfunction brings me here so 
----------immediate responses--------

Let me know if you figure out the porn thing.  My sexual addiction is worse than my alcohol...Once I get a thought in my head that it would be a good idea to watch some porn I'm watching it for hours.  Eventually it leads me to escorts or Asian massage parlors for a happy ending.  ..I made it about 5 days last week.  Monday ended up with two open sessions and then Tuesday I was in a massage parlor.  ..I've been trying to use my AA work to relieve that obsession but have no idea how.  Working the steps has relieved my desire to drink it has not relieved my desire to watch porn.  It's not like I can just "choose" what obsessions I'm relieved of.  ..I've been trying to just reach out to AA buddies or do some AA reading when I get that obsession going.  Last night I couldn't fall asleep thought some porn would help and then spent 20 - 30 minutes fighting with myself about it.  Then I decided to try some meditation.  When I opened my app it told me that the sleeping exercise is free this month.  So that worker out well I did the exercise and I fell asleep without the porn.  
Can't help you with the porn but I relate to your description of slumps and depression and self-indulgence. I don't have the answers as I still struggle myself but one thing I am trying to do is change my thinking on what defines self-care. Much like changing my thinking on alcohol with "This Naked Mind." I used to think wine was self-care. "It's been a crappy day a glass or two of wine is just what I need." I had to change that mindset and fully believe that wine was actually destructive for me and that the greatest self-care was not drinking it........So now I'm applying that to other areas. Like exercise. It's slowly becoming a habit. Instead of saying "fuck it I deserve a break today" I'm trying to say "Yay I get to workout today and it will make me feel so much better!" I HAVE to get that workout in or else I will be more stressed. Or with Internet I have a bad habit of escaping from my kids and hiding in my room doing mindless crap on the internet. Nothing terrible but it wastes time and it never makes me feel better only worse. Trying to get myself to play the tape forward just like drinking and make choices to stay present rather than withdrawing from reality. 
any time i am feeling shitty it always comes back to self care.  i'm not working out or eating like i should. not getting enough sleep. when i right that everything else falls into place. ..that said i quit porn at the beginning of the year. cutting out caffeine right now to see if that gets rid of the rest of my anxiety. i think we are just constant works in progress. trying to be better every day is a full time job. ..
The AA big book is knowledge I took with me and used when I wasn't involved in meetings. Then I got back in in particular because I found an Agnostic group but that's me...I've been studying Buddhism. That stuff has really helped as I've dug deeper into the recesses of my mind.
I wouldn't consider myself to be in a recovery program really besides coming here. I also go to online meetings and read literature but I haven't been to a face to face meeting in awhile. I started to work the steps when I first got back on the wagon but I gave that up too. I think I am doing okay but I notice when I start to lag on the things that I know really help me in terms of my mental health. The biggest of those is exercise. When I work out every day I feel so much better and a lot of my issues sort of melt away. When I start to get irritable and discontent I can usually relate it to changes in my activity level. I also felt really out of control with my diet for a long time and it was mostly related to craving and overdoing it with carbs. One thing I've started recently that has helped enormously in terms of getting my eating under control again is eliminating carbs from my diet. I went all the way (keto) but I plan to incorporate healthy carbs again at some point. ..Anyway... AA didn't feel like freedom to me either. I've been told that most people don't really "want" to be there but that it helps them stay sober and so I take my own disconnect with it with a grain of salt. I'm conflicted because I don't think that I am necessarily qualified to judge what I should and shouldn't do in terms of recovery because I view addiction as an illness (and I'm not a doctor) so I also try to listen to what others tell me even if I don't agree. 
I don;t need a recovery program this place was my main support in getting sober. I'm sober healthy happy and very grateful to be living free from alcohol. My focus has shifted to living my life with balance. I did dabble with SMART meetings a while once I got to nine months sober and it was nice to meet people in the flesh however it was inconvenient (time and distance) and getting in the way of me doing other things so I choose to to those other things instead. I'm fortunate that my depression cleared up once I got sober and I've learned to manage my anxiety better partly supported by cognitive behavioural therapy. ..Sobriety is my freedom and I get to focus on my priorities. That includes regular exercise getting outdoors on my bike or on foot reading etc.
Self sobriety. Healthy happy. 4 years. AA has way too much nonsense for me. All of those schemes seem odd though if they help that's great.
I think the keys to some of these programs are:..- stay connected with humanity.- stay focused on your sobriety.- dedicate time to looking inward..AA is the go-to because it's crazily everywhere and provides all of that (for better or worse).  But there are innumerable ways to do this without a formal structure.  I can already feel myself tiring of AA even the meetings but when I say goodbye I need to fill that time with stuff that also covers those three areas.  This sub for example is excellent at the second one.  therapy and meditation are great for the third one.  I could take yoga three nights a week and try to spend more face-to-face time with people in my life and cover the first one...
People in AA watch porn binge eat and have depression.   We talk about it.  Just sharing about cross addictions can help.  I found other support groups and solutions to other problems at AA.  I know it's not for everyone especially long term but it's working for me today.  At the moment I can't do it alone.   Good luck
Ok so I have a similiar story.  I realized my porn problem first and I got involved with a site called yourbrainrebalanced.com.  I was involved in the early days and created a journal and posted everyday about my addiction struggles.  I made a few friends on there and together we beat the addiction.  ..Then when I found out I was a drunk I somehow stumbled upon this sub and again found a few people who have supported me along the way...So long story short for me I believe I am vulnerable and social enough to only have an internet support group get me through addictions.  But if you don't have those two skills I could see how AA would be the only way to get through it in terms of building a community. 
When I read this I hear a person struggling with the same basic things many if not most people in general struggle with. If you are seven years sober why would you choose AA as a place to work through this stuff? Cognitive Behavioral Therapy is especially good at the kinds of things you're talking about. So is therapy in general. If only as a set regular place to check in with someone...I only have a bit over 100 days right now. But was sober for a good chunk of time before my last relapse too. I go to SMART sometimes but mostly for purely legal reasons (custody battle possible) and I don't feel the need for any sort of group or program (beyond what I get on this sub) as I have other places/communities in my life from where I draw purpose and connection.
I have actually been doing way better since quitting recovery groups. I have had 2 sessions with a therapist and am on welbutrin now. I have been reading tons of books on addiction and alcohol abuse. I have been working way more than I would have ever thought I could doing yoga everyday staying on top of my eating and going to Buddhist meditation and sangas a bunch. I didn't have time or motivation with 7 aa meetings a week meeting with sponsors plus forcing myself to try and make friends at meetings would drain me. Forced social interaction gives me the worst anxiety and you know what I do when I am anxious? I drink. Just keep doing what feels like the right path for you even if it isn't fun and keep trying new things and read all of the books. Rational Recovery This naked mind and in the realm of hungry ghosts are books that really stand out as one that helped me the most. Also practicing simple mindfulness techniques like naming things in the room or noticing temperature and smells or how my clothes feel puts me back in the now when I start getting anxious or depressed. Also remembering that I am a ghost driving a meat suit while riding a rock through space helps keep things in perspective too :)
