-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yukyz/a_month_sober_today_but_the_cravings_are_getting/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Hey might not be much help here but distraction and keeping your mind on other things tends to help. .A good series a movie a book. Plus reading and posting on here helps me tons...Hope you can keep going. A month is great...Oh and happy cake day :)
I remember those cravings.  I did whatever I could just not to to drink.  For the next hour  20 minutes whatever!   It does pass...it does get easier 
It passes.  It will pass.  Just hold on and get through it one day at a time.  Corny advice but it works...
I eat something sweet and drink something - water favourite fizzy drink Anything really - together they give my body fluid and sugar which takes the edge off a little. Good luck xx
Congratulations on your first month!..I found that after my first 30 days it was helpful to start doing projects that I had meaning to get around to but was always too drunk or hung over to deal with. ..I also splurged a bit on myself. In my case it was a shiney new graphics card but I would take the money you saved not buying booze for the last month and spend it on something else you enjoy. 
Ice cream and going to bed early. Telling myself "Just don't drink today get your head on the pillow sober. You can rethink the decision tomorrow." 
When I felt like you do I went to an AA meeting. Being in a room with people who understand is awesome. 
What's the underlying issue? HALT... Are you hungry angry lonely or tired? How can one or more of those be addressed in a positive way?
What made you stop?
I relapsed when I hit my first 60. I think it was something about hitting that milestone and wanting to celebrate. My monster was like look you got this far you deserve it. I was so ashamed and I fell off hard. I made and idiot of myself and it took a few months to stop relapsing every week or so. If you feel too antsy and can't seem to find anything you want to do take a couple of benadryl and sleep off the craving. Its not the most productive way to ride it out but at least you are riding it out...
