-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ywb1j/advice/

I have decided that it is time. I am under performing at work I am becoming a recluse I can't keep a romantic relationship because eventually my drinking gets in the way I have interests I never explore and at 24 I struggle with the idea of quitting because it seems like a lot of young people just want to drink. I can get to 2-3 days sober but I find myself falling back into old habits. Can I get any advice or tips from anyone who knows how navigate this? I appreciate any advice I can get. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

You can go to meetings.. they never helped me much but they help other people. You really just have to accept that life is going to suck for a while. Once you start exploring new hobbies and interests you will start to rebuild a healthier life...The most important thing is to not drink. It's easier said than done I know this but it's your only option. Battle through the emotions and cravings you can do it. Buy some books on addiction and read up then you will have a better understanding of what's going on in your mind. ..I just got 7 months the other day. It's insane how much life can change in that amount of time. ..Good luck.
Congrats on making a change!  There are some great tools in the sidebar including a free download of This Naked Mind which was a game changer for me &amp; helped me view my sobriety in a positive light.  In the beginning I used a lot of distraction to get through cravings &amp; to break old habits.  I would call a friend or complete a chore or go for a walk when I felt like I wanted to drink.  I'd promise myself that I could drink later if I wanted to do so...and the craving would pass &amp; I would realize that I really didn't want any part of alcohol. Best wishes to you.  I won't drink with you if it helps!
Congrats on being so self-aware so early in life! Just think of the decades of alcohol-management you'll save yourself by making positive changes now. :)..I think early on it's very important to be conscious of your thinking patterns. It sounds as if you might be worried about not being able to enjoy activities with people close to your age. Removing alcohol from the equation actually opens you up to even more choices about how you can spend your time. You don't have to plan your time or activities around it and you'll generally form closer bonds/relationships with friends instead of relying on shallow or brief interactions over a cocktail at a bar...If you think about your choice to abstain as a "yes" instead of a "no" it might change your perspective. I tell myself it's not that I CAN'T have alcohol...it's that I've realized that consuming it isn't Useful to me. It doesn't provide any benefits in my life - it interferes with my work performance it damages my relationships etc...There are a lot of different kinds of support groups out there. I'd encourage you to try and find one in your area that's more of your vibe. Keep up the momentum proud of you!
The most important thing is to not drink under any circumstances. I have anxiety and something that helps me tremendously is to be aware of my thoughts and notice when I start spiraling or am having hijacked thought processes. Becoming aware will help you notice when you start trying to rationalize having a drink. Once you start getting some time under your belt things like hobbies and getting on a good sleep/ eating schedule will help a lot. But in those first few days just commit every day every second that you will not drink. As many other people have said going to meetings can be helpful for some (I personally have never gone to AA.) Exercising helped me a lot in the early days of sobriety. Just keep chipping away at it. You got this! 
