-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ywo96/checking_back_in_with_you_sobernauts/

It's been a couple months since I've posted and I hope all is well with all of you newcomers and old-timers alike. Congrats on the new subscribers...I had a couple months of sobriety then my thought process went south last weekend and I decided to test the waters. Have a couple drinks. I've never had "a couple". If you ever tried moderation you understand. I never got half drunk. So of course I invite alcohol to the party and it says "hey I have this friend cocaine you should invite cocaine to hang out". So I did and we hung out. And before I knew it Friday turned into Saturday turned into Sunday and the only thing that saved my ass was having work Monday. Come Monday morning and I'm back in that same dark depressed state I existed in for 15 years. I let the hangover pass and did some homework. I didn't beat myself up over it it seemed counter-productive. I narrowed the relapse down to a few errors on my part. I wasn't working the steps in AA no sponsor didnt talk to anyone basically a body in a chair. First thing I did was hit a meeting honestly I'm still too damn shy to talk but it has to happen. Probably why I'm on here venting. Something else I thought of was h.a.l.t. (Hungry angry lonely tired). I was probably all of those things and lets add complacent. I was complacent in not keeping up with a program thinking I could slide by. I plan on being more diligent about my sobriety it can and will sneak up on me if I'm not doing something about it. Cunning little shit. ..So I'm 5 days in. Its the biggest drinking day of the year in my city (st pattys parade day) and I took my dog for a 10 mile hike today and hit a meeting afterwards. And now I'm looking at drunk snapchats from people and thanking my lucky stars I didnt participate. My bank account and liver will also thank me. Thanks for listening I hope you all are well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! I was super shy at meetings at first too. And everyone giving me their phone number? What would I even say they can't really want me to call right? They do and they/we've been there. You are not alone. To start talking I started just standing with the greeters at the front just shaking hands and saying hello to people on the way in. I still sometimes stumble I've got a pretty good "hey" and can follow up with a "how's it going" but then I'm all out of ideas. Thank god for days with bad weather everyone can chat about that :) 
I'm not an "all or nothing every time" drinker. Based on past experience however I can only control my drinking for so long (days weeks maybe months) before I get a case of the "fuck its". ..The bottom line for me is I enjoy abusing alcohol (getting drunk). Even though I *can* just have a couple on a given day I can't do that forever. I know it and I've proved it. ..A couple will become 3 or 4 which will become five or six. Then a Saturday will roll around I'll open a beer at 2pm and go to bed near midnight with 12 or 15 drinks in me. This is the shit I need to remind myself of.
Congrats. I'm dreading the next to weeks with St paddy's day my birthday and my best friends birthday. Its always been a big drinking weekend with all those events happening and I play on staying sober this year. It's going to be tough but with the right mind set taking it day by day and the wonderful support I have I will get thru it no matter how hard it will be. Keep it up and ill join you in not drinking!
