-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5z5h9i/reflections_and_musings_at_50_days/

Missed posting on my 50th day (yesterday) but wanted to post something (better late than never right?)...First things first this forum has been a godsend for an individual like me. I don't know a ton of people really I don't have a lot of people I would want to talk to about my issues and troubles but being able to come on here and read everyones stories and see how their path unfolds and their thoughts and the constant support all you amazing people give really makes it easier to keep going so kudos to all of you on that...1 - I'm still struggling with boredom. I figure this is all a part of the process and the good news is it is becoming easier to fill the time - I haven't been able to sink myself into a bunch of new hobbies just yet but I am eating better cooking much more in the home instead of eating out making sure to walk for an hour a day etc. Been getting caught up on all my NetFlix shows as well! I do want to get around to joining a gym but as I'm still early in the recovery process I don't want to overdo anything and figure small steps aren't such a bad thing...2 - I'm not sure I could do this by myself. The truth is it was a nightmare night/situation that got me to realize I need to be sober. If my girlfriend wasn't still with me I'm not 100% sure I could say I would have the willpower to maintain this lifestyle myself. I want to believe I would still be sober but the truth is - I don't know. I suppose I'll cross that bridge if I ever get to it - but really I feel I'm staying sober for myself for my family for my girlfriend for my roommate. The odd thing is I feel very confident in my ability to stay sober and my resolve right now but I just feel like I'm still in a precarious situation in recovery to where if anything knocked one of my big pillars/foundation out from under my life at this moment. I think it would be difficult. Maybe this changes and becomes easier as time goes on?..3 - Money is nice. I quit smoking cigarettes about 3 weeks before I undertook trying to get sober as well and while the amount of money I'm saving hasn't been earthshattering I can see it slowly starting to add up - I'm spending a decent amount more on groceries/food so I think that's where some of the extra is going but it is so nice to have Friday roll around and not go "Well time to go drop $100 on a carton of cigarettes for the week and $60-70 on booze!" every single weekend that money was just vanishing into the air. Even if I'm still spending some of it at least it's on something tangible now!..4 - Weight. January of 2016 on steroids for a medical condition which caused a ton of weight gain I was at my absolute heaviest point (267 pounds at the last doctors office visit.) I knew things had to change - I started walking in February or March of last year after I had received a fitbit as a gift. I started slowly averaging around 5k steps a day then up to 7k finally getting to around 10k in May on a daily average. I dropped close to 30 pounds and got to 239 by December of 2016. I did seem to plateau though due to the fact I was consuming at least a 1.75 by myself of Whiskey from Thursday-Sunday. Since I quit drinking I have dropped over 20 more pounds and am currently at 217 - and hope to get down to around the 200 mark by July. Weight issues are something I have battled with my entire life I hope that I haven't yet hit a plateau from not drinking and that the losses can go on for awhile longer...5 - SWEET TOOTH. This is something you see almost everyone talk about. And while I'm now at the point that for the most part if I don't buy candy I'm fine if I buy a bag of gummy bears or worms or anything sweet I will absolutely devour the bag in one sitting. There are still nights where I pig out on sweets way more than I should but hey it's way better than getting trashed!..I hope everyone here is doing great and has a fantastic Monday. I will not drink with all of you today!
----------immediate responses--------

