-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5z7g4e/new_to_this_sub_need_some_thoughtsadvice_on_my/

Hi all.Longtime lurker first time poster.  I am a 28 y/o attorney at a small specialty firm and I've come to the realization that I'm an alcoholic.  It started as binging but has gradually progressed to an almost weekly thing. A little background on my story.  I was a social but binge drinker during college.  In law school that continued but I started drinking by myself sometimes to cope with the stress which lead to me failing a class my first year and having to retake it.  I cut back somewhat my second and third years passed and managed to take the bar.  I had a girlfriend during my third year and when I was around her my drinking tended to increase.  I was having trouble controlling it in social situations and eventually started sneaking booze on weekend mornings afterwords to stave off a hangover.  Eventually landed a job at a great small firm with really understanding employers.  I deal with clients in high stress situations and sometimes that stress comes home with me whether I want it to or not.  After a bad breakup with my law school girlfriend my drinking on weekends increased eventually leading to an incident where I blacked out in front of my family.  Fast forward to last year--after another breakup I spiraled out of control and went on a two week bender where I was mainly drinking whiskey but also whatever else I could get my hands on. I was also missing work. I had to go to the ER for alcohol poisoning was prescribed benzos and went through withdrawal that lasted probably about 2 weeks.  I temporarily had to move back home with my parents during that time.  After that I quit drinking for about 60 days but then gradually relapsed over the summer.  I had a few other blackout incidents through September that scared me enough to commit to sticking to beer for the time being and seeking out a psychiatrist.  She diagnosed me with depression and anxiety and prescribed me lexipro which seemed to help reduce my urge to drink in the short term.  I started dating again and met a great girl who I've been with since October.  We recently returned from a trip to san diego and had a great time but I was still drinking beer/wine.  Two weeks ago she left for florida and I went on another  bender drinking maybe a big bottle of wine a day (sometimes more) since March 1st.  I missed a lot of work and finally decided enough is enough.  I had my last drink on Saturday night and have been going through withdraw since then.  The shakes have stopped and I've started eating again but my stomach is still a bit irritated.  I haven't been able to sleep through the night yet.  Any advice from other people particularly lawyers who have gone through this?  I'm not religious and don't like sharing in big groups so I don't feel like AA is really going to help.  I went to a meeting once and it wasn't for me.  I'm going to continue seeing my therapist as often as I think it's necessary.  Sorry for the wall of text just needed to share my full story and get some thoughts from others who have been through this. 
----------immediate responses--------

