-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zhumy/cant_send_myself_to_bed_at_night/

Hey SD!..I'm new here but I've been reading for quite some time. I have a long story and a hell of a lot short ones but that's for another time. I'm currently 11 days sober which is kinda among my highscores. Going quite well this time and having high hopes..But the reason I decided to write my first post is I want your advice on something. It's all been great these last days except I can't just go to bed at night. I'll wait till my wife and kids all go to sleep (who have problems of their own going to sleep on time) and then spend hours watching one crappy youtube video after another. I wouldn't want to watch them anymore I'd be really tired and sleepy but still there I am - swiping down and watching another one. .Last night (or this morning?) I went to bed around 3 a.m. and even then I didn't sleep I put my headphones in and went on until I almost drained my phone's battery. I have to get up for work at 7 a.m. what I do looks crazy now when I look back at it and it feels crazy when I'm actually doing it but I still just keep doing this shit..Now that I'm writing this it actually looks a lot like drinking. I'm not going into how I've come to my sobriety this time in this post but the same approach won't work with this youtube mania. I do realize that this is somehow related to my decades long drinking problem as are some of my other issues but this one bugs me the most since it doesn't let me recover properly and feel relieved in the mornings. .So anyway I'd really appreciate some advice on how I could send myself off to bed. Any tricks and how-tos....I understand that alcohol used to "help me sleep" but this is not the issue here at least I don't struggle without it or miss it at those late youtube sessions this is something else I just can't figure out yet...And here's my first I will not drink with you today...Thanks!..edit: some words
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I feel ya. I have a weird circadian rhythm disorder (Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome or DSPS) and have always been a chronic insomniac.. I think that is a big part of why alcohol got such a hold on me i loved having a way to knock myself out at night. ..I'm currently working graveyards at my job which helps but previously after getting sober I used a variety of methods to fall asleep. Melatonin supplements sleepytime tea hiding my phone from myself and a little mindfulness technique my mom got from her therapist lol -- focusing on an object (alarm clock bedspread anything). Notice every detail of the object and refuse to focus on anything else. Texture color etc. If you can really concentrate it gets boring enough to make you kinda sleepy...Another note...you're pretty early in. I didn't sleep AT ALL my first 6 days which resulted in some fun hallucinations and a mini vacation to the psych ward haha. But the sleep thing gets much better in time. Hang tough!
I think that most of us have issues around sleep.  I started drinking because going to sleep terrified me.  Then of course the drinking became more of a problem then the not sleeping.  My advice I saw a sleep doctor for a sleep study still waiting on the results but......In early sobriety may I suggest you consider the following ideas.fix your bedroom clean the room buy new bedding pillows sheets quilts etc.  make the room enticing for you.  Establish some rules and routines no electronic gear after a certain time don't eat later watch what you eat sugar caffeine carbs etc all impact on sleep let your body get tired thru exercise let your brain get tired through reading a book meditation a hot bath etc.  don't over stimulate your brain let it quieted and settle.  The downside of this for me is keeping out the feelings and thoughts that want to come in ...... that for me is why I drank..... being sober is not just about not drinking being sober is about developing the skills tools techniques to manage the way I think and behave when I am sober....especially around going to bed properly..This is a do as I say not as I do post.... I sleep on the couch watching tv until I fall asleep the tv stays on so if I wake up during the night I can go back to sleep using the same process.....tv.  I am working on it still......2 and 1/2 years in........Good luck and congratulations on getting through those first 11 days...Are you going to get yourself a badge it is wonderfully motivating for me to see the days tick over!
I was scared of going to bed unassisted by alcohol! I was honest with my PCP who suggested Melotonin Magnesium &amp; Benedryl... I dropped the Benedryl after the first week. (They looked too much like actual drugs to me) I did some research and added B1. I also worked out walked even if I just had 5 minutes time I put a small step in the LR that I could climb on &amp; I forced myself to go to bed after Jimmy Fallon's monologue NO MATTER WHAT. I counted sheep I counted sheep counting other sheep I even named one sheep Baaaaarbra. Eventually I slept. Also I never lose my sense of humor with this not drinking shit. I figure I deserve to have this not be easy. I will admit that I can spend a very long time on YouTube looking at disgusting skin eruption videos. That does not make me sleepy though. Hang in there. It eased up for me. It will for you too.
