-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zpzlk/first_official_sober_gig_tonight/

Our band will be playing at a local rock dive today. It will be the first time ever playing live sober on stage for me (we played at my friend's wedding about a year ago but that was quite different). I'm already quite nervous but at the same time much more confident than I thought. I'm not really afraid of relapsing but then again I've avoided this scene completely since I quit so many old memories will probably be triggered. I'm kinda looking forward to it but at the same time terrified because of my social anxiety issues. ..Anyway posting this for accountability and also tips from other musicians are more than welcome! I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Attending concerts sober is a great thing! Playing that way will be even better. I'm taking my daughter to see her favorite hard rock band next week and I know the cravings will be there but I will not drink so I can enjoy my daughter and the band. 
I'm in a band as well and I've had some issues with social anxiety too and I was really surprised to find that people still like me sober! I even developed a newfound social smoothness that I didn't have before. Playing on stage sober and without a hangover also went really well...I'll be honest I have had a few crappy nights out since I stopped drinking but it helps to remind yourself that getting blackout drunk and embarrassing yourself wouldn't do much to make the night any better if that happens.
Awesome!  I've found that (unsurprisingly) it's a lot easier to actually play a good show sober...For me the most tempting thing about gigs especially when I first stopped drinking was that they often give you free drinks.  It was helpful for me to have an accountability partner who knew I wasn't drinking and to plan to get some sort of fun non-alcoholic beverage.  It was also helpful to drive myself to the gig instead of my usual carpooling so that I could leave any time I wanted...Also my bandmates still sometimes get pretty damn drunk after gigs.  It's been helpful for me to try to see the positives in that because otherwise it could be pretty frustrating.  These days I enjoy being the one person who actually remembers all of the ridiculous things that were done and said.
my experience as a bass player after 6 or eight gigs sober and 75 days instead of previous less than complimentary comments after show now big positive solid sounded great really connected bigger return crowds more gig requests and I am the only thing that changed everybody else is and has been a slow or no drinker. It kind of shows you how the bass player can make or break the band yes we bass players have always had an overly large sense of self importance to the overall sound. anyways no alcohol for me has been nothing but great for our little band from Chicago. I would have never guessed it would have made such a difference. PLUS on my way home late at night I don't give a shit about cops They can pull me over and I can blow in their face with no worries. I drink a lot of Spindrift [COSTCO] and La Croix if I can't find Spindrift. YUMMY
