-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zw5dk/sober_st_patricks_greetings_from_ireland/

Up at half six this morning in Dublin coffee in hand and no hangover. It's just another day but I haven't had a sober Paddy's Day in over ten years so this is a pretty big deal for me. ..This time last year I started to question my relationship with alcohol after I went drinking on my own for Paddy's Day. It was a pretty lonely and unmemorable day apart from the fact that I knew it wasn't normal to drink copious amounts of alcohol let alone drink by myself after turning down invites to go out with friends. I guess I liked drinking alone I didn't need to answer to anyone about how mouth booze I was consuming and I could come and go as I please. Of course one drink is never enough...the hangover the next day was pretty raw. ..One year on (and two relapses later) I am sober and thankful. I had nostalgic feelings about alcohol last night after work and was contemplating on going out for a few drinks but I know that I needed to take off those rose tinted glasses. Drinking + me = dire consequences. ..Thanks SD for all your help and encouragement you've been a wealth of information and inspiration for me over the last year. I'm proud of every one of you. ..La Fheile Padraig sona dhaoibh!   
----------immediate responses--------

Happy St Patrick's day! I won't drink with you today.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Congratulations!  Happy Maewyn Succat day!
Happy St. Patrick's Day from NYC! I will not be drinking with you today at the big parade and tonight at dinner!
Greetings from Dublin. .Heading into town with people later who will be drinking but I certainly won't be throwing my sober time away..Enjoy the day!
Happy Paddy's day from Wicklow. I'm struggling but I have to make it through. I will not drink with you today.
Happy St. Patrick's day! I am Irish. My name is Patrick. Every year this was my glory day to get obliterated dance creepily hit on women spill a drink or two and spend $100 like it was nothing.
Happy St. Patrick's day! I'm not drinking with you today :) 
Staying sober Belfast 
Happy St. Patrick's day from Laois. I am coming up on 6  months sober. I was out last night with my sober friend to see a band. They were brilliant but I wanted all the drunk people to go home and stop 'ruining my Buzz'...But then I remembered I was that soldier...drunkmessyinconsiderate of others suspicious and paranoid of non drinkers..and so I raised my glass (of Orange) and let it go. I will not drink with you today.  
Happy Paddy's day from Sligo :) I'm still in my pyjamas because today is a glorious day off workand the weather is quite stormy here. I may brave the elements to treat the family to a pizza but that will be the height of my shenanigans today. I will not be drinking with you all today!
Cha bhi mi ag  l c mhla ribh an-diugh!  I will not drink with you today! :)
Happily staying sober this St. Patrick's Day in a town full of drunk people. 
Happy Paddy's Day from SoCal. I lived in Dublin for SPD at one point. You can still enjoy the parade and stay sober. 3/18 will be better without a hangover.
Big ups to you OP I will NOT drink with you today!
|sona dhaoibh..I'm a son-of-a-*what* now?? (Maybe that's how many of those Boston bar fights tonight will start.)..Happy Evacuation Day from the other side of the pond! :)
Happy St. Patty's Day!  My company has a large office there and I know they are celebrating pretty hard today.  My SO texted me today to say how excited he is to not feel pressured to go out and drink shitty green beer all night.  I will not drink with you tonight!
I actually forgot today was St. Patrick's Day until I got to work and was teased for not wearing green. In year's past I would have taken the day off to day drink until I passed out. What a delight it is to think how great I'll feel in the morning. 
Happy Paddy`s day .for me one is too many and.one thousand is never enough .I will not be drinking with you today .sobriety first always (((( hugs ))))
Also happy sober March madness! 
Oh gee I thought it was tomorrow night. I'm really happy my boss randomly gave me tonight off then (she's so adorable she thinks I have a social life) so I can relax at home instead of deal with drunkards. Hmmm I wonder where I can get all the sides of corned beef and hash without the beef.....
Happy sober Paddy's day from the south east. My 8th sober Patrick's day in a row. If it gets any better I'll not be able to stick it! Sobriety is the gift that keeps on giving pass it on!
Going to my first St Pat's get together since becoming alcohol-free. .Happy St Patrick's and I won't be drinking with you today! Feeling strong. Thanks everyone here. 
Happy Paddy's from Connecticut. I will not drink with you today! Raise my seltzer to you! 
Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too! I may just have to get myself a shamrock shake today!
:)
on my last using st. pats day i did so much coke the night before (by myself!! bc i was put in charge of supplying it for my friends) i was miserable the next day while all my friends were drunk and zooted. terrible terrible day!..sober&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'll join you in a sober St. Paddy's Day!  
I have never seen so many St Patrick's Day greetings without a single reference to "Patty"! Haha .......Good job OP and I'm not drinking with you today!!
"I guess I liked drinking alone I didn't need to answer to anyone about how mouth booze I was consuming and I could come and go as I please."..This is the same reason I would drink alone. God thank you for this post. It hit home for me! 
No drinking up here near Belfast. Glad to join you :)  beannachta .
[removed]
