-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zy4oh/coworker_just_walked_into_my_office_and_asked_if/

Clearly two months of sobriety isn't agreeing with me as well as I thought it was.  ..Strangely I had my first relapse dream last night. It was horrible. I dreamt that I was black out drunk at some sort of convention or expo with some of my husbands old friends.  I was embarrassing him AND myself.   ..I am leaving for vacation to Hilton Head tomorrow morning.  Me my husband his parents his sister and her 1 and 5 year old in a 2 bedroom condo.  ..They keep talking about "The beach! The beach!" And when I point out that the beach is over a mile away and it's going to be like 65 degrees most of the week I'm a pessimistic naysayer.  ..As soon as I found out his parents and the kids were going I wanted to back out. But I couldn't because then my mother in law would feel bad. . .Ugh.  At least I can get some work done remotely and save some vacation time... as long as the kids aren't too loud. ...I hear Savannah is only like an hour away so maybe I can spend some time there. ...Wish me luck! I will not drink with you today...
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you just didn't sleep well? Hungover people look permanently tired!
i looked hungover today too! i think i am dehydrated...good luck on your weekend. try to get away if you are feeling stressed. walk to the beach! it's only a mile. :)
It kinda sucks when what we thought was going to be a get-away-from-it-all vacation turns into something else.  Good luck to you!!!
I find the hard days are the most important days for me. If I can get through them sober I feel like I'm stronger for the next time. ..I'm sorry. I've felt overwhelmed and unsupported often. It always sucks. ..I think it's good that you came here to get some support and care. It might not be much but it's something...On hard days I like to remember that bad things don't come to stay they "come to pass". What feels huge and comes with big emotions today won't even be something I remember in five years...It's hard to remember those things but I try...I wish you all the best and wish I could send you a truckload of backup patience for the next little while. I think we could all use a little extra sometimes.
I have really started to put my foot down with vacations that somehow evolve into my in-law reunions.  Not relaxing or fun for me.  .Check out Jekyll Island at sunrise if you can!  
Savannah is a shitshow for St. Pats.  This coming from an ex-Charleston native we used to go down there because you could drink on the streets.  It'll be torn up all weekend.  But the beaches around there are stupid gorgeous I'd hit those up!  Good luck!
Sounds like a good opportunity for beach walks! ..Congrats on two months! 
