-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6005kb/any_of_you_still_here_after_doing_dry_january_and/

Really struggling with temptation tonight. I've arranged to go see friends though and I've never driven drunk in my life so that will stop me drinking. Hopefully I'll be tired enough by the time I get home to just go to bed...Just wondered if any one in here like me did dry January and then just carried on?..What was your reason for not going back to drinking?..For me giving up alcohol for a month gave me a lot of time for reflection. Being here in this sub and researching the truth about alcohol has really opened my eyes to the path I was on!..I'm choosing a different path because my life is so valuable to me.
----------immediate responses--------

My initial goal was at least 30 days and I'm still going! I just feel so much better without it- physically mentally everything. It was hardest for me around 45 days or so but it has gotten easier. I kinda feel afraid of alcohol at this point because I have finally gotten it into my head that if I start with one or 2 I'll just end up increasing the frequency until I'm right back drinking at a level that I was unhappy with. It's the same way I feel about smoking even though it has been almost 10 years since I quit. I will never just have one cigarette even now because I've been down that slippery slope too many times and it took so much effort to quit. I'm finally getting used to not drinking now and as I did with quitting smoking it is seeming easier to just not give in at all than to 'test' myself with moderation. Around the 40 day mark I made a more modest goal of 100 days but now that I'm getting closer to that I think I'm more comfortable just thinking of myself as a non-drinker than a drinker on a break.
I'm with you! Felt better and better so I decided to just keep it going...helps that I lost a ton of weight and everyone keeps telling me how great I look!!
I started a few days earlier (because of a serious hangover). Now I am doing it for lent as well so I have to make it till Easter then I will be over 100 days and I can't seeing wanting to throw those days away. Plus side I feel awesome!!
I stopped on 1st January and spent most of January reading up on the benefits of not drinking reading posts on here etc etc.  All of which led me to really appraise my drinking and I came to an obvious conclusion  - I needed to stop.  Once I had changed my whole mental approach the rest was easy.  Now I don't even think about having a drink and tbh I don't want one.  Can't miss something if you don't long for it...Best decision I have ever made and I don't see myself going back.
