-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6017ag/to_anyone_else_who_might_be_struggling_today/

I thought I had won against alcohol but I almost just went to the store and bought a bottle of something and gave up. I told myself I'm pathetic I told myself all the progress I've made I could've done drunk I told myself no one likes me or takes me seriously and I told myself it doesn't matter...That's not me. That is the addiction and negative self-talk taking over my mind trying to trick me into drinking even though I'm almost one year sober...Sorry if this isn't very articulate. I'm not really believing what I'm typing right now but I know that if I can just NOT DRINK FOR ONE MORE HOUR it will get better and I'll be so glad I stayed sober...Pro tip: Look at your own post history. Read the posts you made in this sub when you were feeling great. Read in your own words how your life HAS improved. Read in your own words how bad it really was when you were drinking. Google articles related to alcoholism and the benefits of not drinking. Make a pros and cons list if you need to. Put it off. Instead of going to the store now wait 30 minutes...I will not drink today but SHIT. This is one of the hardest days I've ever had.
----------immediate responses--------

My first Friday in at least three years not drinking. I will not drink with you tonight! 
Hey K I like how in your dark hour you're reaching out to try to help others with your words.  Know this - you have helped me right now.  I don't know why I'm feeling like crap - but I am and there's this part of me that wants a vacation from sobriety.  I'm here because I can't let that happen - I think that's why you're here too.  We've got too much invested in this to throw it away.  I think tonight is gonna be a bear but if we just take it bit by bit we might just make it.  Got anything decadent around the house to eat?  I'm going to go looking for something right now.  Let us know how you're going tonight.  Okay?
[removed]
I was in a similar frame of mind a few time over the last 6 months. I get in these moods that all I want to do is sell all of my prized possessions (boat Jeep bikes and pistols) and disappear somewhere and see who cares that I'm gone. Weird eh?  Anyway I must have some sort of depression going on. Who knows?..Want to by a boat?
Man I had one of these days too recently. For me AA helped there. The right group is like a mirror cabinet that helps to identify these thoughts as what they are - for me its usually 70% fear 30% bullshit. And remember - when you wake up sober you have already made it through 51% of the day ;)..I will not drink with you today.
