-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/603sqb/saturdays_quote_stoicism_part_6/

Theme: Reconciling the past..Quote: "A gem cannot be polished without friction nor a man without trials.  Seneca..What it means to me: Long before I quit drinking I came to the realization that I am a product of my past struggles. I had a tumultuous childhood with a safe harbor of loving grandparents who kept me in the stormiest of times.  That was a blessing. But the things that I had been through opened my eyes early in life to the human condition and I was never full of blame or anger but empathy and the desire to soothe the pain I saw in others. I saw that I wouldn't be who I was without those struggles but the life of an empath is full of uncontrollable emotion and it is EXHAUSTING. So I drank. All the drinking did was relieve me for a moment of my greatest gift. And as my addiction grew it turned me into someone I didn't ever want to be. A selfish person. ..Now that I am sober I can see that. And now just like I did not feel anger or blame for my childhood trials I must not feel anger or blame for my choices when I was drinking. I must forgive myself like I forgave my mother. The strength it takes to break free from addiction is immense. And I am proud of that. I am better today because of it. All of this was part of life's lessons that helped me grow even more. And now at 4 months sober I am a Phoenix rising from the ashes. I won't be drinking with y'all today!   .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a big fan of the Stoic philosophers.  I've got Marcus Aurelius's "Meditations" on my desk. I love that quote and this post. 
&gt;I am a product of my past struggles..Yes.  All kinds of experiences.  Some I liked some I didn't.  Each contributed in some way to "me" *today*.  ..The secret for me was doing work that involved looking at the experiences that *I did not like* and may have assigned the attribute of "bad" to the experience.  That was the root source of many resentments about what happened and what *should* have happened and *who was responsible* for that!?  I could churn the Resentment Factory in that mode...When I revisit those experiences and delete "good" or "bad" from the description they become "An" experience.  ..I can live without expectations it looks a lot like turning them into preferences.  ..I may prefer "A" but instead I have "B".  OK now what will I choose since I have "B"?  ..My most significant breakthrough was when I began to be grateful for those experiences that I didn't like; that I thought were "bad" that I didn't "want".  When I embraced this as one more part of me it fit INTO me.  ..Then I no longer regretted the past nor wished to shut the door on it...I'm not drinking with you today!
Great post!!!
A few years later and I am still dealing with the emotions of an empath and the damage of 17 years drinking... it is not easy for sure. The daily effort can be "exhausting" but I get moments of pure bliss that make my heart explode... I am happy to have the chance today to know the difference between surviving and living... not drinking just for today makes that possible. Thanks for the wonderful choice of quotes!
Great quote to start my morning. Thank you for sharing. I started reading Marcus Aurelius' Meditations but have not finished yet. Perhaps I will delve into it again this weekend.
Thank You. No dr*nks for me too.
I love this quote (and I love the whole Stoicism series). ..*I am who I am because of my past* - that which I had little or no control over (when I was at the mercy of the big people) and that when I did (especially including when I drank).  I can choose to be victim to it or a learner from it. I try to choose the latter although I fall in the pit once in awhile. ..In my morning meditation I've been ending with a forgiveness prayer. One part of it that is increasingly building s f-compassion is:.."For all the ways I harm myself: doubt negate belittle myself; judge or am unkind to myself I forgive myself."..Friction remember can also start fire - of passion for life love learning...you name it. 
&gt; All the drinking did was relieve me for a moment of my greatest gift...Isn't it funny how that works? Same here.
Ryan Holiday is a modern stoic and author whose writing I enjoy. For whatever reason he's also a non-drinker. ..I read him sober or not.
