-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/604h5e/three_months_sober/

Each milestone is kind of incredible to me. 10 days was a stretch a month was out of the question and three months seemed totally unreachable to me when I was drinking my face off. I'm so proud to be where I am. My life didn't suddenly get 100% better - in fact being sober brought a lot of the things that make me unhappy into sharp focus - but I can now see ways to work towards being the person I want to be. ..I met up with work friends yesterday for a "drink" and even though I was tempted and even said to my SO that I wanted a beer a beer couldn't hurt I had reached my 90 day milestone and had that under my belt so a beer wouldn't ruin a streak...I ended up choosing to drink water instead. I'm so glad that I did that I'm so glad that I am able to say no. It is just not worth the risk of sliding down that slippery slope into misery no way...I'm about to apply to community college to get my associates degree in a health/medical field of interest so that I can make more money and do something that I find interesting and stimulating and not just working a mindless office job. I never would have done this while I was a drunk. I wouldn't have had the motivation or confidence to take the step...I know this is a rambly bit of blah blah blah but maybe it will help some of the newbies who are struggling. The outside circumstances don't magically change overnight but your inner strength and determination and confidence will quickly change and give you the courage to address those outside circumstances. Keep going! It gets better! Next stop 6 months...
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 3 months!!!.
It's great to hear from folks who are making it one day at a time.  I think vigilance is the price we pay for our freedom from the effects of alcohol.  Well done FC99!
Congrats to you. Yeah I just keep reminding myself that one drink would be the start of the slippery slope into misery. I've gone through that vicious cycle too many damn times. 
&gt;Keep going! It gets better! ..Happy for you to have 91 days rather than 90.  FTZ. And I agree that it does get better and easier.
Well done on 3 months! 
