-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60a8mf/abandonment/

First off I'm only three days sober. So my count is wrong but I've been attempting long term sobriety for nearly two years. For this last year however I have been dealing with an extreme amount of resentment that I'm having an inability to get through. However irrational the thought process is I'm seriously stuck in this cyclical process of thinking I've forgiven people but finding (especially through long stretches of sobriety that I am literally seething at the thought of them). ..Basically it was through some prodding from a friend of mine that I initially came to realize my problem. And he was a very important support system for me through that first year. However throughout this year we have really grown apart. And not in the typical sense. While I understand he has his own life it almost seems as if he goes out of his way to make up excuses to not spend time together. But calls me every now and then to catch up. He doesn't really check on me as far as sobriety and any time the conversation is brought up he's very positive but dismissive (wow that's great keep it up! Etc)  Any attempts I make at speaking or making it clear that I miss his friendship and company go dismissed (everything is fine seriously relax! Etc). I can't seem to shake the sense of abandonment as he goes about his life with other friends of mine who have since my decision to pursue sobriety not really been talking to me either. I feel baffled but think my decision to stop drinking altogether has for whatever reason been a contributing factor in friendships I've had for years going off the deep end. I thought these friendships were based on something more genuine and have a hard time accepting that me not drinking has really resulted in this. This makes my sobriety a lot harder because I feel so alone and angry. Both things for me = time to drink.  Meetings help but it really isn't the same as moral support from loved ones. And I feel as if no one cares whether I stay sober or not. Which shouldn't matter but as you can expect it does.  ..How has sobriety affected your relationships and how did you get past it? I'm so hurt and I can't get past it and any time we talk now I just feel so angry. ..TL;DR : Since sobriety my friends have stopped talking to me and hanging out with me. I can't stop being angry and struggle with the decision to cut ties altogether. .
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and I'm glad you posted. Resentments are like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. A therapist helped me understand that they are incompatible with serenity and sobriety. With the guidance of my therapist and working the steps of AA I maneuvered through the grief process and focused on personal issues rather than blaming others for my problems. ..Sobriety affected many relationships because I hurt people I loved and some who I thought were friends were really only drinking buddies. I left the latter behind. My best friend has never forgiven me for the hurt I caused in spite of many efforts to change her mind. I respect her decision. ..I realized I had to build a happy sober life on my own. I joined a gym volunteered in the community and got involved in service within AA. Eventually my life evolved into what it is now--peaceful happy and sober. 
I've noticed that people who don't struggle with alcohol don't really know what it's like and hence don't know what to say.  I don't share too much detail of my struggles with my friends and family - that's what I have SD for.  Everyone here KNOWS what it's like to go through this.
Sorry. First don't feel angry but keep your eyes open for the next person to come into your life and the next step. You've grown past it. Also sorry but if you feel he's ignoring you listen to your gut. He is so don't feel confused anymore because that will drive you to drink - it happened to me for a year and drank so much and i wish I listened to my gut and moved on with my life and took care of myself. I learned the hard way and I can't get that time back. Be smart and strong!!! You'll be ok and give yourself a pat on the back. 
