-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60b2n3/sobriety_vs_recovery_the_drinking_lying_spouse/

TL;DR: Impact of SO's lying about drinking brings up question of what my own recovery means ..May of you have already heard this tune from me but I'm just sitting in a little stew of sadness and emptiness this morning and wanted some support. ..My SO still drinks. And since I am in recovery myself I want to think that I understand at least some of what my SO is about when it comes to drinking but I'm not sure I do. ..I was sober for 11+ years then relapsed for six -- with him as my major enabler and drinking partner.  When I quit again over a year ago it was clear he didn't want to talk about it *at all*. His obvious drinking diminished; but it didn't stop it just went underground. He finally told me that he considered himself a "maintenance drunk" and that he hadn't been sober a day in many years. He drank in secret kept alcohol at work etc...Occasionally (like yesterday) I find him obviously inebriated and he lies about it and tells me he hasn't been drinking. *(Really? Ya think I'm stupid here?)* He usually but hasn't yet today finally 'fesses up but the damage is done. ..Because it's not about the drinking per se.  I know I can't control that.  I can't make him want to stop.  Unfortunately he clearly also doesn't want to see that his choice to lie to me undermines what little trust I have in him to begin with (other things like infidelity have impacted this too). Because that's the deal -- trust. Oh and other minor things like honesty and integrity...We've been together 30 years. We have a college-age son who I financially support. Our life together on the surface seems like it still works to a large degree.  But today I feel empty and really really sad. His drinking does not threaten my *sobriety* but there's more to my *recovery* than not drinking.  It's about being real and honest and authentic and self-examining.  I tell myself I will put on my own oxygen mask first. If that's the case how does settling for a relationship with an actively alcoholic "secret" drinker compromise my recovery?..I have friends who ask me why I haven't left. I frequently haven't had an answer for that other than I have never had a definitive experience that said "go." I have also wanted to believe that what I need to learn in this lifetime about being in relationship will be there for me here in this one and that this is just another opportunity for me to do my work. I don't know...I think I may just be afraid to cut bait.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.  I'm still letting all that you've shared here sink in.  This isn't one of those situations where some off-the-cuff response would have much value.  I've been wrestling with relationship questions myself these day though mine doesn't involve the kind of undermining that you describe.  I am especially glad that your relationship doesn't threaten your hard earned sobriety.  If it did I reckon this would be a slam dunk decision for you...I can relate most closely to what you said about being torn between thinking that where you're at is "good enough" and yet  something is missing.  I also relate to the fear of being alone after all these years.  It's kind of a devil-you-know vs the deep blue see situation.  Clearly I don't have answers for you   I don't even have them for myself.  ..Right now in my life sobriety is job #1.  But I do think these points are worth pondering from time to time.  Though I generally loathe these sorts of simple-minded lists there's a website that I came across while googling something or other that has oodles of them.  It's a .ORG website so I don't think I violate and SD conventions by posting this link entitled  It May Be Time To End Your Relationship If These 14 Signs Show .  It didn't give me any answers because life's rarely as black and white as all that but it added thoughts to ponder to my thinking.  I hope it's of some small help to you. Here's the link: http://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/maybe-time-end-your-relationship-these-14-signs-show.html?ref=sidebar ..Please do share any future thinking you care to along these lines.  I'll do the same if I come across any major epiphany.  Good luck!.
So sorry to hear this that sounds tough. I know when I was drinking I'd do and say anything to keep my habit going. I churned out lies excuses even when it was clear to the both of us I was lying ("I don't have a problem" - staring at the full recycling box of empties...). I have no idea how my SO hung in there when alcohol was always going to come first to me. It seems miraculous to me that I've both chosen to stop and stuck at it because for the longest time I'd protect my habit at any cost and stopping was unthinkable...My S still drinks but thankfully only moderately I don't kn
&gt; I have friends who ask me why I haven't left. I frequently haven't had an answer for that other than I have never had a definitive experience that said "go."..This reads very similar to the 'I didn't have a rock bottom' posts I see here...I guess only you can answer whether you feel there needs to be a catalyst in order to take action.
Sounds like a tough spot.  Hang in there...  
That sucks.  I'm truly sorry PB.  For what little it's worth I used to drink to quiet that voice; the internal one that tells us what's right.  I never know what to do if both answers would be 'right'.  You're an inspiration to me and have been one in here for a while.  If there is a 'right's answer I'm sure you'll find it.  I hope you find the peace you deserve.  Truly.
I'm sorry you're going through this. No advice just a virtual hug.
I'm so sorry that you're going through this. I can only say that I admire your strength and determination - you are truly an inspiration! Sending you a warm hug and positive thoughts :) xo!
SO and I share the same "sobriety" date from alcohol however he chose not to walk the true recovery path with me ( AA CR counseling therapy) and has tried to quell his pain with legally prescribed pain meds muscle relaxers sleep meds. I've matured gotten physically fit grown up while he is still ranting and stuck with an alcoholic's mind-- a "dry drunk." Like you we've been together for over 30 years and it's been extremely painful for me to watch him continue to suffer. He's recently started seeing a therapist. I'm hoping for the best but.... All I can do is not drink today and continue my recovery from addiction and codependency. Best wishes for you and us!
