-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60ggio/any_words_of_advice/

Hi..I've never posted on a forum or been to AA but I am in real need of some support. I am in tears as I type this because I am admitting I have a problem but it makes me more scared and feel more pathetic. It's also making it hard to see! ..I'm happily married lovely life no problems. I have drunk on average 60 - 80 units a week every year for the past 40 years sometimes much more rarely less. Mostly wine. ..I love drinking it makes me happy apart from the fear of the health consequences and the thought of having to stop is terrifying. I have tried so very very many times to cut down control it - sometimes it lasts a few months but never longer - in the mornings I am full of resolve and determination and common sense but by the afternoon the argument starts up in my head and I spend hours feeling so miserable because it's a no-win situation if I give in and drink I will feel so bad later but if I don't drink I will feel miserable and agitated until I go to bed. ..My father and sister both died because of alcohol so it seems to be in the family - unsurprisingly my body is showing signs of not coping and I am 100% certain I will die because of it sooner rather than later the life I have lived. I don't want to die I accept I have shaved off many years because of my drinking and I can't change that but I don't want to die as soon as I am going to if I don't seriously change my behaviour...I accept there is something VERY WRONG with me and I am just so sick and tired of it all. But I don't want to stop. I want to do the impossible and control myself - why is that so hard to do? I should be able to do it it's pathetic that I struggle. There are people with such serious problems in their lives that they have no control over and here I am bleating on for help when all I have to do is grow up and show some willpower. Boo hoo I can't have a bottle of wine poor me...It's insidious the way my brain tricks me - having just written this explosion of emotion it now is telling me to calm down my problem isn't that bad of COURSE I can control my drinking I just need to try harder no need to panic let alone think about giving up blah blah blah. It knows that is what I want to hear and that way I will continue to drink...I only found this forum this morning and the posts I have seen all seem to be from people who have stopped - I know you will all be thinking I am an idiot but I so want to just try and control it and maybe if I had some support I can? My husband is wonderful but I need some help from someone who understands how hard this is...Sorry this is so jumbled and rambling. Re-reading it makes me feel very ashamed and has already made me see how much I need to just shut up and get on with it. Seriously how hard can it be to say no to drinking a few days of the week?..Please can someone help?
----------immediate responses--------

I've seen it posted so many times.  "When I controlled it I couldn't enjoy it when I enjoyed it I couldn't control it."  What I did was start by setting myself a challenge to not drink at all for 30 days. It allowed me to see exactly how much I depended on alcohol to deal with life.  I ended up extending it and though I've had a couple slips I can see that my life is so much better without the daily infusions of poison.  .Please don't feel embarrassed or ashamed that you came here asking for help.  We will be here whenever you need us.  .A note however:  if you have been drinking consistently for so long it may be dangerous to stop or drastically reduce your intake suddenly.  I would heartily recommend talking to your doctor and being honest about how much and how often you are drinking.  Withdrawal can be deadly be safe.
Thanks for taking the time to reply Bskinz I really appreciate it. I do feel very alone which in a way I am because no-one can do this for me I have to do it myself.
There is nothing shameful or pathetic about your struggle.  Admitting the problem and seeking help take great strength and courage!..Someone below also suggested it as well.  Your consumption levels and frequency indicate that you should **consult a medical doctor** and be completely candid with him or her before stopping.  ..&gt;Seriously how hard can it be to say no to drinking a few days of the week?..For me it was impossible at least without outside help.  It became possible once I had the supportive pieces in place.  Detox therapy AA this site etc...I wish you the best!
Thanks 3xducharme and congratulations on your success!.To clarify I do try to have several days off a week and have on occasions stopped for a month to give my system a break. I always end up back in the same place though..I have asked different GPs over the years for help and been given none - I wish I did have an understanding doctor but I take your point and you are quite right.
I think most of us were where you are right now on your journey.  The good news is that it is possible to get through this thing and reap all the benefits that sobriety brings.  In my early days I read everything I could get my hands on about not drinking - most of it I found here on SD.  Check out the FAQ on the sidebar and feel free to post here with any questions or updates on how you're doing.  I've found this to be the best online community of people I've ever come across.  You really can do this thing - even if right now it seems impossible.  I felt that same way 4 months ago but here I am - still standing.
Thanks Thinkingaboutstuff2 - I have just looked at the Sunday Solutions and it's really good to read how others are (were!) in the same boat. I think SD is going to help me take my first steps towards a dry/drier/ future. Glad I found it.
