-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60proo/im_catching_myself_fantasizing_about_becoming_a/

I'll have 7 months sober next week. ..I've really accepted the fact that I can't have just one drink. Nor do I have any desire to drink. I'm completely done with the stuff...But I'm struggling to put my program first. The thought crossed my mind this weekend that no one is forcing me to go to all these meetings. If I wanted I could stop going to my 3 weekly meetings. Fortunately I have commitments at two of them so I keep showing up. I'm even planning to attend two meetings on my week-long vacation on a remote island. ..Sometimes I wish I could just take a break from recovery and focus on my other goals like the gym and getting a better job. Sometimes I just want to go home after a long day at work and not go to a meeting. ..Has anyone else fantasized about being a dry drunk? Is this something I should talk to my sponsor about?
----------immediate responses--------

I do not even know what a dry drunk is. Certainly I do not believe not going to meetings would make me one ---- I figure I can do what I want if I do not drink ..... going to the gym and getting a better job sound like great goals to me...I go to online Smart and AA meets hang arround in SD chat and study alot. But that is just me...Whatever you decide I wish you well.
I don't think not going to as many meetings makes someone a dry drunk. I think Recovery takes lots of shapes and sizes. The important thing is not to drink and to work on yourself whatever that means to you. 
Imo the term "dry drunk" is a state of mind.  There are plenty of people on this site who don't go to meetings and from the comments they post I would not consider them dry drunks.  I didn't join AA to have it become my life I joined it to learn how to live My life free from alcohol.  Not everyone feels the same as I do.  Not my problem.  If my body needs rest I take it but I try not to avoid things for the wrong reasons.  I keep my commitments but also avoid taking on more than I can handle because that is unhealthy too.
It doesn't mean I'm a dry drunk if I don't go to meetings. I only go on occasion and am a happy sober recovering alcoholic. I can never take a break from recovery but I can take a break from meetings if I choose to do so. Of course you should talk to your sponsor. I'm wondering if you've worked the steps. Doing this enriched my life and I had no notion of ever being a "dry drunk". ..I think you misunderstand what the term means. It is someone who isn't drinking but continues with the same bad attitude they had when they were drinking. It means not drinking but not changing anything else--no personal growth. 
The "dry drunk" concept is one of many many beliefs that AA holds that makes me steer well clear of it. If you feel that AA is essential to keeping you sober then by all means keep going to as many meetings as you need. But do not let any of your groups the Big Book or any of your personal interpretations of AA's philosophy devalue your sobriety just because you aren't going to meetings...You got sober for yourself not for the people in the program. If you aren't accomplishing your fitness goals or getting the new job you want because you are spending time at meetings instead then in a way you are still beholden to alcohol.
Dude my program is going to the gym and working towards a better job. I consistently do things to improve myself on a daily basis. Havig said that it may include going to a meeting if needed. It may include meditating learning cleaning the house or flossing. What I dont want to do is just sit around feeling sorry for myself because I cant drink. I create my happiness from within by doing things that not only dont harm me (like drinking) but help me achieve what I want from life.
