-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60umc2/my_body_hurts/

It's time to stop for me I mean properly stop. I keep having relapses and end up falling into the same pit of despair but now I truly need help and to stop. My body hurts all over I routinely catch colds and other illnesses due to my immune system being a total mess right now. ..The added stress from work and home doesn't help my parents do not believe me that I have a problem and when my own parents who are meant to be supportive of their children just fob me off thats the ultimate kick to the teeth for me. ..And because of that I'm not gonna stop for them I'm gonna stop for me as of now I will not drink with any of you not today not tomorrow not ever. Thanks for listening guys.
----------immediate responses--------

like you i couldn't stop stop for others it had to be for myself.  and i do it one day at a time.  i'll worry about tomorrow when it arrives.  i couldn't do it alone.  i needed real life connection with others in recovery and i found that and more in alcoholics anonymous. 
Do it for you! I will not drink with you today.
Yeah buddy. as my boy the Dali llama says change comes from within. Be the ball Danny. Don't do it for them. Do it for you. The first 7 days are rough but its all about habits. drop the bad ones add new good ones. We are here with you. (on the internet) :-)
Welcome and I will not drink with you today!
You have to do it for you.  I will not drink with you today!
I got every virus and illness this year. It was a wake up call for me too.  The consistent poisoning and recovering was all my body could manage. I have been feeling so much better with proper sleep and taking it day by day. I won't drink with you today. 
I'm right with you and I'm not drinking with you today.
Lets not have a drink. 
I kept trying to stop for everyone else but myself. 7 days ago I stopped for myself. I'm not drinking with you today!
Everything gets better when you stop.  Not that it's easy but in the scheme of things -- life improves a little bit every day. 
