-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60xlr3/its_been_two_days_and_i_feel_like_a_different/

So I've been reading posts on this subreddit for about an hour now and it has truly been the nail in the coffin for my drinking habit. ..I'm 23 almost 24 now and for the past 2 years I've felt like I'm 34. I drink an entire bottle of wine or a 12 pack every night and sometimes more during the day before I go into work. No I've never been caught drunk but I'm sure someone has noticed. ..This past Sunday night I was drunk feeling pretty good and was up late as always. I went to the bathroom and walked by the mirror and something just came over me. I felt so much despair and hatred towards myself. I stopped and took my shirt off got real close to the mirror and just looked at myself. I'm overweight no energy to do anything and always drunk. ..I never thought I would get here. Never considered I had a problem. Until this past Sunday and it really hit me. My wife and I have started getting up at 6am and running and doing exercises around our work schedule during the day. I had a few beers Monday and last night. I DO feel much better but there was still something there and I didn't feel like I had made that leap to become healthier. ..Then I found this subreddit. You people are amazing and inspiring. Its so great seeing that I'm not by myself on this and there are other people that really struggle and even more that didn't realize they were struggling until they stopped. I'm definitely not as bad off as some and I feel very lucky I found this place and can be a part of something...Thank you all and good luck to you. I don't really care if anyone reads this I know its stupid long now but I just had to post this and say that as of today I am going sober!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're here! Please do let us know how you get along.
&gt; I've felt like I'm 34..As if thirty four is really old!!  ..I'm so glad you're here! Welcome. I will not drink with you today! 
Glad you are here CouchLion. Its not easy but you can do this sounds like your wife supports you too which will be a great help for you...Keep posting will be good to hear more from you. Just take it day at a time. Good luck.
