-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60zm8f/i_made_it_38_days/

Hey sd.  I've lurked around here for the last few months.  I had been thinking that perhaps I should stop drinking for a while now.  I'm not a raging alcoholic however I do tend to drink nearly every night if I have alcohol in the house.  I don't get completely wasted.  I do drink enough so that I feel it...I had been considering stopping as a new years resolution.  I then got 12 bottle of wine for Christmas from my wife.  I didn't turn the wine down.  I'd thought several times over the previous years that perhaps I should stop drinking.  It has a lot of calories that I don't need and I also have multiple bad examples of the effects alcohol has had on my family.  I've often considered my family members alcohol abuse in an effort to ensure that alcohol doesn't get a strong grip on my life...I'm fairly proud to have made it to 38 days.  There was more than one occasion where I nearly broke down.  I went to the grocery store to get some medicine for my wife.  I stared at the wine section for what felt like forever but probably was about a minute or two in all actuality.  I don't want to struggle with that.  It seemed to get easier over the last couple of weeks.  In the past I'd fail to turn down alcohol if my wife asked if I wanted some while at the store.  I didn't communicate to her that I was considering quitting so she wasn't exactly acting as an enabler.  With that said I'm fairly certain telling her that I was intentionally abstaining from drinking made it easier as I didn't have to turn it down.  She was proud of me for not drinking...So last night I went out to eat with my boss.  I haven't discussed this with him as I don't want to appear weak or give an indication that I have a substance abuse problem.  I ordered two jack daniels on the rocks.  I didn't get drunk but I didn't turn it down.  I'm somewhat disappointed that I have to reset my timer.  I feel slightly better that I didn't drink alone.  I'm not sure if drinking socially is something that I can do.  I don't feel like  I need a drink this evening.  I did feel like I could go get more alcohol last night and continue my alcohol buzz right up until I went to sleep.  That is what I need to get away from.  ..That's all I really have to say for now.  I'm going to bed.
----------immediate responses--------

