-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6129s7/ive_been_in_this_hole_before/

I'm giving up drinking. Again. How many times have I said those 5 words? How many times have I failed? I feel powerless to alcohol and I feel pathetic...So for those of you who relapsed and quit again and finally got it to stick- how did you get out of the hole?..I'm scared about the decisions I make when I drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Saying those five words again and again? Most powerful least pathetic thing you can do friend. You've just got to focus on the 24 hours ahead of you. Nothing less nothing more. Easier said than done I know but it works. Stay totally away from the stuff for a while. Don't watch other people drink don't hang out with them. Find other things to fill your time. Exercise read make fancy coffees spend time with the people you care about or even just netflix. You've got this. Doesn't matter how long it takes. It took me a year of denial and failed attempts to have this long but I'm glad I did it. I won't drink with you today. 
i need real life connection with others in recovery to provide hope.   real life connection is also important to combat the loneliness and isolation i experienced towards the end of my drinking.  for me meetings of alcoholics anonymous provided the solution to this.  
I know those 5 words well utter them a few times a week. I also make horrible decisions when vodka takes over. Im currently about 34 hours sober the withdrawal has been hell I just hope not drinking sticks this time
I hang around in SD go to online Smart Meets do a lot of reading. Dennis Healey was a Minister in the UK Government and he developed the first Law of Holes. "When you are in one stop digging". For me stopping drinking fitted that bill. Now I can concentrate on staying stopped. I may never be able to solve my hole life problem. But I find that when I stay stopped the problem changes and appears more manageable. Also if I wake up without a hangover --- the world looks and feels different to me...Failing several times to stay stopped said nothing about me. It was just not staying stopped drinking. That did not make me weak or powerless any more than failing a maths test made me stupid. (I retook the test and passed it.) The same as failing my driving test meant I could never drive because I was incompetent (I took more lessons and another test and now I drive)...So it is with not drinking --- with practise and experience and research I found out what works for me to stay stopped drinking. And staying stopped for me is a big achievement of which I am proud...Good luck.
I remind myself that alcohol is a degenerative disease that will fucking kill me eventually.  I remind myself of how happy I am and how much easier life is when I am sober.  I don't dwell on the past in a negative way and I am not critical for myself for slipping up before but I choose not to forget it.  Detach emotionally for the sake of analyzing your behavior not to hide and then I keep making the decision to trust that something good in this world wants me to succeed.  And then I go to bed and do it all over again every day.
I understand. I have felt the same way. Again and again I tried and failed. It was so ridiculously discouraging and I DID feel powerless. Then I took it a day at a time sometimes one minute at a time. I told myself that I could do this instead of telling myself I couldn't. Every time I got a craving I meditated and visualized myself sober. I set up evenings ahead of time to avoid drinking....yoga going to movies going for walks. When I meditated I visualized myself sober. I began turning around my perception of myself. I read The Naked Mind which really helped shift my mindset. But to be honest I think I was finally able to stop because I got THAT scared. I also have an arrogant side to my personality and I was pissed off that I was letting alcohol get the better of me and I wanted to show it that I was boss...Every little thing that we can do helps. Even when we keep failing we learn something about ourselves. And even when we are in the pit of despair there is always hope. ...
[removed]
I used SD whenever I had a craving I'd browse the sub.  It helped to read about other people experiencing the same things and it took my mind off of it long enough to pass.  As far as not picking up a drink I remind myself to never forget how it felt to feel physically sick all the time.  I hope someone can give you an answer your looking for but I know you can do it regardless.  I won't drink with you today.
No one's said it here yet but AA. I couldn't have done it alone or without guidance and a new direction to take in life. I've even relapsed here and there but it's nothing compared to the way it was before I had a support system.
It's ok I've been here before and I know how to get out this time. :)
So two things were said to me when I was newly sober:."You don't ever have to feel this way again if you don't want to" and "We just don't drink- no matter what."..I know it's not as simple as that sometimes but I needed to know that there was a way out of this and that other people had done it before me.  And they were *happy*. This is what attracted me to keep going to meetings and doing what was suggested... and doing those two things (going to meetings and taking suggestions) one day at a time allowed me the way out that I think you might be wanting.  ..I had tried to stop on my own a few times before I went to AA and it never lasted longer than 60 days - if that and I'd be right back at it again.  Having a program has given me a design for living where I don't have the need or the want to pick up *at all*.  I hope you find that. We are here for you!
I told people around me about my problem.  Previously I tried to hide it because I didn't want the shame.  Sure people know I sometimes drink too much but they don't know I am a sad weak drunk.  Well the only sad part was that I would fail because it was easy when no one knew I was trying not to drink.  One weak moment on my own was enough to lose it for weeks or months...But now I can talk to people I can call people.  That gets me through a 10 minute rough patch that would have ended my run before.  And as I go on that is really all it is.  A few weak moments throughout the week.  A little help with those moments and I feel like I am coasting right along in my recovery.
Getting out of the hole: 1: Don't be to hard on yourself alcohol is a class A drug that messes with your body and mind big-time. You may feel depressed as fuck now but guess what that will pass!! 2: Fill yourself up with some fruit &amp; veg. Gross? Fuck yeah but you will feel great after. I'm thinking buy as much as you can and make a smoothy. 3: Lie down and watch a film sleep as much as you want. These first few days you don't want any distractions. Rest my friend. Voila that's it from me go get em son
Can't even count how many times I have fallen off the wagon. Every time I do I learn something new about how to recover. I add new tools to my recovery toolbox and ditch the tools that didn't work. You haven't failed as long as you keep coming back. Keep up the good fight. I won't drink with you today. 
Thank you everyone on this post. You've been an amazing support to me already...I had to go to a work event this evening with a few people who give me massive social anxiety. Meaning my instinct would be to hit the bar...and hit the bar...and hit the bar... and I think you get my point...Instead I confided in my best friend who kept me in check and I stuck to lime and soda. I had the anxiety but because she knew what was happening she helped me get through it without drink. Got to talk to a few good people and then we went and got arancini. I know it wasn't wise on my first day of sobriety to go to a bar but as it was work- sort of unavoidable. ..I feel like I can do it this time. Like I can achieve what I must in order to be healthy. And get better...Also I read the pamphlet in my antidepressants box and it clearly states you shouldn't drink with them so feel angry with myself for being so reckless.
I quit smoking a million times until the last time which was 7 years ago. ..Never give up.  Why?  Because you do learn something each time...I learned there is only one way out of the trap and that's right up the middle.  ..Keep it out of your blood and you will be free.  Then one day you WILL realize that you don't miss it...In this moment from this distance you will understand that you were addicted and what that means.  The chemical addiction makes you think you want it but you don't.
I realized that slowly killing myself to escape life.. Well that's no life at all. Instead of remembering the good things about alcohol I forced myself to remember all the shit things I had done on alcohol. I relapsed multiple times but this time I think it'll stick. And I know you have the power to make it work for you too. Just use this support system or whatever support system you have and know it's not the number of times you failed it's about the one time you don't. 
