-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/612e02/a_word_on_aa_for_new_people/

I've seen a lot of talk in this subreddit regarding AA over my time here. One thing I see a lot is people who have never been to AA asking about the experience and a lot of people chime in that it's like a "cult" and that its way too spiritual and full of god talk. ..I would just like to say that the level of that stuff that you will find depends entirely on the group you go to. When I was doing my best at not drinking I was hitting three groups per week and the words "god" "faith" "spirituality" and such are never used in the groups I go to. Granted ALL groups do the serenity prayer that's a given you can find groups that don't talk about all the faith stuff. You may also find some serious weirdo's at certain groups. It's trial and error. ..The groups I hit are majority 18-35 y/o's and the people are there to talk about drinking and addiction and the struggle we share. It's no different than this subreddit. ..What got me to go was that my plan to quit drinking wasn't working and I wasn't reaching my goal. I had to try something new. Granted I'm back on day 2. I went to AA last night and I sure as hell didn't have a drink afterwards. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man I loved AA. I live in a seriously small town though and one of the members started following me around and I can't encourage that. It seriously freaked me out. So stopdrinking it is! 
Every AA meeting I went to they read out Chapter 5 which very clearly says that I am personally powerless over weather I drink alcohol or not and only God can save me:.."The 3 pertinent ideas" ..... read out at every meeting...Well I am not powerless over weather I drink alcohol or not and no one has proved to me that God exists.  So it is quite clear to me that they are talking about faith.
This is kind of a problem I have.  I don't want to attend AA meetings anyway but the higher power stuff just turns me off to it at all.  I installed a few apps and I'm getting inspirational quotes that are bible verses and reading things about how I am powerless over alcohol.  So off-putting.  For me this is a private thing.  My life didn't spin out of control but I know I have a problem.  This is not necessarily anything I need to share with anyone.  As with all things in my life once I identify a problem I work towards fixing it.  I'm not balled up with shame.  ..I've seen AA and that kind of way of going about it help people immensely.  It's just not for me personally.  
[removed]
AA worked for me. Looking back at it I was desperate enough to give up my fight over whether or not there was a higher power. I just wanted to quit drinking!
AA saved my life.. .Then it helped me CHANGE my life. ..THEN it helped me LIVE my life. ...But when I started doing AA seriously I was pretty much at a place where I could no longer do what I was doing..And ever more - I was ashamed at how I acted. (even without alcohol) ....I agree. It's not for everyone..But I was (and still pretty much am) agnostic..With the help of a Sponsor we found a way to interpret and apply spirituality instead of religion in a way that worked for me...And for me it worked so well that if I don't drink before April 1st I will celebrate 22 years sober.   ../u/Cheesus_Chrisp - congrats on your 2 days sober.    .2 days sober is 2 days more than some people.  .(including one family member of mine that I pray for daily in hopes someday he too will walk a path that includes sobriety.) .
AA is a way to get and stay sober.  It is not THE way.    Clearly states in the AA book if something else works for you all well &amp; good.   I tried many ways and couldn't stay stopped.  Sometimes you'll hear as much shit in an AA meeting as you'll hear in your local bar.  I take what I can and leave the rest.  Go to atheist meetings if the God thing bothers you.  If someone harrasses you...tell them to fuck off.
I'm from a small town and the gawd talk was unbearable. And saying the Lord's Prayer at the end of every meeting (I call major B.S. on that--it's not vague like the serenity prayer -- it's straight up Christian. Way to alienate Jewish or Muslim or Sikh members). It's entirely possible I would have found a good group in a big city but I'm much happier with Refuge Recovery's philosophy anyway.
Can't stand AA. But I'm glad I went to find out for myself and not just take someone else's word for it. And it doesn't do me any favors thinking it's not my attitude at fault.
I live in the bluest-blue liberal city you possibly can in this country and the God/Spiritual side of the program is really your own business. ..There's literally a group that meets once a week that call themselves devil worshipers because they cut all that stuff out. ..I did a 90/90 and that was more like a 180/90 and discovered so many different groups- one was all engineers &amp; PHD's another groups founders had all met in prison and a lot inbetween. ..In the end- I have 1 group I consider my home group and its great. I don't do sponsors or steps except the first one. Granted I relapsed many times....but I'm on good footing now. 
Thanks for this. I've not been to any meetings and I feel like I'm doing okay on my own. I do get sort of lonely as none of my friends identify as an alcoholic even the ones that don't drink anymore. I've thought about going. There's an Agnostic meeting that happens nearby maybe I'll check it out. 
I did AA multiple times...I did the 90 meeting in 90 days (More like I did about 110 since I went to multiple a day 1st 2 weeks) And got a sponsor read the book did the steps...I gave it my all. AA was not  for me...I tell people who have not been to AA and are trying to get sober to try it at least once for several meetings. And if they relapse try again...However the 7 US courts federal courts all ruled separately that AA does promote a specific religion and does violate the US Constitution (If you are ordered by the court to attend) specifically the Establishment Clause...Also when people say that AA saved their life they are the lucky ones because AA has a proven success rate of only 5 to 10 percent. Which means AA failed 90 to 95 percent of everyone else. ..Every year thousands upon thousand of people get sober without AA. There is a technical term it is called spontaneous remission. The success rate of someone staying sober for 1 year when they do the spontaneous remission rout is 4.8 to 8.8% success rate. Where AA is 5 to 10 percent. Virtually identical. Which is interesting in itself because you can then make the argument that the succss rate in AA really has nothing to do with the program since the people who stayed sober for 1 year would have probably done it anyways without AA since the rate of success for people outside AA is the same. But proving that hypothesis is pretty much impossible. ..The only thing that pisses me off about AA is that I have seen more than 3 posts on here since the time I have been reading this sub-reddi where people report going to AA and being told they will FAIL if they don't use the AA program. That is 100% factually wrong. Not only is it wrong it is irresposnsible because you are telling someone who is looking for help that they are helpless because they won't listen to your way. That is why people say AA is cult like. Because of bullshit like that...Anyways I have written enough.....
The twelve steps themselves are pretty thick with the religious language(God capital G pronoun Him/His prayer) and the Big Book which I read in detox because there was no other reading material gets incredibly religious at times.  This makes it difficult in a country like the United States where the majority of the population holds some form of religious belief for these meetings not to become religious in nature even if there is a disclaimer nowadays that God(capital G pronoun Him/His) can be any higher power of your choosing.  This combined with the "recovery jargon" truisms and catch phrases of the group which do seem kind of groupthink-ish after the 40th or 50th time you've heard them repeated are where people get the idea that AA is similar to a cult.
Is there anything besides AA? I am an atheist and the god-bothering bugs me a lot. I also really don't like touchy-feely groups. I quit drinking. I don't need a hug. I just maybe need someone to talk to about it once in a while (maybe this sub is enough I don't know yet). I pretty much just want somewhere to go and be snarky and get snarky support in return. 
AA is like most things in life. What you get out of it depends largely on what you put into it. And you will usually find what we're looking for good or bad. I've been around AA for more 20 years and I've been to thousands of meetings in many different cities. No 2 are exactly the same and it's the people that make the difference. Find like-minded people and help each other stay sober. That's it. ..Did you know you can even start your own meeting? Tradition 3: any 2 or 3 gathered for the purpose of sobriety can call themselves an AA group. A pot of coffee a big book and a desire to stay sober is all you need. Heck the first two are even optional :) ..Cheers and good luck. I'll stay sober with you today. ..
I used to go to AA and I plan on attending again. I was able to overlook the talk of God and the reciting of the Lord's prayer because it was important to me to find a group of people that could relate and shared my struggles. AA isn't for everyone but I encourage everyone to try a few different meetings and different groups to see if there's one that feels right for you. 
I'm in a west coast very secular city and every time a step 2 discussion comes up every other share is about how people have trouble with the concept of God etc etc. Some grizzled old timer with 28 years the other day said something that really stuck with me: "This idea that you can will yourself into belief in God is a load of crap. If you can't find God find a cause"..Basically just don't make it about *you*.
I appreciate this post. I'm chiming in only because I found something very different. I was in a 28 day rehab several years ago in one of the biggest US cities. Part of the program was attending a different meeting every single day. Presumably the goal was to give clientele a feeling for the supposed breadth of AA meetings. ..I am not an atheist and would not even necessarily call myself an agnostic. I am a Buddhist and so like other posters here it would be a big violation of something sacred to even so much as speak ill of another faith. For that matter I happen to really love the Lords Prayer and take a great deal of comfort in it. No doubt my spiritual life is a big part of my current sobriety. I just don't want that irrevocably mixed up in the things I do and places I go to stay sober. Only a personal preference. ..I did find at every single meeting either explicit proselytizing or awkward semantic attempts to cloak or rephrase certain Judeo-Christian terms and concepts that AA IMHO depends on in order to make sense at all. ..I dont actually think there's any problem with that. ..I actually feel like if AA described itself as a "faith-based recovery program" almost all my misgivings would dissolve. I don't see anything wrong with that - people clearly often derive a great deal from spirit - but I worry very much about vulnerable desperate people being told not to trust their own thinking in the context of a relatively strong or maybe dogmatic set of ideas. And I worry very much about the sponsorship model which although it is probably most often harmless has a certain degree of risk due to the lack of a clear screening process...I'm happy for anyone and everyone who is successful maintaining abstinence. Assuredly this includes people who do AA. I just think there's a very great many people who just knew or decided it was not for them too.
I love my AA homegroup. Owe my sobriety to it.
You can use your own conception of a higher power. That's it. As long as you are not playing that role. Over time and more sobriety my perspective changed. Clear away the alcoholic fog. Something was working in these people. Who normally would not mix. A group of people who survived a tragic event. I go to AA. I felt the same way you feel. I found that after my ego was rightsized I could walk in to the rooms of AA and enjoy the fellowship.
AA helped me get sober but focusing on alcoholism and putting it under a constant microscope was not helping me stay sober. I had to stop going to AA because I found myself rationalizing relapse more often than when I just tried to live my life. I've been sober almost a year haven't been to AA for months. They were the door for me but not the entirety of the house which I had to build myself in a way.
I go to the Agnostic and Freethinkers AA meetings and they just skip over the god stuff that scared me away from the original program in the first place. I highly recommend it.
I'm one of those guys you're talking about. I have a few friends who were helped by AA and one who I would even say it saved her life. (Or at least kept her life from deteriorating into one not worth living.) ..On the other I also have three friends who went to AA and quit relatively quickly because they found it too 'culty'. It's worth noting that none of these guys have ever met each other. In each case it wasn't the God stuff that they found cult-like; it was the tendency of some groups/members to encourage members to shun enablers (rather than confronting how they the addict had taken advantage of them) to imply that friends made while drinking were relationships that only revolved around alcohol (and to break off those relationships) and that AA was the only true form of sobriety (despite the fact that several passages in the Big Book state explicitly the opposite.)..So I guess I've seen it go both ways. My personal reason for avoiding AA is pretty straightforward. I have no desire to meet people I have no initial connection with other than the fact that we both struggle with alcohol. If I need to take stock of my own sobriety compare my own journey in sobriety to others ask a question about sobriety or be reassured in the fact that other people have the same struggle as me I can make a quick visit to this sub and then be about my day. No reason to spend  hours in a church basement talking about something I'm seeking to eliminate from my life entirely. And finally as others have said I'm NOT powerless over alcohol as the last month of my life has clearly demonstrated.
Ya maybe yes maybe no..Bill W originally wrote the steps to not include "as I understand him" in the 3rd and 11th. But that was like 1930 something bro..Those words allow for near universal adoption of folks seeking another day regardless of religion ..Believe me as a buddhist it uses to make my skin crawl to hear folks go on about their personal relationship with JC. But i got over it and learned how to listen for the commonalities and not the differences in ppls messages/stories
I went to my first meeting tonight and I am a through and through atheist. .. They said a prayer at the start and end with one or two minor references to God during someones story. I am fine with that level of faith the serenity prayer always made a ton of sense to me anyways. My grandmother had it on the wall by the front door and I must have read it in part a thousand times... I guess it never sunk in though :)..
There are definitely some AA meetings that are geared towards Atheists/Agnostics.  I go to some in the Philadelphia region which are listed [here](http://www.aasepia.org/meetings/?tsml-day=any&amp;tsml-type=A)...They're still fairly rare but I know New York has a bunch.  I would suggest anybody that is struggling with this aspect of AA to look for a similar meeting in their area.
It is for some people and other people it is not. Just have to try it and see.
