-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/613eql/starting_over/

So after about 3.5 years of continuous sobriety I started to convince myself I had this thing kicked. I got complacent. Stopped reading stories here on SD. Haven't been to a meeting in 2 years. Convinced myself I had outgrown this terrible disease. About a month ago I took my first drink in a long long time. That night one drink was fine furthering my belief that I was at a place where I could drink responsibly. A night or two later it was 3 drinks. Didn't drink the next day. Things continued to get progressively worse until last night. I drank too much passed out on the couch and pissed all over it in my sleep. My wife who at this point didn't know I was drinking was perplexed but she knew what really happened. I had been discovered. I was right where I left off June 3 2013. Now I am at risk of losing the love of my life my 2 beautiful daughters and my house. So my entire world basically...I wanted so desperately to be "normal" and to be able to drink responsibly. I let my stinking thinking build up justifications over time. I took that first drink a month ago but the relapse started well before that. When I first started to have those thoughts creep I'm I should have hit a meeting. I should have talked to someone about it. I should have posted here and read stories written here by people like me. Hindsight is 20/20 but I write this so that maybe someone else reads these words in time to make a difference...I am powerless over alcohol and my life is unmanageable. I am an alcoholic and will always be one. This disease doesn't go away. It will look for the slightest opening to fight it's way back in. Today is day 1 and I will NOT drink today. Hitting a meeting after work. I pray that my family is at home when I get there. ..Reset my badge please...Edit: My family is still here. I've lost some trust and the relationship with the wife is strained but I am praying we will make it through. Went to a meeting shared my story got a sponsor and several numbers from like minded individuals. Tomorrow is a new day and a new opportunity to commit to not drinking. One day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

thank you for posting this...as bad as you feel you know you can do it. you have done it. you just need to start doing it again.
You can do this. You have 3.5 years under your belt and nothing takes that away the most important thing is you could have let this relapse last months/years/decades but you haven't. You have gotten straight back to work knowing what you need to do and not feeling sorry for yourself about any of it. That takes guts!..I hope you can pick yourself up and not feel too bad. Your family love you and if they see you trying then they will be proud of you...Stay strong and keep fighting.
First day of your road to beat your record!
Hey man I really hope things work out with your wife. I hope she understands that it is a disease and your thinking about the whole thing like you described in your post. Don't be to hard on yourself 35 years is a really nice streak. It does creep up on you it does tell you maybe you will be fine this time around. But I do believe people should be understanding if you fall of the wagon. Day 1 again like you say. Time heals all wounds. 
So sorry to hear that things went badly for you.  I hope that you and your wife can find your way back to that better place.  I really do...I really appreciate your looking at where your relapse sprang from and taking the time to share it here.  I know (hope) that I'll remember this should I ever think that I'm "cured" of this condition.  Good luck m'friend!.
Thank you for posting and congrats for being honest.  I actually just came here looking for some kind of motivation to keep doing the work even though it feels like I know what I'm doing now.  Keep posting!  I'm going to start reading more often.  This thing is a lifetime thing. (Haha I'm so eloquent at 6:30 a.m.)
These are the type of posts that keep me coming back daily..Best to you I hope things are okay with your family.
Thank you so much for posting. I think this need to be "normal" is the biggest threat to my sobriety. I can relate to those thoughts. Posts like this is what keeps me sober. 
Thank you for posting this. I'm in the early stage of not drinking (4 weeks) and this is a reminder for me to just keep with it and not do what I usually do (quit for 3 months and think I'm fine to drink again). As someone else commented this is a lifetime thing and it's about changing lifestyle. 
Thank you for sharing this and I'm glad your back. I've heard it since the beginning: you plan your first drink far before you ever take it. This is a reminder. Thank you.
Welcome back 
Glad you came back so soon and thank you for sharing! 
This is what scares me about my disease.  Thank you for posting.
Perhaps my comment won't be popular but my drinking troubles have been similar to yours. I've tried it all stayed sober for really long periods of time but that feeling always creeps back...So Monday I saw my primary care physician.  I'd done some reading about a drug called naltrexone that's supposed to help with alchohol cravings.  I'd done internet research and learned about the Sinclair Method which involves taking the pill before you drink.  Naltrexone is an opioid blocker so it's supposed to block that rush of dopamine that makes drinking feel so good.  This idea makes a ton of sense to me...So I'm not a naltrexone fanboy or anything.  I don't see this psychiatrist until April 14th and haven't yet been prescribed the drug.  But I'm hoping it helps me - like it's helped a lot of folks reportedly - because it seems like it's the cravings that always get me in the end no matter what I try...I wish you luck! ..  
Thanks for posting. I'm have a similar amount of time  so this hit me in a good way. Thanks again and keep working your recovery!
Thanks for sharing and reminding us all that whether you have 3.5 weeks 3.5 months or 3.5 years we are still fighting this illness one day at a time. The need to remain vigilant is constant. Take care sending you positive thoughts.
Wow life can be crazy to us. Now that you had this reality check you can move forward stronger than before!
thank you for your share. ..My brother did the same thing and he is not 'back' yet...because of that my mind has been eating away at my resolve to stay sober......I had a crappy day a crappy week and a crappy month. thankfully i am still not drinking  but it sure has been rough...I will not drink with you my friend!..You are amazing...you got this you learned so much in your 3.5 years and nothing can take that away...
I just want to say I read your entire post. I've heard you. 
Very similar story here. I was sober for 5 years then on the day after finals at my university I thought I could drink and have a good time like all the other students. It took me over 10 years to crawl out of the dark pit created by that stupid decision.  I'll read SD forever looking for stories like yours to remind me of that exactly.  
I'm not drinking with you today. 3.5 years of experience under the hood you know what to do and how to do it. You got this. We're here for you. 
Thanks so much for posting this - one day at a time. Good luck with your family.
Love that edit! Thanks for the reminder and reinforcing my decisions to continue doing what I have done. I have to admit that I have my questionable moments and don't always share them but I eventually do when talking with my sponsor... which reminds me... gotta call him today! Glad you made it back. So glad you shared this aspect of your recovery... it took me 17 years to make it back... glad you didn't wait as long as some of us do. Thanks!
Your bravery is an inspiration. .It takes a lot of guts and will to open up and admit to what you are admitting to. Your post makes me imagine you as someone who is grounded has great self knowledge and knows where he needs to go. Those are the tools...I only hope that you don't write off 3.5 years of sobriety because of a relapse. It may be the relapse is part of your journey and learning some more about yourself. ..It's one lost battle in a war that you seem to be winning. You're back on your own front line aren't you?.You know your enemy. how it works how it deceives..You know the consequences of defeat and the joys of a lengthy victory..You know how to fight it and where to find re-enforcements when the fight gets tough..If you ever need some support- I'm one of the 62416 troops here that will not drink with you today.
