-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6143zz/how_i_got_exercising_and_how_i_got_exercising/

I posted this a while back but I posted it as prescriptive advice instead of posting about myself and my journey (my bad I was a N00b here)...I wanted to share a couple thoughts which have helped me when I was struggling to get moving - which has been often in my life. .For context I used to weigh 60lbs more than I do now and wouldn't have been surprised if I went for a jog and sweat out gravy and beer...1) When I sit and wonder why I don't work out why I can't stick to it what's going on if I have issues committing etc. I go think about all of that while I was on the treadmill...I did it one day and I haven't stopped since then. It turns out as much as I'm a refined subtle unique little snowflake with complex thoughts and feelings I'm just an ape. ..Apes need sleep and food on the regular and they need activity. I get those things I get happy drugs from my brain and a lot of the spiral anxious down on myself thoughts soften. I don't have a choice about that. ..It's non-negotiable and I can't think my way out of it...2) There is a quote at my gym. .."I regret that workout." - No one ever...It's simple but it's true for me. I have never once finished a workout thinking "I regret that." I have never once left the gym feeling worse than when I came in. It doesn't solve all my problems but it sure as hell makes every day better...3) I try not to focus on what I haven't done and where I haven't gotten with my goals. I think about what I have done and what I have gotten for yourself...Even if it's just thinking about going to the gym that's something I didn't even think about in the past. I have (and sometimes still do) beat myself up a lot but now I try to build on the good. Shaming and beating myself up rarely works (and it's even more rare that it works long-term)...When I stop working out and I get myself to start again I don't think of it as failing and starting over. I think of it as another day that I worked out that goes in the pile of all the other days that I've worked out. They don't disappear when I screw up for a little bit...4) I can't worry if I'm fat old injured -- any of that shit -- or that I won't fit in. I've been in HORRIBLE shape I've been in great shape and no one ever really cared (it was all in my head)...The people who are the most out of shape and can do the least are my inspiration at the gym. Taking that first step to change is hard and terrifying. I admire them more than the dude with the 8-pack and that chick who brags about being able to bounce quarters off of her ass...I hope new people will show up and inspire me. And I hope that they know I'm rooting for them (because I won't tell them and risk making them feel creeped out even though I want to give them a high five SO MUCH)...Just some thoughts in case they're of use.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing! This was great to read. I'm struggling with getting back in to a physical routine...I'm in horrible shape right now and like you said it's all in my head :) i used to be in fantastic shape and let drinking and lethargy guide my routine. My last sobriety I hopped right back in to exercise. Not so this time. But thanks for the reminder that I can and want to!
working out has been absolutely integral to my recovery...doing it for my brain rather than the results works for me. but the results are awesome. so there's that...sober on (and get super hot in the process)!
Hey.... there is a woman with one leg that comes to my YMCA every day to take either a yoga or Pilates class. She puts her crutches away puts her mat down and gets to work. So if she can do that I definitely have no excuses. Love that line of "I regret that workoutsaid no one ever." In my memory bank for ever.
There are a few folks like that at my gym too! I find them inspiring but at the same time there's just this I dunno calm about it.  Like it is what it is. They're doing a workout like anyone else is...I like this other saying I joke about with my brother "If you're doing it it's not getting done." I can talk shit all day about my big plans but nothing happens until it's actually happening...I'm on my bike as I type this. Better go. I live in fear of being the guy who's always on his phone while he's working out...Here's to sweat - whether it's sweating getting through another day being sober or another day at the gym. ;)
Lol. Yeah me too. Had to get to work. People sure look at you funny when you're riding a bike without a seat. 
Nice one! I'm happy to have discovered that sober I can be disciplined to stick to regular exercise regardless of my feelings. Most of the time I look forwards to it but I try to go even when I don't because I vaule my active lifestyle because I know it supports me! Over time I've built up to good fitness. My biggest passion is getting outdoors on my bike.
I am in the horrible-shape not-worked-out-in-3-years kind of condition.  You have inspired me.  Tell THAT to St. Peter.  Thanks.
Thanks for this. I was feeling really bummed because I'm the fattest I've been in over ten years and I've been working out. Now I'm inspired to just do more and take care of my body. 
Dude. Nailed it. Thanks man this is a great post 
