-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61gtn4/if_i_hit_a_year_of_two_without_alcohol_will_it/

Question for you amazing folks who have been af for a long time....I don't think about alcohol very much at all except in certain situations (holiday in France when someone is drinking an awesome Chard from Cal etc.). And every so often I toy  briefly with moderating before playing the tape forward. I feel so happy with what I've done but at the back of my mind fearful about relapsing. I do have a plan in place to keep me strong (this sub meditation staying healthy identifying when I'm feeling low/vulnerable/HALT) and I actually feel quite confident. But it's a lot of work!! In fact it's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. My question to you long-timers: does it really get easier as time passes? I mean obviously it has for me but I want to get to the point where it's not even a topic on my mind and that being af is a fait d'accomplis. I welcome your feedback! Just feeling a bit weak at the moment.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes for me it has become much easier. With the help of a therapist and AA I received tools to build a sober happy life. I have a lifestyle that does not put me in contact with anyone who abuses alcohol. I never have any in my home. Sometimes there's a weird thing that happens when I see an alcohol ad or walk by the liquor section in the grocery store--my mouth waters! It just shows the power of the mind-body connection of addiction. In my first years of sobriety I went to many AA meetings and continued with a therapist. I took life one day at a time and didn't take the first drink. Yes the compulsion leaves and peace settles in. 
The only time I even think about alcohol is when I'm at an AA meeting. 
i feel like it gets easier every day. not that i never think of it but i think about it less than i did three months ago. ..
If I recall at about 6-7 months I was just getting my training wheels off and happy that the lizard was no longer screaming in my head everyday.  I still do the same as you by 'playing the tape forward' and paying attention to signals my Hungry Angry Lonely Tired body may send; and like you my resolve remains strong knowing that without keeping My sobriety at Number One I would have none of the good things that result from it...I can't pinpoint when it actually seemed "easy" except not too long ago I actually had a good cry realizing I was a Grateful Recovering Alcoholic and the chains of the addiction I struggled with for so many years were no longer present.  The funny thing is when people would introduce themselves at meetings like that ("I'm XX.  I'm a Grateful Recovering Alcoholic") I thought it was weird and I didn't understand until just very recently why they said that.  I know now because I feel it...To answer your question I would say sometime after a year it was a "non-topic."  I consider myself a non-drinker and there are no ifs ands or buts that go with that.  None.  Keep doing what you're doing; you're going to be fine.  I'm sure we all get a moment of weakness once in a blue-moon but the thought dissipates as quickly as it came.  Many Blessings to You!! 
Yes the not drinking part became quite automatic.  I haven't had a troubling thought about alcohol in many years.  Some of my other character defects have become more troublesome.  For example I am working very hard to adopt a more positive attitude and to be more grateful.
I'm over 800 it isn't such a big deal anymore.
