-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61iqc5/book_recommendations_that_helped_you_quit_the/

New here to SD and I have a question. Once every 7-10 days I get so smashed it takes me a couple days to recover. Even though it gives me a bunch of anxiety I decided to quit drinking for good but I'm having a rough time breaking the habit. I have a friend that used to struggle with opiate addiction and he said a few books recommended to him by folks in his group really helped him give it up. Do you guys have any book recommendations that helped you along the way? I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

i read "drinking: a love story" cover to cover in a night and it really got the ball rolling for me. there are some book suggestions in the sidebar as well :)
I liked the Allen Carr stop drinking books ---- he talks about how all drinkers in the same trap similar to the pitcher plant. At first the fly can escape but because the nectar is so sweet and the fly feels it can fly away at any time it does not bother. As the fly gets further in it gets stuck and then when it realises it is trapped in the bottom it is to late. Carr says all drinkers alcoholic or not are at some stage of this continuum. The same basic idea is said to be In This Naked Mind --- I have that on order. ..I won`t be drinking with you today too
I would highly recommend reading This Naked Mind (free download in the sidebar) and thoroughly absorbing each chapter. The knowledge imparted by this book and especially this sub-reddit really helped me regain my direction my health and my freedom. ..I would also recommend "Kick the Drink Easily!" by Jason Vale and "The Easy Way to Stop Drinking" by Allen Carr. Each have a similar message to TNM.
In addition to reading the books mentioned below I watch several videos about alcohol but this one really made a difference: [AlcoholWill Kill You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySbeSUE2XHE) 
A great little book called "The Big Book"..Read pages 1-164 discuss with other of like mind. ..Learn about the 12 steps and how to work them to affect a change in your life. ..Good luck. 
*Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam...There's a link for books in the sidebar.
Dry by Augustan Burroughs.Girl Walks out of a bar by Lisa Smith.
Understanding the functional alcoholic
Big Sur by Kerouac ..It's a short and beautiful book about the author isolating himself in nature in an attempt to get sober.  It's an incredible piece of art  among his best work.  
Alcoholics Anonymous 
Blackout by Sarah Hepola
Thanks for all the recommendations! I've only heard of The Big Book out of them all  so I definitely appreciate it!
