-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61j6gl/hellomy_name_is_gary/

I have lurked on this sub Reddit for a little bit and felt I needed to share.....I have been struggling with drinking for about seven years now...but mostly for the last five...Alcoholism runs in my family so it is easy to blame genetics...although that excuse has run thin on my wife...I have stopped for a month or so in the past but the desire takes over...I worked in the restaurant industry as a manager for the past few years and have also used that for justification...I was the general manager of a large chain and all the other managers drank religiously or did other things...I felt as though I had more confidence while drinking and drank from about noon until I was able to get home...to get through the day.....I left that industry and went into sales and that was going quite well until health problems made me take a step away from that...For the first while staying home and collecting employment insurance (Canada) was going great.  I was writing and having passion playing with my youngest child and trying to improve.....However the past few weeks have been hard and I have made some stupid mistakes with my addiction...All of my kids are home right now during spring break which is awesome however also makes it easier to fall into my habits.....While drinking I make stupid mistakes with my wife....lying betraying trust...and generally being stupid.....I can't even count the nights where I wake up in the morning not remembering putting my kids to bed and talks we've had...that breaks my heart.....I have set up counselling for myself and my wife discounted due to finances and am still having to wait another month(ish) before we can see them...I have also been looking into AA meetings in my area an will hopefully start next week.....I don't know what I am looking for here but I wanted to vent...and share.....There is a lot more to my story but I guess this is a start.....If anyone can give me advice or insight into starting AA and what to expect I would appreciate that...as I am nervous and trying to fight through my pride.....Thank you...please forgive spelling and grammar I typed this on my phone...
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know where you live- but starting AA is pretty easy. Just show up. Here's a link that should help you find meetings in [your area](http://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/find-local-aa)..Start with an "O"pen "S"peaker discussion meeting. Meetings are usually an hour and the speaker will talk about their experiences for about 20 minutes. ..Depending on the meeting it will probably open up for other people to respond &amp; speak. You can speak ...or not up to you. They may hand out chips (they may not) the first silver chip is just a desire to stop. You can decide to get one or not. ..In my experience people are very friendly but also very respectful of your comfort level. If you want to go and sit in the back and not talk to anyone it should be fine. If you want to say whats on your mind- it should be fine. Please believe me that nothing you say will sound dumb. What you will find after a few meetings is that you are not alone. Many people are going through the same thing you are. Many people struggle...Starting AA is best to try out a number of groups until you find one you like. Some read from the Big Book some go around the room everybody taking turns commenting. Some are only for men some are only for women. There's all kinds. 
Hi there! Like you I have a drinking problem. I'll never forget the debilitating hangovers and the guilt and shame that go along with them. It got to the point where my life revolved around drinking but I always rang the bell at work. Finally in a very bad state curled up in bed with my usual  fifth of vodka in my bodyI googled stop drinking. This is where I found this group. I lurked for a while reading all of the amazing stories of victorys and set backs. The biggest advised that helped the most is focusing on today. I will not drink today. I couldn't even  image never drinking again. I also built myself a nice tool belt to get me through the  especially tough first part of my journey. You can do this but just worrie about today. Read and posting here really helped as well.  I wish you the best and I'm not drinking with you tonight!  
Good on you Gary! Every day you're getting better and better as a human being and improving as a husband and father! You have the power :) You can do anything you put your mind to!
Welcome Gary AA is a great way to go. I am almost two years clean and sober. Go to different types of meetings and even different locations to see what interests you. Commitments help with keeping you going I myself am still secretary at my Friday night meeting it seems I got reelected. Start with greeting. Good way to help the newcomers feel welcome and safe. They can be rather raw the first few weeks
Hey Gary..I see a lot of similarities in your story with my own. ..I was missing out on my kids lives because I was drunk. And I knew it. ..My wife and I fought. A LOT. That made me want to drink more. To numb the pain. ..For me my rock bottom was when my family came home one night and I was wasted. To the point that I layed down in the bathroom and passed out. My kids found me. ..I will never forget that. And it is going to take a long time for me to forgive myself. ..I did therapy for awhile. I attended a few AA meetings. They were ok. Not great. Not bad. Just didn't really find one that I really got in to. I will try again now that I am not so afraid of "can I stay sober". ..But the thought of my kids seeing me like that is what has kept me sober. ..Find what works for you and go for it. We will be here when you need us. 
Welcome aboard Gary lots of good advice and tools around here.  ..Addiction also runs in my family I suppose.  But something that occurred to me in my own journey.  It had less to do with some innate physical failure.  It had a HELL of a lot to do with what I thought life was about and how to deal with it...Something to celebrate?  Let's drink.  Job not so good time to drink.  Growing up it was easy to tell how fiscally secure my household was doing based on the quality of the booze.  ..The chair finally being kicked out from me was finding out my (now ex) wife was cheating on me.  Lucky for me she was out of town and what better thing to do than drown my sorrows.  As the marriage spiraled out of control it only seemed logical that I should drink...Looking back all of that makes a hell of a lot more sense in so much as it was stupid as could be but it was how I was programmed to behave in those situations.  Perhaps something to consider. 
Hi gary welcome to sd I can relate how alcohol can be destructive to your loved ones. Alcohol nearly killed me and left me financially and spiritually bankrupt with a felony dui hanging over my head. That was last year besides a setback I had last summer I have a whole new life. The fellowship of AA has been there for me and honestly it wasn't easy at first and I resented it because I felt ashamed. I wanted to be just like everyone else as far as being able to drink socially but alcohol always controlled and manipulated me and in turn that is how I treated others. ..I finally surrendered and accepted that booze and I could no longer coexist so once I got out of treatment again I got a sponsor and he took me through the book and ultimately the steps. I was powerless and percieved myself as a victim of things that happened in my life that was all the fuel I needed to keep going until I was dead..I have came from being a victim to a victor powerless to powerful. I can for once in my life breathe and be at peace. Shop the meetings I was always drawn back to the places where when people spoke it resonated with me on the way home. 
I was a guy who was blackout drunk about five nights a week. So many things I did/said/screwed up during those blackouts are lost forever. ..Counseling is a great step. Going to AA is a great step. I found it wasn't for me in the long run but it was a great start. On the counseling - getting my depression to improve allowed me to fight my alcoholism. ..I loved your post Gary. You sound like you are making the right steps. 
