-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61swhs/what_its_like_60_days_and_counting/

Hi SD. I recently turned the corner on 60 days which is the longest stretch of sobriety I've experienced since well probably since my very first drink back in high school (class of '96 FYI). Here are a few thoughts and observations. ..The best advice I can give new folks or those contemplating quitting is: One day at a time. It's impossible to wrap your head around not drinking next month or next year or for the rest of your life. Resist the temptation to try. Just focus on what you need to do today to avoid taking a drink. Also before I got to day 60 I spent years wracking up Day 3s a few Day 7s the occasional Day 10 or 20 etc. For me quitting wasn't something I just decided to do on day then accomplished. It essentially took years of practice. ..That's about the only advice I feel comfortable giving because it's still very early days for me. ..As for what I love about sobriety: the minor miracle that is waking up after a good night sleep not hungover; making plans days weeks and even months out without fearing that a bender will torpedo them; going to concerts movies and standup comedy shows and remembering the entire experience; the fact that my body is not under siege constantly as it contends with a steady stream of booze and unhealthy food; the near-total abatement of the kind of acute anxiety I used to think was simply a part of who I am but which I now see as going hand-in-hand with my alcohol abuse. ..As for the challenges: I'm married have a few friends and regularly attend AA meetings but I still feel lonely constantly. I used to kills hours and hours at bars drinking by myself and shooting the shit with my cadre of fellow barflys. Now if I don't make a concerted effort to fill every last bit of that time I drift into loneliness and sadness. My wife has never struggled with a substance so it's hard for her to relate to what I'm going through. A couple of my friends are supportive but most don't understand and a few have even been outright jerks about my decision to quit (I've basically cut them loose). AA provides a community and support (as does the SD!) but I still often feel like I'm going through this on my own. ..While my first 30 days were filled with a lot of reading my interest in books took a nose dive. Ditto my interest in writing which happens to be my career. I didn't worry too much about this at first: staying sober was my No. 1 priority. But now as I'm starting to get a bit more comfortable in sobriety I'm adding priorities and not feeling engaged by culture or interested in writing has started to increasingly weigh on me. ..So the loneliness and the lack of a creative spark are two things that have been on my mind the most. Are they worth taking a drink over? No. In fact it's clearer to me than it ever has been that these are longstanding frustrations that drinking merely masked; it certainly won't assuage them now. In general sobriety has been its own adventure with its own rewards and those rewards far outweigh the short term pleasure I used to get from drinking. It took me a looonnng time to reach this mindset but I'm grateful I finally did. ..Thanks for reading and thanks for being there SD. 
----------immediate responses--------

