-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61uc7z/sober_at_26/

I have always been too nervous to post to Reddit in any fashion - comments or posts - but I figured what do I have to lose.  I am finally sober after 8 years of drinking.  ..At 18 my father was hit and killed by a car a few feet in front of me by a hit-and-run driver.  That night was definitely a huge factor in me starting to drink as I never drank in high school nor much in the start of college.  But I dived in like it was a hobby I had to master.  Day and night when I woke up all day my thermos filled or lunch/dinner with drinks before bed repeat.  I had a son at 23 (I was sober for the pregnancy) and felt amazing.  But I craved it daily to the point that I felt sick.  My baby's father is an alcoholic and that crashed and burned quickly due to me trying to stop drinking and him being an abusive drunk...Over the years I've been a functioning alcoholic.  I have a great job that I love and excel at.  I have a great social life.  I'm the "fun" friend.  But I'm the fun friend that doesn't know how to have just 1 or 2.  No I have to black out and wake up with anxiety filling my stomach as I try to piece together my night. I had to drink huge bottles of wine to sleep gin or vodka on the way to work something to take the edge   But I've gained weight been depressed attempted suicide been so lethargic that instead of taking my son to the park I would pass out on the couch...a pathetic excuse of a mother.  I had to change...So here I am.  I went out with friends this weekend for about an hour.  All I drank were tonic waters with lime and left when I felt the urge to drink.  I am definitely not ready for bars or alcohol centered events though and it was a challenge.  But I am proud that I didn't cave.  I started yoga working out and eating healthy.  My son and I spend afternoons in the park and weekends that my ex has custody I am making sure that I start to fill the time with projects and new hobbies.  I haven't felt normal real sober happiness in a long time.  I felt high at first but realized this is how normal people feel when they are happy!  I forgot how it felt to feel such real emotion - not the inauthentic happy buzz you get from your first few drinks..  .Sadly I know I am going to struggle and this will be probably one of the hardest things I have ever done.  But I am pretty confident that I won't get to the depths of where I was.  Once you know how dark it can get I think you fight a little harder to stay out.  I have been a lurker for a bit but was finally ready to join you guys!
----------immediate responses--------

