-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61ytpi/tools_tuesday_refuge_recovery/

I was asked to write a  Tools Tuesday  post about my experience with Refuge Recovery. I'm frequently on here and in giving advice to others about getting sober I bring it up quite a bit. ..I'm definitely not making this post about AA but I do have to introduce it by saying AA didn't work for me it was not a good fit for me philosophically and meetings in my area were limited in scope (small town). I was the relapse queen breaking down every month to two months and drinking again. I spent a couple of years talking to a substance abuse counselor and he was remorseless in telling me that I had to get out and make sober friends somehow anyhow! I was desperate but AA was not my answer. I'd been using yoga as a recovery tool for some time and enjoyed it because it is very meditative. I'd also been interested in Eastern religious philosophies since taking a course in college particularly in Buddhism. So I came across a reference to Refuge Recovery during one of my sessions tooling around the net looking for some kind of alternative meeting any kind! And found that there was an RR group meeting not 20 miles from my small town. ..Shortly after I emailed the local group's founder the meetings moved to my town and I began attending. The founder and her husband are two people with long term sobriety who are both practicing Buddhists and had been asked to start RR by some interested friends. My first meeting I must say I was nervous and didn't know what to expect. The meeting began with a reading of the preamble which lays out the promise of recovery through this method a sort of  who we are what we do  message. Then we meditated with someone reading a script to guide us. Then the Four Noble Truths and Eightfold path were read this outlines the path to recovery. After that the floor opened up for sharing and I felt comfortable sharing for the first time EVER (partly because it was a small friendly group and also I think the meditation relaxed me).  ..How it works: As the Buddha said pretty frequently  life is suffering  and  suffering is caused by attachment . The four noble truths in RR follow similar lines:  .1.Addiction creates suffering.2. The cause of addiction is repetitive craving..3. Recovery is possible..4. The path to recovery is available (the 8 fold path)...Then follows the 8 fold path which is straight out of Buddhism itself though adapted somewhat (Understanding Intention Communication and Community Right Action Livelihood/service Effort Mindfulness/meditation and Concentration/meditation). These are not sequential steps that you follow rather a holistic approach with each aspect of the path supporting the others...The notion of   mindfulness  is one that is gaining a lot of traction lately through media and research and it's something I see come up quite a bit in recovery circles as well. The Refuge Recovery approach really utilizes this tool through all of the focus on meditation and concentration practices...I asked the founder of our group to be my mentor (analogous to an AA sponsor) and we went through an inventory together. The book Refuge Recovery by Noah Levine (the founder) includes two truth inventories. I found it a bit onerous but necessary.  My mentor also helped me in establishing a regular sitting meditation practice  (which as an aside added depth to my yoga practice). These two things together have been of the utmost importance to me in unpeeling all the layers of crud that had accumulated over years of drinking! Perhaps most importantly however I have made a small group of truly wonderful friends who I can call on at any time day or night and who understand what it means to be in recovery. My life is richer calmer more full of reflection and purpose than it ever was when I was drinking. ..Noah Levine's book of the same title is available for around 8 bucks used if you're interested in reading more in depth about the 8 fold path and how it relates to recovery. There are meditations included in the appendices which I've found very useful as well...End note: you needn't be a practicing Buddhist in order to participate. It's essentially a set of tools that happen to be Buddhist. Siddhartha I think would probably approve   I hope this Tuesday Tool was informative and helpful for anyone looking for an alternative approach to recovery! Please feel free to ask any questions you might have for me...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. This is great information. I already found some meetings in my area! 
Awesome stuff. I love Noah's books and have "Refuge Recovery" but have only read the first several pages. I am not religious in any way and don't believe in god but I do like mindfulness meditation and the lessons of Buddhism. I have a sponsor in AA but I stopped working the steps with him after I relapsed last year when I was on step 7. I go to one meeting a week with him then go to an atheist meeting on Thursday night which I love. I would love to participate in RR and also still attend that non-believers meeting....Anyway I just googled RR meetings in my state and see that there is a Tuesday night meeting one town over from me. I might have to check it out! Thank you for your post.
Very interesting I never heard of this approach thank you! 
Refuge Recovery sounds really helpful. I don't know a lot about Buddhism but a course at university has really piqued my interest too...RR did recently set up a group in my country but unfortunately it's just a bit too far away for me. I'll keep an eye out for other locations that might pop up. Maybe I should just e-mail the group to ask if there are any plans for expanding in my area. I wouldn't hesitate to go if there was a meeting a little closer to where I live.
**So happy to see this Stuck!**..I too don't do AA for a number of reasons and have turned on my own to Refuge Recovery mostly just using the book and concentrating on my own sitting practice.  ..I'm thinking of starting a group in my area because I think there would be enough people to come but I feel challenged because I don't think of myself as a "good enough Buddhist" (the Lama from the last sangha I was active in laughed at me when I said that) and don't want to misrepresent the path to others through my own foibles.  (Yes I know that's an excuse.)..I haven't known how to find a mentor either since there is no group here. (How did you get Noah to be your mentor??).  I've been working the inventory on my own but I know it be deeper if I was sharing it with someone else.  I'm going to apply to the Joshua Tree retreat in Sept/Oct -- I really want to start creating my community around this approach... Thanks again.  (BTW...I escaped Michigan 30 years ago but still occasionally miss it). Blessings!
People use the term "chronic relapser" but I prefer the more positive "persistent recoverer."
So interesting!!!  I wonder if RR would be useful to me even though I've been sober 2.5 years?  I love that I can see parallels between it and AA too all the good stuff I get from AA can probably be found in RR too.
Glad u posted this. I have been to a RR meeting about a year ago I liked it!. I just moved  and there is a new meeting in a  town 30 min from here.  I have been procrastinating attending but like you I am desperate for some sober friends. ..Update: I drove and found the location this afternoon so I am completely out of excuses on Thursday.  :)
So glad someone finally shared a bit about R.R.  Thank you kindly for a well written description.
Thank you for outlining this - I'm going to look into it.
Thanks for sharing this information Michigan! I've always been interested in RR and this really gives a great birds eye view - very informative! Much appreciated!..Congrats on 528 and have a wonderful day!
This is awesome. Thank you for sharing. 
Personally I feel that people should know their options and find a resource that works for them. ..Thanks for sharing a wonderful tool that may save lives.   
Thanks for sharing! I read your post at exactly the right time in my journey. Day 61 sober (on my own) and I'm getting pressure to engage in AA. I've been reluctant to go that route for whatever reasons... Checked out RR info and discovered there are meetings nearby. I'm going to check one out within the week!
This is great information for a newbie like myself. Thank you!
Thank you for posting this. I've been wondering about Refuge Recovery so I'm really glad you took the time to share this. There are meetings in my area - I think I'll give it a try.
Wow thanks for the heads up on Refuge Recovery.  There's a few meetings in my city.  Hopefully I have the courage to show up to one of them...Edit: Should you just show up to a meeting or is it typical to email the meeting contact beforehand?
thank you for sharing! lately I've felt the need to connect to a practice. turns out there's a Refuge Recovery meeting six blocks from my house on Saturday mornings. sweet! 
Just chiming in to say thank you for sharing your experience. I've been feeling like I need something more lately and I'll definitely be looking into this as an option.
This is such a great post - so matter of fact but alsogiving such a good clear picture of what RR is all about. ..I love RR although it is not my main recovery "thing." Mostly because I study in another Buddhist tradition with a slightly different emphasis. Though in the end all dharma is still *the* dharma too. ..I still like alot to drop in on RR to visit when I have the chance. Thank you.
