-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/622xl1/why_i_am_stopping_drinking/

Hi SD!..I've lurked here a little before but this is my first post. I'm fed up with drinking I've decided to stop at least for a while and I'm posting my reasons here so I can remind myself of them when I'm struggling to not drink...A little about me: I'm a mid-thirties professional woman. I live alone no kids. I don't drink anywhere near as much as some people and I've been through phases where I've drunk much more than I do now. But dealing with the after effects of a pretty messed up childhood I'm trying to sort myself out and develop a healthy and happy life. This morning a Tuesday I woke up hungover with no cash left in my purse and a sore throat from all the cigarettes I smoked last night. I gave up smoking 6 months ago. Needless to say I've been feeling pretty shitty today. ..Reasons to stop:..Alcohol is really bad for your health.I've a family history of serious alcoholism and don't want to end up like some of my relatives.As much as I love red wine I get a stomach upset every morning after I drink it.I've needed hospital treatment for injuries I've got after drinking twice in the last 6 months.I have anxiety and depression and alcohol makes both these conditions worse.I feel much more anxious and low the day after drinking a lot.I'm a private person and I've been deeply embarrassed by things I've disclosed to people while I've been drunk.I've got myself into dangerous situations a number of times while drunk.I can't stand the days lying round feeling terrible from hangovers which is a waste of life.It costs a lot of money which I could use for things I actually want.It causes weight gain and my metabolism isn't getting any younger.When I drink in the evening at home it's guaranteed I won't do anything else productive that day.I don't want to harm my career because of obvious hangovers/being too hungover to be productive/taking time off sick.I couldn't count the times I've told myself I'll stop drinking in the week or stop drinking alone or drink fewer drinks when I'm out. It never happens..I've given my body a hard time over my life with lots of drugs (when younger) lots of drinking poor diet and smoking.  I don't want to either die young or spend decades suffering with health problems I've brought on myself..The thing is despite all of the above I wouldn't drink if I didn't get something out of it. Which is: killing social anxiety meaning I feel more able to socialise; winding down from work bonding with friends and letting my hair down and dealing with difficult feelings. I know that there's other things I can do to relax (meditate etc.) but I don't really know how to cope with the socialising aspect. I'm much more outgoing and fun after a few drinks. I'm also really not good at willpower and I'm really easily persuaded to drink. I'd love to hear any tips for this. Thanks for reading if you got this far!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!  Lot's of support and resources!.."socializing" is certainly a common theme herein...I found (and it's been repeated by others) that I actually am better at social interactions when I remove the chemical compound that slows my neurological processes decreases my fine motor skills and alters my sensation and perceptions...Now my mind told me otherwise.  However it was flat-out lying to me...It's easily tested if one is inclined to observe any group of people drinking over a limited time while remaining sober.   ..Look forward to hearing about your journey!
Did u read This Naked Mind?   I think it would clarify your thinking about how alcohol helps you in social situations.  .
Go to an AA meeting.  You'll make sober friends and learn tools to help you stay sober. You can do this! Congrats for recognizing and dealing with a problem before it gets worse.
Thank you 
