-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62adxq/trying_again_with_new_support/

Was more or less alcohol free since September.  Drank heavily on New Years but that was about it.  Prior to that I would drink close to a twelve pack a day.  I only bought beer because I had even less control with liquor and it was affecting my primary job.  Well I thought I could give moderation a try.  One while out with friends.  Two on my own with dinner.  That turned back into me craving it all the time.  Was dry for a few days until Saturday when I lost one of my jobs partly because I made a couple bad choices not related to drinking and partly because they felt they needed to make an example of me.  I messed up I thought they messed up it was a rough situation so I drank 11 of a twelve pack stayed up until two (I'm usually in bed at around 10 or earlier).  Woke up at 8 Sunday with a killer hangover.  I'm getting older and those are getting worse and worse.  I applied to a few other jobs Sunday and called it an early day because I was exhausted.  Then Monday I got a call to set up an interview at a new job.  Went to that yesterday nailed it got a brand new job with better hours and better pay.  I couldn't be luckier.  But all I want now especially sitting at home alone is to drink.  I reopened that door and it's all I'm thinking about.  I have some friends coming over who don't drink and that should help.  Just wanted to get it down that yes I'm struggling with the craving again and I don't want to go back to where I was last year.  So.  Tonight I'm not drinking.  It may be with you guys or I may check in in the morning but a note has been made.  See you tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

I went through the same back and forth for more than a decade. For myself my life dramatically changed for the better when I decided I simply cannot handle drinking under any circumstances. I was not able to solve all the problems in my life through quitting alcohol alone although along the way it has opened up many new avenues of tackling the problems I have.
Moderation doesn't work for a lot of people; slowly and eventually it just leads back to where you started.  I wish you all the best in fighting off those cravings; I know you can do it...There's no problem that alcohol can't make worse and am happy you're not drinking.  I won't be drinking with you tonight...Congratulations on getting a new and better job!  
Great idea to hang out with non drinkers. .I will not drink with you tonight. Congratulations on your new job!!! 
