-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62d594/everything_is_going_well_and_that_scares_the_shit/

So I started working out again and like usual I can feel myself getting sharper and bolder everything is going well and with my treatment I'm starting to feel invincible to anxiety and the lows of depression. .However I do find it harder to sleep for .whatever reason and with this new found energy I want to take on the world. ..I know this cycle and I'm posting for accountability while I don't look at alcohol the same and don't have even the slightest urge to "give it another try" I'm still feeling pretty scared. I dont know why it may be due to my therapist trying to shove AA down my throat and telling me he's only doing it because he's seen people over and over who think they have it under control go back and relapse. ..I feel like I'm okay but now I'm doubting myself because well... what if he's right and I'm one of those people in denial who thinks they have it under control? What if I'm on the way to a relapse and I don't even know it? I know how devious this drug can be...Anyway I'm just spilling that out here any input appreciated. No I am not thinking of giving drinking another try and no I do not feel the need to escape. I'm just happy to be here and looking forward to the weekend to relax clean and workout. Maybe get some more cookies : ) haha. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your therapist may be thinking that without a support group your progress could be in jeopardy. He may have seen lots of people fail without a support network. I've found all the support I need here on SD though. Maybe you have too...Congrats on your progress - I will join you in not drinking today!
So I had exactly the same feelings at around 80 days. I tried out aa and smart to see what they had to offer. For me knowing I wouldn't be scared or anxious to attend in the future helped me have a plan if I did start to feel like I wanted to drink. I also found the chat here and started to spend time there. I think the key is finding some support and having a plan if you do feel like you're sliding into a relapse. Congrats on 70 days! I won't drink with you today.
I really enjoy smart recovery meetings...give them a shot can't hurt!  
Combat your fear with a plan.  Don't focus on potential failure figure out the 5 things you are going to do/people you are going to reach out for if you feel yourself dropping your guard on this most cunning and baffling opponent.  Actually you only need 4 things because you have cookies...  .  
A little dose of daily meditation sounds like what you need. Try the app headspace. 10 minutes each day to give thanks reinforce your goals   bathe in the now. All is good 
I reach out when I feel the way you're feeling. I come to Stop Drinking email my sober pen pal talk to my husband read sober blogs listen to sober podcasts: whatever feels right that day. The point for me is to get out of my head because when I'm in my head worrying that's when I'm at my worst. Some people reach out through AA and some reach out in other ways. You reached out today so good job. In fact I'm kind of in the same mindset today so I'll take my own advice and do one of the suggestions I listed. And I won't drink with you today.
Ahhhhh the ol self sabotage thoughts. Stay strong friend.
SO. MUCH. THIS...I can absolutely relate.  For me I think it's an issue I need to address with a therapist but for this moment can SD just be my therapy?  Ok I think as a person who deals with alcoholism failure kind of becomes very familiar.  It feels awful but it's *familiar*.  When I start experiencing success such as you are right now (70 days!) I become scared because "holy shit this is new territory and I'm not used to this and I know I'm gonna fuck it up like I always do and when will that happen etc......"..But dude if you have surpassed 60 days I really think you have this.  Just keep moving forward and exploring new approaches which it sounds like you're doing.  
