-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62ftqj/husbands_good_friend_pulled_me_aside/

and asked me if everything was okay. He's a wonderful guy--a little rough and tumble construction type--heart of gold:.I said 'yeah why?'.'Are you sure? You're ok? Your husband is okay??'.'We're all okay--why are you asking???'.'Because the last time I saw someone lose weight this fast there was something wrong with them--and they died!'..LOL....I was crying I was laughing so hard. My point is for all of you struggling with weight loss on this journey stick with it. Suddenly one day you wake up and it starts melting off you and everybody notices. ..I won't drink with you all today...
----------immediate responses--------

yay! such a nice bonus.
I'm still waiting :(
Lol... I get a comment everyday... I guess its nice.
What an awesome post!!! Thanks! 
Yeah! I'm still waiting for that benefit but I've been lazy and my diet's been pretty bad. Last time I got sober it just fell off though...good work!
Thank you for this.  How long before the pounds started dropping off.  How much did you lose.  I need to drop 20-25.  This just bummed me out so bad little tiny double chin and a big wine gut:(  I won't drink with you today.
I wish I had known this years ago. It's pretty magical. My mom asked me the same thing at Christmas. Ah sober life. So many benefits!
I laughed out loud. Love it. Food has been my new vice in place of alcohol and I'm okay with that for the time being. Losing weight is the next project though...So happy for you! Hope to be joining you on that level soon!
So true. Thanks for the share. Reminds me of my bat wings.. Lol.  My 5 y o son pointed them out to me. And the whole family jumped in with comments.I hadnt seen the scale move for a good 3 months...then suddenly I had extra skin..(eeww)!  Waving hello and goodbye with every move.Lol .P.s. vainity sucks. 
Cant wait!
Still waiting but it has only been 33 years...
Not sure how to read this post --- but if your husband is losing weight that way he should see a Dr ---- I do mean seriously see a Dr ---- like tomorrow morning..
What a great story and even better friends!  
What a great story! I've managed to garden today and went grocery shopping with my dad -- instead of sleeping off a hangover. Small NDVs!
That's awesome.  Took me over a year before I really started losing weight.  Since then I've lost 135lbs in a year in a half.  It is very reaffirming to get those compliments.
I went from 13 stone to 11 in about a year. I'm 6ft and do a lot of yoga so a bit of it is muscle. 
I have noticed my face already looks slimmer and I don't look so potato like as I call it haha! And it's only been 12 days for me so far! Great perk of sobriety! 
I love this! And I hope it happens for me! I've already been cutting back on my sweets 
When people ask "oh you aren't drinking how does it feel?" i usually say "my weight has gone down and my IQ has gone up."
Please cross post this on /r/loseit
Ignore the badge... day 3 here and I cannot wait!! I'm easily cutting out 300-500 calories per day by not drinking. It's incredible...
On the flip side of this weight loss can be a symptom of liver problems. If the loss is too rapid please see a doctor 
Husband lost 20 lbs I found it! Better fat than drunk! 
"No no im not dying Im just a drunk"..Keep getting better :)
Way to go! My sugar cravings were nuts the first few months sober &amp; I still have to talk myself out of eating all of the candy. It feels great to be lighter both emotionally &amp; physically!..I will not drink with you today &amp; no gummi bears either ..Ok maybe the chocolate covered gummi bears  
Ahh weight loss never happened for me!
Did you change your diet as well?  .I quit drinking and most carbs at the same time while walking 50 miles a week.  That whole no carb thing became more difficult than the no drinking but the weight loss that first month was immense.
People keep commenting that I'm "too skinny" recently.  I take it as a compliment.
When I quit for a 6 months five years ago a bunch of people asked me if I had cancer. I prefer that to "Wow you really filled out since I last saw you."
Can confirm. When I stopped drinking I started eating the worst foods imaginable - still lost close to 50 pounds.
Amen!  Great job!  And you're not dead!!
So awesome! I'm sorry to those still waiting =( .But I'm very happy to say that I've personally 20lbs in the last 90 days that I've quit! It's not *just* drinking that has caused the weight loss but I feel it was definitely the biggest catalyst. 
I'm currently in treatment. I caught a reflection of myself in the mirror as I was walking to the vending machine for a diet Pepsi. It's been a long time since I didn't see that beer belly pushing my shirt out. when they weighed me during admission I was 174 WITH everything on shoes cellphone etc. Last time I checked my weight I was 178 without clothes on. ..feels good. it really does
I'm so glad alcohol makes me gain weight. It gets me right back on the wagon every time I go off faster than anything else.
Waiting (weighting?) for the weight loss to begin it's among my primary motivators for the change. I am not drinking with you today and tonight :)
I lost a ton of weight but I also loved the foo foo drinka. I wasn't fat by any means before but I now have abs. It didn't really "peak" per-se until after a year sober; but that was with minimal weight loss effort. It probably doesn't help that when I quit drinking I developed a WICKED sweet tooth. Like slurpees at 3 AM bad. It's gotten better but is definitely still there. Hell it's better than drinking though. At least that's how I justify it. 
