-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62gtw9/is_anyone_else_here_in_their_early_20s/

i'm 24 and struggling. i was a very heavy binge drinker - 4 nights a week would see me easily down 7 pints cans and whatever else i drank during the blackout (too much especially for a skinny lady).   i'd drink alone but i mostly drank with others. like many on sd i got sick of the crippling hangovers shame anxiety physical/health decline and stagnating personal development. however i'm really feeling the hole left by alcohol in my social life (my friends are all heavy drinkers and i don't feel able to hang out again really yet). my depression is also getting quite bad. anyone else? i would love to hear your experiences and how you have dealt with this. ..edit: context - currently unemployed but starting a new job in a couple of weeks. just moved back to my home town where i have a handful of old friends left. i was starting to get to know some new people (friends of my old friends) but this stopped when i quit drinking.  
----------immediate responses--------

I quit when I was 25. I was a bonified substance abuser and dependent on alcohol when I was 22...In early recovery I stuck to sober people and sober places. It wasn't boring because I was committed to attaining a new lifestyle and wasn't romanticizing the "bar life" that many people had...I met people through AA group therapy and volunteering with sober organizations. I also made a lot of friends at the gym.
I have a very similar story except i let it go until i was 32. I got super depressed until recently. Feeling better then i ever have in my life at the moment. Hope it sticks...Stagnation of personal development - bang on..I have developed more in the last 100 days then i ever have. Thank you for the term.
Well I stopped drinking when I was 24 in AA... I stayed stopped till I was about 40.... In that time I got married learned to drive bought a house started a family got a cat discovered that I enjoyed gardening learned to play golf ----- all sorts of good stuff...It was when I started drinking again that it all went tits up...So my advice (If that is what you are looking for) is to stop drinking and stay stopped while you can..
I forgot to mention that I use a wide range of online resorses I particularly like Smart Recovery --- I go to their online meets and use their toolbox lots..
I am 25 and have struggled with everything you have mentioned. I have known that I have a serious binge drinking problem since I was 21. I have dried out for weeks and even months at a time. Always knowing that I was going to go back to drinking but that I'd have a different mindset after being sober for a while. ..This has never proven to be true. If anything my drinking has gotten worse. I have binged for a week straight before. Basically not remembering any of it. Waking up knowing that I had to stop. Dealing with depression guilt anxiety insomnia and basically everything that you can think of. ..I am two days sober off of a four day binge and I realize that I need to take this one day at a time and really get some time under my belt. Drinking has never been a friend to me. It has been a huge hinderance in my life. I no longer want to be the crazy drunk fuck. I want to regain control of my mental and physical state. I believe I can do this. I won't drink today. 
yes hi I just turned 21 and am just starting to come to terms with my drinking problem (although people have been trying to talk some sense into me for a good year lol). I have depression as well. I know not everyone is religious but I made a lot of friends who do not drink much (if at all) at my church. and a lot of my friends who do drink know that I have a problem and try not to drink in front of me. but yeah sometimes it is not avoidable being around heavy drinkers and that has been tough for me as well. 
I'm 25. Walked into AA when i was 23 (like 2 months before my bday haha) and stayed ever since. Big change but my friends are still burning their time and scorching their brains with drugs like alcohol. I'm glad I stopped and it's a min better life I am impressed by how I've changed how I'm progressing week by week month by month instead of getting worse. Advancing in career physically emotionally it's one gamble that at worst is still a win over my old behavior (driven by the mental illness called addiction)..Good luck!
I'm 21. I'm at the level where I drink as soon as I wake up. I've been trying to quit for about a year. It is very lonely being in college and struggling with alcoholism. Tomorrow I'm going to an AA meeting for the first time. I hope it goes well.
Turned 25 today actually. I would drink mostly to cover up anxiety and depression and for me things have gotten steadily better over the past couple months. My friends are also heavy drinkers and drug users so I've had to keep my distance. It's really tough but I've kept myself busy with work and by spending more time with my family a part of my life I - for far too long - neglected. You mentioned you moved back to your home town. Are your parents around? Mine have been very supportive of my decision to quit drinking and I think appreciate spending more time together. Overall it's a good support system for me pretty much the only one I've got. ..I was seeing a counselor for a while. Not so much lately but I will again soon. Even an hour a week was really therapeutic. I was seeing a licensed social worker so it was laid back and we just rapped about whatever we wanted: sports golf movies relationships alcoholism existential dread crippling depression...the usual. But seriously it didn't feel as forced as I imagined "seeing someone" would. He was an alcoholic many decades ago but is now sober. I regularly laughed and cried in the same session. Having a "professional" who understands what I'm going through on both a personal and biopsychosocial level was great. As a matter of fact as I'm typing this I'm thinking I ought to make getting back in there a priority. ..I actually haven't been to any AA or RR but a campus nearby has both. I think I'll start going to those to try to connect with sober people my age. Also I've been putting off volunteering for years and I think it's time I start participating in my community. ..Overall I've just made sobriety sort of a challenge. Each day is a win. I write down my number every night before I go to bed. Just waking up without a hangover every damn morning keeps me clean. ..Sorry this turned into an essay. Hope something I offered helps. Not drinking with you!
I'm 21 and on day 12. I realized at an early age (14) that the way I drank wasn't normal (I could chug pints of vodka while my friends were puking after 1 shot). Things only got worse from there. I kept up with cheap liquor through high school. I added beer to my resume when I went away to college. I actually was on athletic scholarship but threw that away because of drinking. After a few dozen blackouts I had given up and was kicked out of school. It's been three years since then. Eventually I slowed down on the drinking(blacking out once a month instead of 4 or 5 times) and got a job. I eventually went back to school but the stress of work and school combined caused me to start drinking more frequently than I ever had before. So last fall I quit my job and decided to focus on school. My grades improved drastically but the drinking continued. After a particularly nasty hangover a couple weeks ago I decided that this was it. I had to stop. It's better to recognize that we have a problem now than to let it destroy us slowly. I will not drink with you today. 
In my mid 20s. Avoiding drinkers was how I got to two years. I enoy lifting and running - and meetup groups for these are a good way to meet people many of whom quit drinking for no other reason than it impacts their fitness.
I'm actually more social when I'm sober but unfortunately I'm in the same boat. I'm happy right now though the few times I've been out since I quit have been much more satisfying than any of my drunken adventures as I used to call them. More like sitting around a table at a bar or someone's house/apartment getting shit faced listening to bad music and making a fool of myself. I think patience and perseverance are the key to everything so we just need to keep plugging away. I do have a wonderful girlfriend to keep me company she's never been a drinker and we're happier having a home cooked meal and playing video games than we would be going out trying to force plans and being "social". Give it time and learn to love your life in general and I think you'll notice good things falling into place.
25
I'm 27
25 here quit drinking when I was 24. I never really noticed my age in the process but I didn't really have any heavy drinkers as friends. All my friends moved around an hour away and had kids. Being an alcoholic I couldn't really drive an hour to hang out with them and be wasted around their small children so I lost contact with all of them...I did have quite a few drinking buddies/friends-with-benefits situations that came along with drinking. I haven't spoken to them since I've been sober except to tell them that I no longer drink and am not interested in continuing sleeping together...It's been a bit lonely but I'm slowly making more connections with people who don't drink or drink very rarely. This sub has helped a lot! ..Sorry I've got some hardcore pregnancy brain and I'm exhausted so this might sound all over the place. I'm trying to sound coherent! Haha
Yeah  I turn 22 next week. I think it may be tougher for us overall due to the age cohort. I am confident it will pay off in the long run so I'm not drinking today.
I'm 24. AA has helped me a great deal even though most people in the rooms are a fair bit older. ..People sometimes ask whether it's more difficult to get sober at a young age as many assume that I feel like I'm missing out. I don't feel that way my drinking was always different it was more destructive more desperate and rarely fun. I'm not missing out on the "fun times while drinking" as my times were always different. ..My social life suffered in the beginning then it got so much better as my friendships were no longer based on drinking. I found new hobbies new friends and even a girlfriend all while sober! There was a whole world out there just waiting for me to stop wandering through life stoned and drunk...All the luck to you! It is worth it I promise you! ..(Also loving your username one of.my favourite book series!)
I shoulda quit at 24 - my experience is I held on I maintained I remained a razor's edge in the functional column I fooled myself  - until I was 39.   **it was not pretty - NOT WORTH IT - created debris I had to dig myself out from under**..as for friends I didn't make real friends until I got sober - and among other things became someone worth being a friend  -  
I'm 19 almost 20. Struggled with depression anxiety (the classics) and pretty heavy drinking over the past year. Finally decided to stop drinking now before any real damage is done. And to kind of dodge the inevitable bullet that was coming towards me. 
