-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62q9u6/to_smoke_or_not_to_smoke/

This week I decided to get serious about giving up alcohol altogether. I am scheduled to attend a group on Monday and have made good decisions for almost a week now! ..I can't stop thinking about my fear of possible relapse. If I say I'm going to quit I want to quit. ..My mind has been racing with all of the nervous thoughts of what to do and how to handle social situations in the future. Tonight I came across this article while perusing my Reddit feed. ..https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/62kkfn/theres_a_medical_problem_that_marijuana_might_be/?st=J0YOL108&sh=45e9cb1c..The article was interesting but the comments really got me thinking. I hadn't yet thought about my occasional marijuana use and if I would stop it as well. Could it actually help me stay sober? ..It seems like a silly question but then like I said I read the comments and really start to wonder....
----------immediate responses--------

Did weed help me through withdrawals? Absolutely. Did I become dependent on it to help me through withdrawals? Yup. There's a lot of contention in that post as to whether weed is addictive. I feel that it is or at the very least has huge potential for abuse...When I stopped using weed and focused on staying sober... while sober... I learned a lot more about myself and how to help myself stay sober...Okay I've used that word too many times. But I think you catch my drift.
Weed for me has been abused in my past so I'm going to abstain from it in the future. It's mechanism of action does lead to the same increases in synaptic dopamine that lead to addiction. So there's that too while the context of its use and its particular effects may decrease chances/severity of abuse; it still can lead to addiction. For me my newfound sobriety I felt would have been jeopardized by using it- even now! Best left alone for now anyway. Who knows in five or ten years brain science may just fix the problem permanently. 
Best left to you. It has helped me abstain from drinking but I do end up a stay high. I'm gonna go without it tommorow as any bad alcohol feelings have left as I haven't been binging... Smoking pot is not something I want to do forever but I take breaks and don't do stupid guilty things when I smoke versus my drinking habits. Lesser of two evils I suppose. I'm 24 guess I'm just not ready to give it all up yet...
I had to stop feeling ALL of my monsters in order to get anywhere. I was a chronic relapser. It makes perfect sense to me now. 
For the first month month and a half I was smoking in the evenings as frequently as I felt like it which amounted to 4-5 nights a week at most. Now I haven't smoked for at least three weeks; I thought about rolling a joint the other night but I was honestly too lazy to get around to it. :P..Weed isn't physically addictive and in my case it doesn't induce cravings for anything else except delicious foodstuffs. It did me a lot of good to have it around at the beginning. Now I probably won't smoke except very occasionally. Obvs a decision for you and each individual to make but I found it eased the early going for me especially when I met friends who were drinking.
