-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62qfw7/has_anyone_seen_the_show_love_on_netflix/

So Gillian Jacob's character is a sex addict drug addiction and alcoholic. The first season didn't touch much on it. But season 2 really is touching a lot on her self improving and the challenges we face in the first weeks of sobriety. I'm just watching episode 10 right now and it's really crazy that where she is in her life is where I'm at in my struggles. It's crazy. Just wanted to share that. If anyone has any input I'm open to hear it! Thx SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks that show has been on my radar for awhile I will check it out tomorrow. 
I love this show. I connect with Mickey and Gus alike so this show is extra good to me.
One of my favorites definitely relate to Mickey 
I really relate to Mickey...love this show.
On other subs people talk about how toxic she is and what a horrible person she is and why would anyone be her friend etc. ..That bums me our because I really relate to her having her wires crossed in trying to get sober and not knowing how to maintain very basic interpersonal relationships because our priorities were skewed for so long...It's a lot of work having a friend who is getting clean and a lot of people have to move on with their lives. I get it i've  experienced it but it's a bummer.
Only 'regular' character I don't hate on this show are gus' fried and Bertie 
Great show I really like both of their characters. At first the addiction is more of a side show but the subtle way they show how it affects a relationship is well done. Interesting how a lot of men treat her quite badly like her father or boss which could easily lead to destructive behaviour for her. 
I'm starting this show this afternoon!
I binge watched it .... anyone know when season 3 comes out?
Yes! And I relate to her in ways and have such a soft spot for her- esp in the scenes where she seems so lonely in her addiction. 
I thought the shows depiction of Gus' co-dependence and his visit to Al-anon were interesting. 
"Sex addiction" is such a bunch of puritanical caca. I'm not saying there aren't harmful sexual behaviours but there's no way you can put those behaviours in the same category as being physically dependent on putting a psychoactive poison in your body year in and year out.
I've enjoyed the show. Both people are wildly destructive in different ways there's an ongoing debate over on the shows sun over who is the bigger jerk. ..Personally I just enjoy the show. It has a very real perspective on some of the things that people go through. It's a sweet show. I root for everyone. 
Another really good recovery show is season 4 of Maron which is also on Netflix. Marc is in recovery IRL and at the end of season 3 he slips into using again - really hard to watch. But in season 4 he gets back into the program and it's interesting to watch. And heartening. 
