-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62znhz/what_have_you_learned_in_therapy/

So far i have been struggling by myself. I am functioning in my day to day life but i break down as soon as i am alone. I spent this weekend in bed crying my eyes out not for the first time. I know i've come a long way already and have a long way to go still. Lately i am seriously considering seeking help for the first time in my life...How has therapy helped you? And what did it look like? Or have you overcome serious emotional distress yourself? And how did you go about?
----------immediate responses--------

My doctor referred me to a therapist after I got honest with her about my drinking. I'm really glad I did it. I saw my therapist for about 3 years. I was very nervous at first but I managed to relax into it pretty quickly; do shop around and find someone you're comfortable with. We worked on the causes of my anxiety we did CBT for my thinking problems (not sure how else to put that!) and some exposure therapy for some of my anxiety. She never pushed me too hard but I was very willing to put the work in and I feel like I gained a lot of tools and insight into how my mind works. Best wishes!
Before therapy I was pretty broken. I had three suicide attempts under my belt and a history of addiction. Depression was standard. When my marriage started falling apart I finally went. ..I've been in therapy for 6 years. I am a completely different person. I've learned how to stand up for myself. Ive learned to say no. I've learned that I can talk to people and that they think I'm interesting. I actually make friends now and keep them. My marriage has been saved and we can talk to each other about anything without fighting. I've learned that not everything is about me. Ive learned how to pull myself out of obsessive negative thoughts. I've been promoted at work. ..It's worth it but here's the catch: ..it takes time. For me I started having a break through after a year or so. I wanted to quit the whole time and I missed a few sessions but now I don't miss a session for anything in the world. I hear the year mark is pretty common. ..The other catch: ..Find the right therapist. It has to be someone you can relate to on some level. After a few months you will be telling this person things you never thought you would say aloud. If the therapist you meet is not someone you can eventually do that with then find another. ..GL to you!
Therapy gave me the support &amp; tools I needed to change my relationship with alcohol &amp; with myself. I was diagnosed with PTSD so a lot of my therapy was focused on that. I did EMDR as a major component of that and also we used tools from Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) so that I could learn tools for better emotional regulation (something I had never really learned or been taught). ..As others said finding the right person is key &amp; once you have that sticking with it. It was difficult and challenging but I could tell that I was changing and getting results made me stick with it even though dealing with the issues were challenging. .. My internal life is so different now and so much better! I feel like I'm more emotionally resilient and better able to weather the storms of life without resorting to drinking and other self-destructive behaviors.  Good luck! 
