-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/639wzj/relapse_and_suicidal_feelings_note_i_am_ok/

I have gone through something unspeakably difficult the past few days. I am feeling very suicidal. **Please take note that I am in touch with appropriate supports and resources and do not at this time intend to harm myself so please do not worry about that.** ..This latest set of events is part of the same situation that has lead to relapse in the past two years. Obviously the thought has crossed my mind (drinking) more than a few times over the past few days. And yet even feeling truly suicidal I am just not entertaining it. ..I guess I am posting just because I sort of have trouble relating to it the feeling that I would sooner die than drink. It's hardly much of an "NDV" given the circumstances. I used to feel as though drinking would temporarily relieve me enough to get through this. Now I suspect there is a certain wisdom there underneath that - assuming I get through this - I will be glad to have remained sober. ..That's all. Thanks...Edit: Something small shifted just enough and any thought of drinking is totally gone. I wouldn't say I feel any hope but the abject despair is all gone. So I'm gonna go ahead and call this one a (huge) NDV. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Suicidal thoughts are scary. I wish I could say that things are going to be great and that you deserve to live but I always hated getting those talks when I was feeling suicidal. It just made me feel worse for not believing them that I was somehow "just going through a bad time"..I'm so sorry you're struggling :(
I hope you feel better.  What's an "NDV"?  I won't drink with you today.
 A close childhood friend chose the permanent solution to a temporary problem.  I wrack my brain trying to understand how this extremely smart man concluded suicide was the best (or only) course.  I watched his wife daughter brother and sister cope or not with his death.  The suicide rate is high among recovering alcoholics and addicts.  Don't drink if possible but if the choice comes down to it please don't chose suicide if only out of consideration for those who love you.
