-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63erl3/planned_relapse/

I initially joined this sub to quit drinking for 30 days. I made my 30 days and things were going so well. I felt in control and bounced out of bed every morning ready to go..I told myself I made my goal but why ruin a good thing? Well another part of me said you made your goal go ahead a drink and see what happens. .I decided on the later. I drank the last two weekends and all I got out of it was being blacked out when I could of been having fun nasty two day hangovers disappearing on the people who love me and a huge dent in the checking account..Anyway put in a badge reset and my new goal is indefinite sobriety one day at a time of course. .Anyone in early recovery I can tell you no matter what tricks your brain tries to play on you if you go back to drinking things will also go back to the the same circumstances that led you to quit in the first place. .I will not drink with everyone today! Thanks for all the support here.
----------immediate responses--------

This is all too real. Seems like every time I start feeling that relief of sobriety I trick myself into thinking it will be different this time if I just "have a few drinks".
Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.
Lots of speedbumps on the road to recovery.  At one point you will discover the speedbumps are all past you and it's just smooth sailing from here on out.  Maybe this was the last speedbump...
Thank you!
I wont drink with you today    welcome back
Thank you for sharing. I'm kind of in the same situation. Quit for a month thought I did alright then had a couple of really rough alcohol filled weekends. Day one for me too. I will not drink with you.
I'm just starting! I will not drink with you today!
I just read on SD in the past couple of days that going back to drinking is like [Charlie Brown trying to kick the football](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWGuzwj4DSs). No matter how hard you try to convince yourself that this time will be different you end up in the same place as before.
This is the longest I've been sober (16 days) and what I am currently worried about. ..3 days sober seems a difficult struggle to take a break. ..2 *weeks* sober seems a daunting task. ..1 month sober sounds like a long road to a goal. ..2 months sober?!? what the fuck is that...Now we're stacking 30 days to each milestone. ...Suddenly the time dynamic shifts drastically. ...I worry as soon as I hit 30 days I'll feel a loss of sense of progress and hopelessness as I tired climb over one hill and look up to see a mountain. ..I know all that I require is a change of perspective I just wanted to share how I'm feeling. 
Yeah not falling for that one again... Thanks for reminding me!! &lt;3
Welcome back!..I'm with you one day at a time.
This is a great reminder...thank you for posting. I went 3 months without drinking a couple years back and it didn't take very long to get back to old habits. I will not drink with you today. 
Thanks for coming here and sharing. I will not drink with you today! I am on day myself.
One thing Alcoholics Anonymous prescribes is if you aren't sure if you're an alcoholic try some controlled drinking and you will quickly find out!..At least now you know what will happen when you drink and you can move on from here with that knowledge and not doubt. I did the same thing though my relapse lasted for two years not two weekends. Wish I could have come back sooner.
I love that phrase - indefinite sobriety. It's the only way I can keep it moving. I don't ever have to say "I'm never drinking again as long as I live". Instead like when I was at a restaurant with friends on Sunday I just choose not to drink...And the more I choose not to drink the more I like who I am. I'm gonna keep going one day at a time.
I'm on day one myself. I'm right there with you man. Good luck!
The mind is a tricky sob when it comes to addiction especially with alcohol being so socially acceptable. Welcome back to the wagon friend I will not drink with you today as well.
I'm with you too I have quit several times over the last year the longest was 6 weeks and yet I always wind up back here in the same place. Most recently I stopped on January 2nd but drank 4 weeks later at a party and convinced myself from then that I could drink like a "normal" person. I proved to myself this weekend that I can never drink again. I'm trying not to dwell on it trying to just move on. Yes I spent too much money on liquor this weekend but trying to focus on how much money I'll save in the future. And yes I still feel sick on my second sober day but by the end of the week I'll feel healthier. Going to pick up some tasty NA drinks and finish This Naked Mind and download the Calm meditation app this week. We can do it!
Welcome back! I work the support lines for AA in my city and I hear the story over and over - "I was sober for (25711 whatever) years and decided I could have a drink". Then they couldn't stop. What's worse even though they've been in the program and know how it works they can't seem to find their way back. ..People say I'm helping others by working the lines but I think I'm really helping myself. Hearing those stories is what keeps me from thinking I can drink like a normal person. I won't drink with you today!
rock on
