-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63hfzv/for_those_of_you_just_starting_out/

It gets easier...I haven't had a drink in almost 8 months. At first it was a pretty big deal and as such not drinking became a huge part of my identity. Now it's as much a part of my identity as my eye colour or shoe size. Not that it isn't important anymore but it's something I don't have to think about or put effort towards...Those of you just starting out and/or tempted to relapse it gets easier. It may take less time for you than for me; it may take more time. But you'll get there. I believe in you and I'm so proud of you for making it this far   
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks so much. I've just stared my new journey and I am scared that I won't make it. But I made it yesterday and today so far. Take care.
This is helpful to hear thank you for sharing! I will not drink with you today 
This is very encouraging thank you
Thank you. That is helpful to hear. This afternoon I really just got irritated/frustrated/stressed about the thought of not having a drink. I'm trying to just take one day at a time..It's extremely hard.
I needed this. Thank you!
Thanks for sharing. That is great news that you are just living and popped in to post.  I won't drink with you today.
This was good to read.  Thanks!
I needed to hear this. Drinking was such a habit that I'm constantly reminding myself that I don't do that anymore. It would be nice to have sobriety as the habit. 
Thank you!
[removed]
I'm really happy for you
Goooo noobies!! You can do it!!!
Good job! I'm on day 8 myself and I feel good. I feel aware and alive.
This is a great post! I still have difficult days... Quitting drinking didn't solve all of life's problems. What it did do is make me able to fight for myself whether it's in my career my relationships the gym. I have the ability to fight and grow and move forward. It used to be that difficult days would hit me and the bottle would be my best friend when in reality it was my worst nightmare compounding my bad days into bad weeks and years. I can handle bad days now because I know the following days will be better. If you're just starting out hang in there I promise it is worth it. 
This was very helpful. Thank you.
Hey thanks for this and well done   
I'm becoming that person whos known to not drink!! I love it. Your post hit the spot.   Thank you 
Thank you for this!!!! Congrats on 8 months!
With time the evening hours get filled up with activities the sleeping gets better and the boredom subsides.  Not drinking becomes the new regular typical day but it took me about 5 months!  ..Hang in there everybody!  I won't drink with you today. ..
Thank you :)
Thanks ! I do it will get easier as it is my 3rd day of not drinking and a 1st day off work and all im thinking is to go out one "last" time today :(
Thank you for your post.
