-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63lwol/tldr_i_need_a_reset_how_do_i_quit_when_im/

A few months ago I was adamant to quit this miserable addiction. I went about 6 weeks and relapsed. Hard. I've been drinking anywhere from 10-20 beers every other day since. That's a lot for anyone but I'm a 100 lb 28 y/o female that doesn't eat or sleep enough. I've woken up every day thinking I'm going to die. That terrifies me but what's more frightening is how quickly I forget the hangover from the day before and repeat the process. I haven't touched alcohol since Saturday. I think my biggest struggle is that I live with my boyfriend (of 4 years) who drinks excessively as well. His hangovers aren't nearly as bad as mine so he doesn't see or feel a problem with his drinking and won't quit "just because I want to". He's extremely stubborn and can be childish. The type of guy that will do the opposite of what you ask and won't change for anyone. He's the same with video gaming. If I ask him to get off and spend time he'll end up playing more than if I just sat quiet...Ok rant over. For those of you whose S/O didn't quit when you did what is your advice for getting through the day? I know a big thing is "dry people dry places". But that's just not feasible for me. I also know another piece of advice I'm sure I'll hear is "he's not being supportive and I deserve better" but besides the stubborn flaw he's a really great guy and I hate to throw away 4 years over a problem I have with this substance. I'm determined to make this change. I need to get my life together and quit hurting myself and my relationships. I'm tired of lying and feeling guilty every day. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Please don't waste your life on this addiction. You're  young and life is just beginning. I'm much older than you and I wish I had stopped drinking and looked after myself. Don't get me wrong I'm successful in spite of knocking back bottles of wine every time I felt and emotion I didn't like. But on reflection my life would have been a whole lot easier without it! I stayed with men I shouldn't have and got into very complicated situations all because I was pissed and made poor judgement. Take care and I'll stay sober today with you. won't comment on the boyfriend only you know what you want for your self  
Well I had to do everything in my power to protect my sobriety. That meant getting IRL help like therapy and attending Refuge Recovery meetings. I needed more than willpower or the memory of bad hangovers to get me to quit for good. An alcohol-free home was essential for me; if that's just not possible for you then you are going to have to find ways to deal with the presence of drinks and a drinker.  That would definitely make it hard for me. Best wishes!
When I was in the depth of my alcohol addiction seeing a future where I didn't go out and drink or stay home and drink 2 bottles of wine and play COD or whatever new game on the Xbox was unimaginable to me...I would think what the hell do people do when they don't drink? It must be so boring!..Now that I am sober I started getting up earlier and earlier because I found that there was just so much I wanted to do and that there was just simply not enough time in the day to get it done. I get up at 4am every day now and LOVE getting up and start the day.And I am never bored. Ever.  ..What I learned is that my life of drinking and going to bars and playing video games was in fact incredibly boring...I don't see why having a partner who drinks is an issue. If you are ready to stop drinking then get a game plan and stop. You can't change someone else and using someones else behavior as an excuses not to change is a choice not an impediment. ..
That's really encouraging. I definitely need to find productive hobbies to distract myself. I guess I just got really discouraged because I've been reading a lot of posts about people not being able to quit without completely cutting out all places with alcohol and people that drink. But you're right his drinking should absolutely not have any bearing on my sobriety. It just gets hard sometimes watching him game and get drunk and "having fun". It looks so appealing but I can't remember a time I drank and had fun. The night always ends with fights and the mornings with with emotional and physical pain. I've always aspired to be the kind of person that wakes up at 5 am and crushes the day like yourself. So that's definitely something I can use to motivate myself to continue staying sober. Thank you.
personally i wouldn't be able to stop drinking if my spouse was constantly drinking too either that or i'd just be constantly frustrated. i do know that the success rate of a couple where they both have drinking issues but one quits and the other doesn't is almost 0..
My husband drinks heavily every day.  I can't let that get in the way of my decision to stop...I also work as a consultant and have most of my meetings in pubs and restaurants.  Again I can't let that hinder me...I understand the idea of 'dry people dry places' and I avoid certain situations when I can but I'll always be around alcohol (unless I become a hermit) and I wouldn't want to stop being friends with people simply because they drink (especially if they do not have an issue with drinking)...I just focus on my situation and what I need to do (it's fucking difficult at times and I get frustrated with my husband but how I manage that is my choice)...I picked up some hobbies I can do by myself so I'm not waiting around to be entertained by him.  And I'm learning (slowly) that being sober and happy is the best I can do for myself...I'm also finding more things we can do together so again I'm not putting pressure on him to change just giving him opportunities to enjoy my company...It's up to me to decide what the whether my husband is choosing alcohol (or anything else) over me.  And it's up to me how I deal with that...Not sure it this helps but please know you're not alone in having these issues.
If your SO truly cares about you he should at least consider supporting you through this. Don't let complacency get in the way of progress. ..You need a complete lifestyle change if he won't commit to helping you. It worked for me and it was the best thing I did for myself. 
There is a great book "loving what is" By Byron Katie the might help frame your decisions.
I ended a relationship because I could not be with him and stay sober. I also got lots of support from a therapist and AA. Staying sober without help would have been impossible for me. 
My husband does not want to quit drinking. But for me I am so much better without alcohol and I can only change my own behavior. I don't pay attention to how much or what he is drinking because I can't see that doing anything positive for me. I don't even really talk about my sobriety with him even though I am excited about it! I remember being annoyed when sober people would talk to me about it when I drank so I get it. Good luck to you and I will be here not drinking of you want to join me!
My husband drinks a lot and when we first got married I would too because we would spend a lot of our time together watching TV which I found very boring so I would drink to compensate...So I stopped watching TV and that got me out of the habit of drinking. It sucked because I wanted to spend time with my husband but I didn't want to keep drinking excessively every night either. I started reading a lot again which I used to love doing but stopped doing so much when we got married. And I got more serious about my yoga and running too...We aren't at the point where he wants to spend a whole night away from the TV but we do more things away from it now and I only watch TV when I actually want to not just so I can spend time with him. Sometimes it's about getting out of the habits. Make sure you have something you like drinking to compensate as well (kombucha kava tea and La Croix serve me well!)..Good luck!
