-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63m1wu/struggling_to_break_the_cycle_and_build_a_support/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 58 days. A couple of thoughts: do you have a strong interest in film? Is there a meet up in your area to see and discuss films? A book group?  Seems small but friendships arise from different beginnings. Good that you are plugging away. You can do it!
Got it. 12 hours is great. Sorting through what alcohol masks is rough. You are no different than anyone. You deserve happiness. Be kind to yourself today as you sort through things. One day at a time. 
Relationships are strange people are stranger.  You are not the only person who feels the way you have described above. I feel a lack of faith in humanity at times and find myself avoiding conversations and relationships because I feel they are unhealthy for me(which is also unhealthy for me :/ ).  I don't have a solution for you but just wanted you to know    that what you said resonates with me.  Hobbies help.  I have too many of them now :)
Being an introvert is tough because we crave a certain amount of human interaction but it requires time effort and making ourselves vulnerable. I totally get that. Meetup is a site I've used in the past to get involved in groups and meet new people...Spending so much time in my head makes just sitting and watching Netflix kind of boring for me. I have to be doing something else at the same time. For me it's usually an MMORPG I play RuneScape. In the past I've really gotten into crochet and I always enjoy puzzle books. They keep me busy and require enough concentration that I'm not stuck sitting there with my thoughts all the time. Another great thing about being sober is that I can immerse myself in reading again. I love a good mystery like the Jack Reacher novels by Lee Childs. Another hobby I enjoy is finding pieces of furniture at the thrift store to restore or repurpose. It can be a pretty inexpensive hobby because it doesn't require a ton of tools and I use the cans of "oops" paint in the clearance section at the hardware store...I hope some of these ideas help you. Being bored and trying to get sober is really difficult. I'm glad you are here and I won't drink with you today.
I made a lot of new friends by going to recovery meetings. Lots of people there know what it's like to not feel comfortable around others especially without alcohol early on in recovery so you aren't unique in that aspect. I had to push myself a bit early on but it's much better now.  
[removed]
Most friendships start off as acquaintances.  Sometimes they over time develop into friendship.  In a lifetime if you have had a handful of really close friends that is a gift.  I won't drink with you today.
