-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63rwo1/finding_the_words_again/

As I approach a hundred days sober I'm taking stock of the ways my life's improved since I stopped getting drunk almost every other night. I'm enjoying my relationship with my wife more. My life was so focused on drinking before that I had grown to view her as an impediment to that and treated her accordingly. I feel more present and able to enjoy my young daughters. I'm not hungover when they come into my room early in the morning and I'm not anxious for them to get to sleep at night so I can start drinking.  These changes and so many others haven't come as a surprise. What I didn't expect is the clarity with which I am able to think and the ease with which I am able to communicate my thoughts now. I hadn't realized how my drinking was clouding my ability to think and speak -- even when I was "sober."  90-some days in I don't struggle to find the right words in the middle of a sentence. I seldom lose my train of thought like I used to. It feels as though my job -- I'm a lawyer -- is easier now. In a nutshell I feel a lot smarter. ..The posts on this subreddit have helped me to stay sober and resist the urge to drink which irrationally given how much better my life is now still arises from time to time. Thank you! I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice thoughts. I am finding the same and the realization hits me at various times throughout the day - as if my mind had a gradual reboot and getting better. The sharpness is there. Granted I would have several 'streaks' going 5 days or so and feel pretty decent but this experience is so much different. ..Looking forward to celebrating 100 with you in five days! 
Yes! I feel exactly the same. I'm amazed at how difficult drinking was making my work...then i'd go home and drink more because I'd 'had a bad day'. I rarely ever have a bad day now. I won't drink with you today either :)
This is encouraging to read. I'm almost 3 weeks in and I do feel clearer in my head but I'm really hoping the words will come back to me. I used to love to write but I haven't done it in years because wine was muddling my thoughts even though I didn't realize it at the time. 
I really happy for you. I can relate 100%. Sobriety has given me a new awesome relationship with my wife and kid. I will not drink with you today!
Feels so empowering when the mental cobwebs begin to clear away. My clarity and my confidence increase in tandem. 
