-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63tta1/im_losing_control_again/

I drank 10 beers yesterday and half a bottle of wine...Three weeks ago I wasn't drinking at all. Three weeks ago I was pregnant. Three weeks ago I respected my body and the life it was growing and now yesterday I drank that fucking much. Already...Of course for the duration of my pregnancy I abstained. I barely thought about drinking save for the few social occasions where everyone imbibes (Christmas birthdays what the fuck ever) and even then I didn't concern myself all that much with all the booze I couldn't drink. I was happy. I was doing something with myself with my body instead of treating it like a garbage can...I gave birth and I struggled to supply the newborn I grew with breast milk so my nurse AND my doctor suggested I go home relax have a dark beer and try not to worry about it too much. And I did just that. But the last couple weeks have already been a vicious spiral where I start earlier and drink even more and now as of yesterday I am completely out of touch with my drinking problem. And it is a serious problem despite my not taking it so seriously for so long...I don't know what to do. I don't know who to talk to. I'm terrified to bring it up with anybody I know or go to a meeting or do anything at all that might bring this to light. I wasted almost an entire day's worth of what little breast milk I have because it was tainted and I too feel tainted just as terribly...The one saving grace is that my house is now purged of all alcohol because I fucking drank it. So many well wishing friends and family members were bestowing me with gifts of booze unbeknownst to the problems I have when I hole up alone and mindlessly drink it all. ..Worst of all? I don't even feel all that bad physically. And yet I feel like I'm completely falling apart.
----------immediate responses--------

Did you consider talking to your OBGYN? You may be dealing with postpartum depression and that can be treated. We dealt with something similar when my kids were small. I'll won't be drinking with you today.
I was honest with my doctor about how much I was drinking. Medication made detox safer and easier. There's help if you want it. 
So first off I am not a mother nor any kind of doctor.  ..It seems like you have just gone through something enormous getting pregnant giving birth &amp; giving the baby up.  There must be so many hormones thoughts emotions stress racing through your body and mind. ..I do think you should talk to your doctor about this...
By saying you're losing control you're saying that there was a time where you had control.  For me there is never any control when it comes to alcohol. The only time I have control over alcohol is when I don't take the first drink.
If you can talk to somebody about this.  I know that for me - keeping things secret was the worst part.  Once I started talking to someone I was able to find a way forward.   I hope things get better but I won't drink with you today. 
This breaks my heart... you sound much like me. Except I didn't seek help for my drinking until my baby was almost 6. I got right back into heavy drinking soon after my son was born and before I knew it I was drinking just as much as I was before pregnancy. ..Saying motherhood is hard is the understatement of a lifetime. It rocked my world in ways I never expected... anxiety mostly. I'm not sure if my past posts hold any great insight but my guilt over being a drunk mom is what makes me that saddest about this whole mess I made so maybe there's a nugget of help in an old post of mine. ..I definitely think this is something you should discuss with your doctor. My doctor knows everything now. He's not judgey or rude he's caring and helpful and that's something really nice to have in this fight. ..I won't drink with you. 
