-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/642bk6/overcoming_the_odds/

I wanted to share my story...I have been struggling with alcohol for years and only recently I have made the big step in admitting I have a problem. ..4 weeks ago from yesterday I finally succeeded in something. I killed myself. I am using the word "succeeded" because I actually did. I was clinically dead for 47 seconds in a coma and kept alive by machines for over 24 hours and in the Crisis Management Unit at a local hospital for a week after. 3 different doctors told me that I should not be alive much less have as little repercussions as I do. I struggle to find the right words and have some issues with my motor functions but other than that I am fine. During my time there I said those dreaded words that every alcoholic fears. "I am an alcoholic". ..I came out a different person. With a new motivation and a new lease on life. Except for last night. I have been a hermit since then because lets face it the real world can be scary. I met up with some of my friends (who do not know anything about what happened to me) and I decided "Hey Ive been good recently. Ill have a little fun." Which I did. Until i realized that I was drunk. The anxiety kicked in full force. I became nauseous and could not focus on anything happening around me. I wanted to leave and get back in to little hole but I was scarred to go home. ..But I made it. I went home and preceded to throw up most of the night and this morning. Not because I was too drunk but I was so upset with myself for making that decision. ..That's when it hit me all at once. I am mentally ready to live a sober life. It may mean that i lose my friends that i have had for over 10 years it may mean that I have to rewrite my book of life and it may mean that I am alone for a while. But I am ready. I hit the reset button on my sobriety clock this morning and I have never been happier because I know that I can do this. ..My name is GhostofGiggles and I am an alcoholic but Day 1 has never looked so good.
----------immediate responses--------

wow. glad you're here. 
Your story is inspiring. I know we can do this. I will not drink with you today! 
Welcome Ghosts! I'm sorry to hear that you've been having a hard time. Life is hard and scary as hell sometimes but I'm glad you came out the other side physically OK and I'm extra glad you came here to post. There's like sixty thousand people here who want you to be a bad ass sober you and they have stories and advice to help get you there. I'm just 9 days in but I feel a little bit more bad ass every day as I chip off dirty little bits of my soul and toss them into this big friendly SD ocean. Keep coming back keep keeping on and I will not drink with you today! My name is Deportamil and Im an alcoholic too
Glad you wrote this and are here to share. You deserve happiness. I won't drink with you today! 
What an amazing post! Being mentally ready to live a sober life is exactly what clicked with me and I have been sober ever since (after trying for years to give up)..What is your plan? I needed lots of research lots of fizzy drinks and lots of support from my SO in the first few weeks and months. Are you in counselling or seeing a therapist?.Am really glad you are here.
Love you Cuz! I'm definitely glad you're still here. 
