-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/645503/in_that_danger_zone_ive_read_about/

I wrote a few days ago about being emotionally drained. I've been thinking about the state my life is in at the moment and I'm continuing to realize that I'm really in the danger zone of relapse that I've read about here so many times. ..Given that things have really not been going well at all for me lately (I was recently laid off as I explained in the previous post) even despite the efforts I've put into sobriety I've been beginning to let negative thinking overwhelm me. I simply know now that I need help. ..Without knowing I was doing so I am now aware that I really have been planning a relapse for some time now even though I am fully aware that doing so will almost certainly reverse a great number of gains I've made in my life...I know that I have to double down on my recovery and get back into SD in a real way because I have simply stopped working on my recovery and not surprisingly the effect of that choice is that I'm bit by bit leading myself back into a place that isn't going to work for me in my life...I've had a bad case of the "Poor me"s for a while now and whatever is going on with me is just not working. ..I guess I'm sort of writing this just as a renewal to my pledge to myself to do much better for myself and the people around me than I did when I was a drinker. It isn't much yet but this pledge is a start. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome plan. Keep us posted. I am rooting for you! 
Recognizing those feelings and being honest and sharing them is a great step. I found writing about my struggles in life and sobriety after the year mark helped me process stuff immensely. And I felt like being honest opened me up for more growth and learning as I continued my life sober. Glad you posted this. 
I am feeling this post. It's weird to have sobriety for this long and just be hankering for a relapse. So weird. When I was earlier in my recovery I wasn't close to relapse at all...I've heard from a lot of people in meetings that once they got complacent with their recovery was when relapse snuck up on them. I'm starting to drift that way. Not really working on recovery. Not going to meetings or therapy. I simply have to get back on track and do what worked before. 
I admire your discipline and self awareness so much. Hang in there. These feelings are temporary.
I cannot give you any advise since you know what to do. Just wanted to thank you. But thank you for writing this. I hope it helps you in strengthening your conviction again. It is helping me to learn that once i am a 'big fish' like you i still have to be carefull and keep my eye on the price. 
Way to anticipate and recommit. And thanks for reminding us of those with fewer days that the sneaky temptation can come back at any time. Way to stay vigilant - you know a drink won't help at all!  Hang in there!
Thank you.  I just made a year but my SO who is also doing this  with me (of his own accord) said he would have a drink at day 364 just cause he doesn't want to be on a schedule.  I don't want to do that with him.  He won't go overboard but I might so thanks for sharing and giving me a touch stone to think about.
Great thoughts. It shows that with many things in life there is continuous renewal to commitment learning and growth. Sobriety is much the same but also different in the way one decisive moment can instantly derail us. Sounds like you have the perspective and honesty with yourself to see this through!
Did you ever do a "relapse autopsy" kind of plan? I did one while in inpatient rehab &amp; I've looked at it when I've been in that "relapse planning" stage. I wish I'd been more diligent bc I slipped. And that renewed the health issues I gave myself from drinking...I totally get the "poor me's" - that was my issue too. It isn't fair that "normal people" can drink or get drunk to blow off steam &amp; I can't. It's dangerous for me both physically &amp; emotionally...I saw your badge &amp; was like "wow over a year that's awesome!" You have support &amp; encouragement here from an internet stranger :)..Can you focus on an activity or goal or hobby that isn't conducive to drinking? ..Stay strong; I will not drink with you today :)
whoa i so hear ya. for me part of it is 'poor me' but the other part is that sometimes i am in a situation where life just sucks - plain and simple and remembering that drinking only made my sucky life a lot worse. ..I for one am glad you are here. You *are* an inspiration...Let's keep doing this thing together. ..*and* I will not drink with you :)
Feeling "poor me" is ok.  You can indulge in that and feel those rotten feelings they wont kill you.  This too shall pass. I wont drink with you today!
Recognizing these feeling for what they are is very important. Good for you! You've got the start of a plan.  Even better! Now you need to execute. For me I like simple and achievable steps. I'd include something like commenting or posting here a certain amount each day or week. If you do meet maybe check out a new one each week.
Towards health or away from health.  We're always moving one direction or the other.
Really glad you can see where this could be heading for you and that you're taking good steps to avoid the pit.  It's amazing that you have over a year under your belt.  What's been the best part of not having alcohol in your life for that time?  
Hang in there it will get better soon. My second year was hard too. I had many of the same thoughts around 430 days but I just started posting here on the daily check-in each day and responding to a few people each day and it got me through it. You're doing great don't get discouraged! Just wanted to give you support. Have a great weekend! Peace and good vibes.
