-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6493sw/cravings_really_do_sneak_up_on_you_dont_they/

I've shaken it off for the most part now but I was totally shocked the other night when -- before drifting off to sleep -- I found myself thinking wistfully about the Friday nights I used to go home with 2 bottles of wine (super normal right?) cheese and crackers and a slice of cake planning to watch old movies by myself and unwind. I remember looking so forward to spending this time with myself after a long exhausting week. Then of course I'd wake up the next day shaking in a pool of sweat having inevitably ordered a 3rd or 4th bottle of wine to be delivered... and you know a pack of cigarettes too while I was at it. I was unable to handle god knows how many beautiful sunny Saturdays because I had that night before so god damned romanticized in my mind. Of course when I was in the struggle of trying to quit week to week I would think   okay this is my last Friday like this. Then I'll get sober. Good luck with that...I've finally broken free of this - 35 days sober today - and I feel so much better. Like SO MUCH. So I was really surprised to have this intense feeling of nostalgia pounce on me halfway through this last week. Crazy nostalgia for those Friday nights drinking out of a bottle of Rose smoking out my window (in my non-smoking rented apartment risking eviction). It's the first time I've thought to myself "Oh god maybe this won't be that easy." But in a way I'm grateful for that too because it's making me really keep an eye on it. Alcohol   cunning baffling powerful. No kidding. Just needed to share.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 35 days! I find those cravings sneak up on me. I had 82 days and then blew it. I went another week and then tried drinking again. Both times i went overboard was hung over and sleep deprived at work the next day. That stuff is poison to me. I need to stay away. I'm going to reread TNM. i'm not drinking with you today :)
You are gaining long term perspective that's good! It really helps to remind yourself of the mess you made when your brain starts to convince you that you miss it. And when it gets tough get back in 'day 1 mode'. One day at a time.
Congrats on the 35 days!  .Yep that illness is always there doing pushups &amp; whatnot staying in shape waiting for a weak moment! 
Wow I really identify with this. I loved to drink two+ bottles of wine on a Friday night and sit and listen to records. The force of that habit is strong... yesterday was my first day pushing through. I barely made it. And today while I was cooking dinner I would have killed for a bottle of wine. Used to have a drink before dinner while cooking...that would turn into at least one bottle on a weeknight. No good. I try to remember that part of the issue is the habit of swinging through the liquor store otw home on Friday... and that I haven't yet replaced it with a reasonable habit. Like walking my dog or...? Something. Maybe I can find a happy hour meeting on a Fri. Anyway hang in there I look forward to having 35 days too
Hell yes! Keep it up. Beautiful Saturday and Sunday mornings are one of my favorite new things
I still get the crazy nostalgia from time to time. The frequency is less and the feeling associated with it isn't as intense. Now I can take a step back and think "why am I romanticizing my drinking?" And it usually involves me being lonely bored .. or these days because I'm on a very restrictive diet I find myself fantasizing over booze because I'm hungry. Now I think "meh.. it'll pass" and it does....Good job playing it forward to what the next day would be like. The inability to stop drinking the night before the absolute waste of a day the next day. It's these thoughts that helped keep me sober in the beginning and where I go immediately when my lizard brain tries to trick me into thinking how lovely wine was. 
Jesus that's weird! I had really intense cravings for wine just as I was on the edge of sleep last night. Couldn't stop thinking about my ex the wine we used to drink almost every night parties I used to go to drinking outside in the summer...somehow when I was half asleep it all just seemed like a really good idea. Not this morning! Glad I'm waking up without a hangover!
