-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64afme/sober_a_little_over_four_months_and_struggling/

Hi y'all..I've been sober for a little over four months now. In early sobriety I had this wide eyed wonder hope for the future and iron will to do whatever it took to get better. I seem to have lost all of that...My drinking had got me to a point where I was crippled with depression and anxiety and sobriety showed me a way out of that. In sobriety I've gotten a great job I've lost about 35 pounds (I gained over 50 when I was in it the worst) I've read over 25 books I may be more self confident than I ever have been etc etc...A lot of good things have happened but I don't really feel that way nor am I feeling much pride over that accomplishment. I've lost the looking forward aspect. I keep being told I'm a success story and I've gotten everything back so quickly yadda yadda yadda but I've just lost the part of me that's seeing tangible goals and enjoying the thought of improving my self and life. I feel depressed and I don't know I feel like I had that initial feedback loop of quick reward I'm just not motivated anymore. I'm not really fighting urges to drink again as I know what that does to me but Im reaching out for a little inspiration. If anyone's been in a similar situation I'd really appreciate some insight...Thank you all!..Roger
----------immediate responses--------

I know just what you're describing.  I've been noticing that a lot of us in the 3-5 month range seem to be experiencing similar ennui - an existential crisis if you will.  My theory is that I paved over a lot of my stuff while drinking and now it's time to dig some of it up and/or make some life changes that I've been afraid to before.  So - I gots no answers just journeying one day at a time.  Hang in there RR.
I'm pretty new to sobriety but in IOP I learned quite a bit about paws (post acute withdrawal syndrome). There is probably a good chance you're going through this as I have learned it happens around your time of sobriety. I hope you're able to push past this if it is paws or something else and continue on your sober journey. Good luck friend.
Nice woo not drinking is great what books you been reading ?
The subtle transition from stopping drinking to living sober can be challenging.  The recovery path is not a straight line.  I experienced these challenging feelings throughout my recovery but have learned that my feelings are temporary and if I persevere without doing something stupid like drinking or drugging I will eventually feel better.
For me I know why I have urges and sometimes relapse I am self destructive every time things are going great or comfortable I must do something to remind myself I don't deserve peace in my life now the sober me knows this is the addition trying to suck me in and control me and if I let it it will take me down all the way down I know it's much easier to stay sober than get sober and so does my addiction that is why I must fight it to stay sober and it fights me to just have one if your like me one is never enough and for sure too much! Stay strong my friend good luck! Great tools at https://www.smartrecovery.org
