-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64b0wu/yesterday_i_used_a_coffee_scoop/

...to divide my dad's ashes among my family and myself. I'm just trying to wrap my mind around that...This weekend my family and I took his remains to the ocean to release. He lived as an alcoholic for 20 years and never once could acknowledge he had a problem...I've struggled for a long time with anger towards him. This weekend opened up an unprecedented opportunity to think of him as just an imperfect living thing with a severe disease. And it hurts SO MUCH. It hurts more than anger because I wish I could've seen that clearly when he was alive. I just wasn't mature enough (in my early 20s)...But I'm also reviewing some of my own drinking habits... And wow. I drink every evening. I rush when I get home from work to have a beer. I skip meals and substitute alcohol. I NEVER wake up early anymore to exercise because I use that time to stay up and finish another beer. I always want to get drunker than my friends. ..I've felt guilt for a while for my drinking habits but oh my god I am seriously realizing that I'm on a slippery slope and it is real. I want to reset but I'm scared. A drink right at this moment is so tempting but the thought also makes my stomach hurt. ..Just wanted to share with someone. This has been a hard week. I'm happy to have found this subreddit though. Feeling optimistic to read about everyone else's experiences and progress!
----------immediate responses--------

First sorry for your loss. Good on you though for taking it as an opportunity to reflect on your own relationship with alcohol. You sound very honest about acknowledging the negative impacts. It's ok to grieve and my experience is that without the numbing effects of alcohol I'm better able to integrate difficult experiences. Take the time you need to grieve... I won't drink with you tonight..
So sorry for your loss. I well remember digging out ashes for each of the boys to release into the ocean. ..Both my sister and I got sober after that. ..Good luck may peace be with you. And let's not drink together. 
Sorry for your loss.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you.  I lost my Dad a couple years ago to this disease.  I know the depressant drug alcohol doesn't help me deal with sadness.
I remember after my parents died clearing all the alcohol out of the house. I got intoxicated from the fumes pouring it out there was so much in the house. ..I applaud you for dealing with the ashes. I couldn't. After dealing with all their alcohol I let my sisters do the scattering...Does that mean I stopped drinking? Of course not. Who did I learn it from? My goal now is to stop this behavior in this generation. My kids don't need to experience this..
I am sorry for your loss. My Mother died 10 years ago. I have her ashes. I had been sober 10 years before she died. I started drinking after she died. I'm now over 4 months sober. What you said about wrapping your head around scooping your Dads ashes I can't wrap my head around having my Moms ashes. I planned on releasing them and just couldn't.  I still dont know how but feel like I'm glad I didn't do it when I was still drinking. Thanks for posting .I wish you all the best and strength.  .
Im so sorry you lost your father. But dividing his ashes sounds like a really sacred gift and moment. ..We don't have to die alcoholic deaths. We don't have to drink again.  
