-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64d2wy/first_post_day_2_loneliness/

Hi everyone I'm on day 2 of being sober and this morning I feel hopeful but also confused about how to change a couple things in my life that really need to change if I am to lock in a sober life. My biggest quandary is how to build myself a positive social life. I struggle with that due to frequently feeling anxious and irritated in social situations. I am a guy who needs his alone time but I also need more people-time than I have had for a couple years. I have a girlfriend of a few months now and that helps with the loneliness but I am determined NOT to make the mistake I have in the past of using her as my sole social outlet. The close friends I once had have moved away in recent years. My drinking used to "help" me socialize but in the past couple years I have mostly consumed alcohol alone as a substitute for social contact. As I've aged into my (gulp) late 30s I have felt it growing harder and harder for me to have a healthy social life and form or maintain close friendships. Obviously I am an introvert and need less social contact than some but I am really starting to feel the loneliness.  I welcome any advice from others who've dealt with a similar issue in building a sober social life. Finally I also realize that my past attempts to cut down or stop drinking have involved little to no seeking of social support.  (This even though I had a positive experience resolving another substance issue in a similar forum in the past...hmmm maybe I'm just now truly serious about quitting drinking.) So I appreciate the chance to share these things and I look forward in general to giving and receiving some support with truly stopping drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Loneliness was one of the reasons I went to AA. It is safe place. Being in a room with others who understood and wanted to stop drinking was comforting and gave me home. Also  I made sober friends. 
I made friends through attending Refuge Recovery meetings. I'm very similar to you in that my primary social outlet was my husband; I now have a small but close-knit group of friends who are supportive in sobriety and who I can go out and do things with. Best wishes!
The loneliness is really difficult for me as well. At least know you're not the only one experiencing this. I'm in my mid 30s and going through similar stuff
Congrats on day 2! I have found that volunteering is a wonderful way to socialize. Best wishes on your journey.
first congrats...Second Id give myself a break and realize it's only been two days. You won't be alone forever simply because you don't  drink. :) Youve a lot of time to figure that out 
