-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64fkwo/my_first_ever_100_days_has_been_hit/

First off thank you /r/stopdrinking for posting your stories and bearing your soul.  Reading stories of recovery relapse redemption struggles and heart break made me realize that I wasn't doing this alone despite the feeling I was.  Since 2007 the longest I've been sober was around 60 days.  For the last seven of those 10 years I had been struggling with drinking.  At the time I didn't even want to consider a life without alcohol I wanted to learn to moderate.  I can't even recall how many times I've tried to moderate and failed at it or how many times I've said "I'm done with drinking" only to start the cycle anew.  ..I don't have any profound insight as to what has changed but I think in part when 2017 rolled around I decided from that point forward I am going to rid myself of this horrible habit once and for all.  I'm sure things will become clearer as time goes on what was the true catalyst of my cessation from drinking is but for now it's not exactly clear.  All I know for certain is that I feel better I laugh more I think and act better and generally far less cynical and depressed than I was before.  There are still days or even just moments where the urge comes about but I remembered to repeat to myself one simple phrase I've seen echoed on this sub countless times; "Today I will not drink."  It's simple and it's powerful.  So often I looked at my sobriety in terms of how long I had to do this for and how am I ever going to make it stick for the rest of my life?  Instead of focusing on the hear and now I focused on the "what-if's".  Once I learned that focusing my efforts of sobriety on today and only today did I really start to feel I regained that control I had lost so long ago...For all those still struggling I just want to say that I never thought I'd be able to make it to 100 days for the longest time.  It's a daunting task to realize you have a problem with alcohol let alone stop your consumption willingly.  Rarely do good things come easily but I can tell you that within these 100 days my outlook and disposition in general have improved immeasurably.  Some days I still struggle and some days I just don't feel like I'm in a good mood but those are getting increasingly further (or is it farther?) in between.  It really started with just making today count and only today.  It doesn't matter what may come tomorrow or the next week because if I can focus my will and power on today it'll make all the difference.  It's a lot easier when you have an objective set out for the day rather than an objective for your entire life.  It's easier to focus on not drinking today than it is to say you'll never drink again because today is doable it's a significantly smaller time frame and well within anybody's capabilities to handle...Thanks for reading and stay sober friends!  I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Needed to read this post. Thank you for sharing and congrats. I won't drink with you today...
This post rocks!
Awesome!
Well done :)
So many people so huge world and so many similarities..I will not drink with you today.
