-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64jk6e/quitting_drinking_101/

Hi all..On this my 101st day sober I wanted to quickly share the biggest thing that got me here. ..Twice before I stopped drinking for a month. EXACTLY a month. Because that was the goal when I started ya see -- "Let's see if I can make it a month without alcohol and then we'll reassess and go from there." The problem with each of those dry spells is that I wasn't committing to sobriety. I was just a drunk who was on a little break -- and I'd spend the entire time just looking at the calendar:.."Just three more weeks and then I can drink again!"."Just two more weeks!"."Nine more days!"."Four more!".Etc...And then as soon as I made it there was no reassessing. It was just "YAY I DID IT LET'S DRINK AGAIN!!" and I fell completely back into the old habits that made me want to quit in the first place. Absolutely nothing would change. ..This time I didn't set an end date. And I've struggled. I miss alcohol. I haven't gotten that pink cloud that I've read about on here. I still haven't found anything I look forward to as much as I used to look forward to drinking...But I'm here at 101 days. I won't drink today I won't drink tomorrow and I don't know when I'll drink again. And that's the mindset that I needed to implement in order to stop. ..Since r/stopdrinking has been so helpful to me throughout this process I thought I'd share in case anyone else has also struggled with pushing past certain benchmarks for sobriety. Because you might need to just get rid of the benchmarks. 
----------immediate responses--------

great job mate! hang in there!
That was exactly me.  I stopped for 30 days at a time lots of times.  I have found taking the time limit off from 30 days to indefinitely has made it much easier not to think about it.  There is no when anymore.  
Great attitude. ..I simply ask myself if I were to have a drink how exactly would it help anything or make any problems go away?   
A lot of people get discouraged when they think "I'm never going to have a drink again!". That's why AA emphasizes one day at a time. ..I can't stop myself from drinking yesterday and I can't stop myself from drinking tomorrow. I can only stop myself from drinking today and that's what I do. 
I purchased and read "This Naked Mind".  It has helped me find SO MANY reasons to realize that I don't *want* to ever drink again.  ..There's a link in SD where one should be able to download the PDF for free. ..You got this.  We're here for you.
Good post. It's not a reward to drink if drinking was causing problems. Haha I almost relate it to "hey I broke my arm! When it's healed I'm gonna break it again because fuck it!". I like the mindset of no benchmark. Thanks for posting.
