-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64k9r2/having_trouble_getting_back_on_the_wagon/

I felt great for 5 months of soberity. I had my first beers on March 4th and ever since have struggled to regain my composure. This past Saturday scarred the crap out of me. That I was ingesting a substance powerful enough to have me question my own life. I spent Sunday puking and today I can saw without a shadow of a doubt that I hate alcohol. It used to be my friend my coping mechanism. But my friend has turned on me and took me to a dark place. I want to be back in the light again. I want to live. ..Your stories are so helpful. I makes me feel like I'm not alone in this battle. So thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

It usually took getting to a crisis point for me to get back on the wagon. Not fun. It's why I'm also always concerned when I see people go out and come back after having one or two thinking they are back...having one or two eventually leads me to a very dark place every time. I will not drink with you today!
Hey all drugs do that.  Alcohol is no different to heroin or coke its just legal.  I had a 6month blackout but I'm back and have got a lot of encouragement.     keep posting the experienced sd's will have excellent advice
I used alcohol because it did for me what I could not do for myself. ..Until it didn't. ..Sobriety not just dry is the thebomb.com as they say. 
Today I Will not drink with you x
I'm with you!  Every time i went back to drinking - it only reinforced how bad it is for me.  
As for my personal experience (3 days right now) it's taken me a lot to want to quit. I was able to get some time together but nothing of significance. The approach I feel I felt I've taken in the past is one one of recreating the original experience. I did so well for longer than I had in my life. Possibly think of getting sober again but while recognizing the greatest parts of the past experience try and be open to a completely new experience. All my results of recreation have ended in utter failure. 
You are absolutely not alone.  I will not drink with you today.
I'm so glad to see you back! You are not alone on this battle. Let's do this together!
You can do this! I believe in you! 
Thank you all for your kind comments! Putting day 2 to bed and looking forward to day 3. I appreciate all of you so much. 
Yeah that'sthe problem.  Making it back to recovery is not always easy.  It is easier with a close support network.
