-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64pnre/100_days_happy_westyman/

I'm not usually a great one for milestones.  ..Birthdays especially at my ripe old age ( I'll admit to being 54 ) seem to be increasingly less of a reason for celebration.  Wedding anniversaries - well perhaps less said about those at the moment......  Anyway I'm just not usually prone to going overboard with unbridled waves of joy and contagious enthusiasm when markers are achieved.  Until today.  ..Today marks 100 days since Mr Grumpy Toomuchredwineagain Westyman had a drink and I would like to use this post to reach out to all those SDers on here who are wondering if they will be able to stop drinking and start living again.  It doesn't matter if you are 21 years old or my age.  I have changed my life for the better and you can too.  Just believe in yourself trust that you are stronger than a glass of wine or a bottle of beer and above all realise that alcohol is a bloody nasty sneaky sly destructive and evil poison.  I've done it and you can too.  Don't look too far ahead and don't have that first drink.  Moderation does not work...I don't know if I was an alcoholic and I don't care.  I do know that I was drinking far too much than was good for me.  On 1st January I woke up with yet another horrendous hangover after yet another evening with friends when I forgot to stop drinking before it was too late.  I swore to myself that I would do Dry January just like so many times before but this time I meant it.  Something had changed.  Maybe I had just reached the end of my drinking life.  Maybe my subconscious mind had simply realised that I had to stop.   Whatever it was I did stop drinking and thus began this new sober part of my life.  So what has changed along the way?  I could write a very very long list but here are some of the highlights that I am sure are familiar to many of you.. .- No horrible hangovers that were becoming progressively more debilitating and scary...- No more night sweats and waking up at 4.00am unable to remember the last part of the evening and how I got to bed...- Blissful heavenly sober sleep.  Words cannot properly describe how wonderful it is...- No more guilt about what I might have said and to whom...- No more setting a bad example to my 3 teenage children...- Money.  Probably somewhere between  450 -  600 not spent on alcohol.  Not money saved I should add - see the point above for the reason :)..-  I am 17lbs lighter ( was 179lbs now 162lbs ) than I was on 1st January and am cycling again most days.  I am fitter and healthier than I have been for years.  I feel really really good...- I am quite happy to be a late night taxi driver for my kids and don't have to worry about getting behind the wheel in the mornings either.  Everyone's a winner! ..- My life is no longer ruled by the time on the clock that signalled that it was now "acceptable" to open a bottle of wine as a reward for whatever I had done during the day...- I am genuinely happy not drinking. The thought of having a glass of wine or pint of beer is now actually quite repellent and just in case I should ever have the slightest doubt I now carry a mental tape that I can play to myself and the image of my drunk former self is more than enough to keep me on the path of the sobernauts...- Sober thinking.  This is the one that has perhaps been most surprising.  I've read books devoured hundreds if not thousands of posts on here and really - and I mean really - thought about what I was doing with my life.  I was running away from things drowning some painful realities in a sea of red wine hoping that by avoiding having to tackle them that the problems would somehow go away.  They never do and trying to drink them away only made matters a whole lot worse.  I don't know if my marriage will survive.  But I will.  ..In January 2017 quite by accident I discovered this site and can honestly say that it has proved a source of continued inspiration and support.  So to all my fellow sobernauts I would say this...THANK YOU!!!!..Thank you for your support your unflinching honesty your ability to freely express what drinking was doing to your lives and how sobriety is changing your life and the lives of your family and friends.  This is a wonderful community and I feel privileged to be a part of it...To those who are struggling to stay sober I say this.  Keep trying.  You can do it.  Don't let this shit beat you...I will not drink with you all today...
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on triple digits Westyman! I'm so glad that you're enjoying the benefits of sobriety. Isn't it awesome to be off the alcohol time clock and be able to drive any time of the day or night without the paranoia?! Love it! Thanks for sharing the inspiration.
Happy Westyman = Happy me...I am so so pleased for you.  For all the things you have achieved over the last 100 days and for the benefits that you have found...And I am so thankful that you have been here and shared your thoughts experiences and concerns with us.  You've inspired supported and been here for me at some of my best and worst times and I am so grateful for that...I hope you have even a tiny understanding of the important impact you're having on others; your kids your dogs and so any people here...Congrats again Westy be proud of yourself and I am grateful you made that decision in January..xxx
I've enjoyed being on the journey with you. This group and all the support has been godsend. Congrats! What an accomplishment!! You did it!
Congrats Westy!! I relate to most of this. Seems like yesterday it was Jan 1 but also a long time ago. I will celebrate by not drinking with you. 
What a great post! Thank you :)
Hey Triple Digits!  And tomorrow your first triple-D Palindrome!..Congratulations!
Impressive and congratulations!! All of these are amazing to read and I can't wait to read about more positive impacts in your life!
I always wonder where that money comes from for booze... even if I had  0 in my bank account I'd find some money somewhere for a bottle of wine. How!? Why!? :')
congratulations!!
Awesome list westy nice work!! :)
Hello Westy. Thanks for your positive post and hearty congratulations on your busy happy sober life. I'm sure many fellow SDers will find something in your milestone reflection to help them along. ..For a split second I thought this was my own post Ha ha given the 3 teenage children the on-call taxi driving the happy sober the realisation that alcohol is a poison the accidental discovery of this truly wonderful and genuinely supportive and definitely life changing sub. (It was the "poison" that really clicked it for me: once I got my mind to see alcohol as a poison (and after watching numerous youtube videos about the harms of alcohol) it made stop drinking an absolute no brainer and because my body hadn't become dependent on alcohol it was quite easy to stop drinking.) ..My best wishes to you on being a hero to those around and close to you be they human canine or otherwise. I like tea - I'll drink that to you. 
