-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64zncv/do_i_tell_my_boss/

.I'm trying to quit drinking but having a hard time. I keep calling in sick and just got the call this morning from my boss that she wants to have a "conversation". I'd like to be honest with her and say how much I'm struggling but I also might lose my job. I'm trying to decide if it's worth it to keep going at it alone or just let the guard down by filling her in. ...I've opened up to my friends but they don't think it's a real problem. They kinda laugh it off. Even the friend with an alcoholic mom says that it's her moms fault for being an alcoholic and not being stronger than it. This makes part of me think I'm just a weaker person. I'd like to be a strong person. Battling this on my own is taking a lot out of me but I don't want to put it on anyone else. And I don't want to be judged. ..That's why I'm considering telling my boss just to humble myself and be truthful. Though I could lose my job. And I would have to commit to being sober if I admit I'm an alcoholic. I'm not sure what to do. ..Now I'm just rambling but thanks for reading and for any advice y'all have. .
----------immediate responses--------

Why are you calling in sick? Wouldn't it be better to be occupied with work to get your mind off the quitting? I'd be honest but I'd also really be pushing to be in --even if part time--to show your commitment?
Personally I shared too much too soon and regretted it.  There is no rush in early sobriety to tell the world though that can feel exciting or whatever.  I am on a need to know basis I have nothing to gain by oversharing.
The best advice on these types of things I have ever received was this:.."If you think you may need professional help you need professional help." ..As far as keeping your job goes you are absolutely right. No matter what happens these next few days it sounds like sobriety is the only way to keep that job long-term. ..Telling your boss may back-fire or it may buy you some time. As you know your situation and relationship with your boss better than any of us do you are probably the most qualified to predict the reaction. What I can tell you is how I would handle this:..1) I would get help. AA or a medical professional. I would do this today...2) I would at the end of my visit ask the professional or group their opinion and if I could use them as a reference...3) Assuming they agreed to being used as a reference I would spill the beans to my boss and show him/her I was getting help by providing the reference number...I hope this gives some food for thought. Good luck! 
Had a similar situation. If you want to tell your boss have a plan in mind or better yet written out. It shows you are serious and are willing to put effort in. That's why I did and I still have my job :)
Does your workplace have an employee assistance program? I would avoid telling your boss other than *health problems* but HR might point you to an EAP.
I agree with most here. I'm a manager in large corp. i suggest you don't share with company people yet. The only reason is that you need job. Company is not your friend or famility or even like here totally strangers. Once you stop drinking and change your behaviour in terms of job performance then that's what company demands from you and nothing more.  
I told my Boss I was having personal problems caused by my breakup... made it seem more like a depression thing. I did not go into the alcohol issue but immediately after the conversation I started going to AA and trying to work on recovery. I decided I will absolutely not mention it unless I have to go to rehab...You might as well commit to being sober as it doesn't sound like your current strategy of whatever you are doing is too helpful.
Hey guys in general off topic. Please remember that HR department is not to protect you and your employment but to protect company. I know it doesn't sound positive but that's true and please keep this in mind.
