-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/650gl8/random_extreme_guilt_what_happened_kind_words/

I have a close friend who's relative has been struggling with addiction. In sharing my own story (about ruining a vacation with my husband) with this person I started feeling extremely anxious and terrible feelings of guilt/regret. I haven't felt this bad in a while. 472 days later and certain things I did still haunt me. :( I'm not tempted to drink or anything (contrary I'm very glad not to be) but I just feel like a terrible person the more I think back on the situation. I'm sure a lot of these feelings will never go away but I'm surprised at how much it still hurts. I kind of hate myself right now and could use some supportive words. 
----------immediate responses--------

:( im sorry you feel this way. its something i deal with in waves often with overwhelming shame. i guess what helps me is realising you are the only person who knows all of the shameful things you have done. everyone has their 'pot' of shame and just as we don't know what is in anyone else's 'pot' they often don't know/remember ours. 
I look back at things and feel regret at what I did or how I behaved. That is a good thing. It is an internal governor that that helps set today's behavior and tomorrow's behavior. I can't do a damn thing about what has already happened. The very best I can do is my best today. There are no excuses there are no ways to not be held accountable for what I have done. The only thing I can control is today and so today I choose to be a better me. Self loathing wont do me any good and it for damn sure wont do anyone else any good. I am the product of my experiences and whilst I have great flaws I have also great abilities and I chose to lean forward into what I can control. I wish you well and I wish you peace. .
I feel terrible about some of the things I have done. I try and not dwell on them but it is a great motivation in not drinking again.  A couple of things time is a great thing and you can leave the bad things behind you! Secondly we are all human and can mess up due to drink and of course for many reasons. Alcoholism is a disease but it does require you to take the first drink.  It is not always viewed as a disease but more as a selfish pursuit.  Things change and so do people life is short just accept your past make amends and move on in a positive and kind but not a selfish or ignorant way!
Therapy and working the steps in AA gave me tools to deal with the shame and regret of my past drinking days. Give yourself credit for what you've accomplished by staying sober 472 days! However I found there is more to recovery than simply not drinking. Therapy and AA provided the help I needed to make peace with myself and my past. 
My daughter is singing in the bathtub as I read this and I am crying silently as I sit here listening to her. I missed a lot of her life because of my drinking and I put her in some fucked up situations which robbed her of the opportunity to develop her sense of self in a healthy way. I know I haven't done a good job as a mother and I know that both she and I will have to pay a price for that. It breaks my heart and I cannot believe I chose alcohol over the health of my family. ..On the other hand I am aware now I have awoken from my drunken stupor and I'm ready to be as present and as healthy as I can be for us. I can listen to her singing beautifully and really appreciate this small moment for what it is: a touching snapshot of my life to be cherished. ..So while she is behind closed doors I will mourn with you the loss of the time we let go and the opportunity to make the right decision in all those past moments...But when she comes out I will dry my eyes and engage with her: truly enjoying and connecting with her to the best of my ability. I will cherish every moment that I am given by the grace of this life because that is the only thing I can change. I hope you will join me.
I can still work myself over things I did 20 years ago. I suspect it's just part of the human condition for some of us. And I would guess that minority here on earth are more predisposed to abuse alcohol or other substances. Sounds like your conscience is just reminding you who you are - someone who wants to do right by others. Sometimes it works to just say "thank you" to that feeling when it arises let it fade and be who you want today. Hope you feel better soon.
