-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/652rzn/obligatory_relapse_post/

I did it. I drank again. Just days before my 2 month mark. I tried to have just one glass of wine at the bar. I am not even sure why I did it. I wasn't in much pain (I have been seeing a chiropractor twice a week because my neck and back are so messed up) I wasn't sad or happy or lonely or anything. I had just made new friends at the mycology society I joined and learned about some mushrooms that grow in my area in springtime. I had a great day at work. I was feeling perfectly fine. Too perfect I guess because the thought just popped into my head and I wasn't in control again. "Go drink some wine" it said. "We will just have one" it said. LIES. I had to call into work because I feel so horrible today. I slept until 4pm. I gave my number to bar people I would prefer not ever see again. My knee is missing a bit of skin and I can't remember that happening. My house had cans and trash and dishes all of over and I don't have the energy to do anything about it. I am starving but eating is nauseating. I have a pounding headache. I know better. I know there is no such thing as one glass of wine for me. I know I act like an idiot when I drink. I know I will lose the next day. I know all of the things a good little recovery girl should know. What the hell is wrong with me?! I was doing so well reading books on alcoholism going to refuge recovery meetings and meditating a bunch. Now the gentle spring sunshine that I should have been hanging out in all day is too bright and hurting my head. Booze turns every good thing into something bad. I have an appointment with my doctor tomorrow about getting Naltrexone and antidepressants. I resisted the chemical path but I don't care anymore. I want to beat my alcohol monster and I don't care how. I want to have hobbies and be accountable and able to show up for myself everyday. Not this bullshit going on today! ..If you are reading this because you are having a moment of weakness please for the love of god don't drink that first drink! It doesn't taste like your memory of it. It just tastes like bad choices and regret! If you already drank a drink pour it out. Take a benedrl and go to sleep. Don't make your tomorrow look like my today. So not worth it! ..Thanks for reading my rant it feels good getting it off my chest. You guys are the best and I will not drink with you today (or hopefully ever again)! ..TL;DR Drinking is stupid. I am stupid for drinking. Don't drink!..Update Edit: Thank you all for your support! I really means the world to me that you all care and I that I may have helped a few people that were tempted! I have seen my doctor and we are going forward not only with Naltrexone but also Baclonfen which is a muscle relaxer that helps with alcohol cravings! I am also going to try a Buspar which is a drug that mimics an SSRI but is not one (I have had bad reactions to them in the past then again I was still drinking so who knows?) We agreed that I will not be on them forever and we are going to carefully monitor these things at very low doses to start since I am usually sensitive to medications. I have had several personal tragedies and stresses recently so this is just to get over this hump and get used to my sober life then I can slowly get off of them and on to a more natural and sustainable herbal counterparts (my doctors office also offers natural medicine appointments in the evenings). I feel so blessed to have this community and to have such an awesome doctor. I am going to a Refuge Recovery meeting tonight and I will hopefully be able to find a mentor and start on some step work right away! Lets up our recovery games and beat this shit together!!!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;It doesn't taste like your memory of it. It just tastes like bad choices and regret!..This is so good. Thank you for sharing your experience. Well done on coming right back and also on seeing a doctor tomorrow. Let us know how it goes.
Glad you came back. It sounds like you forget the mantra "The only drink you don't have to drink is the 1st one."  That first glass of wine got ya.  Sorry you're feeling like crap.  It's time to start anew!  Hang in there. I'm looking forward to not drinking with you today and the next day!
The warm weather has increased my alcohol cravings and I'm finding the "one drink to relax in the sun won't hurt you deserve it...." thought going through my mind more than I'd care to admit.  Thank you for posting your experience relapsing and momentarily silencing that voice I am hearing.  I will not drink with you today and I won't drink with you this summer. Good luck at your doctor's appointment :).  And thank you for being so brace as to come back quickly and help the rest of us in the process.
You slipped. It happens. Remember the disappointment and the regret that came with it. Don't beat yourself up over it but if you find yourself thinking of it remember it all again...I'm struggling pretty hard at the moment too with alcohol and other DOC's. I get about a week into sobriety and I slip. Best of luck to you friend  
It sucks to learn things the hard way.  Thanks for sharing your experience.  I really think that reading relapse stories helps me to ignore that voice that says moderation is possible.  ..I will not drink today.  ..Good job for making an appointment with your doctor and getting back on the sober path.  You can do it!
I needed to see this post tonight. Let's hop back on the sober path together!
Thank you for sharing your story. .I hope you are well soon. I think you could think that night was necessary for you someday..Please take care.
Thanks for writing this I'm on another day one there's seriously been hundreds of day ones for me. So fucking sick of this. Not drinking with you today!
Thanks for the post. It happens but try and remember this day when that first one comes calling
Thanks for sharing - I'm sorry all of that happened but it will just make you stronger the next time! If it's any constellation posts like this takes that tempting voice out of  my head.  The tempting voice is a lie - something we all need to remember.  Congrats on the quick realization and not going down the dark rabbit hole. 
The classic sliparoo. Take it as a convincer the best in the book have had em! Us humans aren't as incontrol of our brains as we would like to think. Especially when you throw an addictive drug like alcohol into the mix and the neuro mechanissms by which addiction arises.. errm arise.....Triggers not enough social pressure to stay sober leading to rationailazafions and bad decisions compounded by the belligerent nature of life immediately following relapse. Been there lol I got a lot out of my mistakes though identified the killer(s).And locked em out from future goings on!..The first 48 is important in any investigation and I'm glad I did some thinking while it was fresh in my mind 
I'm on Naltrexone Duloxetine and Ativan and this combo really works. I haven't had a single drink since I started naltrexone. ..Treat it for what it is it's a disease. Alcohol is physically addictive your brain can't function properly without it when you're drinking hard. ..I don't remember the term for the withdrawal but my hangovers got so bad that I was twitching on the couch for 18 hours coming down. ..Fuck alcohol there's way better drugs that are way better for you than booze. ..Also Duloxetine is marketed for pain management too. Google it and look for the other brand names you've probably heard at least one of them before. ..Best of luck I'll be thinking of you tomorrow when I'm not having a drink. 
I'm really glad I I got online and read your post.  You describe The main stumbling block I've been dealing with for a good while.  It seems like most of the time my head is on straight and it's easy to make the right decisions avoid alcohol etc.  Then seemingly out of nowhere I have a new way of thinking about life (I should say the old way of thinking returns). I am able to remind myself of all of the reasons why I should not drink but it just doesn't seem to matter to me. When I get to feeling like that I don't think I want it to matter to me either...It's a sort of nihilism. It's easy to convince myself that nothing really matters. So what if I have a beer or two?  Is a hangover the end of the world? Am I supposed to go through life like a straightlaced man doing all the right things and living by the book? Life isn't perfect why don't I just accept that I'm a man who enjoys getting drunk once in a while?..The next morning I realize the answers to all those questions immediately upon awakening. I've begun to worry that I don't have what it takes to not fall for that state of mind that pops up in the blink of an eye...I like your approach and I'm really glad I read the others' thoughts and experiences.  I've been reading meditating and thinking about how to deal with the problem in the future...Thank you for the post and all your words. I will not drink with you today. And I hope you keep us all posted on your journey...PS   I've posted this before but all that we've been talking about here very much reminds me of the song The Beast in Me by Nick Lowe.  I will put a link for those who are interested.
Beating addictions isn't all or nothing. It's never fun to read about a slip up but they do happen. Move past it and don't drink today. Best of luck to you. 
This sounds like me two weeks ago after I quit for over 3 months. I made stupid choices too but hey im back and Im not drinking with you today. Don't beat yourself up. You learned and you are back here. Hope you feel better soon   
Thanks for sharing such an honest and detailed post this is a sad day but you seem to be taking it and using it as a learning experience.  You are stronger you will go longer and no one can stop you.
To a sober tomorrow. Sending love and light. 
Keep at it! .  
&gt; Drinking is stupid. I am stupid for drinking. Don't drink...Um ... sorry but I'm gonna call you out on this bit right here.  YOU are not stupid for drinking.  Assuming you're an alcoholic like me then drinking is the normal state.  You're strong when you don't and blessed with a gift when the desire to drink is no longer part of you...Just my thinkin' is all ... ain't no need to get down on a dog for barkin' or an alcoholic for drinkin' :) 
Thank you for posting this.  I'll carry this post around in my head just in case my own little bastard monster dares to try and tempt me...I wish you well.  Stay strong and learn from this experience.
Do you know how many goddamn "just one drink..." nights I've had that turned into complete shitshows? More than I dare to count. I can't count! Going through your post I can check through everything you wrote. Countless mysterious bruises random number-passouts and hookups from the bar stupid emotional texts/phonecalls emails piles of trash in my room doing drugs and partying with complete strangers calling out of work (or just not showing up)... my God I've been there. That was me literally three months ago...What you just went though happens. You are going to be perfectly fine after all of this so take a deep breath and stop beating yourself up about it. You are still in recovery and you ought to be kind to yourself (that's hard I know!!) now more than ever! Because you're learning about yourself and dealing with problems and learning just how little alcohol you can tolerate. You learned something from last night even if you've made this same mistake before and that's that you can't have any amount of alcohol. Believe it or not it will stick eventually...Keep coming back good luck with your doctor and your meds (there's no shame and this is coming from a natural foods as-little-drugs-as-possible kind of person). 
Thank you thank you thank you..................thank you. 
Thanks for this! I hope you aren't beating yourself up too much you're still awesome :)
I did the same around 50-ish days (and while I was hosting the daily check in on here ffs.) I still don't know why. But those 50-odd days of sobriety still count. Thinking about you.
Welcome back. Glad you're here...I don't think you're stupid or that anything's wrong with you. I wish I could tell you that I never drank when I "knew" that it was wrong but that would be a lie. I think making an appointment with your doctor and talking with him / her honestly about what's going on is a great idea.
Don't feel bad. At least your one night of drinking just stopped there. My "one drink" failure usually sets off a multi-day bender where I eventually have to pull myself out of after calling in sick for a few days with work spending all my money and generally becoming an alcoholic hermit for long durations. Sometimes the bender can last for weeks or months...Also beware of naltrexone. According to these forums doctors seem to hand them out like they are an abstinence tool and they certainly are not. In fact they are the literal opposite to abstinence treatment. Naltrexone is an opiate antagonist which blocks the pleasure receptors in the brain. The idea of the Sinclaire method is to train the brain to disassociate alcohol with reward and that takes time. It is meant for alcoholics who literally can't stop drinking and need a tool to curb the impulse to drink. You sound like someone who's maintained abstinence but had a slip up. That's very different...The Sinclaire method doesn't work like that. It has to interrupt prolonged alcoholism so intermittent spurts of naltrexone will have very little if any effect. It's metabalised through the liver so you are putting unnecessary strain on the one organ you've already abused...You would be better off having something like antabuse on hand for times where you feel like you may slip. It's important to have the right drugs on hand for your behavior if medication is the route you're going.
Thanks for sharing and well done on your great attitude to get right back to sobriety. 
Thanks for sharing. I almost relapsed recently and posts like these add the extra bit of motivation that I am sometimes lacking!
I will not drink with you today
Thanks for a great reminder - sorry you had to experience it but know that it can make you stronger. Happy day one!!!
Thank you for your honesty.
You are *not* stupid for drinking...Living with a lifelong disease is a motherfucker.  Ill not drink with you today :)
I won't drink with you today also just learned an unfortunate lesson re: drinking again  (le sigh) ..We got this! 
This was practically a daily occurrence for me don't beat yourself up because I think relapses happen to a lot of people. One useful thing about having an AA sponsor is you are supposed to call them if you feel like drinking so they can talk you out of it. You should be thankful you made it to the 2 month mark I'd be happy to make it to 2 weeks. I just got naltrexone myself. 
Thank you so much for posting this! And you are back here. I am not drinking with you today!
I've gone back to drinking more times than I can count. I'm 56 and I've started over multiple times in every decade since I turned 20.  All before I discovered this subreddit. Your post tells the story of my biggest threat. Thank You! Thank you for posting for being so honest. Thank you for taking up the fight against the monster again! I needed this post thank you! When I'm struggling and hurting the most I fight against the monster. The more dangerous time is when things in my life are pretty good. I hear you! I'm so glad you are back and posting. I won't drink with you today..
I could have written this post word for word. I will not be stupid with you today. 
