-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6561jt/my_whole_entire_life_just_got_turned_upside_down/

I don't even know where to start. I thought my marriage was great and that everything was amazing in my life right now. I mean nothing's perfect but it sure felt like it was pretty damn close to it these past few months. Yesterday was my husband and I's 7th anniversary. I was so happy so elated and my heart was filled with so much love and joy. And then everything came crashing down. We share the same phone right now because mine was broken by my daughter. I saw some very shady text messages to a prostitute. *sigh* And now I'm crying again. I've been crying for almost 24 hours now. I feel so fucking stupid. ..I spent about a whole month on his anniversary present. It was a love journal/scrapbook of all our best memories together and I talked about not being able to wait to spend the rest of my life with him. And while I was doing this to think at the same time this month he's been going behind my back messaging a prostitute and coming home and smiling in my face is so disgusting to me. I feel like a fool. I want to just whither away to nothing and disappear forever. And I REALLY want to drink. I don't think I will but it's really hard right now...My husband has gone from being "in love with me" one night to now telling me he wants to be single and free again...So here I am the most heartbroken I've ever felt in my life. Trying to figure out how to stay sober in this mess of my life. I need to start planning on how I'm going to get back to California to be with my family. But I can't stop crying.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry. Heartbreak from infidelity is the worst pain there is. Finding out that my husband was giving blowjobs to other men triggered my descent into the bottle as a way to cope. But it wasn't coping -- it created a whole new set of problems. I hope you stay strong!
Ugh that sucks. I like when people here say to "play the tape forward". What would happen if you drank? What would be next? ..My answer for myself is...nothing good! I'd be back at my old self-destructive habits within a few weeks. I don't wanna go back there...I will not drink with you today.
That's heartbreaking. Your husband sounds like a dick bag. If you chose to forgive him and stay together that's OK. If you chose to move on and separate y'know that's OK too. It must hurt really bad and that's OK. Everything will be OK. 
I had a whole lot more crap come into my life after I stopped drinking than while I was.  I know for a fact that I could not have dealt with it without being clear-headed and sober.when bad things happen thinking worrying and feeling sorry are the worst possible reactions and they usually lead to drinking.  And there will be plenty of time for those things in the future.  Action is what makes us feel better and gives focus to our minds.  Problems get solved through actions not thoughts.  What's the best thing you can DO right now?  And when that's completed what's next on your list of things to do?  It won't remove the pain but it'll get you to a better place where you can deal with it.
My heart aches for you right now and what you're going through.  Two years ago at exactly this time I was you.  I played that tape forward and drank the last two years away.  I can only tell you from personal experience that alcohol impedes what ever healing process that you're going to embark upon.  Not to mention the obvious harm done to your health finances etc.  I'd give anything to have pulled my head out of my ass and deleted facebook hit the gym and put down the booze.  Hindsight is 20/20.  Take it from someone who did all of the unhealthiest things on the planet to escape heartbreak that its much harder but worth it to hunker down and endure the storm with a clear head and reasonable mind.  
oh god i'm so sorry that you are experiencing such pain. my heart truly goes out to you. i want to discourage you from drinking it can only make you feel worse. stay strong x
I have never been through anything like this but my husband's sister did. Her husband was cheating with multiple women all while being Mr Nice guy on the outside. It was absolutely devastating and crushed her in every way. I don't have any advice but just wanted to say that it's okay to cry and it's okay to grieve. It's okay to feel like your whole body hurts from the emotional pain. You will pull through this. You will be strong again some day. Just figure out how to survive through each day one day at a time. I am not drinking with you today. 
I'm so sorry. My husband's infidelity rocked me to my core. It's what sent me into the last three really bad years of my drinking too so I really don't recommend that as a strategy for coping. Finally I realized that all I could do was to take care of me. I send you much empathy and compassion. 
[removed]
People are shit sometimes. Not drinking with you today. 
I'm so sorry ramataz...infidelity is such awful pain. I experienced it when my ex-husband married my maid of honor/best friend. Unfortunately that's when my drinking career began. Drinking didn't solve anything it just made things worse...We're all here for you! I'm sending a warm hug your way my friend.
Just wanted to let you know that I feel your pain. My role was that of your husband (although slightly different I had an affair instead of a prostitute). My marriage was in shambles. One day I felt this realization to never drink again and I haven't since that day. I called off the illicit relationships and then confessed everything to my wife. Three years later we are here and our marriage is stronger than it ever was. She was able to look past my faults and even though she had every right to leave me she looked past it. Here I am a completely changed man. We are happier thann we've ever been in our eight year marriage. Was their consequences for my actions? Yes. I deal with the emotional trauma every day. Just know that I are praying for you to get through this hard time. 
What's your part in this?
I am so sorry you are dealing with this ultimate betrayal! I know it's a cliche but many times the worst experiences turn into a blessing in disguise.  The WORST thing you could do is let this horrible liar ruin your life more by having it propel you to drink.  Being the best version of yourself if the best revenge.  Don't give him any ammunition against you.  Be strong - praying for you! 
