-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/659b49/relapse_dreams/

Do any of you ever have relapse dreams. In my current stint of sobriety I've had a handful of these most recently last night. ..The details I remember were that I was in a specific circumstance where my drinking problem would flare up the most. I remember having a very strong urge not to drink but an even stronger urge to give in. In the dreams I ALWAYS give in. In this one it was though I knew ahead of time that as soon as I had one drink I would lose all control which is what happened. ..Anything to be learned/leveraged from dreams like this?..Thanks for reading. I'm excited to be not drinking with all of you today!
----------immediate responses--------

I had 1 last nite....I was on vacation in a hotel (it was actually a hotel/place we are booked to go in November). The whole dream I was walking around stressed about whether I'd drink "later". In the dream the later never came....I was never actually confronting the alcohol just thinking about it. ..I took it on one hand as a good sign...that even in my dream I knew I shouldn't &amp; was wrestling w/ the idea (rather than just giving in). On the other hand it was yet another reminder of what a problem I actually had....the fact that I'm dreaming about it. But I was def happy when I realized I was still starting Day 6!..I won't drink with you tonight!
Heard something about neural pathways in the brain  going berserk about not getting a 'fix'.  Then sending this info to the subconscious creating the dreams.  Not sure if this is true.   Sounds kinda plausible.   Never underestimate drink.
Had a few...It always ends with me obsessing about a drunk and trying to get a hold of an entire bottle of whiskey. I can't even drink like a normal person in my dreams!     When I wake up it's always unsettling but it is also reaffirming. As long as I'm conscious I can make the conscious decision not to have that first one. What a mind f*ck though!
I've at least 8 of them. Super freaky. Wake up sooo bummed. Its like you experience a relapse with out actually doing it. Lesson learned in our dreams. 
I have them like every other night. My roommate in rehab called them "freebees" hahaha. It's like a drunken night without the hangover 
