-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65bvh7/still_struggling/

I posted a few days ago about my wanting my sober life back. Sorry to say that I struggled this week. Today is a new day and I am committed to make it through the day without drinking.  I know if I can just get some sober days under my belt I will feel so much better. It's getting started that I am struggling with. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am rooting for you! I would stock up on drinks and snacks and make a plan for the evening even if it's just hiding in bed and reading this sub or watching Netflix :) I haven't made my own post here yet but I do put pen to paper and just write about whatever to clear my mind or work things out. I will be happy to not drink with you today!
You can do this!  Life is better without alcohol!  Just take it one day at a time!
You can do it.  I am on my second day and it's fine.  I try not to let myself get hungry or thirsty. I just keep filling-up on good food coffee and healthy shakes.  Enjoying time with my kids who are on Easter break.  I'm feeling optimistic.  Come on.  You can do it. 
I'm in exactly the same boat! I am starting at day 1 again. It would be so great to speed up time to the place I was before! Or at least to a few days so I feel confident and not like garbage. But it's all in the process and I'm thankful for the gift of sobriety now that I have seen what life is like the other way. 
One day at a time. You can do it Today! I will not drink with you today.
Just think of today. Treat yourself to something nice :)
I will not drink with you today :)
I have re-started several times already. But each time I seem to get a little farther. It feels so good to wake not hung over I'm surprised I can still talk myself into drinking some nights at all. Yesterday I went and stocked up on snacks and foo foo soda waters to drink at night when my husband is drinking next to me. You can do it and I will do it with you. 
Thank you all for your kind and supportive responses. I have been down this road several times.I know it is time for me to leave the booze behind. I can't look back just ahead. I am feeling good about today and my commitment to a sober life again. It is nice to know I am not alone! 
One day at a time - sometimes it's one hour/minute at a time. It has gotten easier and so much better for me. I credit this sub and the help of AA friends and family. You can do this!!!
