-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65d3xq/had_to_reset_my_badge/

Had some family from Michigan that I haven't seen in over ten years come into town unexpectedly on a stop to Charleston to drop off my cousin because she's moving there. Everyone was drinking wine and I gave in and had 2 Bud Lights. I almost made it to a full month but I didn't. What I learned from drinking last night is that I didn't even enjoy those two beers to be honest I just wanted to fit in especially because I hadn't seen these people in so long. My girlfriend applauded me for only having two and not coming home and drinking more. My first thought though was "Yeah I only had two tonight" but I know that's where the binge drinking for me starts. It starts off slow and then gains momentum all over again but I see this relapse differently. I feel more motivated now to continue the sober life. I will not drink today! 
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today  too.  Congrats for coming right back.  You got this!
Congrats on the realization and not letting two beers turn into a binge...It took me many more times than I care to remember to get myself to the place where I finally quit for good.
Happened to me too recently. Tomorrow would've been 8 weeks. Good for us for stopping at 2 and coming right back though. I will not drink with you today. 
Every time I relapsed "just a little" served to teach me how much it just isn't worth the negative affects it has on my mind body and spirit.
Welcome back - congrats on knowing when to stop! Thanks for your post!!!
I will not drink with you!
You're absolutely right. I can't tell you how many times I have moderated my drinking only to get massively drunk one night. I can easily have 1-2 beers a night and be fine but then "party night" happens. Kind of an accelerated version of murphy's law. Congrats on making it that long though and now you can focus even harder on turning those 30 days to 60 and on up.  
Right there with ya. I only had 5 days and then my kid's school went on lockdown cuz some crazy psycho with a gun took off from a traffic stop right by the school and my kid said it was terrifying.  They thought a shooter was in the school already and they were going to die huddled in the corner of a dark classroom. My heart broke and I caved. It was only that night and only a few glasses...but...yeah. ..Oh also my so called support person ditched me. So that was fun too. ..Sorry to hijack. Really good work stopping and not binging!!
I am pending a reset myself and definitely using this lazy day in bed to really evaluate the way that I've been approaching my efforts.
It's okay! Don't give up. Take it as a learning experience. Now you won't feel you're missing out when everyone is drinking. Good luck.
