-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65iyai/just_starting/

Hi.  I think I am drinking too much.  I have a lot of stress in my life and have been drinking 6 or 7 glasses of wine every night to try to relax.  It's not helping. I have a 9 year old son & a husband that I am worried will find out.  I hide it...but I know what is going on.  I started reading "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace today & I am hopeful.  I really am battling with myself and so ashamed.  I hope I can do this.   No one would imagine I have this issue.  I am tall slim successful exercise daily & have friends church...great life...but secretly I am scared.  I don't want anyone to know what I am struggling with.
----------immediate responses--------

I know the sense of hiding behavior and feeling ashamed. Going to therapy and finding this place have given me safe places to talk. I don't drink daily but the one or two times a week that I do drink I'll get just wasted. I'm finding that not drinking produces a lot less anxiety than drinking does. I'm looking for one small thing each day what is one thing that I am doing that is right. Each day one thing.
Beautiful familes successful careers &amp; great social circles don't protect us from the poison that alcohol can inject into our lives.  It's ok to be scared &amp; it is ok to do something about it too.  I won't drink with you today.  Wishing for peace &amp; happiness for you as you move forward on your sober journey. 
It is hard to be where it sounds like you are. I remember when it wasn't horrible yet but I knew I was crossing a line into having a serious drinking problem. I did not want anyone to know and believed I would cut back or stop on my own. I did not want to think that I might have to stop altogether. It all got much worse and everyone knew. There was a lot of suffering for me and my family in the years after I was where I imagine you are. ..If you are an alcoholic it is nothing to be ashamed of. It is simply a fact of your life and not a character defect. If you can't control your drinking my advice is to find a way to stop alltogether and to make it your first priority. I pray you will avoid the suffering I went through (I have over 4 years sober now and don't care who knows that I just can't drink). 
