-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65jhfu/say_it_loud_169_days_and_proud/

I skipped beeping my own horn at 100 120 and 150 days because i was to pre-occupied dealing with my shit. I was not feeling to good about myself and this might also be the case on my 6 month milestone coming up...SO! This is it! BEEP BEEP! BEEPEDYFUCKIN'BEEP!..I have been feeling very proud lately. My previous attempt lasted around 60 days and was over 2 years ago. I was not expecting to get this far at all. And i am planning to continue. I have not seriously considered getting back on the wagon once that would be insane in my case. Giving up any ambition at moderating drinking has turned out to be the key for me. I am not even jealous anymore at those who can because i have had my share and more. I am done. So when mr. Wes Craving shows his ugly face i just tell him that...But the thing i am most positive about is feeling this fire inside of me again. I was afraid i would lose it if i would stop drinking. I even believed i felt it BECAUSE of drinking. But it is in me and it is coming back. It is this fire that makes me feel passionate about people and things. The fire that got me into music. The fire that makes me want to say fuck the world but also embrace it. The fire that makes me fun to be around and able to inspire people as well as get inspired myself. And the fire that got me into trouble and should be handled with care...So in the midst of this struggle i have been overwhelmed all of a sudden. I am still far from where i want to be but for the first time i fully acknowledge appreciate and feel downright grateful for the hard work i have been doing. Things are happening even when i am moping like a little bitch....So today was a good day! ..(didn't even have to use my AK)
----------immediate responses--------

  Thank you for sharing your success. I'm very proud of you!
Good work! Thanks for reminding me to keep focused. I'm right around 60 days and I've been having to shut that shitty little alcohol voice down. I won't drink with you today. 
I love this post.  It made me smile.  ..fucked around and got a triple double!
Thank you for inspiring me :) I will not drink tonight!
