-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65jxpm/21_days_crazy_dreams_and_so_many_cigarettes/

First off I just wanted to say I LOVE ALL OF YALL SO MUCH. I feel so lucky to have stumbled upon this incredible sub. ..This is my first time posting but I've read every single post and comment religiously for the last 21 days (when I first discovered this amazing family). Im 24/f and drank heavily in college but it subsided a little once I graduated. Then I slowly started bingeing on the weekends again. Hard. Once I had a single sip it was game over for the next 2-3 days. I knew I really needed to make a change when I slowly started justifying getting tipsy during the day at work (I don't have kids but I'm a nanny and it just made dealing with a toddler more "easy/fun"). I can't let this keep going or i know it will get worse and worse. ..I've been feeling AMAZING these past few weeks (little to no anxiety and the no hangovers thing is fantastic) except for two pesky bugaboos. First the dreams man! They're intense. Like nightmares every night. Nothing about relapse (yet) but they're terrifying and usually center around me "dying" in some gruesome way. It's honestly fucked up haha. Hopefully they are just a symptom of the detox and will subside soon though. ..Another more worrisome issue is the increased amount of cigs I've been smoking. I would smoke maybe 3-4 a week when I was drinking but since I've stopped with the alcohol I've seemed to replace one poison for another. For those of you who have experienced something similar what helped you quit? I'm thinking I'll try a vape (gag) but that's gotta be better than poisoning my lungs 10 times a day. Maybe the patch? Hope this is an ok question to ask here I just wanted to see if anyone has gone through something similar after quitting drinking. ..I am SO thankful to have found this amazing family and I will gladly not drink with y'all today :) 
----------immediate responses--------

glad you're here. fortunately for me my nightmares ended at day 2. it's definitely a side effect of you're body ridding itself of toxins...I wouldn't say I smoke more now. I actually quit smoking the same day I quit drinking the first time I tried. then when I relapsed back came the cigarettes again. this time I'm gonna quit them separately. now that I'm over two weeks sober and feeling awesome again I'm gonna try quitting cigarettes next monday. 
I have really weird dreams now too! Or maybe I'm just more conscious. Hard to say... I'm over a month in now and my sleep is still fitful...  
I'm smoking more too.  I think it's anxiety. I've been using the patch and it really helps.  So does the gum I found a "fruit" flavor that doesn't taste horrible like the others.  I'm going to tackle quitting smoking next!  
Congrats on 21 days. Be easy on yourself. Your doing so great not drinking and the beginning of your post brought a tear to my eye. So sweet. I wont drink with you today :-)
Subscribing now!   
I used to smoke a lot at the very least half a pack a day. More after I quit drinking. I vape now a lot but in the interest of harm reduction both are much less harmful than drinking. I quit after I had been sober a year but I chewed nicorette for a long time but recently started vaping again. I liked that I could still have that to fall back on when a craving for a drink hit me. It was really hard quitting both smoking and drinking at the same time and I was afraid that I was edging closer to a drink so that is why I started vaping. It will get easier but a lot of people smoke more when they first stop drinking I know I did. I'm not trying to encourage you to smoke just sharing my experience. Have a great weekend. Peace and good vibes.
