-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65mqlk/drinking_to_feel_anything/

Does anyone else recognize the only time they feel any emotions at all is when they have a couple drinks in them? I feel so stagnant. Been going strong but can't help feeling this way. Emotions are what makes us feel human. Struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Real human emotions will appear when he or she is sober. If can't feel only when drunken That is called Alcoholism...I will not drink with you today!
I dunno. I want to drink when I tense or depressed or happy. It's some feeling that makes me drink. But tonight I don't drink with you. :)
When I was drinking I had basically two emotions. Numb and aggravated. I used to drink to forget any semblance of emotion. It was only after quitting that the ups and downs of actual emotions and feelings came back. 
I understand how you feel. Drinking will undoubtedly make me feel emotions. At times when my life feels so gray drinking sounds like a reasonable way to feel anything. I have to remind myself that there are two basic reasons why drinking in order to experience emotions isn't reasonable...1. Drinking makes my emotions unpredictable and irrational. Alcohol forces my brain to tell me that I feel happy. It forces my brain to tell me I am sad. And everything in between. And often in rapid succession - without rhyme or reason..2. Alcohol forces emotions and those emotions are real but they are emanating from the wrong place. They aren't genuine. They are manipulated by alcohol instead of by normal healthy experiences in life...Even though it can be very difficult (and my night tonight was a perfect example) I would rather wait for genuine emotions. 
Yes I can definitely relate to that. I have had that dull blank feeling and thought if I could just have a drink. Alcohol does seem to help at first. I thought it made me feel more alive. But it's a trap because then I go numb and then I just forget everything - not the best way to be alive. Not to mention feeling like a zombie. The blank feeling the not-really-feeling-anything is actually a symptom of depression. Because alcohol is a depressant it is actually going to make this feeling worse and I think it feels particularly bad when you're first sober. It's that drug merry go round where you drink to feel "better" and the drug (alcohol) makes you feel worse so you drink again. Blah anyway what I'm trying to say is that yes I can relate and also if this feeling doesn't go away after a month or so of sobriety (my opinion) I think you should talk to a doc about meds that could help. I don't mean to give advice and really this is just my opinion but the blank emotionless feeling was a symptom of depression for me and I was very much helped by talking to my doctor about it...
I've had this thought. But I've found that while I have much longer stretches of things feeling mundane when emotions do come around they're much more poignant than when I was drinking...Alcohol was a way for me to try to escape nature. I thought it was terrifying that I might go a night feeling 'normal'. So I drank to color my perspective differently...It was just a lie though. I was lying to myself trying to run from inevitable showdowns with my own demons that lurked deep under the drinking. I just got tired of it one day.. I'm not getting younger and I'd be dead or in the hospital if I continued my pattern...So which was it gonna be? Death or a fight. I chose a fight. I don't need to 'feel' things in an intense way every day of my life. Doing so is just not natural. Life has ups downs and long flat stretches. I'm now even able to appreciate the simple boring days for what they are - another reminder that I'm alive and doing things the natural healthy way.
