-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65sfsb/one_year_of_learning_and_strugglingwithout_alcohol/

WOOHOO! I haven't drank for a whole year! ..[Classic ~Before and After~](http://imgur.com/a/O1Y6r)..I have no idea why I took that first pic back in 2014 or why I never deleted such a sad picture from my laptop. I was suuuuuper fucked up on xanax and beer 'celebrating' filing my taxes. If I look sad in that picture well...I was. Unfortunately I didn't stop drinking for two more years. I spent a lot of time puking passing out crying etc after I took that picture...I used to drink entire bottles of liquor with 'just a few' xanax and go on walks downtown in the middle of the day. I think part of me kind of wanted to pass out in the street or get hit by a car or arrested. Anything to get me out of the day to day boring reality that was my life...I started drinking when I was about 14. The first time I EVER got drunk I blacked out. I woke up not in so much a pool of vomit but like an entire fucking vomit sprinkler went off all around me. Most people would be a little put off by that. Not me! You mean all I have to do is drink a couple tall glasses of liquor and I lose 12+ hours of my life to blacking out?? I was so depressed that sounded awesome. So I started doing that for about the next 10 years...I won't focus too much on my past because it's just that: my past. And all things considered I'll be 26 next month and I only lived life in a blackout state for 10 years. Assuming I live a normal life span that's like 1/8 of my life...I have learned so much about myself in the last year. Turns out I love biology. The study of the human body in particular fascinates me and I can't wait to learn more. I'm almost done with my first two years of college after spending about 7 years trying to finish my first year on and off. I pay my bills on time and I have 3 months of expenses in savings. My apartment is clean(ish) and I get plenty of sleep even though I work full-time and go to school full-time. My relationship with my boyfriend is not perfect but we're both willing to work on problems and I can honestly say I consider him to be my best friend...Quitting was hard. I had tried plenty of times before mostly to 'cut back'. The first week without alcohol I felt like things were crawling all over me I couldn't sleep worth shit and I questioned myself many many times. There have been plenty of challenges in the last year as a whole but the last month in particular has been especially hard with cravings and depression coming back. I've put on about 10 lbs this year I don't have as much time or energy for exercise as I should and I have been feeling pretty depressed again. Guess what? My depressions come and go a hell of a lot faster when I don't drink...There's no doubt in my mind that this sub was and is crucial to my success. I'm feeling so good right now I never want to drink again but I know this feeling won't last forever and I'll have this space to come back to when I'm fighting the urge to give up...Thank you all! Here's to many more sober years!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! You give me hope.... do you still use xanax? I'm struggling with both is why I ask. 
Awesomeness! You look and sound so healthy!
Great job!
You're awesome! Well done and thank you for sharing. 
Good on one year and you look AMAZING btw!..I'm grateful for getting sober at 26 myself. Keep up the good work! :)
I'm jealous. Day 1 for me again. You should be very proud of yourself. 
AMAZING!!! Congratulations. You rule &lt;3 
you beautiful girl i'm so proud of you!!!..Here's to no more puke sprinklers for either of us!?
Oh man congrats girl that's so beautiful that you don't want to black out your life anymore.   depression can be so rough especially with teenage hormones. It's really inspirational how far you've come congratulations on changing your life. Must feel amazing to find yourself and find things you love and just live. Also Puke sprinkler omg   haha awful visual!! 
You look a lot happier sober :)..Thanks for the story! I have read that the brain does suffer from quitting alcohol at first but fully recovers in a year then again some of that lack of energy/depression could have other factors...Coffee cheers for many more sober years!
Congratulations and thanks for your post. It was so coherent and honest. It sounds like you've come a long way and like you're in a good place. I can relate to a lot of this and hope to be in your shoes in a year. :)
Yay :) beautiful. So nice to see that you've gained a smile!
That's awesome! You're looking great! :)
Hooray for you!
Congratulations on your accomplishment! I hope you keep on kicking ass!
Wow.  You younger folk putting in the hard work (took me much longer).  So much to gain and I'm so impressed and inspired.
nice work!  like you I am currently crushing it at school something I was unable to do while drinking...keep it up!
