-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65wy2k/both_parents_alcoholics/

I have been sober for about 3.5 months now and this past weekend was the first weekend I have spent with my alcoholic parents. I am not going to lie it was very hard seeing them like that. Back when I was drinking heavily I never noticed because I was part of the problem too...After I sobered up and actually analyzed how they act it is quite embarrassing. I did not have one meaningful conversation with my parents the entire three days I was with them. When we attended a crawfish boil at 1pm my mother was already hammered and I could just see people laughing at her. Embarrassing. ..I left very depressed and unfulfilled. They are proud of me for my sobriety but I feel I may be losing them. I have no real direction with this post just wanted to get a few things off of my chest. How do/did you guys deal with alcoholics who you love while struggling with sobriety yourself?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that. I remember my ex-father-in-law was a major drinker and even when I was drinking and visit him for a weekend on a lake he would get so drunk that he would tell the 3 same stories over and over and over again and nothing of any substance was ever talked about. It was sad...Congrats on 3.5 months that is huge! 
My sobriety comes first above all else or there will be no serenity in which good behaviors and good choices can prosper.  Watching someone close to you suffer from alcoholism is hard and I try not to obsess on it by keeping my mind busy doing things that feel good to me.  Anything that strengthens my resolve to stay dry is good.  I just know when I drank nobody not my parents not my exwife or my closest friend could've stopped me.  I think the best thing people like us can do for each other is to stay dry and set an example that other alcoholics so they can see how healthy and happy you are and crave the same thing.  
Same situation as you; though both parents are very functional they both drink every evening without exception.  Maybe not to the point of  being hammered every night but pretty well on that track... I have never found the courage to discuss their issue with them but I have discussed mine and they are very very supportive of me.  ..I have found 2 really curious things which I'd like to share (sorry I hope this is not hijacking your thread but maybe you can relate too?). One is that as much as they agree I have a huge problem they seem to think that they are OK.  Even though I have seen both of them get to the point of losing control many times.  The second thing that really surprise me was that when I am around them it is easier to stay sober. I'd have thought the opposite with so much drinks/drinking around every day.  But maybe it is because I don't see them often and when I do it makes me feel good so I feel less the need to drink....
Short answer. I didn't. My dad passed about 6 years ago...no doubt from the effects of a lifetime of drinking and smoking. Even then I still drank. You are lucky that you can be a beacon of hope for them. If you can do it...they always have a chance of seeing you...and connecting that they can change too. Be well. I won't be drinking with you today!
