-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/665zcv/i_drank_on_sunday_and_i_have_no_regrets/

So after 3 months I had a few drinks on Sunday. As soon as I had one I wanted a million. I recognized it right away and it was a good eye opener for me. A good reminder of what happens if I don't stay diligent. A real lesson in that for me it's definitely all about just resisting that first one. In a weird way I think it was very good that I relapsed- I think I've regained some focus. And I think I am very lucky it didn't turn into a bender or anything crazy. Just wanted to share to be accountable thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I have always thought that moderation (for me) was possible but looking back I've never been able to do it for more than a couple of days if that. Then I'd fool myself that I was going to be good with just a scotch after work and a beer with dinner. And I'd do it the next night and I'd drink half of the fifth between dinner and bed. Then heavy drinking for a few weeks. Then new plans would form and never take place. I'm glad you were able to stop before the "million" you mention! I think I've learned that I can't play with fire and it's better to get to a place where I just don't want that first one. Thanks for sharing and good luck!
Insight is probably the most important part of becoming truly sober not just a dry drunk. If we can't learn from our mistakes we're doomed to repeat them. I had 12 years sober but I really hadn't dealt w/the issues that caused the problem. So it just waiting patiently gradually slipping insidious ideas very subtle that I eventually acted on. I'm determined to get to the deepest emotions the unconscious triggers for me. 
Stay strong.  Glad you are back!
I'm glad you're here. I tested the waters quite a few times before I finally stopped. You're right though it's the first drink that gets me it's taken me a long time to understand that but that was just part of my journey. I kept coming back even when I drank. I kept hoping that it would stick and I would stay sober and eventually it did. The one thing I've done differently this time is participating in this sub nearly every day and just not taking the first drink no matter what happens good or bad. Those two things have helped me so much. Anyways I just wanted to say hello and give you support. Thank you for posting this it got more thinking. Have a great night. Peace and good vibes to you.
