-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/667z1p/help_other_than_aa_maybe_groups_that_can_be_used/

Hello. I have been a member of AA for about a year now. Had a few relapses that I'm not proud of but it's been alot better than my old life of daily drinking. I attend numerous meetings weekly and have a great sponsor who I talk to almost daily. ..I am an Atheist and proud of it although I would never hold anyone in contempt for their beliefs to each his own. Whatever keeps you sober is fine with me. ..But I guess you guys can see where I'm going with this. So the higher power of my own understanding is still a little weird for me. I'm really trying but the best I can do is kind of turn my mind off at times as far as letting a higher power take over or whatever. And of course most people in the meetings I attend see God as a religious figure (hard to blame them) that literally takes over and guides them through this...So anyway Ive seen some secular groups online like lifering but I'm unsure of their validity. And alot of these groups are fairly new when compared to AA. So i don't know if they hold up in the long run. ..Again I have nothing against AA and I plan on staying with it for the foreseeable future. Just wondering if anyone has had long term luck with any other abstinence groups when it comes to alcohol? I just don't feel as comfortable as I think I should with the higher power aspect. And maybe there is another option out there. Even one I can use in conjunction with AA for now. ..IDK just a little confused and lonely in my thoughts. Looking for someone who can relate and/or help...Thanks. I may post this in the AA subreddit also but I thought their responses may lean towards sticking with AA. ..Hope this all made sense. ..
----------immediate responses--------

r/alcoholism has a list of recovery groups on their sidebar.
There's something called SMART recovery I'm doing. ..I also find that I respond much better to individual therapy which often doesn't involve religion - I found Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to work wonders for me. I was clean for a long time and just relapsed hard this month. ..There's also something called AA Agnostica online and then there's this: https://secularaa.org/meetings/?tsml-day=any..It's a list of all AA meetings that declare themselves Atheist and Agnostic Friendly. 
What does your sponsor recommend or say about a higher power?
I am a newbie with only 9 days under my belt.  I tried to quit nearly a year ago and it did not happen.  This time my head is in the right place.  Last year I knew I could never go to AA.  Too cult like for me.  I am rational person with when sober a very determined spirit.  I have all the SMART material and have just been re-reading it and listening to this podcast.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImVMNTWegpA .  I think it will help you see the different approaches.  I plan on attending a meeting tomorrow night for the first time...With SMART it is all about self directed recovery.  Many still attend AA.  Their belief is "whatever works for you" is what you should do...Another resource is "Sober for Good"  by Anne M. Fletcher.  She offers many alternatives.  ..I will not drink with you today
I'm also an atheist in recovery and wasn't a big fan of AA. Through the hospital I went to detox and IOP at I learned about Life Ring - secular recovery. I love it. It isn't as structured as AA and I really love the format.  Check out lifering.org to see if there are any meetings near you!..Congrats and I will not drink with you today.
