-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66987r/how_do_i_overcome_the_guilt_about_the_amount_of/

My badge is about to be changed to 3 days btw I try so hard to make it stick. Nowadays every time I tell people like my parents or friends that I'm gonna quit they just go "that's what you said last time" or "again?" people are doubting me. It's incredibly embarrassing I even waited awhile to change the badge cuz I got sick of it saying "1 day". I know I shouldn't be ashamed because I am always trying after all but it just gives me so much uncertainty and guilt now. How do I know what's gonna happen next time I get tempted? My mind could flip over and convince itself on a dime especially because I've always been indecisive by nature...But you know I've realized something now... at this point it's not about proving to others that I can be sober... it's proving it to myself...These past months have been a rollercoaster ride. It's like trying to kickstart an engine with many attempts to get the engine running in which it putters out many times but eventually that engine will gain momentum and activate then run smoothly from that point with consistency...I'm hoping for the best. Stay awesome you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I've been aiming for progress and not perfection. I have been here a few months now had my fair share of setbacks but I'm doing better than I was at Christmas time or this time last year. ..Eventually I will get it right as long as I keep trying and keep aiming for one more day. ..Hang in there and ignore the naysayers. Or better yet prove them wrong!
I totally feel you I have "quit" so many times that I don't even tell anyone anymore. You're right it's very embarrassing to have people say such things. All we can do is let our actions speak for themselves and like you said keep trying to kick start until that motor is warmed up and running smooth. Good luck buddy fall down 9 times stand up 10 we got this!
For me i couldnt stop until the law of diminishing returns for drinking became 0 and although my mind screams for it and can try to trick me to do it... There are no good reasons to drink. ..I started drinking hot tea instead. Started focusing on trying to calm myself down and assess my feelings and instead of attempting to push away my problems which made me constantly think about them instead i started focusing on what i want and what i can pursue and how i can grow in other ways. A little bit of that meant stopping focusing on hating myself and cutting myself some slack those negative feelings drive you to drink. .Now its like maybe i do hate myself oh fucking well. Im not gonna drink about it. ..The biggest reason i drank was because i wanted to hate myself it was easy it was comfortable it was my life it was what i kind of liked the world sucks fuck me im slowly killing myself the best way i know how. Fuck all these assholes with their positivity and doing well while im over here drowning and no one knows how bad it is in my head. ..I changed my perspective said im gonna be a positive person and work on giving myself a good life stopped thinking about how fucked up i was and focusing on what i wanted and what i could do for me it started with brush my teeth. ...And when i was really ready to say no im never drinking again because i never want to again... ...The first thing i noticed was no one believed in me that i would quit theyd heard it so many times before. ...And at first it made me want to drink or feel like i was gonna relapse because i wasn't strong enough... ...But then I thought what you said fuck them i will prove it to myself i dont need their validation. ...They dont know what im going through and they dont need to. ...I went solo and i got rid of feeling pity for myself like "no one believes in me im a failure" any time those emotions started to come up i didnt dwell on them and shot them down because i wasnt going to have that old perspective anymore. My new one was kinda fake but who gives a shit fake it till you make it. ...The day i decided to quit cold turkey I didnt fucking tell anyone. I realize that telling them contributed to making me relapse....See if i told them i was gonna quit it just put too much responsibility on an impossible goal....Instead . I did it quietly and alone .During the first week every time i got excited to tell people i wasnt going to ever drink again and i wanted to tell others i kept my mouth shut and battled my war alone and in private. .i didnt even tell my girlfriend. .I slipped up once in the beginning and it just proved to me that i was fucking done with it. ...After i was through the initial withdrawals once i felt strong enough i let people know and thats when i noticed they didnt believe in me and i took it pretty hard but i no longer needed them to believe in me. ...Another week went by still sober. Another week. Hey look at me now assholes im still sober. ...Now they start saying they're proud of me. Now i get a really nice feeling. Because guess what i dont have that horrible guilt that im saying something im not gonna do because i quietly already did it for me not for them. ...But im not relying on that nice feeling im not getting upset when the moment passes and its hard again. ...Now im thinking okay i did the hardest part alone and now i think theres nothing wrong with having a support network hey there /r/stopdrinking. .See Im not relying on stopdrinking to keep me from drinking. I did it on my own. Im not barely hanging on to arms outreached. Instead i have a support network some nice arms nearby that can help me keep perspective. ...It gets hard too. Being in bad situations i shouldn't be...getting close to relapse but just being like... Nooooope fuck no fuck no fucking hell no. ...The one thing that's gotten to me is two of my friends at the same time were telling me you didn't quit you just switched to something else. And its true i did and am taking something else but it makes me sad.. Like what is the purpose and intent of them saying that? Purposely shooting me down to make me relapse or what while they take their dabs? .And then i think oh yeah thats right..Anyone can think anything they want about what im doing. .But guess what im not doing im not drinking... I will smash a bottle before it gets anywhere near me if I get too overwhelmed in a situation ill fucking leave. If i feel sick from withdrawals i remember its because this fucking drink i hate is responsible. ..My brain might think it needs it but I dont need it. Fuck my brain. 
The way I see it even one day sober is a victory
How do I overcome guilt? I joined AA and went through the steps.
Fear of relapse and feelings of uncertainty are normal. I was a frequent relapser too. I had to keep adding new sober tools to my toolbox until it stuck. What steps are you taking other than putting down the drink? 
It's hard. I've been on the road to getting my shit together so many times it feels embarrassing telling people all over again "Yeah I've quit it's been x days/weeks I'm going to start fixing everything else in my life." There's a lot of shame a lot of worrying about what they're secretly thinking. I try to focus on keeping track of how I'm doing privately through a journal or notes or Wunderlist building up confidence by ticking off progress in all areas of my life. I've come to realise I can't control what others think of me and that it's counterproductive to worry too much about whether they secretly judge me or not because those thoughts just become another stick to beat myself with and I end up projecting my insecurities all over their reactions. And that's no fun for anyone because I get really oversensitive and reactionary lol. ..I like your analogy of trying to kickstart an engine and keep it going. It conjures up the image that you're on your way. Proving it to yourself is important. Other people matter too of course but they're in their own lives. We're the only ones in our heads. We have to do it for ourselves. 
Just gotta get selfish and be in the today.  Yesterday can't be changed and the future isn't guaranteed.  What are you going to do today to make it the most for you?  Everyone's life is already so short and adding alcohol just makes it shorter and robs you of memories and bonds.  .  .And perhaps instead of trying to get this engine of yours to kickstart get off the vehicle and start walking.  That mode of transport has failed you and you need to try something else and instead of grinding away at the engine and then rocketing off you might need to slower pace of the walk to get you on the path you need to be.
Wasn't until I got sober for me first that my sobriety stuck. My family gets to share in my sobriety but it is for me first. 
For me I had to stop trying to get sober on MY TERMS WITH MY RULES CONDITIONS AND EXCEPTIONS...My best thinking kept getting me into drinking situations - kept me slipping and sliding.  This was hard to change because I had all the answers.  I was special. There just had to be a loophole with my name on it...#nope...In my case I had to go to AA meetings consistently I had to not pat myself on the back with a sixpack after a week or ten days or whatever.  I had to learn to listen to people who were doing it - and telling me it was simple.   I really wanted it to be rocket science...It's not.
Don't give up but I have to ask: What actions have you taken to stay sober? Over a five year period of repeated failures I found that the only way to stay sober for me was to do meaningful actions every day to stay away from a drink.  Willpower doesn't work for me.  For instance I've been very serious about trying to lose weight but had a double cheeseburger from mcdonalds the other day and 2 bowls of ice cream the day after that.  My willpower is shit but I still manage to not drink because I don't rely on willpower for that. 
AH man I don't have experience with relapsing but I do know what Bill Wilson wrote about I am an atheist in AA but I always love the message here. Good luck my friend..."About this slip business I would not be too discouraged. I think you are suffering a great deal from a needless guilt. For some reason or other the Lord has laid out tougher paths for some of us and I guess you are treading one of them. God is not asking us to be successful. He is only asking us to try to be. That you surely are doing and have been doing. So I would not stay away from A.A. through any feeling of discouragement or shame. It's just the place you should be. Why don't you try just as a member? You don't have to carry the whole A.A. on your back you know!..It is not always the quantity of good things that you do it is also the quality that counts...Above all take it one day at a time. 
[removed]
Have you considered any medication to help you stop drinking? Such as Anatabuse Naltrexone or Camparal?
