-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66bh3p/a_rant/

Argument between wife and I this morning. She is not ready to quit yet and I am feeling resentment watching her drink every night while I'm trying so hard...Her:. .Well I could be wrong but it feels a little like you're being weird towards me.  You gave me kind of a kiss this morning and then there was an almost unconscious pushing of my body out of the way.  Then you were very nice to  M .  I'm sorry if I'm not what you want right now but I'm doing the best I can to try not to drown right now.  What's up?..Me:. .Nothing. I was irritated that you came down irritated. Maybe we don't appreciate each other as much as we should. I have a lot I'm dealing with that perhaps you don't understand and you have a lot that you're dealing with that you think I may not understand. I'll make more of an effort to be more patient with you.. .Her:. .I was irritated because I told  M  20 minutes before to put her shoes on. It's really important that she not be anywhere close to tardy for the remainder of the school year and because I can't always predict the traffic I get very anxious once it gets past 7:00 am and we still aren't in the car.  I'm okay 5-10 minutes after but anything past that and I'm in full freak out in my mind.. .I feel completely unappreciated right now and judged by you.  You're not being nice to me and treating me like I'm not as good as you because I'm not ready to completely quit.  I don't get credit for anything anymore. . .I also work in a very toxic environment for very little money and it makes me feel bad about myself.  I hate working with bitches and I have to work with several that truly disgust me as people.  So when I come home I get a second helping of fuck-you-wife from you because you're starting to act like you're better than me again. Like you did when we were in (last town we lived in) and you decided to start looking for sober women to date (we were separated).  I know I can't make you like me but this sucks ass and  makes me really angry....Me:. .Dude you're trippin'. I just saw all your texts just now too. Stop freaking out and be cool. I'll repeat: "Maybe we don't appreciate each other as much as we should. I have a lot I'm dealing with that perhaps you don't understand and you have a lot that you're dealing with that you think I may not understand. I'll make more of an effort to be more patient with you. . .So let's focus on getting done what we need to get done and enjoy each other in the meantime. Finish school and get out of your toxic environment. Let's make more money and get these fuckers off our backs so we can have prosperous lives. I love you now chill the fuck out...Her:..I'm having a very bad day.  I think I'm going to start crying.  Peaceful mornings make a big difference in my ability to function and I don't like walking on eggshells because if I ask a question or say anything it makes you snap at me. We need a solution so that I don't have to encounter your negative attitude before I begin the day. If you're not a morning person that's fine. Stay asleep and I'll try to be quiet so as not to disturb you.  I like having juice in the morning but I can make it myself.  I'll get  M  ready.  All I want is to not have to leave my house feeling anxious about  M  getting a tardy and you being pissed at me because I asked why  M  didn't have her shoes on 20 minutes after I told her to do it.  I really and truly can't take it anymore.  I'd rather not see you in the morning if you can't be positive.  So please just don't worry about doing anything for us in the morning.  I can get up earlier.  I just want a peaceful morning. I can't go from negative to negative and then back to negative.  I am not kidding.  I cannot take it emotionally...Me:..Baby calm down. You're blowing this up more than warranted. I'm actually having a lovely morning. Got up got the kid ready made juice meditated did some push-ups unloaded and loaded the dishwasher and walked to work. I was only mildly irritated because you come down the stairs actin' like Evillene. Look tonight is family night. I LOVE SPENDING TIME WITH YOU. You get it? I love you and I want us to be happy. Calm down! This tantrum isn't cute. Next you'll be throwing sushi rolls and smashing them into the carpet with your bare feet (Happened a few months ago. I had to clean up when she was in a drunken rage)...And when I say  I have a lot I'm dealing with that perhaps you don't understand and you have a lot that you're dealing with that you think I may not understand.  You need to realize that this is weighing very heavy on my mind: [alcoholic-hepatitis](http://www.healthline.com/health/alcoholic-hepatitis#overview1) but I'll be your rock to help you work through the things you need to work through and be there for you. I'll try to help you along to finish the things you need to finish and support you if you want to have a better lifestyle. I won't judge you or snap at you anymore. I'll be a more compassionate and sympathetic listener. Whatever you need. I'll be a good husband to you. I'll work extra hard and try to bring in more money for our family and square up our debts. I'll continue to be a good loving father and joyfully tuck my daughter into bed every night. I got this. You feeling better is what's most important right now...I'm sorry I didn't have the best attitude when I got home last night. It was a long day and I was struggling. I should have taken my pill 30 minutes before I did so I could be relaxed when I got home instead of feeling anxious and afraid. I promise to take my medication before I see you tonight so as not to put things on edge...-------------------------------..I love her but this is rough. She's almost done with her Master's and is having a hard time. .
----------immediate responses--------

best thing to do is quit and stay quit for yourself.
Oh man you're both hurting. I always feel like I handle situations where both of us are in pain best when I focus on listening more than talking but that doesn't necessarily "fix" it. I wish you the best. I also try to focus on my sobriety and eventually the rest falls into place...everything as it should be. 
Sorry to hear about these struggles.  Glad you can vent...Hope your medical prognosis is positive...Sober On!
