-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66c0n2/shook_to_my_core/

I apologize in advance for the wall of text but I need support and right now this is my only outlet. For some people quitting booze helps bring back a relationship from the brink. On the contrary alcohol can maim and damage a partnership beyond repair. You guys know this already. 10 months ago I realized my relationship and more importantly my personal well being were suffering from daily drinking so I quit. I quit with the support of this group and I quit with a fire in my belly. I started to run daily. I lost weight. I shared with my wife that I was quitting and why but was timid to commit to the  forever  timestamp. As the weeks went on and my overall mental and physical health improved I realized that sober me was forever and I never wanted to touch the stuff again. I waited for the relationship part to mend. In many ways my wife and I were perfectly fine before I quit. Today it is a different story. I haven't started drinking in fact today is day 300 and I have absolutely no desire to touch alcohol ever again but today in the throws of yet another fight my wife yelled out  why are you even sober?!   There are many things I could have said but I chose to walk away and cool down.  I am sober because I didn't like who I had become while drinking. I am sober because our relationship was suffering. I am sober because I want to be the best husband and down the road the best dad I can be. For her to not see the effort and the struggle that I've put into making that happen cut me to my core. The irony lies in the truth that since I've stopped drinking we have moved half way around the world and are living abroad for her Master's program. I am 30 and she is not far behind but she has resumed the drinking habits of an undergrad and everything that comes with it. We've essentially switched roles and her drinking and disregard for my feelings are very damaging to the relationship. As I'm sure many of you have experienced when alcohol isn't there to mask the feelings emotions can run out of control. I've felt many things in the past 300 days that I didn't think I would again. I sometimes feel so alone I could cry. But I feel and that's better than anything else in the whole world. I'm not looking for a quick fix or even concrete answers I just need someone to hear this as I'm fresh out of listening ears here. 
----------immediate responses--------

First off I read your full wall of text :) ..Sorry things are up in the air with your relationship with your wife that must really suck. But you have done well not to let it be an excuse to start drinking again as you already know that would cause even more problems. So good job on that...That was a mean thing for her to say and I can understand how shitty that must have made you feel. Me and my ex used to say the most horrible things to each other hence why he is an ex(well one of the reasons) but people closest to you have that ammo against you in a fight. They know your weakness and what to say to hurt you the most...I bet she feels bad for saying that...Im shit at relationships so I will stop there but you have my support if you ever need to vent Im here for you...Stay strong and focused you are doing amazing. Keep it up.
I hear you loud and clear man.  You are so strong for taking the time to come here and say this.   I was in a similar situation when I quit for 4 months and then relapsed but I have such a strong desire to quit for ME my own health and my wife always says in our fights "even your quitting is fake you're only doing it cause I am making you do it why don't you go back and drink your face off you alcoholic"...and I have lashed out at this and just now I am learning to walk away from it.  For me it may be way too late to save my marriage but sounds like you are not even close to this point!   Hang in there man you are doing so good!!!!
I can hear you loud and clear my friend.   My own marriage has pretty much collapsed since I stopped pouring wine on my own unhappiness so I have an inkling of what you are going through...I hope it all works out for you and keep on being the best person that you can be.  If it isn't good enough for others well......
Congratulations on 300 days. I love to hear about how you've made improvements and bettered yourself over the last 300 days. Relationships are a marathon..I'll not drink with you today!
I keep wondering if my spouse is annoyed not having his drinking partner anymore and not to mention I get pretty annoyed myself when he or anyone else around me gets a buzz on ... I have to figure out how to deal with this I guess because I can not control anyone else just myself.
Hey I'm right there with you. I understand the cannot commit to forever but we can do what we need to to stay sober today. ..About that relationship.....It my daughter. She refuses to let me in. The only reason she has not cut me out of her life is not to hurt the kids who I have a great relationship with. ..Nothing we can do. She still drinks like a fish acts the fool and I am the one that is bad. ..To bad they can't use the steps to repair themselves. 
Congrats on 300 days and all your improvements.  However sorry about your relationship...Thankfully my wife was very supportive (once she knew I was quitting for real) but I would have done it for myself anyway because I wanted a better life for myself.  When people fight they say things to try and hurt the other person so it may be that she didn't even mean what she said.  Hang in there.  This too shall pass.
I quit and thought it would repair the problems instantly in my long term relationship. Quite the opposite . I am now single still sober and she is quite the opposite in fact the drinking has increased and I now see part of what pushed me away was her own problems with drinking. I will not be put up with someone telling me " I'm not fun" or they can't take vacations with me because " what will we do that doesn't involve drinking". That is not someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.  
