-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66enhr/here_we_go/

Hello..I've been lurking for a while now and I think it's time to do something about the reason I've been lurking...I feel like I have a problem. Not a big problem but It could be...Drinking has been a negative in my life for a while now but I've failed to do anything about it. I've taken days off even weeks off but that never seems to have any positive affect if I drink again. I don't get black out and I don't have a track record of regret from drinking as far as doing stupid shit while drunk.  My track records is about feeling terrible for days after I drink. I drink 4-5 beers in a heavier session and I've realized that It's taking days 4-5 days to feel normal again after that. Also It just feels like a waste of money.   . My struggles are the social aspect of drinking (so much revolves around it) and the boredom of not drinking after a few days. I'm working on hobbies to fill my time and holding onto my resolution while in situations where drinking is abundant. ..I don't know... I'm here. I want to stop drinking and I wanted to say 'Hey'...I've gotten a lot of positive reinforcement from this group but joining in is  a way to feel accountable I guess. So here's to day One... again.....Thanks you guys.  I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Glad you're here and I won't drink with you today!
Feeling the same. A couple beers leads to a few more then to this cycle of laying off while my body recoops then back to the weekend again. I will not drink with you today
Feeling the same. A couple beers leads to a few more then to this cycle of laying off while my body recoops then back to the weekend again. I will not drink with you today
I feel you on the 4-5 day hangover(ish). As soon as I start feeling good it starts over again. The best feeling I've had is a two week sobriety period when I woke up productive healthy clearheaded and well-slept everyday. I want that to be my life. Welcome to SD! 
