-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66vdax/todays_the_day_im_dreading_tips_please/

Let's start by saying I'm on day 3 and feel great.  Namely because for the last two days I have had sickness and diarrhea. My husband says it is a bug but I'm not in denial and know it's the effects of the quantity of wine I had been drinking. Today I woke up clear headed and full of energy.  I've had the best nights sleep in a long time and I want to continue like  this. My issue is tonight we have a big birthday party to go to. It will be a big drinking affair.  I am determined not to drink but this is going to look odd with all my friends. I can cope with this as I'll just say I'm still recovering from my bug......BUT and this is the thing the plan is so clear and simple in the cold light of day but come 8pm I know I am going to struggle as my issue is I love to drink.  I love the taste of wine. I love the initial feeling it gives me. I also do not like any alternatives like sweet juices or fizzy drinks like coke or lemonade.  Any tips for staying focused at this party and any advise or non alcoholic drinks that will satisfy me will be greatly received. I know I am asking a lot but I know if anyone can give me good advice it is the community of people on this sub. I have been glued to this for the past two days and it is so eye opening and helpful to know I am not alone in my failure to drink in moderation. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Cranberry and lime? Water with fruit/citrus? I've got a party today too. While my long-term goal is not complete abstinence my short-term one is. I'm going to decline and say that I'm not feeling up to drinking today. There will be a ton of yummy food so I'll be occupied by that at least. GL!
I personally am refusing any and all events that revolve around alcohol. My alcoholic brain will make any and all excuses to pick up a drink. Add that with pressure from the group. That would be a recipe for disaster this early on. I just missed a milestone birthday weekend of my brothers. He understands and supports me. Good luck and my suggestion is what I do all the time. would be to always have an out. If thing get too hairy you can get out of there with your sobriety intact. 
I had to put my sobriety first. This meant making some difficult decisions and possibly hurting some feelings by not attending any functions where there would be alcohol...I was honest with myself and admitted that if there was booze around I was going to drink...Now with a little sober time built up I feel a little more confident in my ability to remain sober in the presence of alcohol. But still the temptation is there...If I absolutely have to attend then I have learned a few tricks to help me avoid drinking...1. I take my own car or provide my own transportation. In this way if I'm feeling weak I can get the fuck out of there without having to wait...2. If I'm feeling weak then I get the fuck out of there...3. I keep a non alcoholic drink in my hand at all times. This helps in several ways. I don't feel quite as left out and it prevents people from offering or insisting on getting me a drink...4. If I'm feeling weak then I get the fuck out of there...5. If people ask I tell them that I'm taking some medication that alcohol doesn't mix well with. Or that I'm not feeling well. Or whatever I feel like telling them because it's none of their business...6. If I'm feeling weak then I get the fuck out of there.
I have found that the only one who cares if I'm drinking is me. In social situations having something to drink in my hand allows me to respond to "Hey curious you want another drink?" with "Nah I'm good. Still working on this one". The drink is not a replacement for alcohol but a reminder that I am drinking [...] and *not* alcohol. ..I would also have an exit strategy. ..I would also check-in here if things got tough. When I've been concerned in the past I've spent time reading here just before the event. ..Another idea - write down *why* drinking tonight would be a poor choice...Good luck. I will not drink with you today. 
Stomach bug for not drinking is a great excuse so others don't bother you with repeated request to have a drinks with them. 
I successfully stopped just before Christmas and we had lots of friends round for New Year's Eve. ..I bought bottles of fizzy apple juice and drank it out of a champagne glass. This had three effects; firstly my glass was always full so I wasn't tempted to switch drinks secondly I didn't feel out of place and thirdly only my wife knew I wasn't drinking. The morning after they didn't believe me when I said I hadn't been drinking. ..My warning though; when I first stopped drinking about a year ago the first time I was at a special occasion I didn't cope at all and drank way too much. It's taken a bit of mental preparation for me to get here. 
If temptation is gonna be there why not just stay home? You already have a legit reason. You're on day 3 which is awesome but you're very vulnerable. Hell I'm only on day 21 and know I'm very vulnerable still. Last weekend at Easter I had to leave my family party after 2 hours because the beer was flowing.
[removed]
I'd say bring your phone and keepposting for support. Comming here really works for me
I dealt with this last weekend: it was Easter with my family and I was convinced everyone would notice when I refused the wine. The reality? They didn't care. AT. ALL. ..I think I get hung up on this because it's an easy excuse to drink again. I realized afterwards that my family most likely didn't care and possibly was relieved. It's easy to think about everything we're giving up for sobriety when the reality is we're gaining a lot by being sober. For example: my siblings won't hesitate to ask me to babysit because they won't worry if I'll be drinking while watching my nieces and nephews. ..Many people live full lives without drinking. Hoping for strength for you tonight - I'll be not drinking right along with you!!!
I tried this wed and failed miserably. I am glad my friend had a good time but it sucked to reset. I would say don't go. They might be happy to see u but...
Go but make plans for an early departure. One difficulty might be the hubby...if you're feeling stressed and want to go but he's having a good time and wants to stay. In that case prepare an alternative mode of transportation.  ..Do you have any supportive people nearby that you can communicate with and be accountable to? "Listen I am walking into the Lion's Den and if I feel shaky you'll be getting a call from me." ..The early exit thing is crucial. Once the others start getting pissed up the gap between your state of mind and theirs will become more and more apparent and this is when temptation will strike. Be prepared for it. As well hanging out with really drunk people can get a little annoying.  ..But the easiest way out of this is simply not to go at all. Is the risk worth it? This is a birthday I am presuming for a friend. "Hey I am not feeling well I don't think I can make it tonight. Let me make it up to you by taking you out for lunch does Thursday work?"  
Hell you've been 'sick' anyway.  Can't go don't want to risk getting anyone else 'sick'.  3 days is barely sprouted yet you've already started feeling the benefits of sobriety.. better sleep being my personal #1.  I'd skip it.  Treat yo'self with your favorite comfort everythings (except booze).
