-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66vrmc/people_want_to_see_the_hulk_not_bruce_banner/

Lately i've been struggling with my friends perception of me. For almost a decade i was always the focal point of hilarious and outlandish drunken escapades. Now on my 52nd day sober now that most of the dust has settled most of my friends are beginning to realize thats not who i am now. ..In fairness the lot of them have been extremely supportive but their support is not without it's underlying disbelief. For example i met with two of my biggest drinking buddies the other day and mentioned i've been 50 days sober. Without skipping a beat one chimes in with "Damn just drink less man!". I'm not looking for a heroes parade but i was shocked their first thought was to undermine my progress. Alcohol has fueled my social circle for so long and i do not wish to abandon some of these life long friends it just has been an odd adjustment for me interacting with them sober.  ..I've hung out with the majority of them during my "recovery" and have had great times and deep conversations but i feel as if they all look at me as if i'm some sort of pi ata thinking "when's he gonna break so we can go back to having REAL fun again". I really have no urge to drink which has been great i see the progress i've made mentally and physically and it really lights a fire under my ass to keep on the straight and narrow. I've never felt uncomfortable alone and actually cherish my "me time" but socially speaking i am at a crossroads of sorts. My phones rings leas and less and at times when my friends are telling their latest tale of debauchery i feel as if i'm left out in the cold while their all huddled around this communal fire. ..I guess i'm just wondering how some of you have dealt with the social adjustment of being sober and if you have any advice on how to handle friendships that feel strained or diminished due to your lifestyle change.
----------immediate responses--------

I have love for my life-long friends...I also have many sober friends.  I find I spend more time with my sober friends.  Some of my former drinking friends have appreciated my gains and have stopped drinking.  Some continue.  Most of those friends prefer other drinkers for myriad reasons.  ..We're each choosing our paths.  Some diverge.  Some converge...It is *different*.  And it's just *Fine*.  ;D
When i first got sober my sponsor told me I was mourning an old life. The old life I had full of half way friends the ones I drank with and who I thought I had deep and established connections with. That group of friends and I complained together drank together were happy and sad together but never Truly connected. When my life began to change those friends disappeared and I was so sad. But I got through it with the help of those who were sober around me. While I felt alone I was never really alone. .I encourage you to talk openly about your experience with others because you can bet there are many others who feel the same way. .Whatever you're going through now will pass just keep going. 
Not to make it sound simplistic but when one becomes a sober human being quite quickly one learns who their 'drinking buddies' are as opposed to their true friends...Friends want you to succeed to grow to be healthy and happy...Drinking buddies want to hang out at a bar and drink with or without you.
Hi Farts-r-Us thank you for this post!  I was always the loudest and drunkest of my drinking buddies and I'm struggling with this now too.  For whatever reason they still hang on my former drunken buffoonery as attractive and sometimes say they miss the old fun me...Sometimes I think what they really miss is having me as the most drunken and foolish person in the group (if it's not me anymore it has to be one of them).  Or at least they're missing having the live reality TV show of my drunken behavior for their amusement.
&gt;i was shocked their first thought was to undermine my progress...Forgive them for their lack of understanding- I don't think they were trying to undermine you so much as trying to offer a solution that seems doable to them. There are many stories on here and at meetings of people who tried to just drink less. Their old neural pathways freshly fueled up with the liquor of their choice took over.
