-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66x7r2/ignore_my_badge/

I had 4 weeks sober and was feeling good and life got hectic and I stopped putting my sobriety first and I relapsed last night. ..I am so disappointed with myself because when will I get it together? I missed most of my AA meetings last week as I was away with my family. ..Question- when I go to AA tomorrow can I tell them I relapsed? Will they kick me out? I am back to sobriety. I do not plan on continuing to drink. ..One of my sober friends told me something last week and it is resonating with me deeply: "let me buy you a drink because you clearly aren't done yet." ..Back to day 1. 
----------immediate responses--------

You will not be kicked out of AA! The only thing they require is a desire to be sober. They will most likely take you back with open arms and be very understanding that you slipped. Not drinking with you today. 
Don't beat yourself up. I'm sure there are very few folks who have never relapsed. You're back here wanting to go back to AA and you know what led you to slip up. Sounds like progress to me! I'm not drinking with you today. 
Hey none of us are perfect we slip we make mistakesI am an expert ;).Please don't beat yourself up.  You have started again and will be able to deal with a similar situation should it arise again...I believe in you and will not drink with you today.
Look buddy I lost count of how many times I reset my badge at first. But I persisted. And you can do it too. ..Every time I relapsed it reinforced the conviction that drinking wasn't good for me. ..But I tried again and again. I'm heading to my fourth year sober now. If someone like me can do this anyone can. ..Good luck and don't give up. It feels like a mountain at first but it gets easier..
Straight up I relapsed many times before this most current go. I would get sober but it just wouldn't stick. AA definitely won't kick you out but you might have to find a new sponsor. Don't be discouraged because you drank it happens. Keep coming back even when you drink it will stick when you're ready.
Hey there. I haven't yet made it past 3 weeks sober before crashing back. Today is my day one again. It's  so hard. ..I won't drink with you today. ..
