-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6710r6/over_five_months_sober_and_put_to_the_test_tonight/

Hey guys. So as the title says I'm closing in on six months sober and couldn't be more happy in my decision and I feel very strong in my choice to abstain from alcohol. With that being said sometimes it's really difficult to be the guy that's not drinking. A co worker invited me over tonight and by the time I got there everyone was super drunk and super high (I don't smoke either). No problem I've been down this road before. There was another co worker there and they were the only two people I knew. There were maybe five or six other people that I didn't know. I'm very socially awkward these days especially when people are drinking and I am not. My co worker that invited me tried sobriety and made it a year without drinking so he kinda knows my situation better than most. He was super cool about not offering me drinks and telling people that I "do my own thing" and don't need alcohol. But it was still kinda awkward turning down beers and shots over and over and being asked why. No big deal though. The thing that got to me tonight was just seeing how much fun everyone was having and feeling like I couldn't have fun and couldn't contribute to what they were doing. I was never tempted to drink or anything because to me it's no longer a choice. I don't drink and that's the only option. I guess I'm just kinda struggling with feeling like I'm not allowed to drink. I hate that I can't drink but I know I would hate it exponentially more if I were to slip back to how I was drinking before. ..There's not really any question here or anything. Just wanted to be heard I guess. I'm sure you guys have been through similar situations and feelings so it's nice to know that I'm not alone. ..Thank you so much for reading fellow sobernauts. I will absolutely not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Thanks for sharing.. .Sobernauts - I love that :)..Well done for getting through the evening..I'm starting day 4 today and it is people like you that give me the strength to know I really can succeed.  ..I will definitely not drink with you today..
Good on you for being disciplined. You won't regret not drinking tomorrow. It's very difficult to connect with someone who has been drinking and is buzzed and it sounds like that is what you are missing. I had a similar experience going to a party tonight. Again good job not giving in. You will be grateful tomorrow.
I went back to an old stomping ground when I was around 5 months it DEFINITELY felt awkward being there sober...One thing I do now is "Don't go out if you don't have a reason to." If it's a friend brithday or karaoke with friends I'll gladly join but I'll have a time limit for being there. I also have some "sober compadres" I can call up if I deicde to go somewhere so that is a good way to keep myself in check...Good on you for being disciplined and staying sober! It's weird but it gets better. ..;)
We all look at people and think they are having a great time but I bedbug you asked all of them a majority would be wishing they were not drinking and are probably envious of you. I am as I've only done 2 weeks and can't wait till I hit 1 month let alone 5! Well done and I won't drink with you today 
I've tried to stop drinking so many times. Every time I struggled with (and eventually gave up because of) the feeling that I'm never going to be allowed/able to drink again..The difference this time the earth-shattering-made-me-weep-with-relief-difference is that I don't have to drink again. OMG. I don't need it anymore ..I do the same thing as others have mentioned. I don't have an issue with people who drink I just weigh my motives and reasons for being around when the booze is flowing. Talk to a sober buddy/sponsor/people here about my plan make sure I'm not trying to bullshit myself into failure..Thank you a ton for sharing your experience... I would wager that there were lots of times that I LOOKED like I was having a good time when inwardly I was insanely uncomfortable and miserable ..Hope you enjoy your hangover free morning! :) 
Wow you have such great self control and will power.  Look at it this way you wake up in the morning not in the PM and have a clear head and an extremely enjoyable day.  Nice reward for stay true to your beliefs. 
Thank you for sharing. Congrats on 159!!!
I am on the other side of this - last night I was among the drunk people having "fun." (I'll be resetting my badge now too...) I caved where you didn't and regret it...The social aspect of staying sober is the worst for me - I am like you super socially awkward when not drinking (and just in general haha). But ultimately I don't remember any of the conversations and at the end of the night the only "fun" is that you are all drunk together. That's literally it - not some lasting bond no meaningful connection. Plus the feeling of fun is confined to that moment which for me doesn't bring the same mental benefits as sober fun...I am here because drinking alcohol has become a burden. Even moderate drinking is burdened with the knowledge that I am doing something bad for me. With the knowledge that the days where I am "just" having a drink with no strings or analysis are gone. And not gonna lie it sucks and is unfair. And I get hung up on that sometimes. Clearly last night showed me I have a long way to go and a lot to learn there...Sorry for the rambling post but I thought maybe you (or others) would benefit from hearing from someone who was not successful where you were. I am looking forward to the day where I can see the 500+ day badge! And I will not drink with you today. 
