-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67153p/almost_to_two_weeks_feel_tempted_but_enjoy_being/

I don't know. I stopped because I just had enough didn't see the point in wasting the money (it's getting tight) and even though it was only a few drinks a night (unless partying) I know the drinking just fuels my anxiety which then tag team my depression. ..The first week felt great I had a surgery that helped enforce ND for the two days prior and even though complications arose (routine outpatient surgery) I landed in the hospital for 5 days (Again helped enforce ND)...Now I partially don't want to out of the fear even a single beer will do to me with the 30% blood volume I lost. I'm pale all the time which is weird for a partial Hispanic. Tired easily. In pain. ..And even though I attribute my AMAZING attitude during my hospital stay to not having the negative effects of alcohol. I'm now struggling with wanting a drink because the recurring stress and pain of these complications are hyping my anxiety. I can't go to the gym to release it I can't go out and socialize (hugely extroverted) and I can only really work from home when I'm not sleeping from the pain meds (not abusing them only as needed) which is increasing my anxiety further. ..I want to work I need to get things done I'm a sales person and deals are slipping away. Mostly what's getting to me is that this level of anxiety weakens my defenses for avoiding regrets of my mistakes with an ex and I find myself thinking about her and the situation...And even when I logically fight back and understand that no matter how much better I could and should have been; her flaws (unwillingness to compromise wouldn't tell me what I'm doing wrong while I begged and pleaded and even  offered I'd get help) would have ultimately destroyed us anyway. I still get thrown around by my emotions like a rubber duck in a hurricane. ..I guess the drive to be better is the only thing keeping me afloat. The title of two weeks being so close. I just want to be better at everything I can. Work compassion communication. I wish you could go to a month or two rewiring seminar so I could just learn how to do everything I wish I was... ..Just a little lost in transition I guess. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today! :) :)
I am going through something very similar right now. I have been unable to get out and exercise or work for the past few months. That adds to my depression and anxiety. It sucks but I know it will get better and I will become a better person. Hang in there. I know you will continue to become a better person too!
I'm also at the two week mark and feeling pretty antsy. I'm also experiencing a lot of guilt and regret and because I know those things are a big reason I drink I'm fighting every thought. I'm doing this by stopping every guilty thought and looking at it rationally. Usually I am not guilty but even if I am at fault I tell myself it's in the past it's already done. And the negative thoughts I try to replace with an opposite positive thought. "I am such an idiot" becomes " I'm a very intelligent person who has been very sick". I'm also working on mindfulness and being present with an exercise my counselor told me about. It's not easy at all. For the last three days I've been surrounded by booze and my SO has been drinking every single day since I quit except for three days. It was stupid of me to put myself in this situation but I'm learning from it. I will not drink with you today!
