-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6757qq/one_last_drink/

I wrote my fucking college essay about how I would learn from my alcoholic father's mistakes and yet here I am. I'm about to get married to the most compassionate loving sensitive man I've ever met. He has never made me feel bad about how much I drink...But I feel bad about how much I drink and I know I drink too much...I am about to commit myself to a strict diet that excludes alcohol but honestly... I haven't been more than four days without a drink in 5 years (since I turned 21). It's going to be hard... I was hoping I  could get some feedback from someone who's struggled with drinking themselves. ..Thanks Reddit. I hope you find all the dickbutts.
----------immediate responses--------

AA was the beginning of my new life. If you find your having a hard time stopping once you've had a couple and have a desire to stop drinking they can probably help you too.
Well I've been dry (20 years of  not drinking while I raised my kiddos). I was alone for several years very lonely and decided I could have a drink every now and again. It did t happen all at once not real quick but eventually I was back to daily drinking. ..After a "lost weekend" I was forced to sober up. I was ordered under threat of losing my grandchildren to do the 90 meetings in 90 days deal..I have been sober through the fellowship of AA for 3 1/2 years and love it ..I'm sure doing alone works and I know AA isn't for everyone but it might be worth a try. Your man and your future kids deserve the best you they can have 
I said one last drink 1000+ times and it never worked.   I made a complete mess of my life and alcohol was there every step of the way.  I had to hit rock-bottom and get to a doctor treatment and AA..Underestimating alcohol nearly killed me.
Podcasts have been really helpful to me and a big part of how I have been able to string some time together. I would recommend The Bubble Hour Recovery Elevator and Since Right Now. Whoever you are you deserve a chance to be happy!    
This subreddit was a fantastic place for me to gather thoughts and experiences. Really helped me visualize what sobriety would mean. There are amazing folks from all over the sobriety spectrum who have been instrumental in my continuing understanding of my disease...I too had/have a compassionate partner. Mine was/is instrumental in helping me be the best version of myself. I asked for help--for reminders for encouragement for understanding and compassion. To my abject surprise and (to-this-day) amazement everything I needed was provided in spades. I am continually humbled by his generosity. ..I also asked a lot more of others in my life. I discussed my alcoholism with mental health professionals addiction specialists my *doctor* (which was an excellent step) and other alcoholics. I could not have gotten here alone. ..Which is not to imply that it wasn't difficult. It *was* hard for me. But it was worth *every damn minute*. I heard it here that "sobriety is the life that alcohol promised you". And I've found that that's true for me. ..So we are here. How can we help?.
