-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/675opk/sobriety_is_hard/

First time poster. The past few months I've cut down on my drinking which has been really nice especially without the nights of binging and waking up after noon the following day. I've decided to cut back even more though to help me keep my calorie intake in check so I've been sober for about two weeks...I've had a really boring day so far and nothing that I usually do to occupy my time sounds entertaining which makes me tempted to pick up a drink and play some video games all night (no work tomorrow). I think I cherish the days that I got hammered while playing games online with friends...On one hand I want to have another experience like that. On the other hand I don't want to stay up all night and sleep tomorrow away plus those extra calories would really hurt my diet...I guess this post doesn't have much of a meaning other than me complaining and sharing my current struggle...I give my props to all of you who have been able to resist drinking it's really tough...Looking at the posting rules just reminded me of last nights dream: I got plastered woke up at 1 and was disappointed with myself. Thankfully I actually woke up around 9 and I was happy that I've stayed sober. Nonetheless I'm still tempted to pour a glass.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it!  It gets easier.  I find procrastinating drinking can be really useful when I'm tempted.  I tell myself "later" but then I just let myself catch up to "later"...
Last night it was about 2am and I had a choice to do something really self-destructive (not drinking related) but I turned it down after distracting myself with something else. I woke up extremely relieved and grateful that I didn't do it. Do anything to distract yourself even something you don't feel like doing. If not drinking is your goal then doing anything else to avoid drinking is the better choice. I am still happy I didn't do it.
Yes sobriety is difficult. That's why I got help. 
    
I know what you mean! There's a part of me that misses sitting down with some malt liquor and playing COD. I don't even like COD that much anymore....And yet...I think about it. However when I was drinking I missed being coherent and interested enough to follow the story of a good RPG. Honestly...Gaming sober is better than it ever was when I was drunk. I'm still on the hunt for a good RPG to start...Been considering Witcher 3...Perhaps my hunt will turn into a wild one. Not drinking with you good buddy! 
I got to the point recently where I realized feeling bored is much better than being an alcoholic and dealing with all the crap that goes along with it.
