-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/675sq2/what_are_some_of_the_best_depictions_of/

I have to say these movies give me an odd sense of comfort in sobriety. ..Jeff Bridges in Crazy Heart does a great job but I can't think of many else...EDIT: it's strange; the solace these stories provide for us. I personally struggle deeply with the idea that I lost everything that mattered to me and this feels like a massively heavy journey at times. I drive myself crazy thinking I have to work twice as hard to just get back to a point if even there that I reached before but with far less effort. Why do I have to do all that just to be there again. I can't handle that reality at times and watching stories of others going through a similar pattern is so calming. I've kind of come to terms with the fact that there is no redemption. It's rather about learning how to carry the gigantic cross I've built for myself and accept that that is my future reality. I sort of high jacked this for my rant here but what can ya do.
----------immediate responses--------

Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolf is a classic
The last night I drank I watched Crazy Heart. I'd seen it many times before but for some reason it really affected me that time. It's part of what prompted me to quit. ..I can't think of other movies that depict the realities of alcoholism like that one does. 
The film "Pollock."
Jack Lemon and Lee Remick in *Days of Wine and Roses.*..And although it's a different flavor of the disease I thought Michael Fassbender in *Shame* gave a very moving depiction of sex addiction. 
Flight.
It might not be what you're looking for but Leo in The West Wing speaks to my alcoholic soul.
Denzel Washington in Flight.   .
Been sober just over 2 years after a 25 year drinking career. Seen Crazy Heart 8 times. Only movie I've ever watched more than twice. ..The guys whole life has become one giant bottom.  He finally gets a break and meets a quality girl and screws that up too. ..The ending is solid as can be. It's a movie that really resonates with me and acts as a solid reminder of what life was like when alcohol plays centre stage. And how life turns around when your committed to sobriety...My number one choice by far when I want a reminder via a movie why I'm sober and need to stay sober.
Manchester by the Sea was a brilliant character study. While it's not as 'in your face like 'Crazy Heart' there's a lingering subtext of alcoholism and it's effect on tragedy and emotional stability
"Mighty Angel" - polish picture about an alcoholic. So true that gives you shivers. Strong movie. Let me know if you watched it.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2521188/
The Girl on the Train especially got to me. Both the book and the movie.
Am older movie When a man loves a women is good. Meg Ryan and Andy Garcia play husband and wife. 
The Lost Weekend with Ray Milland absolutely chilling. 
Mad Men does a good job of showing it. Sometimes they glorify the drinking but that's how it always is for people who drink. It seems great. Then the crash hits and it hits the main character hard. 
