-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/679gw5/i_started_drinking_alone_a_lot_and_getting_sober/

Hi everyone I've been in and out of sobriety a few times in the past two years ever since I found this reddit. I'm 23 years old now...I think I'm depressed and considering an alcohol is a depressant I'm just going lower and lower. I started drinking alone something I've never done before. I mean maybe having a glass of beer while eating has happened before but in the past months I've been drinking at least a bottle of wine every other night. Sometimes they turn into two or even three bottles..And it's sad like I usually listen to music that reminds me of happy memories and start crying melancholically. I don't even know what's behind all of this but I know that the single way I can restore my mental health is by being sober...Also my memory has never been as hazy as it is now It's hard for me to remember what has happened since the beginning of the year. I usually check my phone to remember stuff and then I realise that most of the pictures of my phone are related to parties and alcohol and what not...I've never felt so threatened by giving up a certain "poison" meaning either booze or weed. I hate how numbing these substances are and also how comfortable it is to fall into this numbness. I also started smoking cigarettes regularly which I never ever did I usually just smoked while I was drinking...It's also the first time ever when the whole idea of quitting booze seems like a huge struggle. Until now it was more of a bummer I guess. Now it feels like a huge headache. I'm on day two and I just can't see the light at the end of the tunnel (which is day 21: I know that I start to feel better and optimistic about sobriety after 3 weeks or so)...Even though my friends think I've done worse in the past because I used to get really drunk really often at clubs and bars I think this is worse this feels like a heavy poisonous drinking which isn't even fun most of the time. I drink to fall asleep. I get really upset when my friends don't want to drink with me. And when I finally get to drink with them I get insanely drunk until I crash and the next day I wake up drunk and I drink again until I crash in the evening again...I don't really get it even with weed most of my friends get to a certain point and don't want to smoke more. For me it's never enough it's like I want to fall unconscious intentionally it's like that would be my ideal kind of numbness...I also find it really interesting and saddening that I play it down even to my closest friends even to my best friend which drinks as much or even more than me. I often feel ashamed...For now I'm away from my chaotic life. I'm on vacation visiting my parents where the risks of me getting drunk is way lower. I'll be staying for exactly three weeks so I hope I can manage not to drink during this period. And when I go back home it will be way easier to stay sober because I will be 3 weeks into it. 
----------immediate responses--------

i dont know what you do in life normally but im in college and i sometimes say to my parents when i visit them that "I want to detox because theres so much drinking and going out in my social circles and at uni life" and my mom and i make a pact to not drink while im home which i normally find nice .I dont know if you could do something like that? .In a way not telling them that you have an issue but simply that you want to cleanse your body a bit. 
I could have wrote this myself last year. I am glad you are home for a few weeks where you can break away from the environment for a bit. I am 28 but I also am in my 2nd year of abstaining. For me it is also an all or nothing with any substance I go and go and go until I am out.... and apparently there is a big gap between me blacking out and me actually passing out. Scary stuff. I also am really upset with how much I can't remember - like I think I remember that day but then someone will say something and I don't remember it then I realize I am missing most of that day/week. Anyways I am rambling - I just wanted to say that you aren't alone...Hope you can find some peace at home...High Five for reaching out 
I am on day 3 and one of my main wake up calls came a week or so ago when i was watching the sopranos and dr melfi was admitting to her therapist that she had started drinking alone.  My immediate thought was "thats a bad thing i do that all the time"?  Then a minute later i got a horrible sinking feeling like "oh shit".  I would also listen to music and alone and drink - and alot of times start with the melancholy tears.  I dont know what else to say other than that i can relate and it makes me realize that drinking hasnt been doing me any favors! 
