-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67f0cb/struggling_rant/

I found this sub after posting on r/alcoholism (good sub BTW). Today is day 41. Until now it's felt reasonably smooth (with the obvious exception of those first few days). But today Christ I feel like shit. Run down irritable. The day started off average with the SO and I having a minor disagreement about pointless crap - nothing big or major but mixed with feeling run down (cold) ehhh. Kids are going bonkers everything is annoying me. ..We went to the shops earlier I told the better half I was struggling and had no idea why. She was pretty good about it. I went and did the groceries with the youngest and struggled to walk past the bottle shop - but I did. Best part was spending some time playing peek-a-boo with my 1 year old think it distracted me as much as him. Now he's screaming about god knows what (random tantrum). SO is telling the kids if they need something to ask me I feel like I can't do anything and that's making me annoyed. God I'm awful. Such a selfish SOB...Family asked for a BBQ tonight first one since sobriety. Not helping my mood I love BBQs but I use to always have a few beers while setting up cooking etc...Guess I'm just feeling shitty no idea why. One of those days and that nagging voice won't piss off. Just need to to make it to tomorrow - now where home it's good. No alcohol here. Tomorrow is my first meeting nervous for it but know I need it...Bah everything was going so smoothly I think that's why I'm annoyed/angry/frustrated. Just need that moment of clarity I haven't been able to find today...Thanks for reading my rant - just needed to get it out I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya. Sending you best wishes and hope that your day gets better:-)
I know this sounds cheesy but when my kids get like how you describe and I'm already having a bad day I just call a pause and ask for a cuddle before I can do whatever they are asking for - helps me lots and kinda takes the wind out of their sails a little too :) hope you feel happier soon!  Well done on the 42 days!! I will not drink with you today. 
Thank you tomorrow will be better one day at a time.
Hey and welcome! Congrats on 42 days!..I felt like you did and meetings &amp; SD are a significant part of what's helping me through recovery. I'm glad to hear that you're going to a meeting that's a great step! I was nervous about my first meeting too but they welcomed me with open arms I wasn't expected to share until I felt comfortable and before I knew it I was managing the coffee station ;). ..Best of luck to you - please let us know how it goes!
That place isn't a good sub in fact it is full of those who refuse to even try to quit and think is it heroic to go down in alcoholic flames.
