-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67f8n6/a_night_i_would_have_got_plastered/

As the chronic relapser I am I did not go out and drink last night. And it was an evening for it. Tons of drama with the ex-husband and his girlfriend. And I was brought in because it was over my ex spending time with our son and me. Our son's favorite thing is having both mom and dad together with him. I would have drank after the stress and headache of the drama. And my court date looming ahead.  But I persevered. No alcohol. And my reward is instead of waking up at 3:30 a.m. vomiting and feeling like crap I woke up at 3:30 a.m. desolate and lonely crying. I had been kind of close with my ex's girlfriend but she is apparently very jealous of myself so there goes one more friendship down the tubes. And I can't afford that. I don't have any other friends. Not joking. I spend the majority of my adult contact time with my ex and his girl. or did. I keep hearing a line from the show House where Cuddy is scolding House over a disagreement between him and Wilson. She says "That is why it pays to have more than one friend House."  Not that I have other options at the moment.
----------immediate responses--------

I admire your strength. Stay strong - you have friends here. I will join you in not drinking today. 
Congrats on 1 week! .One of my own goals right now is to expand my friend circle...it does help me to reach out to others..Not drinking with you today! :-)
Hey we have the same cakeday - Congrats on week one (wasn't it hell?!)! I feel you on the friendship bit - I have 2. 2 people other than family and that is it. Whelp one is moving 2 hours away (but will be in town every other weekend) so there goes that. The other is my best friend since I was about 12. She has been there for me through 2 years of relapses a marriage a divorce 2 rounds of rehab loosing everything including my mind...... but now she is getting divorced &amp; imo spinning out of control (seriously she got a boob job and lost her friggin mind). I want to be there for her but she doesn't need help she is happy throwing her life down the drain. I can't hang out with her as I have recently relapses and super protective of my sobriety &amp; going to a bar "to just play pool" is not something I am in any way interested in doing.... Rambling sorry. Anywhoooooo - I feel you no friends - it blows. I am trying meetings and maybe I can make some sober friends there - so far I haven't seen any prospects but I am sticking with my decision to try it all month. I have friends on here though! Not exactly the same but still valuable to me...High Five
Thank you for your support guys. I had a good run this morning (something I would not have been able to do hung over) and moving on with my day
Play the tape all the way through!
