-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67hdza/so_almost_at_8_months_clean_and_struggling_a_bit/

So I'm not really sure how to begin this. I guess to start I should say I am have a little bit of fear in me right now. I am reaching really close to my most time sober (I made it 10 months before my last relapse) that has me a little unnerved. The thing killing me though is my best friend relapsed just last week and it's messing with my head. I'm not pissed at the guy he handled it the right way he reached out right away and didn't let it hijack him...The question it has in my mind though is how am I keeping it together? I don't know how I feel about this. The other morning I was listening to some music and thinking about just how weird it is to be at a point in my life where I don't dread waking up in the morning. I work at a recovery center I love my job my clients my co-workers. I love waking up in the morning and just doing shit without waiting for stores to open without a pounding headache and without hating myself. I don't go to bed imagining the different ways to end it all anymore. I don't ever want to go back there. ..I am afraid. Of the future I am mostly scared of my track record of setting fire to every good thing that has ever happened to me. I am not setting fire to this this is consistent. I am not scared of all the "what ifs" I feel like I can handle most of what life might throw my way. Right now though I am scared of drinking and it feels like being scared of the fucking boogeyman. My buddy was doing so well and honestly I didn't see it coming. I am glad he's okay but I feel like I am scared I might miss something with me and blow everything to hell again. ..Its bizarre and I feel like I am doing well and even in that note I have been all the more cautious as to not become complacent. I just wish that through all this addiction didn't feel like it was so ethereal. But I am here. I am sober I am not drinking today. Thats all I've got.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your eight months...I definitely can relate.  I still have many worries about the future (none about drinking since I have zero desire to ever do that again but worries about health family career etc.).  This quote attributed to Mark Twain helps me to realize most of it is just in my head though:  "I am an old man and have known a great many troubles but most of them never happened."
good luck.....I cant believe effects of this depressant even after long spans without...I have learned that it is my "gateway"
I understand what you are saying. It sounds like you are a good friend too. My focus is on the moment. I cannot control what will happen in a year from now. I can control this moment. It is small enough to manage. For me I have to think and ACT this way. I am trying to get structure around my sobriety by attending Rescue Recovery and practicing mindful meditation...Be well friend. I won't be drinking with you today!
I have suffered the effects of my drinking for too long. I've lost many things and people that were once important to me. I've done serious harm to my body mind and spirit with alcohol. I know that a single drink will put me right back onto that road to self induced destruction and pain...And yet I sometimes do think about drinking despite 30 years of self harm. How frickin' crazy is that??..But I know that TODAY I will not drink. Today is the one thing that I have control over. I'll handle tomorrow tomorrow and I'll try my best not to worry about what the future holds.
All I really know is that feeling these types of emotions is the only way to let them go. You reached out you are aware and now you just need to feel this fear and let it go. Fear isn't always a sign that something's wrong it can just be a signal like a heads up. You got this. I won't drink with you today.
I'm scared now too. Thanks for reminding me that I'm not alone.
