-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67p8k4/30_days_without_a_drink_my_experience_so_far/

<Dramatic/happy sigh>: I have not taken a drink for 30 days. This is the longest I've gone without alcohol in 16 maybe 17 years. I am 36 years old. I have a solid job a house a partner pets a car no more student loans almost no debt. I have a family and friends who love me. I'm healthy mainly because I've been drinking tons of water and cooking at home for a long time and walking my dog every day has kept me from decrepitude. I am learning that the hardest part of sobriety is NOT the not drinking it's the living. ..I'm an alcoholic. I've been an alcoholic since the first time I chose to drink. I've always wanted more. Even though I didn't start drinking heavily every day until my late 20s my memories of those early years show me I've always had this problem. But going further my behavior has been obsessive since the beginning. I've always preferred to be consumed by other things (physical activities/sports boys I liked writers poets musicians and actors I adored school movies and television cigarettes and then booze). I consistently chose to focus my attention externally because it was easier than dealing honestly with my emotions. I've never known how to fill myself so I've always felt empty. I've never known how to handle my emotions so I've been ruled by them. Coming out of the cycle of two bottles of wine a night for years and years I barely know who I am. I don't recognize myself in my past. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say that I feel like I'm awake for the first time in my entire life...Yesterday my mom told me about two birds trying to build a nest in her garage and her struggle trying to convince them to build it somewhere else somewhere they could have constant access. Every time she removes the sticks and leaves and mud they return with more. When the door is closed they're confused. When we hung up the phone I sat and felt devastated for those birds. It made me so sad to think of their plight and how they have no control over what's happening. They just keep trying to do what they're meant to do and failing. After a while I decided to think about it another way. I made the choice to change my reaction. And it occurred to me that they'll figure it out they'll find a tree and build the nest there and it will probably be fine. And amazingly I felt better. It might seem silly but this small choice I made is significant to me. I was able to change how I felt all on my own. 30 days ago I would have poured a glass of wine and drowned those feelings instead of facing them...Living sober has come with all kinds of feelings I didn't expect. I wrote previously about the anger I experienced in week 2 and how it caught me off guard. Yesterday I felt good this morning I was in a bad mood for no discernible reason. Sometimes I have energy and I sleep well; other times I'm exhausted and am plagued by anxious thoughts. I read SD every day. I'm working on focusing my life towards things I want to achieve and it's slow going for sure. But there is a clarity that I never want to give up. The comaraderie and support of this subreddit have been invaluable and I want to reach out to people in real life and make connections. I think I'm finally ready to do that. ..For me choosing not to drink each day has gotten easier but I'm still learning to choose to live. I've relapsed in the past when it got to be too much and I think those relapses helped me get to where I am right now. I feel like I'm standing on the edge of something huge and I'm no longer quite so afraid to move forward into the unknown. ..Thanks for reading! I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Wonderful post!  I am struggling today and you (and the others here) remind me how far from alone I am.  ..I think the birdies will be happy that someone forced them out of harm's way whether or not they knew they were in danger.  Nice story :) 
Great post.  It's not always easy but it does get easier :)
Beautifully said and thanks for sharing. We have a lot in common. About the same age successful career and lots of other parallels with you especially the obsessing with external things (sports my body work various hobbies) to the max for the same reasons.  ..It struck me as I read your post that we are not really unlike those birds. Coming back to where we think is a good nest but was really a toxic nest. Well I'm flying away from that toxic 20 year old nest now and here is hoping we find some nice trees to perch on for good!..I won't drink with you today.
This post is brilliant and so are all the comments. I'm in a very similar place right now - finding new and less toxic ways of living. Some days it's a real struggle but I know I'll (we'll) get there. Thanks for posting :-)
Congrats sobriety twin! :) ..I love your post and identify with it all. It's true that it feels slow going to what we want to achieve but this is undoubtedly the right path...I get what you mean I have never had a handle on my emotions they were always up and down and completely at the mercy of other people. It's the biggest freedom to have control over our emotions and the only way to master it is to practise it every day. I'm on that path too. Escaping will never work. "The only way out is through"..Happy for you and thanks for sharing these wonderful thoughts! 
This was a great read I really related to you about the obsessive behavior and also using wine to calm me down or mask my anxiety stress sadness happieness lol whatever emotion I didn't feel it...Its really nice just learning how to deal with real emotions and also doing things just for myself rather than being obsessive over another person or a hobbie or an addiction.
Thank you for such a human response. I know what I've got to come and reading your post really hit me. I'm glad you're tackling your feelings (life) head on. Keep it up and I will do the same...I'm looking forward to my 30 day post it'll also be my first month sober in over 12 (ish) years...Keep on trucking Ms_Kenton!
Very nice post. I relate to a lot of what you said.
Thanks for articulating this so clearly. We also have a lot in common. Same age same amount of booze every night similar in that our lives from the outside both look successful and happy. Then there's the fact that I also would have cried and had a drink about those birds :)..I definitely haven't figured out how living works yet and I'm realizing that maybe this is why I failed (relapsed) the last few times I tried to make this change. Personally AA is a difficult fit and not one I'm sure is right for me anyway and my life is so full that creating new habits or interests feels overwhelming. Not to mention that after 17 years of having only one real and dedicated habit I'm not even sure where to begin...Please post more when you start to find patterns and activities that work for you. If I manage some I promise to do the same...Have a fabulous Wednesday :)
Lovely post!  Those birds will eventually figure out their choice was a bad one.  If they could "play the tape forward"  they would see they would at some point be isolated from their home their eggs and their children.  Just like us they needed to re-think their life plan to be happy birds...I will not drink with you today.
Congrats!!!! I read SD everyday as well and it makes such a difference.  I quite New Years Eve and relapsed 3 weeks later for one day.  I was so disappointed in myself that it really just made my drive stronger.  The first 30 days are no joke - I have a great job family lots of friends - I justified drinking about 2 bottles of wine a night bc it wasn't harming anything.  Now closing in on 100 days I see how much it actually was destroying my life.  I now treasure this sobriety.  I will not drink with you today! 
This is so inspiring and relatable thank you 
hi keep up the good work 
Great share! Right now I am finding out avoiding drinking will be easy for me it was just breaking through the first couple days. But after not loving myself or really living at all for the last 5 years learning how to direct my time and energy relearning or doscovering new talents it all feels overwhelming and worries that anxiety might drown me back in booze. I guess it is one day at a time and moment by moment. I will not drink with you tonight :)
I have long believed alcoholics are very sensitive people - I can't watch those commercials on TV for the humane society - they will literally ruin my day - they haunt me - if I even think someone is being cruel to an animal or a child I can't handle it - but you are so right sometimes we do let the sad thoughts over take us - We can think about it another way - I saw an abandon dog over the winter- I tried so hard to rescue her and she just was too afraid and wouldn't come - and after I imagined all these horrible things happening to her - but you're right I don't know that to be true - I can also imagine a good ending she ended up in someones yard and they opened the door and she is laying on a blanket by a warm fire etc... a choice to be positive - I know I must work on this or maybe that is the kind of thing that drove me to drink in the first place -You are doing super Thanks for sharing !!! 
This is a great post. Thank you for sharing and congrats on hitting the big 3-0!
Thank you for sharing and I really loved the way you described your thought process with the birds. It really spoke to me. It really is all about the way you view things. 
That was amazingly said and what you've written resonates a lot with me. Especially the part about not knowing how to handle emotions and being ruled by them and not knowing how to fill oneself so feeling empty and preferring to focus/be consumed by external things. I'm so happy to hear about how far you've come and how you are feeling now. I will not drink with you today! 
Dude. Like looking in a mirror. Thank you for this. Not drinking with you today.
I love this post thank you. I feel the same way about focusing my attention externally. The past couple of days I've realised how much more I am thinking about things planning my day talking more to myself inside my head. Sounds like I'm nuts but I've definitely felt myself being able to focus on things more internally and realise how little I know about myself and how long thay has been going on for. Not being hungover probably helps!
