-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67y70t/im_going_to_try_to_quit_but_i_dont_know_if_im/

Sorry if this is long. I just threw away all my alcohol and I'm overwhelmed with fear guilt and shame. ..I'm 25 female. For the past year I have been buying plastic 750ML bottles of vodka several times a week and hiding them from my boyfriend who I live with. He knows I struggle with addictive tendencies but he has absolutely no clue about the extent of my alcohol abuse. ..I also buy a bottle of wine once or twice a week that he knows about and he has been proud of me for keeping my drinking under control. Because when we first started dating I would frequently get blackout drunk and it caused a lot of strife between us. I haven't been drunk like that in over a year but I still drink 4-6 drinks a night...That's the most insidious part. I can maintain this because it's so easy for me to hide being slightly drunk now. ..But it's destroying me. I'm physically unwell my liver feels bruised daily but I ignore it and pretend it isn't happening. I am so addicted that I can't trust my judgement. Even though I threw everything away I know that tonight I am going to seriously regret it. I'm going to have to fight with everything I have not to drive down to the store and get more. My brain will justify it however it has to I'm so afraid I will give in again...To make it worse I'm also addicted to adderall which plays a huge part in my intense cravings for alcohol. If I don't take Adderall I physically can't function. I am too tired to get out of bed I am a depressed lethargic mess. But the daily comedown makes me moody and irritable and alcohol is my go-to to take the edge off. It's how I cope and be in a better mood for my boyfriend. Otherwise I will snap at him and just want to be left alone and he doesn't deserve that. He doesn't deserve any of this. ..I've been feeling incredibly sick for the past three days. My bf knows something is wrong but I can't tell him the whole truth. I am nauseous all the time I can't eat I can't sleep I am weak and dizzy. I can't sustain this lifestyle anymore. ..I can't tell anyone any of this it's all secret and I want to detox but I won't be able to explain what is going on without basically ruining my relationship and any trust my bf ever had for me. I want to just be done with this and close this chapter of my life and never have to lie to him again. I want to be happy and healthy and the girlfriend he deserves. Not this lying sneaky shell of a person that is only barely holding it together. ..I'm just so weak willed. I only care about feeling good in the moment I'm selfish and have no discipline. I feel out of control and I don't think I can do it on my own. ..Maybe a couple weeks of feeling like shit and being a terrible person to be around will be worth it in the long run if I can get clean. I just don't want to put my bf through that even though it has to be done. I'm headed towards cirrhosis if I don't stop now. I just wish I could tell him. But I'm going to have to bear this burden alone and I'm so scared. ..I guess I'm just looking for advice or support or anything. I just needed to get this off my chest. ...**TLDR:** *I'm a secret alcoholic I'm becoming frighteningly sick from it I need to detox but I can't tell my boyfriend or lean on him for support or he'll never forgive me.*.
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes the people who love me surprise me with their understanding.  I find people in my life value my open vulnerable and honest self.  That deepens my intimacy.
I think you came to the right place :) Please keep in mind that the way you drink is not simply a moral failing on your part. Reaching out here took some guts and so did confronting this thing in your life that you want to change...I'm glad that you've decided to stop and it seems like you're very aware of the physical toll drinking's been taking on you. Do you have a doctor? I personally would seek help from a primary care physician even if it's just to explain the situation and potentially to get short-term meds to ease the withdrawal. ..As for your relationship I know the tremendous guilt of carrying a secret. I also know that people can surprise you. Unless you think you might be in danger if you tell him I think being honest with your boyfriend might be the best thing you can do. Is there anyone else you trust that can help you through this? Friends or family? It is really hard facing the truth that you have a problem with alcohol but know that so many of us have the same problem and you're not alone.  .
Being honest about my alcoholism was the first step I had to take before I could stop drinking. That meant being honest not just with myself but with the people closest to me. I think you've exhibited courage in facing this thing that you want to change and I think you've come to the right place for help. If you're here you're not alone in this...In my experience a relationship takes two people trusting each other and helping each other to work. I divorced a man who I no longer trusted and who never wanted to help me do anything. I'm with a man now who knows all my secrets and loves me for them and more. ..When I told my family I was quitting drinking their support surprised me. Several told me they'd been worried about my drinking but they'd never said so in the past. I was surprised at how easy it was. ..I wish you well through this detox and hope you keep coming back here and sharing or reading. It's helped me tremendously this last month.
Detox's are good. I mean you could try on your own. If you can't be honest with your boyfriend at least be honest with your doctor. Naltraxone really really helped me get some time under my belt (4 months now and I've been through 3 detoxes in the past). ..
