-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68277k/today_marks_9_years_of_continuous_sobriety/

Not fishing for accolades or congratulations. My rich rewarding and fulfilling sober life gives me all the gratification I need. If you're struggling know that long term recovery is possible. Here are some things that I have learned mostly from others which have been helpful in maintaining my sobriety. ..Relapse doesn't have to be a part of recovery. This has been my experience. I'm incredibly fortunate to have been sober since entering treatment 9 years ago. It's not lost on me that this isn't the norm. I owe it to myself to stay the course. ..While treatment changed and quite possibly saved my life it was only a beginning. Rehab is not a "one and done" fix all. It is not a cure. The real work starts upon leaving. ..We can chose our bottom. Mine might not have been as low as others and yet lower than some but I experienced enough pain to commit to another way of living. It started by asking for help and not picking up that first drink. ..Speaking of bottoms I need to remember to never compare myself to others that seem worse off than me. Never say "well I wasn't that bad." Yet. But for the grace of god there go I. ..In my experience alcoholism creates isolation. I need real life connection with others in recovery to be successful. I can't stress how important this has been and still is for me. I couldn't get sober on my own.  And I can't continue to stay sober on my own. ..Making sure at least one other person knows what is going on in my life. Someone to stay current with. My default setting is to not let people into my inner world. This is as important now as it was at 1 month. ..Willingness to do whatever it takes to stay sober is essential. Early on this meant many meetings a week no romantic relationships staying away from places where alcohol is served.  Today it means staying connected with people in recovery through meetings and doing my best to live an honest principled life. Some days I succeed. Some days I fail but I don't drink over it. ..Try everyday to be a better husband son coworker friend and soon to be father. ..Regular exercise the right amount of sleep and a healthy diet are important. ..Giving back is crucial. Helping others in recovery gets me out of myself. For a guy who is as self-centered as I am and spends most of his thinking about his own problems this is paramount. ..To never forget that I'm alcoholic. As soon as I do it makes it that much easier to pick up a drink. Regular contact with others like me reminds me of this. ..When I get overwhelmed with life I make a written list of what I need to get done. Knocking things off a to do list creates a sense of accomplishment and a feeling of a weight being taken off my shoulders. Even a small number of things that I need to get done can make me feel overwhelmed. It's a big part of how I manage stress. Sometimes I put stuff on the list I've already done then check it off. Haha. For real though. ..If you're at bottom feeling alone and helpless know that there is hope for you. Know that there is another way to live. Know that there is a way out. I've been where you are suffering several different kinds of bankruptcy. I'm not there anymore. If you're desperate good. It may not feel like it at the moment but desperation is a gift because it creates the willingness needed to change the way you are living.  A new life is possible. ..TL;DR Sobriety starts with asking for help connecting with others in recovery and not picking up that first drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats.....My partner will be celebrating his 11th year this August.
Excellent post and you have shared a wonderful perspective on remaining sober.  Many congratulations.
Connection. IRL connection (SD is great don't get me wrong). That is what I am changing this round on the sober train. I need real life connection with people - I was an at home alone drinker so I need people. There for I am going to meetings and trying to make friends I need an IRL in person. I have family don't get me wrong but I need like an SD person but IRL haha. ..On the to do list bit: The first thing I write is "make a list" and the second is "continue list". I start off accomplished then when I wonder off and eventually find my way back to my list I start off accomplished again...Congrats on the 9 years! [High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
What a great post and a hearty congratulations to you. ...My experience has been identical to yours.  ...And congratulations on your upcoming parenthood. I'm very happy for you.  
This is excellent thank you.
Thank you so much for your insight!  I couldn't agree more with you.  You have highlighted so many critical elements that keep me sober as well.  Congrats on 9 years!  Looks like you are living The Promises :)
thank you for posting....your words touched me.....
Thank you for posting - your words are truly inspirational!! Congrats on your soon to be Dad role - your child to be will be so fortunate to have you in his/her life!
Love this. You gave me a lot to think about. Have a great day!
I am currently struggling with comparing myself to others both those who have quit and those who continue to drink. I need to remind myself that this journey is about my sobriety and my well being and stop making all the comparisons. Thank you for the reminder and congrats on 9 years! I will join you in not drinking just for today. 
Congratulations on your soon to be fatherhood and 9 years. Thank you for posting your advice is invaluable. 
A lot of wisdom in your words that really hit home. Congratulations and thanks for your post.
Congrats and remember the gifts keep coming....I am doing things now that I couldn't imagine at nine years!
This is such a great post so much wisdom in it. Congrats on 9 years! 
9 years - IN A ROW - is awesome! ..Great post that covers a lot of How it works! 
Congratulations and here is to 9.More years!
Thanks for sharing you've already helped me today. You are awesome!
Congratulations and thanks for sharing! I really appreciate the insights from someone with long term success and I take away from this that the work never stops but neither do the rewards. ..Best wishes on your upcoming fatherhood as well!
I don't have many words right now but I just wanted to say thank you for posting this. 
I like what you said about choosing your bottom. You don't have to be a certain level of 'bad' to stop. Better not to wait until something catastrophic happens...My bottom was realizing I'd gained 80 lbs not being able to give my dog the exercise he needs and the mental fog keeping me from writing (a passion which is very important to me). It could be a lot worse. But it could also be a lot better and I'd rather go for the latter than chance the former. ;)..Thanks for this awesome post and congratulations on your success. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations and thank you for sharing. This really stuck out with me: .."Rehab is not a "one and done" fix all. It is not a cure. The real work starts upon leaving". How true!!
Awesome! Well done!
&gt; Not fishing for accolades or congratulations...Right... Then fuck off. 
Great post! 9 years is very inspiring. 
Thank you! This was so well put a version of the work that's grounded and easily digested. Your story is my daily dose of humbleness and gratefulness. Kudos brother for finding the life you were always meant to have.
Anyone struggling must believe a better life can be had.   And it is amazing.
&gt; We can chose our bottom. Mine might not have been as low as others and yet lower than some but I experienced enough pain to commit to another way of living. It started by asking for help and not picking up that first drink...yes yes yes! i've been saying this for a while now. the ONLY rock bottom is death. we stop drinking and using when we make the choice to get help and change our lives. you don't have to hit a 'bottom' to do that
9 years is straight baller!  Congrats.  And congrats on the upcoming little one as well.
CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for this just what I needed to hear today. I won't drink with you. 
Nice. I needed to see this today life's been a bit frustrating. So much good has come of being sober from alcohol though.... ..Here's to keeping on keeping on.
Thank you so much for this; it is inspiring and helpful.  Great beacon of light...
Congrats! I can relate a lot to what you're saying about comparing yourself to others. I've always felt that little voice is less about judging others and more about my sub conscience telling me it's okay to have a drink. Thank you for sharing your story and I will not drink with you today. 
&gt;Regular exercise the right amount of sleep and a healthy diet are important...Giving back is crucial. Helping others in recovery gets me out of myself. For a guy who is as self-centered as I am and spends most of his thinking about his own problems this is paramount. ..This is me to a tee. ..This last week or so I've started feeling stress a bit more than usual. I then realised that I've not been out on my bike quite as much so this week I've made more of a conscious effort to get out each day on it. I'm already feeling better as a result...Great post! Keeping off the sauce for me has been a case of working out what is more healthy for me to do instead.
Thank you for sharing  
Can I at least congratulate you on the soon-to-be father part?  Awesome that you got yourself well and sober in time to not miss your chance at being parents together with your partner. Your commitment to ongoing development and growth is such a great gift for your child and for humanity. Breed on!!
&gt;I experienced enough pain to commit to another way of living. ..I love this remark. Congratulations on your nine years!
Good job !.
Congrats!!!! You're an inspiration. And once you become a dad you'll be sooooo happy to be sober. I got sober once I had my son and he helps me and motivates me. And who can handle a baby hungover? Not me!!! I've got 3 under 3years old and the thought of drinking horrified me for my kid's sake!!!! Congrats on your sobriety and your baby!
holy wow I needed to read this. Thank you so much for this post. Your words have come at such a perfect time. Congrats!
Very valuable content here. I have the same default setting and am realizing it's not at all conducive to growth in healing/recovery living sober. Thank you. Enormous congratulations...well deserved!!!! Peace.
Dude this struck a chord with me. I'm only at 7 months (I know its not a contest and I'm proud of my efforts) but everything you said is exactly what I feel and I'm going to save this to help me craft a speech I'm working on that I plan to deliver at my inpatient treatment center. 
Congratulations 
Thank you for sharing this. I'm coming up on for years in a couple of months. My default mode is to isolate and I find it so hard to build friendships in AA. I still go to meetings and keep in touch with my sponsor but I still isolate on weekends because I haven't really made any real friends. Congrats on 9 years is a long time. 
Some really lucid thought in your post I will do well to follow your example
Thanks for your inspiring post and many congratulations on nine years:-)
Thanks for sharing your success story.  Congrats on 9 years.  I won't drink with you today.
