-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6837fd/the_fuckit_button/

Mine got turned back on sometime in the last 24 hrs it seems. Haven't had this feeling in three months. Before with cravings I worried I might drink even tho I knew it would be wrong for me but right now I feel like I don't even care if it's wrong. ..I've been struggling with loneliness in London since moved here so for three years. Always made friends every other place I've moved--and I've moved a lot--but here I've never really managed to build a real social world. ..Now that I'm not drinking it feels like my world is getting even smaller. Everything revolves around the pub. The people I know aren't alcoholics by British standards but if it's a birthday it's a pub crawl. If it's a work do it's neck all the free wine you can. And everything I look in to joining is the same. Come join our choir we're very social we always go the pub after rehearsal!! Come to this activist group we always have beer at meetings. Join our sports team we get hammered together after win or lose! ..I knew that this could be hard but I thought I would find new friends thru AA. That's been a total bust. Turns out I don't get on with AA dogma and counter to what everyone insists I didn't find many people who weren't big book thumping folks despite going to dozens of meetings. The couple of women I did really like aren't very available as they already have super full social lives. ..I feel like if I don't find a way to make some sober friends or at least hang out with people in circumstances that aren't alcohol focused or that lead inevitably to alcohol I'm gonna wind up drinking. It won't help me make friends but at least I won't have to avoid the few friends I have. ..Oh and message to the media I really do NOT need to see one more article telling me that loneliness takes 10 years off your life and is as bad for you as smoking or obesity I get it not only do I feel terrible but I also get punished for that feeling by dying early. Great. ..So yeah. Fuckit button pulsing urgently at the moment but I'm not planning to drink today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I had to sort of lower the attack dogs in my head in AA meetings.  There are a lot of passionate people who love the big book but they mean well and I learned a lot from them even though I roll my eyes some of the time.  I know you said dozens of meetings but for me I did find chill people I related with eventually though meetings can totally range from depressing crap to totally inspiring magic...Also while an advanced move especially early on there is nothing wrong with joining a sports club and saying no to the after party.  Or going briefly having a diet coke or 2 and dipping out when it gets crazy.  There is a middle ground to be found.  Pound. Mound. Sound. Sorry for that got on a rhyming streak..For me the gym is a great outlet I take group classes where I can be social and friendly in a sober place.  I am not necessarily hanging out with them after but it still makes me feel more connected...Keep trying you are doing well and I think on the right path..You can do this!
The fuckit button hits us all and the reason is simple: willpower is a finite resource that runs out. You can't stop drinking on willpower alone. The key I've learned is to realize that alcohol is simply a poison that makes everything worse. Drinking won't make you friends; getting out there and being with drinkers and being fun will make you friends.  Drinking will make you feel more lonely will depress you will give you anxiety and will cause you shame.  Are you still at 117 days? Cuz holy shit.  That's AMAZING. Please hang in there for all of us. Even in my drinking days I had many friends that would come to the bars and hang out and drink tonics and lime or water or diet coke. They were the life of the party and everyone loved them. OH yeah that's Jose he doesn't drink but he's awesome. You can do this. 
If meetup.com has events in London maybe check out groups that are focused on mental and physical well-being. That has helped me stave off loneliness without getting involved in drinking activities. One group in particular has helped me come to accept existential loneliness as a vital component life not something to fear. They also helped me develop a less intense relationship with AA that works well for me. That's a weekly beginners meditation meetup.  .  .But getting outside for long walks where I actively look for opportunities to be helpful to others is what I do on a regular basis to avoid getting too lonely. It's amazing how much positive social interaction can be had for the relatively low cost of a good deed. Best wishes!
Also moved to London and I'm really really feeling this too the past few days...I feel like I'm nose diving into a slump and I don't want to. I'm looking to try a yoga class or something like that if you need a sober buddy. 
Not sure where you are but I don't think London has a great AA community. My sober friend in Boston told me there are like 25 women's meetings a week in Boston. There are 3 a week in London. I think at just a smaller less developed and differentiated community here. ..I do workout daily and go to lots of spin classes. It does help but I'm reaching the point of recognising that I can't survive on parallel play alone you know? I need actual connection not just proximity. ..Thanks for the reply! 
I aint going no where let the roof cave in. Time to blow up something here goes nothing - watch me hit the [cray button](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rX23_xaWjU) - Music has been my best friend this week I am talking dance party of one &amp; screaming lyrics at the top of my lungs in the car lol....I am have been AA meeting shopping as well. I found an agnostic one that was good some regular ones were okay too. Maybe find a hobby and meet people through it. MeetUp App? I don't know if it has places over there but I am sure there is a similar app for over there. I am stuck on the friendless train personally - so I am hanging on here for now. AA I haven't really made friends but atleast I "know" people. Other than that I was kinda thinking trying free things in the park (yoga) or the library to maybe meet people. I am hoping getting a job with help with my lack of socialness.
Was in London last year still drinking hard. I thought wow this culture is like Portland everything revolves around drinking. (However I was totally bummed to learn that most beers top out at like 4% abv. Totally different than the 6.5-8.5% here.) ..But yeah it's hard to quit in a drinking town. Even the barber shops offer you beer here. Ice Cream shops? Beer. Neighborhood meeting? Beer. Friend drops by? I brought you a six-pack. ..I feel you friend. I hope you can find some cool friends whose lives don't revolve around drinking. 
Why do you have to avoid the friends you have Could you honestly tell them your struggling and need some sober time together like shopping or movies? 
Ah yes. The loneliness. I really have no solution. My social life revolved around a bar. We had a Cheers type situation going on up there but with a lot more fist fights...I went from all social all the time to almost no human contact outside of work and very little inside of work (I telecommute) in 1 day. It has been an adjustment. The problem with loneliness isn't being alone I enjoy time with myself and I imagine at some point in my life (maybe married maybe with kids) I will look back on this time I have to myself and miss it. I think the future me will like that I spent (by choice or not) this time in quiet reflection. The problem with loneliness is how you feel about being lonely. Not being in the company of others is viewed as extremely negative. From a very young age. Having friends is important and the number of people who you can call friends is very closely associated with self worth. You must be part of a group or you're a "loner" or a "loser" or unlikeable - and if no one is around to say these things about you you say it to yourself...But if you toss out all that nonsense... You can be thankful you don't have a 2 year old screaming for 25 hours a day as I'm told they like to do. Yet...I have a feeling that we all get more than enough people time in our lives and I'm ok with it being spread out. When you move to a new place it's hard to make friends. Even harder when you're not drunk at a bar. That's just your circumstance - choices you made it does not reflect at all on your value as a person. If anything it shows that you're strong enough to be alone in order to accomplish your goals where most people are not.
The matter of "fuck its" always brings me back to a wonderful comment by /u/zornslemmon: [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y5zl1/discussing_my_secret_drinking_and_problem_with_my/d6l8kdl/?st=j22f0mke&amp;sh=88ba4fdd).
[removed]
There are sober meet up groups in London. Yoga coffee hangouts and even stuff like getting involved in crossfit or something fitness based tends to involve people who don't spend their lives in the pub. I would caution getting involved in team sports though some of my finest drinking binges started off after a tag rugby tournament. ..I'm Irish but lived in London for many years yes our cultures do tend to revolve around the pub but there is a non drinking world out there to discover. 
Londoner checking in here! ..I work from home so I have few / no opportunities to socialise.  And since I stopped drinking I haven't really been out too much...It turns out I don't have a lot of friends and the ones I had have moved away - London is a pretty transitory town...I'm not sure how to make new friends I'm pretty socially awkward (although I put on a good show) and only really make friends through work.  At this stage I'm happy to keep things simple and quiet...But there are lots of opportunities here that don't revolve around drinking...Can you let me know how you get on?  It might inspire me to conquer my fear and get out there more.
