-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/685f6s/worse_relapse/

Two days ago I decided to drink. I ended up being talked into going to a bar down the street. From there I can't remember and was woken up on the hallway floor of my hotel by my boss. I cannot make it pass day 6 I don't know if it's a mental but I seem to forget all the pain alcohol causes me. I'm still hungover from that night and it's almost been 48 hours. has anyone else experienced worse and worse relapses before being able to quit?
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there! Sorry to hear these troubles. What you describe sounds like [the kindling effect](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative%E2%80%93hypnotic_withdrawal)) . I am not a doctor though. ..I went and talked to my doc honestly. It will help of you have access to go...Consider staying in the moment. Not hours days or weeks. Right now. This moment. When a moment comes up that you can drink pass the moment by. I know it is hard but it has worked for me and others. ..I wish you the health and happiness you deserve. Be well...I won't be drinking with you today.
Sure. I first started trying to quit in 1982. Note that my day count isn't anywhere near that long. ;-)..What finally worked for me was realizing that I could not out-think it. It's bigger and stronger than I am and there's no way I can win. So I don't even get the game out of the box any more. Every day I decide I won't drink *that day.* Then I don't drink that day. I don't worry about next Tuesday or January 14 2027. Just today. 
When is your new day 6? Wednesday? I would make safe plans for the next day 6 switch it up for a bit...Glad you're here today!
My last relapse was 4 years long.  Not sure if that counts as a relapse or full-blown shitty living.  Each time I get back on the wagon it gets worse when I give in to the booze.  No moderation just right back into shitty living.  But just for today I don't have to worry about it.
I've had way way worse. ..Each and every relapse hasn't necessarily been worse than the last - but they have definitely gotten worse with time. Alcoholism is chronic and progressive. It only gets worse. ..What are you willing to do to stop drinking?..What are you going to do differently this time?
Before my current sober days thats what I was doing...sober all week and then getting completely trashed on Friday/Saturday night (like 6pm-4am kind of crap)...it was the worst its ever been.  I would convince myself I could handle it/would moderate/stop early I always had an excuse.  The hangovers were the worst theyve ever been too.  If you can make it 6 days then whats one more day?  Plan ahead to do something else on that day past day 6 thats what has helped me also accepting that while it may be "boring" at first I can get through it and will be thankful waking up the next day (lots of seltzer too)
Yes see Kindling Effect.
