-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68a4yd/ugh_i_relapsed_hard/

I broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years and I've been filling the void she left with alcohol and women from Tinder. I know exactly how to track down party girls who are bad news and short-term fun. Last night a girl texted me to come dancing with her. I stayed out until 3 AM drinking and smoking cigarettes. I had one of those nights where I tried to "catch up" with a bunch of people who were already intoxicated and ended up overdoing it. I'm sitting here at work today feeling like a dumpster garbage fire. And now I've got this nice girl catching feelings for me who I'm going to have to ghost because I can't keep drinking with her. Edit: And I'm supposed to go on a trip tomorrow night with another girl and we've been joking about the unlimited wine that will be there... fuuuuck..I'm struggling so hard. I keep telling myself I'm just having some fun but the truth is I'm afraid of not being able to date and connect with women without booze. But all I really want to do right now is work and exercise and make new friends. ..It's just everywhere. My roommates always want to have a casual glass of wine or my friends come to visit and I want to show them a good time etc. etc. I feel so afraid of not having a social life if I stop drinking....I need help :/
----------immediate responses--------

Well it is tough. It is difficult. To begin with: it isn't fun. Not the fun that we have come to know and expect. You have build new spaces where you can be happy and healthy. Not drinking was the starting point for me. If I couldn't stop I couldn't build myself up. To expect more for ME. Me. ..It sounds like you are in a challenging time. You are going to be the only person that can make this change. You'll need help. As you will read here on SD from many wise long-timers you'll know when you are ready to stop...I wish you well friend.
I went out dancing last weekend with two friends and did not get drunk.  I have to admit that it is not the same.  In the past I would also go out to happy hours and meetups and manage to stay sober. I guarantee you can still have a social life.  In my experience the main difference was I found my self going home a lot earlier. Where as when I drink I am the last one to leave the bar...On a side note can you tell me how you find these women?  I broke up with my ex 6 months ago after a 5 year relationship.  Drink or no drink I can't find women for the life of me. I tried Tinder Clubbing and social meetups.
My badge is little right now but over the last year and a half I've strung together maybe 6 months total sober. At first it was awful and scary and my ability to be social went down the toilet. ..Over time (especially in the longer stints of sobriety like a month+) I noticed my confidence go through the roof! Even being around drinking people I didn't feel awkward or compelled to drink I felt funny and interesting and like a put together individual. ..It takes time but socializing and meeting new people sober does get easier!! 
I am glad you came back.  I think talking to people sober is just a skill and the more you do it the easier it is.  My problem is I talk to much and wine made it WORSE.  Like people saying take a breath.  I won't drink with you today.
Was sober for 5 years. Went back out for 2.5. Sober now for almost 6 months. ..My social life changed a lot. It's still a work in progress. I really don't date much anymore but I'll say this living sober has not impeded me from getting dates. The number of dates is definitely down. However I'll say this living sober the women I've dated have been of amazing quality. Not only have the been pretty they've been kind and genuinely good people.  It will take time but I think you'll find living sober will give you a greater quality to all your relationships.
My wife and I were separated the summer before last and I was such a fuckin' mess of women and booze. It's fun until it's not y'know? 
