-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68ckg8/relapsed_again/

So about 21 days ago I posted here and I had been sober for 7 days. It was my second attempt at quitting drinking and I was really optimistic. I planned on posting semi regularly to help keep myself accountable because I don't really have anyone in my life for support but I failed to do so. Anyway it's been a struggle the whole time and then last week against my better judgement (classic me)  .I went on my first date with a guy since my divorce. It went terribly and I used it as an excuse to get wasted afterwards. Then again the next day. And the next. And everyday up until 2 days ago. I'm so fucking tired of starting over but here I am. Hopefully third time is the charm. Open to all advice tips words of encouragement etc. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

What are you going to do differently this time?..What are you willing to do to help yourself?
[removed]
I couldn't stay sober without the support of other people. A therapist and AA gave me hope and guidance.. 
From your other replies it sounds like you have a good plan in place. But remember a lot of people take multiple attempts before it works and sticks. It's not a bad grade/mark on you or anything you've done. It's a difficult accomplishment. You'll get there. ..I won't drink with you today. 
As others have said most of us take more than one attempt to get it. Don't beat yourself up too badly. This war sometimes takes more than one battle.  ..You mentioned in another reply three things that are disconcerting to me because they remind me of my own experience and that I have observed in others.  ..One: you mention that you spend time with family who are heavy drinkers. I know it's tough to distance yourself from family but you might have to if not physically then in the times and activities you choose. Sometimes the people around us are uncomfortable with their own drinking and when we try to quit they try to bring us back in. I would strongly avoid spending time with them if they are drinking.  ..Which brings us to Two: You mentioned that you don't have anyone in your life for support. A support network is absolutely *critical*. It doesn't sound like you can depend on your family you'll have to think in terms of outsiders for this.  ..And now on to Three: You're isolated you mentioned in a reply to SOmuch2learn that you don't get out much and most of the people you DO interact with are drinkers.  ..This is shall I suggest a set of circumstances that are somewhat less than optimal for recovery.  ..My advice? Get to an AA meeting. You will find the social interaction and support you require. There's quite a few "first AA meeting" posts here search out a few so you know what to expect. It's not a big deal just take a couple hours out of your life and check it out.  ..As far as dating is concerned you might want to consider putting this on the back burner until your recovery stabilizes. I was a mess in early recovery I had little to bring to the table and no resources to spare in maintenance of a relationship. I had to devote everything I had in pursuit of the goal of getting well.  ..
