-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68eut6/stages_of_grief_in_early_recovery_bargaining/

I'm on day 3. Third day without drinking in a very very long time. Just got home from a meeting and while it helped a little (got me out of the house until the local bottle shop shut) I'm really struggling...All day I've been bargaining. I won't drink today because I have somewhere to be in the morning can't fail on day 3 etc etc. but if I can just get through today then I can get drunk tomorrow even just one last time just to say goodbye. Maybe once I've been sober for a few months I'll try a glass of wine at a social dinner or something. I'm never going to be able to go out and have fun again. These are all the things I'm thinking. ..I felt so positive for the first two days and even the week or so before I stopped completely. Now I just feel like I always feel I'm upset and grieving so I want to drink. The killer is that I'm upset and grieving about the concept of never drinking again...I can't help but think "why me?" Or "why am I doing this now?" ..I'm 23 years old and have everything going for me despite my drinking. All that's giving me strength is the promise I mentally made to my ex that i wouldn't drink. If he can get through 28 days in rehab with no drugs no alcohol and no contact with the outside world if he can commit to sobriety forever then why can't I because I wasn't as bad as him. Or was I? Am I? I'm starting to understand what he was silently suffering through trying to stop using before he finally went to rehab. I feel guilty for being cold or frustrated that he didn't just stop or not do it in the first place. I keep telling myself today that all alchos fuck up and relapse in the early stages so it's ok for me to do it too. ..I just know that I'll be ashamed of myself if I snap after just 3 days. I'll be ashamed if I snap full stop because that will reinforce the fact that I can't control my alcohol consumption and shatter the lie I've been telling to myself and everyone else for years. ..3 days in and I miss my best friend. No one else understands me. I don't understand sober me. This is so cliche but it's how I feel. I wish I was normal. ..UPDATE: I fucked up. I got a phone call from my ex's mum and she went on and on and on about he'll never be able to touch a drop of alcohol again. About how she saw him today and he didn't want to know anything about the outside world. she told him I had been calling and he said pfft she won't want to see me. I started crying and called an uber while still on the phone to her telling her I gave up drinking ages ago because substance abuse is so not good. She told me I have a place in her heart and that I was good for him. Then I bought the most expensive bottle of wine I could afford and drank it. I don't even have a concept of time anymore. It's either a day of sobriety that blends into the next or it's a day of drinking and a day of waiting till I can drink again. Why am I doing this. Who even cares. What is the point. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yep.  Thing is the best friend is a lying sneaky sonofabitch who will fill your underwear with poop and leave you lying in puddles of your own making.....It's the wanting to believe these lies that got me in trouble.  I held on until I was 39 - was "moderate functional" but trust me those 16 years beyond 23 (when I shoulda coulda woulda) were not worth it.  The pit I had to dig myself out was deeper filled with sharper shards and more poop.   ..
I gotta go meet our oldest son and the grandkid for breakfast but I got a lot to say to you! Our youngest son is 23 like you. I wish he had the insight you have at ya'lls age. Use your insight girl! Bargaining is part of the process for most of us. Get past it. It's a bargain you can afford to lose. More later if I'm still on fire after breakfast. Hopefully for you I won't be! Take care!
https://youtu.be/EFrpzPR6TLY?t=80 
