-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68fxtf/friendship_and_relationship_fall_outs/

I posted a few days ago about remorse over relapsing. I've been working through the guilt and anxiety...Today I finally touched based with a friend who saw me at my drunkest that night. To say she is pissed off is an understatement. It's blurry (of course it is) but I apparently screamed at her in the street saying aggressive and offensive things when she tried to get me home safe. This isnt the first time she's dealt with my evil drunk alter ego. She's frustrated with letting me avoid the issue and never speak about it the mornings after...I am devastated and am apologizing profusely trying to explain that I understand I have a problem and I fucked up - which I guess she appreciates me acknowledging this at least. And I know she is coming from a good place and is quite in the right to be mad at me. This has just sunk me down so much further than when I woke up the day after the relapse. I feel like monstrous garbage. I wish I could be normal and have a normal relationship with alcohol. I wish I wish I wish. ..Alcohol NEVER gives me a good night. I always hate myself after. I am so sick of apologizing for my drunk alter ego's actions. I am sick of worrying I'm going to lose what friends I have left.
----------immediate responses--------

So start today and never drink again. Trust me you're still gonna have fun when you're out. It's not gonna be easy but it's totally worth it! Good luck on your journey! 
Alcohol is a lying asshole. Take all that anger you're feeling and harness it. Remember how pissed you are right now the next time booze tries to tell you that everything will be fine with *just one drink*. ..**If** we could have a normal relationship with booze we would. The saying "if ifs were fifths we'd all be drunk" seems to fit all too well here. ..Try again! I won't drink with you. 
I have found that the only way to repair/acknowledge wrongdoings is through action. Apologies are insincere if I do the same thing the next weekend and worse I begin to avoid hanging out with people I've embarrassed myself in front of. You aren't alone. I've picked fights with friends said hurtful things even kissed a friend's boyfriend whilst blackout drunk. Don't let the shame/guilt eat away at you.I just try to make amends with myself first and hopefully show others my true self under the nasty demeanor of booze.
