-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68gj2a/333/

Hello. I felt the need to post today. As I'm approaching my one year mark I feel more and more every day super confidant in my decision to have quit drinking. I have a close friend who is always going back and forth about quitting. We have so many of the same issues with alcohol and have always been really honest with each other. We talked about quitting years before I actually did quit but she is still struggling with deciding if she is up for it. I also have another friend who posted an article that I read a year ago. It was such a great and inspiring piece and she was so brace to put it out there that she was thinking of quitting I reached out thru private message and I think we are going to meet up to talk soon. I guess I'm surprised that I keep seeing people other women who are open to at least the idea that alcohol has caused some major problems and they are realizing that quitting is probably the best way to make amends to their lives. I feel so incredibly lucky to have some time under my belt to offer even the smallest bit of advice or at the very least just listen to them without judgement. Because I know how hard it is to put yourself out there like that. I know how unpopular of a concept it is to choose to not drink. And I know that even when you are at your strongest  it can still feel like a nagging bit of self doubt whispering to you " you could still drink if you wanna" I hope everyone gta reads this today no matter where you are in sobriety or even if you are on the fence about quitting just know you're not alone. Being sober can be lonely but I was at my loneliest those days after drinking. Wallowing in all of my self loathing anxiety and fear. Until I said fuck it and started drinking again. What a crazy  twisted cycle I was on. The path I'm on now may not look as fun to others but that's ok. I'm the one that wakes up with myself every day and every day I'm so happy that I didn't drink the night before and that I get to spend another day on earth being my most authentic self. Time is so fucking precious. I hate to sound all hippy but it's the goddamn truth. I want to suck every bit of happiness out of the short time I get to spend here. So today I will not drink with you. Lots of love to all of you I truly wouldn't have gotten this far without you. Xo
----------immediate responses--------

Wow fantastic and inspiring post. Thanks and I won't drink with you today 
Very encouraging post- thank you!.
Freaking awesome!! Congrats   
wonderful...Keep going 
Great post! Happy 333! :)
I like your hippiness! Not drinking with you today and looking forward to your cake day :) 
Beautifully written - and so so true!!!  I had a friend text me and say I mss the fun you - I said I don't - and I am still hilarious.  Nothing fun waking up in a panic having know idea how you got there what you did...grabbing your phone to piece it together then being too scared to go through it bc you would be scared of what you did.  NOT FUN AT ALL! I won't drink with you today! 
