-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68hy66/should_i_quit/

Hey guys I've been struggling recently with my binge drinking and I'm wondering if I should or could give it up all together. ..I rarely drink during the work week but on Friday's I'll start drinking after the kids go to bed until I go to bed. And I'll drink as much as I can in that time. It's not one or two drinks but 10 to 12. ..Then Saturday I'll start after lunch and I'll ramp it up after the kids go to bed...My wife hates how much I drink but I don't want to have just one or two...Absolutely nothing good comes from drinking but I really love it...I dread any social functions without drinking. ..I know I should probably just quit but I don't think I'll be able to...What do you guys think? Is this an issue or am I over reacting...Thanks!..Edit- thanks to everyone who replied. It means something to be able to share what I'm going through. I've decided to try to quit I've had enough. I'm going to be reading this sub everyday for encouragement and strength. I guess I'm officially on day 2. I'm worried about this Saturday because my wife and I are hosting a large family function where everyone will be partying. I hope all goes well. Thanks again your kindness means a lot.
----------immediate responses--------

It's your decission buddy. I can just say that if I could go back to the time I loved drinking then I would tell myself to stop. The thing is that I wouldn't listen. 
[removed]
Per the sub rules we can't diagnose you. However it seems like you are concerned with your drinking. Not every alcoholic drinks every day. Also in my experience problem drinking only gets more severe. Drinkers drink more over time never less. I support you already know what is the right decision. Take care of yourself :)
If I was your wife I would feel lonely and worried. You are **not** overreacting by asking if you should quit. I didn't want to stop either until alcohol backed me into a corner. Drinking negatively affected my health job and family. I hit bottom and wish I had stopped sooner. My children deserved a sober mother. ..I stopped but needed lots of help from professionals and AA. ..The bottom is whenever we decided to stop digging. .. 
I never thought I would be able to quit and decided to try for just a month.  And it turned out it was a lot easier to quit than I ever thought it would be.  After that first weekend with no hangovers I could see that not drinking was much better for me than drinking.  ..Like you I loved drinking on the weekends.  I thought the weekends would be boring and empty without getting drunk but that turned out to be not true.  I don't miss drinking at all.  I would have never realized that if I didn't make that first attempt to quit.
Personally I see absolutely no reason to only drink one or two drinks. What's the point exactly?  If I'm not getting trashed then it's a waste of time. Aaaaand that's why I'm and alcoholic and I never drink anymore...I hope that helps.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease. It will cease to be fun once it starts to slowly take every single thing you hold dear and you won't even know when exactly you crossed that line. Stop now if you can my friend.
"I know I should quit but I don't think I will be able to."..Derr...derr...derr......derrr....eventually you have to ask yourself "Why am I doing this?  What am I getting out of it?"..Not going to lecture on how alcohol takes and takes and gives nothing in return.  Eventually you have to see that shit for yourself.
Yes you should quit. Alcohol is a carcinogenic addictive depressing brain-shrinking dopamine killing fucked up stupid poison that will take years off your life and harm your relationships. Everyone should quit it. :-)
My weekends are richer and fuller without the bottle. No hangover so I feel great in the mornings and have energy for errands yardwork hobbies and interests that drinking snuffed out. At night I'm not glued to my chair with a glass. I take a walk I do extra things with the kids I remember the end of the movie I watch with my wife. I don't miss the life-sapping drinking at all.
My advice. Stop now my fianc  might be leaving me as we speak. Because I drink exactly like you are drinking. She hated/hates it and she is at her wits end with me. Telling you right now NOT WORTH IT.
wanting to quit is the best way to quit. it's your mind telling you that alcohol is bad for you. don't be afraid life will be as fun sober then when you drank. if you thought drinking have you beer balls you had the balls you just have to use them and not have alcohol be true enabler of it. fear is the only thing that will stop you. stop being afraid and do it. 
I can't tell you what will work for you. All I can say is I acted similarly and had major failure just trying to self regulate my drinking.  I ended up having to quit completely
This is so me.  I've been having this exact same debate with myself for years now.  I say I don't have a drinking problem because I only drink on weekends and at times where I know it's OK but I still regret it afterwards.  I'll drink at night only but the next day I do nothing because I'm too groggy.  I love the feeling of being drunk but I like it less and less.  I miss weekends where I actually do things besides drinking...I may not be the best person to give advice since I haven't broken my own cycle but you will never know if you can quit unless you try.  Maybe pick a weekend where you have busy and solid plans and not drink.  See where that takes you...
Yes. Quit! You can do it! Give yourself a better life
[removed]
