-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68lvzn/longtail_graph/

My 6-month mark came and went a few days ago without much fanfare - it was just another day.  I wouldn't have even realised it had it not been for the app on my phone...I was thinking about how the process of getting and staying sober resembles a [long-tail graph] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8a/Long_tail.svg/1280px-Long_tail.svg.png) in a way - the bulk of the struggle and hard work is at the beginning and while the monkey on your back never goes away completely every day is generally easier than the last (in my own experience at least)...The last 6 months have included work Christmas parties Christmas itself my birthday new year's eve Australia Day and  other "special occasions" which in previous years have served as more than adequate excuses to get blind drunk.  ..In some cases I've had to invent excuses to tell people why I'm NOT drinking ("oh I'm taking a new medication" etc). I still have dreams in which I drink "just this once" (so-called dreams of absent-minded transgression are pretty common apparently) and occasionally I still have a vague feeling that I'm missing out or depriving myself of something so I don't think I'll ever be totally out of the woods but I think the hardest part is over: 6 months is heading into the tail part of the graph.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  Great Milestone!..I'm happy to report that the 'monkey on your back' does go completely away!  The more I worked on "my stuff" the faster the healing and the transformation...Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
Great post! I love reading about what I can look forward to and that it does get easier.  
it actually does continue to get easier. six months was a time of huge personal growth for me. this is a major milestone! good for you.
Nice one! I think my 'graph' looks very similar to that. I am so grateful for me in the early days weeks months hanging on in there through the tougher times...That aside on top of that graph my life has natural ups and downs there might be tougher times ahead but it's likely to be fleeting and I'm best facing whatever lies ahead sober!
