-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68sl0b/almost_gave_in/

An hour ago I had my mind made up to drink tonight. Life isn't going great I was rejected for yet another job. Other things aren't great either. I felt like no matter how much I motivate myself my life is out of control and things do not go right. .Obviously my alcoholic brain reacted to the disappointment with making me want to get drunk tonight. The thoughts of "fuck it" "what's the point in staying sober" "just one night of drinking" came flooding to my mind. In a few minutes I even had the plan down - go to the old bar I used to go to I could see myself in there. ..Then I took a step back - How did I get here? - It made me realise how evil addiction is I can't feel depressed or vulnerable for one second without it rearing it's head - promising to make me feel better - which it never does. Why would this time be any different?.Depression too the thought of giving up and self destructive behaviour is also very addictive...I have to fight these two things to live my best life. The only chance I have to fix my life is by staying right here in sobriety. Accept reality however it is and work on things from there...And there is a voice although I have to struggle to hear it over the alcoholism and depression because they're so loud but there is a voice that says - try again learn from failure trying to escape reality will never end up well you're growing. The more I listen to that voice the more powerful it gets. .That is the voice I want on my side that is the voice I want in my head so I am going to listen to it today..."Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill" ..I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!..I found immediate support at meetings.  I got tools resources and fellowship to help me learn to live sober...I've never been happier!
Wow! Great post! I won't be drinking with you today!
Well said! The drinking voice will always try to out do the voice of reason and sobriety. Don't give in! I'm with you! I'm dying for some blueberry beer and the drinking voice tries to rationalize why I should just have one. However both you and I know we didn't get here by having one drink. It's a hard cold reality knowing that you are an alcoholic. I don't let it define me. As someone posted yesterday when I am not drinking I'm not that awful alcoholic I'm just me. 
