-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68sr8g/6_months_since_the_darkest_period_of_my_life_ended/

My father passed away from cirrhosis of the liver back in July of this past year at age 67. He drank excessively in the last couple of years of his life obviously depressed with his situation. It was really awful to see him go downhill and to be unable to do anything to help him I felt like I could have done something more but now it's too late...Immediately after my Dad passed away (my parents were divorced) my mother relapsed heavily and went into a full on binge for a few months. She was in the hospital in 2007 with cirrhosis of the liver and nearly died. She quit drinking then and was good for nearly 10 years. Unfortunately my father passing sent her over the edge and she went down harder than she ever has before. I got called in the middle of the night several times by her saying she had fallen. I remember having to go over and pick her up out of puddles of her own urine as she sobbed and wished she could just die...Thankfully I was able to work with her on weaning off of alcohol (her withdrawals were INSANELY bad she couldn't eat at all and would shake so much..) November 1st she stopped again entirely and has NOT taken a drink since. I joined her...These intense memories and associations have made drinking something repugnant and disturbing to me. I've made the decision for my health and the well being of my kids that I will no longer drink and here we are 6 months later...Thank you r/stopdrinking for being supportive I don't post here much but this community is exceptionally helpful and I cherish the "togetherness" of this group...Thank you all hold your heads up and keep fighting!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your story.  So glad you could stop; my parents are both functional alcoholics and most of my other family members like uncles cousins are full blown alcoholics.  Its damn hard fighting against our genes but we are doing it and you are an inspiration.  
So glad you're here with us and what a blessing for your Mom that you are sober with her...&gt;These intense memories and associations have made drinking something repugnant and disturbing to me...After time in the hospital with liver failure I feel the same way. I hope I never forget the horror so that it keeps me on the right path.
Congratulations on your 6 months.  Good luck to you on your mother's situation.  Personally I've found that I am best able to be of help to others by keeping my own sobriety a priority and if necessary accessing the Al-Anon toolbox.  Best of luck to you and your family.
That sounds incredibly difficult. I'm concerned I'll find myself in the same situation with my father. Keeps me up at night.
Once you stop romanticizing the idea of alcohol it changes.  Once you realize how horrible a life of drinking is...you change...
I'm so glad you and your Mom are doing better! ..My father died of liver cirrhosis from drinking when he was my age 48. My brother is a year younger than me and lives in another state (US). When I saw him in February I was shocked at how much beer he was drinking and how early he started. My mother shared with me that she thinks he gets the shakes when he doesn't drink during the day. They live together. I've been really down about this. I was drinking so much before I stopped I don't feel like I have any moral high ground to reach him from and I just don't get to see him often enough...Your kids may not be old enough to appreciate what you're doing but you're giving them so much. And they will appreciate knowing you.
You are very brave and kind to help your mom! I relapsed after my husband passed in July and my children were there to support me. Your choice not to join the gene pool is smart. I wish you the best on your journey and thanks for sharing it really helps others like me! 
Thank you for sharing that sounds so hard to go through. I remember last January my dad drinking himself senseless at a wedding. He fell on the street and I struggled to support him into the house cause he couldn't even get his legs to work. If I have a daughter I don't want her to see me like that. 
I'm sorry for loss. Good on you turning the dark into light. Congratulations on six months! 
Hey I know you!  There's a "One Day at a Time" sub over on the other board. ;)
Thanks for sharing.  I'm so glad your mom is doing better.  I won't drink with you today.
