-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68wd16/time_to_stop_looking_for_help_and_suggestions/

Just a backgound.....Been drinking since early high school pretty heavily during school then after HS married my first wife and quit everything (except cigs) when expecting my first child.  Stayed that way for 7 years and two more children (had maybe 3 beers in that 7 years).  Got divorced (1st wife was an absolute sociopath but she did keep me sober).  Remarried a year later wife and I drank socially pretty low-key had a child with her.  3 years later she was diagnosed with Leukemia and passed away 11 months after diagnosis.  Pretty dark the first year put the kids and drank myself to sleep every night.  Started dating 4 years later and had myself back to occasional social drinking got married 2 years later.  Wife is awesome and the perfect compliment to me...Fast forward to two years ago youngest daughter is 14.  Starts hanging out with shady people starts smoking pot starts hanging out with people who get her started on pills (Xanex hydros oxy).  After two years of constant therapy day clinics appointments spending nights locked in the local psych ward while she sleeps off bars lock-ups due to self-harm I thought we had her on the track to recovery holding a job decent grades group therapy.  Then someone introduced her to coke.  This was 3 months ago and it's been a constant stream of running away tracking her down picking her up from intake at the children's home.  This time I got  her into a residential treatment facility.  She was absolutely furious with me but she's still there second day...Through all of this my drinking went from social to 2-3 beers a night to 6-9 tall boys a night without fail sometimes more sometimes with wine or whiskey on top.  It's ruining my health i've put on a good 60 pounds in the last 2 years and it's strained a lot of relationships with my family.  I have to stop.  I subbed to this group after her last relapse and made countless promises I haven't kept...I have set a date for Friday to be my last day.  I usually don't start up till late evening so I'm posting clean.  I have an appt with a substance abuse counselor 5/4 to put together a plan.  Got a physical from my doc 2 weeks ago and he's said my liver enzymes are def elevated (and apparently my trigycerides are off the charts)...I have heard a lot of rough stories about the first few days of quitting after daily drinking for years does anyone have some recommendations?  I am going to AA tonight for the first time I have a counselor in place.  My stomach is kinda sketchy on a good day so I'm kinda nervous about the first few days.  I have a Y membership a bike and a decent neighborhood to run through are there any other suggestions for the first few days?  I really need to do this for myself as well as my family but I gotta be straight I'm pretty scared.....Thanks everyone
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your story.We are with you. It's not significant but very useful for my challenge to post my storyto get responses from friends here and to read their ones everyday..I will not drink with you today!
Everyone experiences withdrawal differently. I was tired sweaty and super-anxious. I got in to see my doc. Was honest. Got anti-anxiety meds. That helped immensely. Really focused on making it through the day. Lots of drinking water and sleeping. Found a support group that clicked for me: Rescue Recovery. ..One moment at a time. One day at a time. Focus on you. You can do it friend. Be well.
I drank a TON of carbonated flavored water the first few days but let's be honest I still drink a ton of it. :P..Basically I went into it knowing that I wouldn't be sleeping that I'd be sweating at night I'd be shaky not eating headaches etc.. I actually thought it would be a lot worse than it was. This isn't my first round with sobriety. BUT going in thinking the worst actually made it easier for me. It was bad but it's bearable. I look back now and it's a distant memory. ..Don't worry take it one day at a time and know that it does get better. A lot of us say that and it's almost cliche at this point but it's a truth of sobriety - it gets better :)..Glad you're here with us! Keep reading and posting here. Being active in this community helps a lot...Happy to not drink with you today!
