-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68y1js/how_do_i_stop/

I'm a 24 year old man and I'm an alcoholic. It feels weird for me to say that because I always thought "You're too young to be classified as an alcoholic." But I look at the last couple years and it's not good. Drinking to get drunk getting depressed if I can't drink choosing not to pay bills just to get alcohol. I've lost close friends meaningful relationships and my old life all because I always want to get drunk. I've always blamed my father for being an alcoholic and here I am. He's still struggling and homeless because he can't quit. I don't want that to be my future... I want to quit. I just don't know where to start. All my friends drink heavily and make fun if I try to quit. I'm not asking for answers because I already know that's all up to me. I just need some advice and/or encouragements to help me. They'd all be very appreciated. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! It's hard to admit you have a problem. I'm learning to channel all that drinking energy into other things. And it really is one day at a time. 
I couldn't have been sober one day if I didn't read and reread This Naked Mind. Info is in the sidebar. The author attempts to expose the lies you tell yourself about alcohol. ..It sounds crazy but once I finished the book I hated alcohol. I never wanted it again. You won't feel deprived if you're giving up something you hate. I've relapsed a few times since because of bad mental cravings. I'm certain once the cravings are diminished I will never drink again (and be happy about it!)
Hey man the first and biggest and most difficult step is admitting yourself that you've got a problem so congrats for being here! That's already something big to be proud of. I know that I was in denial for quite many years longer than would have been necessary. Admitting to myself I had a problem with alcohol was so damn hard but after I did honestly I felt a burden had been lifted. I was able to start fixing myself...I'm 26 myself so not that much older than you. I admitted my problem with alcohol last summer started posting here been making good progress with sobriety. Unfortunately have had to reset my badge a couple of times. Got to pick up pieces and stand back up. I'm not giving up...I for one believe in you. You're already here and that's a big thing. Keep on posting here.
I found listening to recovery podcasts super helpful in the early days.  I literally listened to 6 a day for about 2 months.  I like Recovery Elevator but there quite a few. 
