-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/693s0o/fiance_is_starting_to_resent_me_pretty_obviously/

My fiance is an opiate addict struggling harder with recovery than I am. He tells me my sobriety is an inspiration to him and that he wants nothing more than to be sober. He breaks down to me fairly frequently saying he can't do it and doesn't know how. Yet when confronted with probing from me (which he asks for) into when he's meeting with his sponsor or asking to check his bank statements or texts he becomes so defensive and I feel like maybe me being the one holding him accountable is causing him to not love me as much anymore...But he asks me to help to hold his money to keep him active in recovery! ...Even the simplest things he won't do won't text ANYONE instead of using won't talk to his sponsor won't go to meetings...And it's beginning to hurt me so deeply because we've stood by each other through so much and I have so much from the bottom of my heart love for him. When he gets cold with me I suffer...But I have to remind myself that I can't keep him sober I can only keep me sober. I can control my own actions and I will pray for him and me and I will talk with my sponsor and other alcoholics at a meeting tonight...Mostly importantly I won't drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I coped with the addiction of a loved one by going to Alanon or NarAnon meetings. These are support groups for friends and family of alcoholics/addicts. See /r/Alanon.
You are pretty early on your journey as well I hope you aren't letting him take away from how you feel about your own success. I think alanon is a great idea for you to learn how to set your boundaries and stay excited about your own sobriety! Happy to not drink with you today :) 
&gt;I can only keep me sober...No truer words ever spoken!
Eh have you talked to a therapist? 
It's already been said but Alanon will be a room full of people who know how to deal with these situations. 
I understand the struggle. He is wanting to quit really badly. I used to lash out at my husband when he hid the keys so I wouldn't go get alcohol. I asked him to do this and was grateful.... until my brain screamed for a drink. Then I became defensive and angry. However I absolutely hated myself when I treated him wrongly. I didn't want to lash out... my brain was so desperate for release that I lost control for a bit. Its cognitive dissonance and it's horrible to have. I hope this helps some. 
I just had to move out our home due to a relapse. We both went down he has insurance to cover treatment I moved home. He doesn't want to speak to me probably because I moved out. I wasn't ending the relationship we just both had to go get help on our own. It's over and we were together for 4 years. Our first sober relationship ever I am devastated. He is my soulmate. I will always love him but I am going to worry about me. I feel your pain and want you to remember you can't control anything but yourself. It hurts to let go more than you would believe. I feel like dying inside and with my physical symptoms everything is way worse. I hope you guys make it I wish we would have. Hopefully we will both make it sober and apart.
