-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/696z2c/thankful_thursday_perspectives/

Thankful Thursdays is a weekly thread here where you are welcome to share what you are thankful for today. I'll also include some thankful quotes for starters :)..---..>*[My issues become quite doable while looking out at the vastness of the ocean. I am grateful! I am sober today 126 days. I am free!!!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68sqi3/remember_to_stop_and_smell_the_roses)*..  u/BillySami..>*[After almost 3 years of walking busing ubering lyfting calling friends and doing whatever it took to get to work -meetings - anywhere I finally got my drivers license back! This shit is surreal. Like I was super excited to be stuck in traffic almost crying I was so grateful. It was so hard. At 30 days sober it seemed like an eternity and I had no idea how I was going to pull it off.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68vtvx/i_got_my_license_back/)*..  u/doc_sluggo..---..I am thankful for changing perspectives. When you share your stories that helps me to see things from fresh perspectives. I like to be reminded of the struggles I encountered in early sobriety it reminds me of the importance of continuing along this path. I am grateful to the above users for reminding me that good and bad and also the size of my problems can also be down to my perception.  ..---..So sobernauts.What are you thankful for TODAY? Thanks for being a daily inspiration! If you ever feel inspired to host a Thankful Thursday [let us know](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fstopdrinking&subject=Thankful%20Thursday) :)
----------immediate responses--------

I am thankful that while only on day 3 I'm finally moving in the right direction. ..I have destroyed more than I've ever created by drinking. I've lost friends and family to drugs &amp; alcohol some of which have passed on because of it. But I haven't given up hope for a better future and a better life. ..I won't give in. 
I am thankful for almost being 3 weeks sober and that I have more money to spend on things for my apartment rather than wasting it on alcohol! I am also thankful for my girlfriend and my cat Giles :)
Perspective is interesting to me right now because I'm surrounded by different perspectives of my dad's impending death. Everyone has their own feelings ideas coping mechanisms. Mine used to be drinking to deal with anything related to my dad. So my perspective has changed a lot. Very thankful to gain new insight into my father's life now that I am sober. 
Thankful to be on a path that is healthy. I am at my lowest weight in 10 years. Woot!
Wahooo!!!' 365 sober days around the sun! I will not drink today no matter what happens to me good or bad!
I'm thankful for my friend who stayed on the phone with me on the drive home every day for my first 3 weeks to keep me from stopping at a liquor store. And for my wife who has done her best to understand how this whole thing feels and has put up with all of my crap.
I am grateful for this sub and all yall sobernauts. I am thankful for learning how to change my perspective - I have a bit of habit turning mole hills into mountains &amp; I am learning through you guys how to take a step back and look at things. Heaven and Hell can be in the same room it all depends how you look at it ")..I am grateful for Boo she is amazing and helpful caring woman. She has taken care of me and my sisters (and mom) our entire life. She has always been there through the rough times (and there has been some really really rough ones) and through our successes - she has always been in our corner. I only hope one day I can make her proud and somehow show her how important she is to me...I am also grateful for my mom for doing everything she has to help me these last 6 months of hell. I am grateful for the staff/patients at Cumberland hall back in September - they got me back on my feet and gave me an amazing toolbox of wellness tools as well as my head back on straight. I honestly probably wouldn't be alive if it weren't for them (in addition to SD). I am grateful for my sponsor &amp; AA - never fkn thought I would say that but it is true. &amp;&amp;&amp; I am super grateful my liver hasn't given up on me yet :D..[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) &amp; May the Fourth be with you :P
Not today
I am thankful in realizations that I need to change how I relate to the world and myself..I am thankful for the idea that I have to love and take care of myself not bully myself into things..I am thankful for this sub that helped me reach some things I never thought were for me or even hought they were stupid..I am thankful I am not a negative cynical mess anymore..I am thankful for nature it is beauty and calming spirit..I am thankful that I can meditate read books and do yoga because it makes me feel at ease and feel as if everythings going to be alright..I am thankful that I am alive struggling but seeing how everything will be better 
I am thankful that I am using a sick day for its intended purpose instead of for sleeping in after a rough night of drinking. Being sick sucks but it feels good to let my boss know that I won't be in without worrying that he'll be suspicious of my reasons for taking the day off (my coworkers know that I quit drinking to better my health and well-being).
I am thankful to be alive and sober today. ..It's a beautiful spring morning here. The kind I love frost and blue skies. Good coffee and a few minutes to my self before the rest of the family is up...I am thankful for humor. It's been well displayed here. I've had interesting conversations about the role of humor in recovery. I've become a funnier person and I'm no longer focused on self-destructive jokes. I can deprecate but it's with a lot more self-love.
I am thankful for having 10 days sober under my belt and a super supportive husband who's been right there with me as I've struggled to quit over the past 2 years!
I am thankful for things finally coming together. My sobriety hasn't been the lose-all-the-weight get-a-new-job find-all-the-money kind. It's mostly been a boring plod of small steps which is hard and annoying for us instant gratification people. Last week I finally got my job stuff done resume updated linkedin all shiny and nice and Monday I found out my *dream* job opened up. A position I never thought would be available. I might not get it but I'm in a position to try. It's terrifying to change your life and put yourself out there but all the tools and work I've been doing have put me in a place that I can do this scary thing. I'm so thankful for that.   
I'm so thankful for my visibly improving health. No matter what medical professionals say it's hard to shake the 'is it too late' feeling.  But every day I see reassuring signs that it's not too late. I'm bouncing back after 10 years and I'm so grateful.
I am thankful for all of you. Sharing my triumphs and struggles here really makes a difference.
I am thankful for my daughter. Today is day 6. Yesterday I took her to the park and played with her the way I should have been doing these last four years. I remember every second of it and I wasn't in a rush to get home and get more booze. ..I'm thankful I never hurt her while I was drinking and thankful I have so many years left to be her sober mom!! 
I'm grateful that I feel better overall. Granted today is only Day 5 of not getting drunk but I'm already looking forward to the day when I wake up. I'm more productive during the day. I really want to do things with people again. It's a nice change of pace really. I know it's more than a change of pace but I'm frankly happier this way. I feel like I can lose weight write and do things I love again. :)
I am thankful I am at work today after my 5 day binder. And my first day of sobriety again! It could be worse. I could've been fired dead and or jail. Gratefully I am not. Looking forward going to an AA meeting after work. 
I am thankful for the ability to visit my father in CA and spend valuable time with him.  I am thankful for my daily meditation practice that brings me peace and perspective.  I am so very thankful for my health and that I didn't make any permanent health problems for myself with my drinking.  And I am thankful that I can still run as a way of coping with stress that my body is still strong.
3rd day of inpatient detox here. I'm thankful that I just got some sleep for the first time 4 days and that I finally getting a bit of my appetite back. The doctor says he will likely upgrade me to solid food today which would be the first real food I've eaten in almost a week.
I am thankful that I GOT THE JOB!!!!!!!!!! I worked so dang hard for this. and the offer was way above what I expected. I'm still in shock...honestly I could never have achieved this while drinking. I want to write a post about what I learned and why this was important to me. thank you SD for your support!!! 
I'm thankful for my wife. She has been patient and supportive and allowed me to make the decision to quit on my own...I'm thankful for this world that is full of opportunities time to go grab some of them...I'm thankful for a mind and a body that is able to forgive me for and recover from what I have done to it the past 15 years...I'm thankful for this sub.....and La Croix :)
I am thankful for my parents and my AA group...It has been a long hard road and I am starting over again...Congrats to you on your sobriety keep it up. I found that after a year it gets really hard.
I am thankful that I realized I needed to make a change before my drinking cause any irreparable issues. Repairable issues sure there have been a couple... namely the broken toilet in my master bath. -_-
How wonderful.  I am thankful for this group the commitment to sobriety (despite a couple of setbacks) and my daughter. Have a great day SDers!
 I am thankful for my supportive SO who has stuck by my side and improved his life alongside mine. He is really the best and I appreciate him being in my life so much. 
Ill start by saying the I was NEVER a cat person...I'm thankful for the 2 helpless idiots(cats) I'm now the proud parent of. I'm thankful for the patience and positive outlook I've had to adopt in order to have a good relationship with them. If this were 2 years ago i would have snapped at them 100 times already and they would be terrified of me. Instead I have a happy and loving home to come back to every day. Sure I lost 2 of my favorite houseplants in the beginning and they crap more than I do but they're good dudes!! I've gained so much since they arrived. Opened my mind and my heart lol
I'm grateful for 10.5 months of not drinking. I forget how awesome it is to actually relax at night instead of burn through two bottles of wine and scavenge the entire house for any forgotten booze including a questionable practically moldy bottle of lime liqueur.
I'm thankful that my husband and I are going house hunting today &amp; we may be putting an offer in :) 
I am thankful for having a kind and supportive boss and still having a job.
I am thankful for having a kind and supportive boss and still having a job.
I am thankful for my husband who has stood by me throughout my countless relapses. He has never stopped saying "you can do this!" He's seriously my rock and I could not do this without him. I text him/call him when I'm having a hard time and he always listens. He brings me diet soda whenever I ask because he knows that's my last vice. He keeps me accountable by looking for hidden liquor bottles in all my usual hiding places. Even though that last part gets annoying I know he's only doing it because he cares. He asks me about my meetings and doesn't judge me when I feel overly anxious or depressed on certain days. I love him and I'm so thankful he entered my life and stuck by me even after he found out about my drinking problem instead of running for the hills! :P 
I'm thankful that I've finally accepted that alcohol is not for me. I'm thankful that I haven't had any withdrawals which is amazing. I wish you all well. Love and light xx
Thankful for each moment as it comes.
I'm thankful that I've got my shit together to get my kid to the dentist and be less than 10mn late.
I am thankful that when I was on a grouchy and tired end of day 3 today I joked that I would be better off having a drink and my kids and wife said in unison "no we love you like this!" I really was trying to be funny but they made their opinions plain! Very thankful for their support!
I'm thankful for being 11 days sober. Once I put cap on today it will mark the longest I have been without alcohol in 14 years. I think I am noticing that I'm getting better at handling and stabilizing some of the intense emotions I used to drink to suppress and I am thankful for that progress. I'm also thankful for the new Twin Peaks series starting in a couple of weeks! 
the sun                               
I'm thankful I've made it this far and hopeful I can make it farther.
I'm thankful for finding this sub today! And I'm thankful that alcohol no longer fuels my cycle of anxiety. I'm thankful that when I am anxious that it's rational and for a tangible reason that I can deal with in positive ways taking contemplative steps instead of using alcohol to fake-cope.
Thankful that I still have time. There's still more time and the mistakes I've made won't even constitute a majority of my lifetime so long as I pivot now and stay that way. 
The ability to more easily maintain a balanced state of mind is something I will be thankful for once my medication combination is worked out...Drinking was all but killing my chances at leading a balanced life even while taking psychotropic drugs. 
