-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69eaar/i_am_okay_sitting_with_myself_again/

So it's almost 90 days for me and just over the last couple days something really cool has started happening. From time to time I have started having experiences of being completely content with the present moment. What a change for my addict brain which was/is generally a present moment escape artist. Last night I drove home from my outpatient group without the radio on because I felt okay. Totally okay. I drove past a bar and I thought "I would not want a drink right now because I wouldn't want to change a single thing about this moment." I just woke up this morning and laid in bed staring at the ceiling and thinking for a while. No phone in my face right away (until now) no TV no compulsion towards immediate distraction. It's a welcome feeling to have these moments of content and present. Haven't had them in years...I've been told that the first 90 days are generally tough and that most relapses happen before 90 days while your brain and body are still reeling from the effect of abuse. For those of us here who have less than 90 just keep going. However you feel now it gets (even) better if you can make it past those first few months.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. I cannot wait until not drinking is part of my routine for that long. Right now I am using all of the distractions not that I am severely tempted but I'm just starting to feel better after a bender that ended in the wee hours of Monday morning. I woke up and immediately jumped on here not because I wanted to drink but because I want to hold myself accountable in the infancy of my sobriety. I will probably still check in here pretty early after waking up each day but can't wait to just enjoy the moment without having something to do to replace the drinking.
Great post. I am beginning to have those moments and they are amazing! I am so thankful that I didn't mess up my brain so much that I lost ME all the little senses and memories/little personal unique feelings that are associated with senses like a sound or a visual que or a smell.   It is one of the best feelings ever to have them back; and like you I have had moments where I thought I wouldn't change a single thing right now.   
Great post. Thanks!!  ..
As someone who uses drinking to self-medicate emotions this is one of the biggest reasons I'm getting sober. Thanks for shining a light on it. 
Looking forward to that peace. Not drinking with you today!
Just within the last few days i started feeling like that. I was having a rough month and something kinda clicked in the past week. I dont know if it was how i choose to handle that boatload of stress or the fact that my friends are starting to rely on me; but im really starting to get a much more optimistic point of view. I feel more like 'wow i just woke up from a couple year nap'
Couldn't agree more - just keep at it one day at a time!
This was inspiring to read! ..I don't think it even occurred to me until just now that I had lost those moments in my life and how serene they were. Thank you for that.
So beautiful isn't it? I wouldn't trade my sobriety for anything now. 90 days is indeed a huge milestone; it was for me. Congratulations and sober on!
Thank you ! I'm only 21 days ..I'm happySadenergetictiredanxiouschilled ..that can change from hour to hour ..Right now I'm tired and fed up    
Right behind ya OP! Great job. 
That's VERY cool.  Took me a bit longer to get glimpses into what living in (and appreciating) the moment was like. 
Nice story.  Being content with the present is a beautiful place to be.  Glad you are doing well best of luck going forward.
This really reaonates.  Thank you. 
Thank you very much for this. I will not drink with you today.
This brings me a lot of hope and happiness. Thank you!.
I realized one day when I turned on talk radio while getting in the shower that I did not want to be alone with my own thoughts. 
