-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69ip3p/confessions/

Hi everyone... this is my first post here (casual lurking so far) and I need to confess to someone that I think I have a problem with my drinking. I have been surrounded by the drinking culture throughout my life family friends and relationships all seem to involve a lot of alcohol and it has become the norm for me. Every day I come home from work and all I want to do it have a drink I even strategically try to plan my day between going home and going to social events with how I can get a few in before I go out. I don't do crazy things or cause any issues while drinking but the urge is there ALWAYS and even when I try to tell myself "no not tonight" I find myself at the store purchasing anyway. My partner struggles with alcohol abuse and is doing well though there have been a few rocky bumps down the road and I never drink around them to show my support (we don't live together) but in my own self I know I have a problem too and it makes me wonder if I am drawn to them because of my own difficulties. I'm not sure what I want to gain from posting this or what advice I want but I feel like I need to say something to someone (first time admitting this). Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Lots of advice and support here. I also really like recovery podcasts like Recovery Elevator and The Bubble Hour.  
First time I admitted I had a problem was roughly 2 1/2 years ago. And well before I experienced any true outright consequences for my actions. I proceeded to spend time sober then binge one night about once a month. And sometimes with disasterous c nsequences. I wish I had never ever picked up after that first qu stioning thought of whether I might have a problem.
I wish I had stopped when at the stage you describe. It tends to get worse. It sure did for me. If you want to stop know that it is possible. It can take a lot of discipline. One of the common problems is stopping for a while and believing that this proved you don't have a problem after all. This derails many. If you are like me I hope you don't give into that thinking. 
Awesome first step. Admitting it is hard. 
Thank you for the comments everyone I feel like this has been part of my life for the last 4 or 5 years. I think the point where it started to become a problem was when I moved to a new city and I was bored depressed lonely. It's sort of snowballed from there and I'm scared it will get worse. Is it all willpower? Do I just have to be strict with myself? Any tips to move forward and start focusing on getting it out of my life?
