-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69k7a6/i_did_my_first_sober_friday_night_in_7_years/

I decided to quit drinking 2 weeks ago after realizing I was never going to get out of debt lose weight possess any self esteem get a fulfilling job or maintain any meaningful relationships with people I respect without quitting the sauce. On top of this a depression/anxiety was starting to hang ominously over my mornings and it felt like it was devouring my brain from the inside out. I knew it was booze was the cause. I had been drunk every day bar 1 week sober for around 4 years prior to that and before that was binge drinking 3-4 times a week...Back to 2 weeks ago. I decided to quit on Monday but by Thursday found myself in a red flag situation with an old friend and ended up drunk all weekend again. This Tuesday I woke up hungover with scorching anxiety and resolved to start again. It's now Saturday and instead of hanging out with the usual crowd last night and drinking to blackout I went to the cinema alone to a late showing. A lost pleasure...On the way home I passed liquor stores that sell 'under the table' 24 hours a day. The law here states no booze in stores after midnight. It was 1.30am and I knew exactly which of the shops still open would be willing to break the law for a quick buck which ones would put up some feigned resistance before caving and which would definitely refuse my request. I usually drop into a couple on the way home to pick up a) a bottle of wine b) 4 tall beers for bedtime...I walked by them with a passing glance. I got home and climbed into bed exhausted. I can hardly believe it now. It's Saturday which presents another challenge but I feel like if I get through this weekend it will be a huge milestone for me. I have one of the most important weeks at work coming up probably of my life and can't afford to fall off the wagon. Succeeding this week could present some great opportunities for me...Thanks for reading this mess. Remember when you get those deep nagging cravings why you put down the bottle in the first place. Alcoholism is a waste of life and it isn't worth relapsing just to experience that seductive dopamine rush again. You aren't solving your problems with drink only covering them up. Go get your kicks somewhere else. Do something meaningful...We can do it.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow congratulations I'm happy for you! I'm sure you'll be able to get through the weekend! We can do it.
That is excellent; very proud of you.  I was a friday/saturday binger so first weekend was a huge milestone.  I found getting up early on sat. and sunday to do something I love really helped.  By mid day I was not even thinking about drinking; I was loving the day too much and was too happy actually LIVING.  Imagine that!
Congratulations well done. We can do it.
Good for you and keep keep going! That first two weekends were so hard - but by the third it was so much easier - yesterday I literally didn't even think of alcohol - that is unheard of on a Friday - Congrats to you - Do not stop !!!
Awesome job. Real determination. I have been declining invites to happy hour Friday as it is a huge trigger for me and led to many a relapse. I really don't have many other friends and I enjoy the alone time but get a few pangs of loneliness. Here is the thing; I have decided a few months of loneliness while I make new sober friends (starting to) and get strong enough to enjoy my drinking friends without the trigger is well worth it in the long run. I am using my time wisely: healthy meals yoga recovery work and AA. I won't drink with you today! 
Thanks for this post! Good luck with your big week at work..I will not drink with you today!
You can do it!  You will be fine a minute at a time.  I won't drink with you today.
