-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6a6btd/home_alone_thank_you_guys_for_keeping_me_from/

Hey everyone..Been a lurker for a while with my primary account. Decided to contribute and say thank you for helping me not drink today in particular...Alcoholic for at least 5 years though I didn't realize it for some time -- but if I've learned one thing here it's that most of us can't exactly pinpoint when we lost control...At first it was easy to drink daily while functioning and excelling in life and work. I was continually the best worker and my friends' favorite comedian. But slowly I began to notice myself faltering in every aspect of my life: work relationships family friendships finances and even my ability to care for myself; it all crept up so slowly and insidiously...I should have noticed 3 year ago when I woke up to my first [SVT Attack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supraventricular_tachycardia). I should have acted when I experienced a near blackout while driving to work during my second attack...A year and a half later I awoke sharply sweating agitated short of breath unable to stop fidgeting my heart racing too naive to connect the dots: It couldn't be drinking I could always drink sleep pop an Advil drink a Red Bull and continue to excel as a top performer at the office and be the life of all events outside work with family and friends... as long as those events had booze...The doctor not getting all the information diagnosed me with high blood pressure and anxiety. The must be it definitely not the alcohol. What a relief! I can keep my BP down drink myself to sleep on weekdays and drink myself into oblivion on weekends; should I ever wake up in a cold sweat I'll just pop one of these pills for my anxiety. What a balanced lifestyle!..No it wasn't. In the last 6 months I'd waken up twice hungover as hell and reaching for a bottle to straighten my head but I'd over-indulge before 7AM call in sick to work and go rent a motel for the day so the family wouldn't suspect anything...The symptoms got worse. At a staff party around Christmas my muscles were so weak and shaky I couldn't even carry a plate of food and a (you guessed it) glass of wine back to the table. I had to pretend I "forgot" my wine glass at the bar so I could use two hands to get the plate to my table. To say nothing of my inability to bring a fork to my mouth without it vibrating uncontrollably...The shakes dizziness and weakness all continued to get worse to the point where I would be physiologically unable to maintain eye contact with others my eyes would just "dart" to other things without my control. Terrifying...I would sneak away from my desk into parts of the building that were still under construction or hide under boardroom tables attempting to deep-breathe myself out of those moments of hell promising myself that all I had to do was make it home and this would never happen again. Sometimes sneaking away to the parking garage for a "swig" just to regain control of my hands...I was fortunate enough to be involved in the preparations for a speaker to come into our office last week and discuss her escape from heroin addiction. It was merely serendipitous that I had to stay for this woman's presentation. Am I ever glad I did. She was 20 years clean and continues to speak at meetings. I would never have compared myself to a heroin addict but the parallels she drew were identical to my struggle. She outlined how easy it was to quit but how hard it is to stay quit. She told examples of the lies and deceit we both shared. About how no matter how much you change your surroundings to solve your addiction you yourself are still there...Most importantly and you could really see it in her eyes this now highly successful woman explained how much happier she truly is...This was on Friday; I had finished my last drink on Monday May 1st. Everything she was saying was hitting so close to home...It's Tuesday. I called in sick to work today. Not because I was too hungover for once but because I completely forgot to set my alarm :-)..I've been sober for a week a week of hell mind you full of shakes sweats nightmares sleeping pills and a lot of supplements. If you can believe it I even survived a houseparty on Saturday with nothing but Pepsi - I swear!..My symptoms are gone. Everything has improved so drastically in a mere 7 days! I feel normal! This is cause for celebration right?.....The entire family seemed to have an obligation of some kind today it is Tuesday after all. ..Leaving me alone with the liquor cabinet.....45 minutes ago I stood at the bottom of the stairs for what felt like an hour ready to make my way to the kitchen. Just a swig. Maybe a big one. I'll top it off with a little water. This is my day off...No...And I turned to you guys. It took me less than a minute of skimming through the latest posts to fully remember why I stopped last week and what I see for my future...It's a long road I know but now that I've put this all down on 'paper' I feel accountable. This is the first time I'm typing this but here I go:..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so proud of you.  How far you have come.  Reading your post I was glued to the screen and now I feel I can relate so much as I was also a weekended binger which sometimes exteneded into weekdays and interefered with every aspect of my life...Your realizations and your strength is amazing and you are already feeling the benefits after 1 week.  I feel so blessed that I can come to this sanctuary and get strength from friends like you.  I wont' drink with you tonight!
I protected myself by having no alcohol in my home. 
That's an awesome and terrifying story! It's taken panic attacks at work to stop me this time... thinking that this time it's not a a panic attack this time I really am going to die because of my alcohol consumption. I certainly won't be drinking with you today. X
