-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6a7rbh/stupid_stuff_i_said_while_drunknsfwish/

So hubs didn't have to go to work today until noon and we like to hang out and talk while he's getting ready (26 years in and the man still looks hot in a suit. Makes me happy.)  He's stayed with me except for the four months I left him a year ago since I was 19. So we're just talking and then he goes all like:.."So when you got hammered on wine the other night and gave me your credit cards I told you that you'd been spending about $200 a month on booze."..Me: facepalm blush if there had been a desk my head would have been on it. "And I said?"..Him: "You yelled at me that 'well sir YOU spend $10 A DAY on LUNCH!'" (he laughs. I do not.)..Me: "OMG I am so so sorry. Of course I want you to eat that was my drunk brain talking."..Him: "Well and then you said we hadn't been intimate (likely censored) and that's why you were drunk so I pointed out that the last two nights I hit you up you turned me down."..Me: "O.M.G." (fall into a pit of blushing shame)..Him (laughing): "No it was kinda great because the look on your face and then you went straight to bed without another word because girl I Shut. You. Down. Wanna get it on sober next time?"..Me: "Please go to work now."..He then hugged me and told me he's proud that I am working hard on my sobriety he wasn't mad and I shouldn't be ashamed - but he just had to tell me because I was such a drunk dorkface that it was (to him) funny even though he was disappointed in my lapse.  ..I can't think of better relapse prevention. ..
----------immediate responses--------

If I start to write down a list of stupidest stuff I Have said while drunk I think I will either break my fingers typing or break the internet whichever comes first!
Oy. I'm still embarrassed about something I did in March. I feel ya!!
Woot! The truth!!
My bf told me that I proposed to him while I was blackout drunk. I have zero recollection. I feel your shame. 
