-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aeiu6/i_thought_half_a_year_sober_would_feel_better/

I've been sober for almost 6 months which is something I never thought I would say.  I wish I could say I feel great but I don't.  I'm miserable.  I am constantly frustrated and annoyed with those around me.  I almost said fuck it last night and drank. I was driving home from a meeting and found myself parked in front of my old watering hole.  If I would have opened the door to my truck and got out it would have been game over and today would be a much different day.  I am full of fear and there is a tiny voice in my head saying that eventually I am going to fail and I'll be drinking again.  This is the most I have struggled since my first week sober and it has caught me completely off guard.  Today I will somehow not drink but it ain't gonna be fucking easy. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's scary.  I'm glad you didn't drink.  The most important thing is not drinking I can't control every little thought I have about drinking.  
I'm nowhere near 6 months yet but i know exactly how you feel. I feel so annoyed at EVERYTHING lately and i get mad so easily and I'm always anxious. I hate it. I'm not this person. I looked into PAWS and I'm pretty sure that's what I'm dealing with. Look into it I read it can take a long time for the symptoms to completely go away. Proud of you for not drinking and I won't drink with you today! 
Do you think you could set up an appointment with a psychiatrist and perhaps get on mood stabilizers? 
Kudos for 180 days! There is more to recovery than simply not drinking. Working the steps with a sponsor taught me about letting go of control. This means that I cannot control the behavior of others. All I can control is mine. ..In addition to the steps a therapist also provided insight and an understanding of sober living skills. I had a lot to learn! ..The personal growth gained by working the steps and having a therapist made being sober easier and more fun. 
I struggled emotionally for months but I was determined that I would not take that first drink no matter what. Over time it has gotten much better thanks to many meetings sponsor steps staying in the present reading listening and being willing to live through the bad days knowing they would pass. This is not to say all is peachy-keen. I have my irritable days--more than I'd like--but the progress is enough to keep me plowing ahead. Six months is something to be proud of!
Thanks.
Lately I've been getting really annoyed by the centrality of alcohol in my friends' lives. I mean I chose these friends I love them we've been through shit and most of them have no problem not drinking. But it's like stop talking about alcohol!! My god was I also like that? Was I worse? And not just that but I'm frustrated in general I think because I'm discovering what I take seriously and how I don't really like to socialize all that much and a bunch of other stuff that I somehow need to justify to the world. I've been a bit of a hermit as a result. Some days I don't even think about drinking and some days I can't stop thinking about it. Don't know if this makes sense but I kind of know what you mean. 
Have you been focusing on your day count? It's a big deal and very worth celebrating but those milestones can drag up some tough emotions and discontent as well...I had a rough go from about 4 to 9 months sober. I was suicidally depressed and had to learn to deal with my depression. My marriage was on the rocks and seriously close to divorce. I had to rebuild that relationship. These things happened because I stopped drinking but I was able to address them and improve things *because* I stopped drinking. Getting sober does not improve life by itself. It gives us the opportunity to choose to improve life.
if you believe in a god or higher power  you should check out some AA meetings
Congratulations!  From reading all the stories not one person was happy about deciding to drink.  I'm happy you made it through.  I had a badge reset again and I quit 6-7 times and each time I went right back to a bottle of wine again.  I just said fuck it and "decided".  :(  I did quit a really bad cigarette habit cold turkey almost 2 years ago.  I don't miss smoking.  I'm so happy not to smoke.  I'm finishing This Naked Mind.  Stay strong.  you got this.
After I had a few months sober and my life was still a mess I got pretty angry. It took me a long time to really understand that just because I wasn't drinking anymore my problems weren't going to magically solve themselves. (I still have a hard time with this to be honest...I worked so hard to get sober my life should be great now right?!) I do my best to remember that sobriety won't solve my problems but it will give me the tools that I need (time energy control money etc) to work on them. Hang in there.
Sometimes I find myself getting the "fuck its" around sobriety milestones. It's the way I tell myself I'm x age now I should have accomplished this or that- I do the same thing with if I'm x ammount of years sober how can I still feel this way.  It's a nasty way that I beat myself up when I would never put that judgment on others. ..Life is messy and hard. I'm estranged from my family cant finish my degree due to my illness and don't have a good creative outlet currently. I don't judge anyone else that I know in this position but my lord do I give myself a hard time about it. I have to sit (and by sit i mean curl up in bed) with the messy feelings and let them pass. It's corny and I hate saying this but it does pass. 
[removed]
Hmmm this is a tough one. I sought professional help in regards to my mental health. Depression vanished when I stopped drinking but my frustrations with others remained. I think the catch phrase is "ittitable and discontent". With some meds from the doc some talk therapy AA prayer and meditation I have the irritability in check most of the time. I guess what worked for me was expanding my tool set to deal with these issues. For me all options were on the table even if it brought me outside my comfort zone. 
