-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ahrml/starting_my_journey_into_sobriety/

I've been lurking here for a long time - I feel like the time has finally come to reach out for support. I'm 28 and have been binge-drinking almost daily since I was about 14. I'm a highly functioning alcoholic (married have an infant son and a decent job). Drinking is not working for me anymore. It's not fun and I can't get drunk anymore no matter how much I drink. I want to be present as a wife and mom...I have been having terrible anxiety about my health. I'm worried that I've already done irreparable damage to my body. I worry that I have liver damage cancer heart issues etc. from drinking...I'm not sure what to do differently. I need to keep alcohol out of the house at least for now. I just finished reading "This Naked Mind". I've been dabbling in some meetings but I'm not sure if they're for me. My husband knows about my struggles (he's not an addict) but I don't want to tell him that I want to quit now. I'd rather show him with my actions so he takes me seriously. ..I've been smoking pot occasionally as a replacement for alcohol. It's legal in my state. I know people have varying opinions about that but I'm fine with it. Alcohol will kill me if I let it marijuana will not...There is no more alcohol in my house right now so I'm not sure what to do other than go to sleep then try to stay sober tomorrow. I don't believe I am physically dependent right now so I should be OK to go cold turkey...I look forward to being part of this community! 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!..Your head hitting that pillow sober is a huge win!..Let's meet back here tomorrow!
Welcome and congrats on your decision.  I didn't tell people for months unless they brought it up. I think it's fine.  It's nice to be able to ask for support but it was also nice to not be the object of scrutiny.  ..I wish I had quit when I was 28.  That's about when I started drinking more frequently and heavier to cope with the stress of parenting and going to school full time etc...  Anyway best wishes to you.  I will not drink with you today.  
Welcome to SD &amp; glad you're her!  We are the same age  but i don't have kids and just got divorced - had the same worries though about health.  Hope to see you around in here! ..Have a good night 
If it makes you feel slightly less shitty about the damage you might have done to yourself: I should have died multiple times over from the amounts of various things I've put into my body and my liver should have failed years ago. I'm 23 and I have literally no clue how my biggest physical health issue is being underweight. ..I also agree about smoking weed; there's some evidence that it has very real positive effects for a variety of health issues from anorexia to anxiety and even dealing with chemo. It certainly helps me a lot. Alcohol just hurts me...*high five for deciding to feel better about yourself!*..*extra high five if you're Californian because I'm horribly biased*
Hey OliveTree8! I stumbled upon this post by chance.. Although I don't think there's anything as such... I have been sober for a year and a half now. My journey started with reading This Naked Mind too. It's been an interesting journey because once the alcohol is out there's a lot of work that comes up. Not always easy or comfortable but much necessary if you want to make sobriety easier and most importantly a long-term life change. ..Although I have to say I started out thinking it was going to be a temporary thing but when I started seeing the incredible changes that were taking place I never wanted to go back. Fast forward to today my book Soul Superstar - Stories from My Sober Heart is coming out in 11 days I've created an 8-week programme for women who have just quit alcohol and are now ready for the next step (that doesn't include going to AA and doing the 12 steps) and I'm just about to launch my  Sober Constellation online community for women who want to learn grow and celebrate together in an environment that is vibrant and positive. ( www.soberconstellation.com ) ..I feel like this we should talk. Every person's journey into sobriety is different and that's why I want to take that into consideration and offer a one to one approach paired with the connection shared with a community of like minded women celebrating the joys of their sobriety. ..Sobriety doesn't have to be an ugly struggle or a blind journey. Let's talk! 
Oh and I forgot to tell you : Guess who said we'd talk about working together once she's back from maternity leave? Annie Grace herself!! Yes! The same Annie Grace that wrote This Naked Mind!! I'm psyched and I can't wait. If I can change lives the way she changed mine my life would be complete!! 
