-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ald0h/how_do_i_show_my_fiance_that_im_serious_about/

I've been on and off about stopping my drinking and drinking behind her back. For me its a constant struggle in my head about drinking or not drinking. I do love her and for those who may wonder why I haven't learned from my mistakes I have but the urge always wins. .She caught me drinking behind her back again yesterday and she said she's thrown in the towel. I don't blame her at all. No one would want to be with an addict including myself. .I want to be with her the rest of my life but stupid mistakes like yesterday are chipping away. I wonder if its too late to do anything about it. I thought about just ending it all and going to sleep and never waking up but that wouldn't solve anything and I don't want anybody to experience me going out like that. .She's gone to work so I have the next couple of hours to myself. I don't know what to do or start with. I started writing her a letter to tell her exactly how I feel because she wasn't hearing me out this morning. I probably sound pathetic or desperate but really I want to change and keep her. 
----------immediate responses--------

That does not sound pathetic at all. I used to promise my former wife that I would not drink. I knew full well that the corner shop keeper had take a four pack out of the fridge and put in the freezer and was waiting for me to go arround and pay for it...Question is can you control your drinking do you want to stop drinking...It was worse than that cos I did stop drinking at times for her. But of course whenever she did anything I did not like it was "I stopped drinking for you and look how you are treating me"...When I wanted to stop drinking for myself I did in fact stop drinking. I wish you good luck
I'm sorry you're struggling. You don't sound pathetic I know exactly how it feels to want to change... it's daunting and overwhelming! ..In my experience **time** is needed for almost anything to be repaired from booze's damage. My husband was pissed with me when I landed in the hospital. He probably didn't believe me for a second that night I drunkenly blurted out "I'll quit drinking *forever*". But he sees me working on myself and refusing to give up and now we're stronger than ever. ..I think you've already made a huge step in the right direction by posting here. This place has given me so much motivation and support. I thought I'd be fine on my own but it's lonely dealing with this crap without others to talk to. My husband hasn't the faintest idea of how it feels to be controlled by a substance... he can't offer me any insight but SD offers *tons*! ..Maybe pick up a book or two? I started with *This Naked Mind* it's free in the sidebar -----&gt; It was really helpful! ..Good luck to you. I won't drink with you. 
If you're trying to prove to her that you're serious about not drinking maybe joining an AA group would be a good idea. It would show her you are serious and it would also give you help to stop drinking if that is what you want to do. 
The more times that I made the declaration that I was done drinking the more I accepted it as reality. That includes the number of people I told including posting here as well as the number of times I said it...The more you are "on the hook" with a larger audience and your fiance knows it the more real it will be for the both of you. ..Personally I'm fairly prideful and so when I went public it was a huge motivator to stay the course lest I have to admit failure to the people I told. 
I can tell you that if this ever boils down to quitting to try to improve a relationship it would never work for me.  It doesn't even matter who the relationship is with it's just futile.  It's about what makes me feel better not what fixes others' perceptions of me.  That approach feels like labor and I eventually come to resent it...One thing I've learned in 43 years is that I can't change anyone's mind about me immediately although the craving to make that happen is excruciating.  Nope.  My cravings lie to me - cravings for alcohol cravings for forgiveness cravings for peace.  They tell me all sorts of things that are not true.  One of the factors in this equation is time unfortunately.  I could never remove that distrust without being able to endure it with some dignity...That being said - there is *no* dignity in enduring that distrust if there's no light at the end of the tunnel.  And believe me there were times when it was a better idea to back out of the tunnel than to keep pressing on in the dark to an opening that has been decisively closed.
Seconding time. My wife had seen me quit and restart. Now she sees my seriousness and the structure of support that I am using. Stopping is the hardest thing I ever have done but the best. It is scary and awesome. It is ME against this issue. I do it all for me. I know as a healthy person I have better relationships and make better decisions. You can do this!
In my experience words begin to lose their meaning. It didn't really matter what I would say if I wasn't doing what was right. Actions speak louder than words...Some of the things that helped my SO.....* Attended meetings.* Had and met with sponsor.* Got mental health help.* Talked to her when I was struggling.* Was open and honest .* Encouraged her to take care of herself.* Devoted time and attention to her instead of making it all about me..The best thing I could do for my SO was to take care of myself...How are you going to take care of yourself? What are you going to do differently this time around?
Go to AA.
I think the key is "Show don't tell". ..Show her you are serious through changed behavior. Telling her you're serious can seem like an empty promise. ..Sustained sobriety + working a recovery program + undertaking tasks or projects that make her life better/easier = showing you're serious
