-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aq8ml/7_days/

I made it 7 days! .I usually relapse at 6 days!.I am so happy!.Do the Happy Dance with me!..Some things that have worked for me:..This sub!..Bullet journaling..Meditation..This Naked Mind..Walking (just downloaded Couch to 5 K) does anyone else have it? Can you give me some advice on it?..Cleaning (yes it relaxes me)..And I LOVE going to bed early and cuddling up with a book or this sub!....Hope you are having a great day!.
----------immediate responses--------

I did Couch to 5K last summer and I may try it again...though I suspect that I'm more of a fitness *walker* than fitness *runner.* Heh. ..Advice? Well I just went at my own pace and if I needed a few more days of the same week's schedule to feel comfortable at the current pace that's what I did. I also ran with a partner most of the time which helped with the motivation (and made the bitching more fun lol). 
Happy dance!!! Three cheers for going to bed early *and* reading. ..I used C25K and it was a very effective method for me to go from never-ran-a-mile to regular running. There is also a subreddit that may be worth checking out. ..Congrats on 7 days and defeating the day six relapse monster!
Congrats!!!
Congrats on 7 days! I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on your week! A week sober after a long time without that happening is great!..I *love* the C25K program. I'm finishing up it's sequel program right now to train for a 10k (two weeks left!) and I can honestly say that without the C25K app I would never have been a runner. The only advice I can give you is 1) the schedule is well designed so trust it---when you first do it some of the changes from day to day can look kinda wild but you'll typically find that it's far more reasonable once you actually do it and 2) *if you need to repeat a day just repeat the day!* or the whole week or whatever! At anyrate enjoy it. I had tons of fun doing it.
Woot hoo!!  7 days is awesome! I'll not drink with you today..I was thinking of trying c25k too. Glad to hear there's a sub. 
Awesome!! I've 1 more day and I'll join you. This will be my first full weekend. Gonna be tough but I can do it!..Also cleaning helps me. Been doing a lot of cooking cleaning and yard work.
**DANCE PARTTTYYY** In case no one has said it to you yet - I am so proud of you and you rock! From everyday on you can say you have set a new personal record - how fkn cool is that?! ..I went the cleaning route last year when I attempted to get sober - def kept me busy pretty relaxing and cathartic. I did have c25k buuuuutttt I never used it lol. I have samsung health on my phone though and do "challenges with friends" kinda pushes you to walk/move more - only suggestion I can say is break out the jams you enjoyed when you were younger and care free :) they always get my blood flowing...[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I did Couch to 5K for years.  Loved doing it.  Loved having total confidence in my body's ability to move.
way to go!!!! I'm not drinking with you today!
Thank you!
Amazing! Congrats on your success. Very proud of you :)
Awesome! YAY to one week! I've used a lot of the same things you're using - and it's made a big difference in helping me 'mentally' recover. Let's keep this going!
Cleaning definitely helps me too. It keeps my mind off of whatever is making me want to drink and it's something productive that I feel good about when I'm done...Good for you on your progress man!
Good job! Day 6 was always my hardest day too. I will not drink with you today!
Congrats!  Keep up the great work!  Walking is a great way to burn all that extra time I've been using a basic step counter and app set a daily goal of 10k steps and it has really helped motivate me to get out of the house and do anything to get the extra steps in
7 days here too and this sub did help me as well ...  It been years since I went 7 days.   I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on 1 week!  Nice to see that badge change from a smiley face to a 1.  I will be there with you after Saturday.
Congrats!!!!!..And my running advice is this: listen to your body. Just like early sobriety the first few runs/walks will have some great days and some not so great days. Don't get too down if you're not feeling awesome; just realize that you made positive steps in the right direction then live to fight another day. As your body adjusts it'll become second nature to do it. 
Congrats on making it a week! This sub has helped me out a bunch too. Keep it up!
Hey if cleaning helps my home is always open.  ..:-)..Happy week 1 I won't drink with you today!
Congratulations on a week! I'm right with you let's keep this positive train rolling!
Nice! I just hit my first week as well. I look forward to more! Good luck in your journey!
