-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6asa37/200_days_without_alcohol_physical_and_mental/

Hi all :) It's that time again I have reached another milestone...Here is the picture: https://m.imgur.com/a/P3JyT - lmk if the link doesn't work. ..- I have lost 18cm across my stomach and 15 kilos. Went from a size XL to M. I still have 13 kilos to lose but it's fun starting to fit into my old wardrobe again...- My diabetes 2 is gone! Looking at that first picture is sad. It is a very sick body. My organs are floating between fluids and fat on that picture...- I actually got my dream job 4 weeks ago :D I haven't been working for years and wouldn't have been able to now either if it wasn't for quitting. Because well I was busy drinking ruining my life and having anxiety...- It turns out I am actually a social being. I thought I had become a loner that I didn't really like people and wanted to be left alone. The longer I am sober and becoming my old self the more I like people and want to hang out. Now I see friends several days a week. ..- Anxiety is gone but I still struggle with the adrenaline kicks that wakes me up just as I am drifting off to sleep...- Instead of constantly occupying my mind with tv-series and gaming I have fallen back into old habits of reading books meditating and doing "inward" work...- And damn. What I was chasing at the bottom of a bottle - happiness love a career a healthy body and all sorts of fantasies - is actually achievable once I got rid of the poison. ..I never thought I could make it. Starting at 13 and abusing drugs and alcohol for 25 years it feels like I have been reborn. I am just starting to figure out who I am without substances clouding my mind. If you are just starting out - don't give up! Try for a month then 3 then 6 and just keep going. If I can do it - so can you!..Have a great weekend! :).....
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your post --- very encouraging..
Oh my goodness this is so inspiring!  Congrats to you those health changes are a huge deal.  :)
Wow!  Fantastic.  Thank you so much for sharing.  
Looking good! 
What a wonderful transformation!  I'm trying to stop looking for myself in the bottom of a bottle as well... 
Great work! I'm not sure it ever gets "easy" per se but one does get better at managing it. Looks like you're progressing really well! Keep it up!  
Congrats sobriety twin   
Way to go!  
Congrats on this milestone!
Way to go and thanks for sharing! This is great to 'hear'.  :)  What works for me: I read myself to sleep and focus on the storyline of the book only that - and I'm able to fall asleep well. good luck to ya.  
Very inspiring. Congratulations and thanks for posting.
I love so much about this post. It kicks so much ass.
Omg Thank you for posting! I've never had kids and had been asked on more than one occasion if it were a girl or boy or when am I due. At first even after crying my eyes out THAT did not even make me stop! It's so motivating to see someone else's results so clearly! I am starting to feel and see it a little. This is very encouraging! Thank you! 
Great post! I appreciate the inspiration!
Well done!!! You look amazing.
I'm so happy to read this!  I'm 18 days without alcohol and was considering buying beer.  So much of what you just posted is what I'm hoping for myself. I won't drink today. Thank you for this post!
&gt; I am just starting to figure out who I am without substances clouding my mind...My guess: a wonderful person..I will not drink with you tonight!
Thank you for this massive dose of motivation. I also started my addiction around that age (drugs first then booze) and am close to the age where you stopped. I also have the damned belly thing going on. I can't tell you how much Id love to be able to post this 6 months from now. rock on :)
Woooow this soooo weirdly sounds familiar..... it's almost creepy!..I'm in week 1 now started 3 weeks ago but had two instances where I thought 'ah come on it's a party why not' so back to square one again. That was Friday last week!..But our age and your words... so similar! Did you have a tipping point that got you to quit fully? I'm still sliiiightly on the fence...And what kinda workout do you do? Sorry for the interrogation! :D
Good work by you!
You are tremendously strong to have accomplished this.  You don't know me but I am very proud of you.
The incredible shrinking woman. Nice job. 
This is great. You're great. I feel great now after reading this. Thank you! 
this gives me hope. thank you for posting!
Congratulations! 
Thank you for posting your before picture looks a lot like me. 5 days sober and I am not drinking tonight.
Amazing and so inspirational well done.
Wow you look fantastic!  .  .I'm 10 days sober today and your Before pic is what I look like now.  .Started keto 4 days ago so hopefully I'll soon be where you are!
Omg high five! I want that - all of that lol. I am going to bust my ass (&amp; firm it hopefully ha ha). Hermit no more jobless no more healthier happier &amp; more productive hobbies. I'm working on it - &amp; achieved it all to a certain degree but you my dear have shown me that the sky isn't the limit. There are entire galaxies of possibilities out there &amp; they are possible. ..Thanks for the inspiration &amp; congrats again 
Great job sweety. Keep up your good work you're an inspiration to many.
Wow so inspiring thank you!  Proud of you
Looking good. Keep it up!
TIL you are the female version of me! I'm in a very very similar position. Well done you! 200 days is awesome and you look great! 
You rock!!
Inspiring.  Congratulations!
Hot damn! Great progress! Congrats on your 200 days :-D.
Great job OP! Stay the course. 
Wow this has hit too close to home. I've been going through the same problems myself; being overweight and overanxious. I too stopped drinking and am now feeling like my normal self physically and mentally. Glad to see you make it over the hump. I won't be drinking with you today! 
Great post. I hope I have your strength. 
Great work on 200!
Beautiful! Congrats on your progress!!
Thanks for your post and pics - very inspirational!!!
