-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b3jmt/i_need_a_badge_reset_and_help/

Hello friends my name is Andy and I am an alcoholic. I do not drink everyday in fact I can easily go a week or two without alcohol. But when I drink I drink hard.  I was a good man for 2 weeks then decided to have a fun night of drinking last night. I'm hungover now but what really sucks is that my parents told me this morning that they found me dizzy and confused last night. I usually am good at hiding my drinking but they definitely know something is up. I really need to find a way to stop drinking and not relapse. The fact that I was all dizzy and confused and don't even remember it is a wake up call.  Any good advice on staying sober and not listening to the temptation to have a fun night drinking? I hate alcohol and yet I drank almost a fifth of vodka last night :'(
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!..I couldn't successfully stop until I got support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and fellowship to help me stop and then learned to live sober...I've never been happier !
Good morning Andy. Even if it doesn't feel like it it is. Sorry to hear you're in a rough spot but today is the best day yet to grab it by the horns and tell life that you're in charge. ..The first thing I had to do was change up my other habits. Unfortunately I had to stop hanging out with any of my friends for a while because they all drink. We're friends again now but I needed a good month to myself. I started to force myself to do things in my idle time like listen to podcasts or audiobooks do exercises (50 bodyweight squats and 20 push-ups everytime I wanted to head down to the hotel bar/convenience store) drink flavored seltzer water cook something do crossword puzzles on my phone and when all else failed I came here to read for a while. People here have some pretty sturdy reminders which helped me more than a few times. ..The other biggest thing that I had to do was talk about my problem. I'd kept it hidden so well for so long that when I admitted it to people around me they were shocked. BUT. I feel like by admitting my problem to the people who care about me I'm held more accountable for my actions. If I kept my sobriety a secret no one would bat an eye when I relapse not even knowing how I was hurting myself but with people around who know I've put up a fence of sorts to help keep myself from getting out of hand. It's not foolproof but it has helped me. ..I hope this helps some. All my best. 
A fun night drinking doesn't stop when the intoxication passes. It ends with the hangover. The guilt. The fear that I'm out of control. The depression and the anxiety. .
'Last night I think I shit the bed.Got so drunk I gave a *dude* head'..Every time I think of heading to the nearest store and grabbing a bottle I think of those lyrics. That could be *me* if I let the devils water pass my lips. Not that I've done either of those things. But I've done things so impetuous and so far out of character out of character whilst drunk that I almost may as well have...Don't be too hard on yourself brother. You *could* have woken up like 'hey alcohol isn't so bad after all. Why the hell did I even want to quit'. That would have been the worst outcome that could have come from last night...As it stands you realised you made a mistake. You are human and these things happen. At least it reinforced your determination to quit rather than destroy it...Welcome back to the wagon my man  
Btw how do I reset my badge?
I'm new at this but I've certainly found it helpful the last two days at the end of the day (when I would usually start drinking) that I promised some internet strangers that I wouldn't drink with them today.  So I won't drink with you today.
We're all glad you're here! Everyone is at a different point in recovery. Just asking for help is the best beginning. Keep asking and people here will always be there for you...My first advice would be to come to really examine the phase "the temptation to have a fun night drinking." As long as you emotionally say Alcohol = Fun then you will always be tempted. ..You should not be ignoring the temptation but tackling the temptation at its root. Alcohol is not fun. Alcohol is misery. Please check out "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. It helped me finally realize my relationship with alcohol and all of the surrounding emotional dependencies with it...You can do it. Good luck!
