-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b9utw/am_i_compromising_my_sobriety/

Tomorrow I will be starting a new job. My first non nursing job in 40 years. My first job since being more or less forced into early retirement in late 2013 for a total hip replacement that ultimately turned into 5 total hip replacements bilaterally over the last 3 years! But I came out of all that alive with perfectly even leg lengths able to walk unassisted able to swim like a damn fish and since the move to Cincifuckingnati able to take care of our grand daughter any time I want to or am needed. Most importantly even though I relapsed during the moving process I was able to get sober again. Part of what's helping me with Sobriety is this sub and the classes I have been taking 2 times a week since early November. It's an out patient rehab for 3 hours a day each Tues and Thurs. I **LOVE** the group the facilitators and the time there is well spent. It's paying off for me. When I go back to work I can attend different classes evenings or on the weekend. Of course with different attendees and facilitators. I don't want to fuck with being sober again. That was bad. My other issue is this: I have been on SSDI for 2+ years. That money has been a god send and has meant I have no worries at all financially and the Disability will carry me into collecting 2 pensions in the next 4 years that I worked long and hard for. I know I will never be physically able to work as a *real nurse* ever again. It was hard at 21 31 41 51 and at 61 I don't even want to go there! SSDI has said I can "try" working without *any* penalty. They have given me parameters to work within and the new company is cool with that. After 2 weeks of training I can work only 12 or so hours a week and they don't have much more to offer me. In addition to compromising my sobriety I do not want to compromise my financial situation and lose the Disability. If I could work like I used to as a nurse making 6 figures a year and take care of business I would gladly do it. OMG I still miss my paychecks even after all this time. Those days are gone for me. I will never make that much money again. I hate change my friends and moving to Cincinnati from San Diego was enough change to last me for a long fucking time. I guess I am thinking I will give this little job 2 weeks and if I feel too compromised or if it turns out I just cannot handle the physical requirements of an actual job I can quit then or even before if necessary. If you are still reading whats turned into a rant and want to offer your thoughts then please let me have them. I am ambivalent over all this and this is not a feeling I am used to! All input is welcome...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not clear on exactly how your sobriety is being compromised? Is it because you'll need to attend different groups? At 12 hours a week at the new job I think you should be able to stay with the same ones you are in now? I work 20 hrs a week and it's very flexible which has been important to my sobriety too so I do understand the nervousness about how much new work you can support. Best wishes.
I hate change too a lot I think it's the biggest reason I've stayed at my job for so long because the prospect of meeting new people and starting fresh terrifies me. I think it's a good idea to give it a couple weeks though like you said if it's not working out then you can always drop it. And who knows what opportunities this change could hold for you; a chance to bring your awesome self to a different set of people in the outpatient group a chance to bring your years of experience and knowledge into a new and different job. Change can be scary and I'm sure the pre first day jitters suck but look at all you've been through and you're still here kicking ass. You can do it! Give it a try and let us know how it goes :) 
[removed]
Well shit I can't say it any better than u/polarb3rry just did. I like the idea of our wonderful Dartaga spreading her beauty knowledge and sarcasm but not at the expense of her sobriety..Give it a go. If it doesn't feel right or compromising in any way it hasta la vista baby! Change is good for our minds but not if it risks our sobriety. Sanity? Eh not so much..Whatever you decide we're here and we love you you wild thing  
Hey babe! Welp looks like our dear u/Polarb3rry nailed it on this one!! If I were in your shoes I'd try it out - 2 weeks - see how it goes. I can't f'n get over how much you and I are alike! I also miss the six-figures but I DON'T miss the corporate bullshit becoming a robot and hating life. For all the money I made I never saved it - I spent it. On wine. Fucking expensive wine. Bleh!..It may seem like I'm veering off but I'm not - check this out: I got an amazing job offer the other day (Chief Compliance Officer/Healthcare again). It's across the country in an amazing beautiful location more money than I've ever dreamed of - I'd have everything at my disposal. I thought about it then turned it down. For all the bitching I do about taking care of Mom and living this quiet little life I've built on sobriety I did it MOSTLY for my sobriety; there's no way in hell I'd be alive and writing this if I wasn't sober...I understand how you feel about possibly compromising sobriety - but do you think it's not really compromising rather afraid of change? We've settled into these peaceful lives and now enjoy quality time with our family working out staying healthy loving the freedom. Yet it's still possible to add other activity to this and still be as happy! So what do you think about taking this on for the 2 weeks and then re-evaluating? It sounds like a fantastic opportunity you'd still have family time still get to be with Avery RC Big Daddy and you'd have a little something on the side. But you know what? If you come to the conclusion that this is not what you want in 2 weeks so be it. You tried it...Regardless of your decision dear D it's gonna be OK. Look how well you've adjusted from Coronado to CinciFuckingNati!! It wasn't easy but you ROCKED it!!!! What do ya think? xoxo
