-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6baj51/ill_be_joining_you/

Good morning and I just wanted to say hello. I've been struggling with alcohol consumption for the last several years and have decided to stop. I've been checking out this group and it seems like it would be a good way to help keep me motivated and maybe give me some extra incentive...I'm not sure that I have a physically dependent on alcohol I guess I'll be finding out though. I usually go several days at a time without it but when I do drink I just don't stop. I'm tired of the binge drinking and the terrible way that I feel afterwards. ..My last drink was about 4:00 Saturday. Luckily I ran out of rum at that time so I didn't continue into Sunday. Well I just wanted to say hello and I'll be joining you in not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on not drinking.  I will not drink as well.  
I'm happy you're here. Today I'll not drink with you.
Good morning! Your pattern of drinking sounds like mine - days without drinking but the off switch doesn't work so well after that first drink. Today I will not drink with you..
This sounds almost identical to my situation right down to the fact that you were drinking rum on Saturday...My girlfriend was at work from 7:30am until 7:30pm and came home to me passed out yet again on the couch. It was the latest in a series of confrontations about my drinking and I finally thought 'enough is enough'. ..Yesterday was day 1 and my symptoms were mostly physical. Itching aching restlessness... general hangover symptoms. Still suffering a bit today but my anguish is more mental... I just feel completely drained of emotion. I feel irritable and agitated. ..However posting here is making a difference I can feel it. I know I'll start feeling better soon. So let's stay sober together. Good luck I'm rooting for you.
Glad you found the courage to post here and share your story with us! I too struggle with the idea of calling myself an alcoholic and often try to justify my actions when someone points out what I'm doing. But this way of life is so much more than "quitting drugs and alcohol" I believe it'll help me restore relationships I've damaged and allow me to make healthier decisions for myself in the future..I'm rooting for you buddy. We're in this together.
Congratulations. I won't drink with you today. 
welcome!
