-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bfxit/bear_with_me_i_dont_see_the_point/

I'm a F in her 30s struggling with infertility and husband has 3 from previous relationship (yup and they live with us. Mom has been MIA and has her own struggles)...He's been in recovery ever since I've known him. Husband wants me to stop drinking but I have had a "fuck it" mentality since I found out trying to have kids would take an act of medical science (or God) and I just don't see the point. I never drink in front of his kids or interact with them at all drunk but I drink almost every day...I was sober- and I mean completely sober- all the years I tried to get pregnant. Once I found out that none of that shit made a difference I said fuck it. I regained the weight that I lost; I picked up smoking again; I'm the most miserable person in therapy or at work and I'm only "relieved" when I drink. I don't see the point in being a woman without kids I can call my own and I don't see the point in being sober. But I'm here posting because I know it's a problem which makes no fucking sense...So if you are a woman and don't have kids why did you get sober? What is the point? 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here and sorry to hear about your struggles...It's clear that you want "kids you can call your own".  Seems like that's not working out presently...I think of the song by the Rolling Stones [*You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes you get what you need*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7S94ohyErSw)..Life doesn't always give me what I want.  That's actually a useful phenomenon.  It constantly reminds me I'm not in charge of the universe.  That would be a HEAVY responsibility...Not getting everything just the way I want it gives me an opportunity to practice the only thing that IS in my control:  I have 3 options with each life event -  (1) Accept it (embrace it fully); (2) tolerate it (it's just one more time) or (3) remove myself from it...I find the most satisfaction when I confront something I don't like and actually fully *Accept it* finding gratitude for it...If I don't select one of the 3 options available to me then I find that I spiral down into resentments pouting irritation and anger.  Then I find I'm "Justified" in whatever I choose to do next including harmful behaviors to myself and not treating the people in my life with care compassion and love...When you write that you have "3 from a previous relationship" I wonder how those 3 are faring.  You write you want children.  You have 3 that are innocents in the world.  Children who want and need a mother who is present who loves them unconditionally.  ..What do you think they're thinking and feeling?..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
I'm sorry you're going through this. As a female in her 30's as well I can imagine how tough this is. I guess the better question would be how is continuing to drink going to help? ..I struggle with anxiety. One of my big issues is that I want to control everything and everyone. That's a huge reason why I drank so much. But I cannot. There are things completely out of my control. If we can't change the situation we can change the way we think about it. ..I have a friend that desperately wanted kids they tried for years. It's not going to happen for them. But she fills her life with so much surrounds herself with lots of friends and is pretty much everyone's "auntie". No doubt she has and will continue to have a big impact on all the kids who's lives she's a part of. Basically she learned how to change how she felt about a crappy situation. I'm sure she still gets sad at times but hey we all have things that get us down. If it's not infertility it's something else. Find what gives you joy and go after that. GL!
The chick at work was like this they had to do the test tube baby thing. Now she has a kid. Cost her like 40K. She got a loan. It wasn't free like most kids but it can be done dont' give up hope! :)
For my health. My my sanity. I am tired of fucking up. I am tired of carry around things that weigh me down. I want to make ammends for all my fkd up shit I have done in my life. I am tired of not living. I am tired of not remembering. I want more energy. I want to be an MTHRFKN awesome aunt :) I want/need to be there for my family. I am getting no where by drinking. Drinking isn't solving anything. I don't think I can have kids either. I may adopt one day atm honestly I am more about a plant and a dog kinda life with everything going on. I want to change my perspective/outlook on life can't do that with booze. I am pretty health conscious so why should I put all this energy into that and then poison myself? I have anxiety/fear issues so why buy a depressant - doesn't fix anything. I want to feel free. I want to be productive. I want to give back.  I want to be happy I want to be successful I want soooooo much out of life &amp; all booze does it intensify the heaviness of life to the point all I can do is watch fictional lives on TV. No mas...lol Well
It sounds like you already have three kids...
I'm doing my best to take care of the only life that has been entrusted to me: my own. ..Also I think I have a lot to offer my community my family and my friends besides my (nonexistent) biological offspring. 
Hey.I'm a woman who built most of my adult life around the dream of getting married and having many kids. I chose my profession based on what would best facilitate caring for a family (the only reason I chose a profession at all was to have a way to earn decent money until the family started and help out after the kids were older. I never had any real interest in any profession outside the home; it was a fallback position and a response to social and financial pressure)...I anticipated having many children and fostering many more; my primary dream and ambition was to be a homemaker; in spite of the judgement and disdain that dream gets from a majority of people around where i live. I took it very seriously and devoted a massive amount of time and effort preparing for the life I wanted. Literally years of my energies and efforts being focused on only that. ..That life didn't happen. So I spent even more years being self destructive and angry and hopeless hurting myself and the people around me...I stopped drinking about a month ago. I'm in a place in my life where it's unlikely that I'll meet someone to have that family with. I live alone and don't really have the emotional energy or desire to date. In fact I'm still in love with someone who I broke up with years ago. I'll certainly never be a beautiful young bride or a mother of six. I had to let those dreams go...The problem with dreams based on factors outside of your control is that you can't make them come true. Dealing with that is really hard. It's really hard and it hurts. ..I stopped drinking because destroying myself isn't going to make my pain go away. It isn't going to make my dreams come true. It isn't going to help. ..There isn't a "point" in the sense that I'm not doing this for the sake of someone else; I'm not getting sober for my kids or husband. I don't have anyone but myself. But I have to believe that my life can be worthwhile in spite of the fact that my dreams didn't come true. Trying to punish life by hurting myself doesn't work. ..It is worthwhile for me to be healthy physically and mentally. It is worthwhile for me not to make my life any *worse*. Only one of me has ever or will ever exist; I'm an endangered species and it is worthwhile for me to delay my extinction as long as possible. It is worthwhile for me to make the best of the life I do have for my own sake. It is worthwhile for me to find or make some meaning in my life even if it's not what I wanted. ..Being drunk all the time doesn't actually make my life better. It doesn't make me feel better. It doesn't help me accept my truth. It doesn't create joy. It's just a means of destroying the good that is left. The good that is left *is still good* even if it's not the good I sought. ..When a person dies you mourn. And you find a way to go on without them because their death isn't helped by your giving up. When a dream dies the same is true. 
My parents divorced when I was an infant. Between custody changes multiple remarriages and sexual/physical/mental abuse I was never provided with a stable safe and nurturing home until I was almost a teenager. ..I understand that these children may never be "yours" but they are in your home and you are capable of helping them grow into thriving and successful adults. My step-mom is who I consider my mother as she continues to love me like her own (she was never able to have a baby). ..It may not be the path that you envisioned for yourself but step-parents are important. Especially if their mother is not a part of their life. Once I was old enough to realize how much of a bitch my own mother is I gained a whole new level of appreciation for my step-mom. ..I hope the very best for you. I will not drink with you. 
Hi I'm a single woman I don't have kids or a husband. I'm getting sober for myself. Because I don't want to be a fat depressed mess of a drunk who has nothing positive to offer the world. And that's where I was heading... to loserville. lol :).
I got sober for many reasons - I recognised I had a problem I recognised that alcohol was costing me too much across all aspects of my life. So I resolved to try another way. I ring-fenced off alcohol as a coping mechanism. It was tough at first and took me months to adjust I am so grateful I did. I slowly discovered a better way for me to live. I now value my sober life and don't have enough time for my various hobbies and interests.
I'm unmarried no kids 30s. I want kids and marriage and it doesn't look like it's going to happen currently.  This fact is incredibly painful at times. But I'm sober. The world is a beautiful place and I want to be in the best condition I can be to welcome whatever may come into my life. Positive stuff huh? I was the most negative nihilistic person you'd ever met 6 months ago. Change your thoughts and change yourself. 
