-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bkbo4/back_to_counting_days_after_relapse/

I first got sober on 4/20/05 through daily AA attendance for about two years. Then of course I thought I had a handle on things. I sort of did...Got into a great relationship had many professional successes. Loved being sober and was glad to say goodbye to my old party girl lifestyle. Went from bar hopping to movies lectures and dinners out. ..Time passes. Get married. Start trying for a baby. Have a miscarriage. Get very depressed. Start smoking pot in 2013. Can't handle it makes me paranoid and weird. Get pregnant have a baby. Yay!..Then... I turn 40. I have 11 years at this point (not counting the pot which I probably should). Have a glass of champagne at dinner my first drink in 11 years. It's great! I feel so mellow! What was I worried about all this time? I was a kid back then. I can handle this now...That was 7 months ago. I start having a drink once a month. Then once a week then I start buying bottles of wine and having a glass if my husband is out after the baby goes to sleep. I don't tell him and he doesn't notice...Then the cravings happen and I start wanting to drink as soon as I get up. Go on a business trip order wine in the airport get to the hotel immediately order a bottle from room service. Get drunk by myself. Get drunk the next night. Am underperforming at work. WTF am I doing?..Now it's the next day and I realize... I AM a fucking alcoholic. I can't have one glass. I am lying to my husband to my work colleagues. I'm hung over with a terrible headache when I'm giving an important presentation. I can't sleep. ..So here I am again counting days. I don't even have 24 hours yet and tonight is a work reception where I'm sure there will be wine and a dinner at a wine bar. For years none of these situations were an issue. I drank club soda and went home early and nobody cared. Now I realize I will be white-knuckling through it if I'm able to refuse the drinks. Once I made the choice to drink everything came rushing back. ..I AM an alcoholic and I will ALWAYS be an alcoholic. I can't risk my family and my career. Just because other people can drink doesn't mean that I can. And I'm posting this to be accountable: I am NOT GOING TO DRINK TONIGHT. 
----------immediate responses--------

As was told by the folks in the rooms. "Don't let what AA gave you take you away from AA".   I can never allow the gifts of the program; family job and a good life take priority over my recovery.  The moment I do I am doomed and it's only a matter of time before I think I can drink (or smoke pot).  I had to get back to the basics.   Step 1: We are powerless over alcohol; and our lives had become unmanageable.   I will be staying sober with you tonight!   
Thank you for sharing.
I'm not going to drink tonight with you.
I really appreciate your story. Thanks for sharing!
I'm not drinking with you tonight!
Thanks for posting and helping me stay sober today.
Thank you for posting this and being so open. It's so easy to fall back into so important to remember that. Welcome back &lt;3
You're sober now is all that counts now. You have years of wisdom under your belt.  You got this. 
Thanks for sharing...good reminder to all of us.  You have 11 years - you will get that back! I won't drink with you today! 
I will not drink with you tonight! Well done!
Thanks for posting this. You are already helping other alcoholics by doing so. Best wishes on your return to sobriety. 
Thanks for posting this. It really hit home and reminded me that there is no "going back". I will not drink with you tonight.
The idea that somehow someday they will control and enjoy their drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death. 
Alcohol has totally ruined my life. I lost my kids and my husband--I can't get sober long enough to find a job. So insidious...One drink always leads to thirty. Don't fall prey!!
A hard lesson to relearn clearly.  With 11 years sober you know what it takes and can get back to it.  I quit pot four months after quitting drinking because I was also addicted to it and really wanted to experience full sobriety and life without addiction.  I don't think we can ever escape the reality of who we are and our potential for addiction no matter how long we are sober.  That is so difficult to accept sometimes and so frustrating.  But to deny it is to deny who who I am and what my experience has been.  I have great fear that I will falter after achieving many years of sobriety as you have.  If I do I'll dust myself off and get back to it.  But today I will not drink.
