-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6blsv6/all_you_young_quitters_out_there/

I am fairly new here to reddit and this thread but as I scrolled through some of the struggles and stories of others I felt inspired to create a post. Just as a little background on my career... I have been drinking since I was 12 smoked the funny stuff for about 10 years and have done basically every drug imaginable. With that being said i want to know if there are any sober people under the age of 40 and if so how do I meet them? No offense to the old timers ;) I am currently 28 and have been sober since October 22 of last year. I have done the meetings and I feel everyone is so much older and it is difficult to relate. I have tried church which honestly makes me more uncomfortable than meetings. It is hard to hang out with people from work because they just want to go to happy hour and I just feel like I am alone constantly. All my friends growing up are either still partying or in jail and I feel as if I have nowhere to turn to find some good sober people to chill with. I haven't been to a meeting since December and I feel ok but I want to feel great and be happy. Let me know your thoughts!
----------immediate responses--------

I've gone to meetups before-- hiking meditation that kind of thing. It's fun! 
I'm under 40. In my area I have found a mix of ages at AA. Some meetings in the city center or near the university tend to be younger...With churches the bigger ones tend to have more programs and events. Some will have a special weekly bible study for people age 18-30 ("young adults" may also be called "college &amp; career") Maybe ask around and try a few others? 
Hey I am 28 too! and ironically have 28 days today lol. Been on the wagon since jan16 hit a few pot holes bit always jump back on - glued my ass on this time :) I get along well with older people personally. I never have got along as well with my peers - that's just who I am I guess. I have .... like 2 friends my age? I just moved back to my home town and the old friends are either in jail or have babies a or doing things I don't want to associate with anymore. I found the people my age at work (new job second week) seem to be still in party mode and I started that young &amp; didn't end it young enough IMO. I tried AA a few times throughout the years but it wasnt for me... until this round on the wagon. Committed to myself 30 in 30 and seriously shop around for a meeting that I could stand. Well I was content with some found others I hated but made the "content" meetings look hella great - then I found an amazing secular group with ppl relatively my age and I claimed it as my home group. I still go to the content groups too as I need friends hahaha so I am shopping for those too :)..Have you tried MeetUp.com or the app or whatever? I have it but never been to an actual event. Seems like something fun also I just signed up to volunteer at the Animal shelter thinking I may meet some interesting people there and if not I love dogs so it wont be that awful. ..Have you tried a young person's meeting? I am not sure what they consider a "young person" to AA but I am curious...Glad you are here and hope you are having a great day/night...[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)..
Oh and I found that when I go to the "content" meetings usually people tell me about better ones - like there is a very active young peoples meeting by UCF and they told me they meet at 10pm where it was and that they do things like go bowling movies paintball etc... never went but nice that one meeting pointed me to another :)
I am 23! but to be honest i've never been to meetings
A lot of churches have an 18 to 30 group and honestly in my area they were pretty rad people. About half were goodie goodies and the other half just trying to be better people. Swear every one at my AA was 50 easily. Hiking and board game meetups are fun. 
There's an app called Sober Grid that connects you to sobernauts in your area! Joining activities/sports/clubs also helps. Generally finding people who share your interests helps alleviate that loneliness.
Hey there! I'm 26 :) Using SD instead of meetings and also talking to my friends a lot about my sobriety. Nice to find other young quitters out there 
