-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bo6ba/half_a_year_without_even_half_a_beer/

Hi SD..I just made it to the magical 6 month mark and I attribute the success to all of the support from this sub! Whether it be posts of people farther down the road or the person new to the sub the posts have really been a joy to read. Even the occasional relapse post has reminded me that it isn't so great drinking...Over the past 6 months I have changed monumentally. Most of it has been on the inside and working on my own inner world. Facing all the issues that I just never had time for when I was too busy being drunk. Some of the issues seemed big and turned out to be simple to fix while others seemed like small issues and took a great deal of determination to break through on. Through it all i felt like i had this sub in my pocket to go hide away in. ..I hope all of you that happen to stumble upon this know that you aren't alone in this journey. While I cannot do the sober days for you or even face your inner demons nothing is stopping me and the rest of SD from cheering you on as you race towards your goals. There is no limitations on your potential and I hope each and every one of you finds an inner peace. There may be hard times but nothing worth it has ever been obtained without some effort. Just keep pushing and you will get there. Just one more second becomes one more minute becomes one more day. One more day turns into one more week and then into one more month. Finally one more month turns into 6 months and longer. ..I realize now that I was writing that not only in hopes of someone finding help in it but I feel as though I wrote that for my younger and past alcoholic self. ..Thank you SD for all your support over the last six months. I will never feel as good as I will tomorrow when I don't drink today. I won't drink with all of you today and may you keep travelling on your own roads!..~AWC
----------immediate responses--------

Great post --- thank you for sharing.
I bet you lost some killer weight!
Sooo I know this isn't a competition and all but... I'm beating you
&gt;i felt like I had this sub in my pocket..Yep. And what a difference it makes. ..Congrats on 6 months! :D
Thanks for the inspiration.
Congrats on 6 months! I will not drink with you today 
HAHA and I'm nine days behind you - congrats on six months. Love your shiny 6 star!!!
Congratulations! Great job! Now go and finish an entire year sober I bet you can do it and you'll feel great about it too!
Congrats on 180 days that's incredible! Don't let me catch up! ;-)
Beautiful post thank you! Congrats on 6 months!
Congrats!
Solid.
That's awesome my bruva. Here's to MANY MORE months of clarity inner strength and physical/mental wellbeing  
 Nice work. Here's to another 6
Greatly done!
[removed]
Gratz!  Now onto the 1 year anniversary. 
Beautiful story and well written.  Thank you for sharing.  I like especially what you said about writing to your old self I think that is hugely important.  We were a totally different person at one time and writing out things like this helps us put that past soul to bed and let us break through and live in our beautiful present selves. 
Nicely done!
Woah six months - thats an awesome milestone cant wait to get there. 6 Star... cool! 
I will never feel as good as I will tomorrow when I don't drink today..-good one..
Congratulations! I'm right there with you.
Congratulations! I won't drink with you today
Congratulations on 6 months!!
