-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6brohj/mental_relapse/

I often read on here about people relapsing mentally well before they ever take the first drink - I can feel that happening to me now. At least this time I recognize it! ..I booked a vacation for June and in my head when I'm picturing it I see myself drinking. I've even been telling myself that I'm probably going to drink so may as well prepare for the failure. That's led to me considering just drinking this weekend because ... well ... I'm *inevitably* going to on vacation so why not have a glass of wine this weekend with friends. I've had a stressful time recently anyway how else and I supposed to relax and have fun?!..Noticing this behavior I am doing everything I can to refocus. I think about how much respect I have for someone when I hear they don't drink or how utterly jealous I am of them that it *appears* so easy for them (even though I'm well aware they probably struggled). I think about how my most people don't give two shits about me drinking and might be as impressed with me as I am with the aforementioned sober people. I think about the worst shit I've done when I was drinking and how probably all those nights I told myself the same "I-can-just-have-a-few" lies. I've never started a night thinking "I'm-going-to-get-royally-fucked-up-and-do-something-horrifying" I'm just lucky when shit doesn't hit the fan. I think about all the money and calories I'll save all the hangovers I won't suffer and all the energy I'll have. ..Most of all I need to be reading this sub which I haven't been recently. This badge and your comments and posts make it SO clear this is the right choice and it's worth being uncomfortable for! ..Thanks guys. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Good work on recognizing it! ..A few months ago I was planning to get drunk with my husband when we go away for our anniversary in October. You read that right... like 8 months **before** the event I was already patting myself of the back for getting to the anniversary and "deserving" a night of fun. ..Then I remembered how sad my husband looked when I was sick from drinking. Drinking on our anniversary would be like a slap in his face. I'm glad I figured out that destructive behavior before I let it get the best of me... just like you are now! 
Personally I agree. I think a relapse begins long before the drink occurs and that the drink is actually the end of the relapse. Relapse happens when you change your thinking and behaviors that lead to the drink. ..I think it's good that you recognize what is going on. ..Nothing helps me like seeing someone who is newly sober... like 24 hours or less sober. Seeing their pain and suffering quickly reminds me of what I don't want to go back to. 
I refuse to let my brain fly into the future at this point. It's dangerous for me to think about my vacation (booked last year for July) or the 2017 holidays or my birthday or.....The truth is any day - even a holiday - is just another day to be happy and sober. When the occasion seems to be giving alcohol value? It's a myth that advertising wants me to believe. The vacation drink. The holiday drink. The birthday drink. They forgot to add the 3+ other drinks (each one making the fabulous and fancy drinker more sloppy) the lame/regrettable conversation the hangover the regret the shame. ..I am not drinking today. 
