-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bsrpv/self_loathing_as_a_step_to_relapse/

I've been going strong with sobriety for over a year now but lately my self loathing has reached new levels. ..I *hate* myself for things done said thought while drinking and try as I might it seems like every day I have something new to feel like shit about. I've gone to counseling and AA this week but evenings make me nervous as I've begun having drinking dreams. I feel as though my self loathing is just a step toward relapse but I'm having a hell of a time controlling flashbacks regarding things I've done while drinking. ..Does anyone have tips or advice? My thoughts have been super dark this week. 
----------immediate responses--------

I guess from what I've learned recently during my streak of sobriety I can try to give you some tips .1: keep your thoughts in the present. Try not to dwell on the past or future just live in the day hour minute second! .2: dark thoughts/depression could be explained by you still going through withdrawal symptoms. PAWS can last up to 2 years..3: try to stay active to keep your mind off of things. As hard as that may be it'll ultimately help you in the long run..Congrats on being sober for over a year that's awesome. Good luck I won't drink with you today 
You aren't that person anymore. You used to drink but now you don't. So don't replay the embarrassing stuff you did. People may have forgotten it by now. Keep up the good work!!!
You have to let go of the past. You can't change it so dont dwell on it. Ya we've all done things we regret a lot of regrets. But eventually the memories fade and we make better sober ones. Unfortunately  it's just a time deal. The longer you stay away from the alcohol the less bad you'll feel about it. Trust me we have all done shitty things embarrassing things. Hell  I ruined a marriage self medicating my bipolar with beer. It happens. All you can do is dust yourself off and focus on the new day and don't look back. Nothing good comes from dwelling on the past. Look forward to tomorrow that's all you can do. Good luck
What if you focused on the work that got you here? The VERY hard work. You have a lot to be proud of. There is no controlling the past or the future. Just now. This moment. You can be as kind to yourself as you want. No one can stop you. Be good to yourself. You deserve happiness and health. Love and respect. Be well friend.
When things get tough for me I usually add or switch something up...I take psych meds see a psychologist and participate in a support group. When those three things aren't cutting it for me I sometimes volunteer during my free time. It feels really good and it helps me be social. Other times I make a new friend or work on existing friendships. Sometimes it can be as simple as spending free time at the coffee shop just so that I'm not alone...I know what my triggers are - anxiety depression and isolation. Everything I do is designed to help me take care of those problems so that I don't end up resorting to drinking. 
[removed]
Been there.  Still there a bit.  I took things slow and steady and built up my hobbies of soccer and music.  The more I built those hobbies the better I felt.
You aren't the only one that's ever felt that way about themselves but you're the only one that feels that way about you. 
I had something similar &amp; went through some re-parenting exercises with my counselor that helped me learn how to be more self-compassionate. It's this exercise where you thank the self-critical voice for looking out for you but reassure it that someone more adult is now in charge.  I thought it sounded stupid and insane when I first heard it it but it helped me break the cycle of treating myself as if everything I did was wrong (a cycle I was stuck in as it related to drinking and everything else - i.e. if I was exercising I wasn't running fast enough if I told a story it was a stupid story etc....).   
I can relate. Yesterday I caved and drank a bunch because I wanted to feel shitty and hate myself.
