-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bxxm4/im_a_joke_compared_to_other_alcoholics/

I relapsed some time ago. I've been drinking one or two coors lights every few days. I almost thought for a second that maybe my tolerance level had gone down. .But i have tested my old moderation habits once or twice (IPAs during the best times of moderation) and nope i know my tolerance level would still be the same as if i drank a bottle of whiskey a night. ...There's only a physical and mental addiction no pleasure from it. ...It doesn't sound so bad ive been barely going over the legal limit. Im still sober. But. It really fucking is that bad. .Every little beer is an offset to the mood swings and manic episodes i had so well under control every coors light sends me into a depressive state(a much evolved one now...it just feels like...a burden) or a hypomania once a mania. ..Now the other drug i was using to control drinking(kratom)...lets be honest im addicted as fuck to it 10 seconds from being crossdependent on both and having twice the amount of an unstable mood. ..And with drinking i know it just keeps escalating. Its a few beers this week a few stronger beers next a few drinks of liquor next and before you know it ill be back at psychotic manic episodes. ..It took me to the absolute point of "im going to literally die if i continue" before i was able to stop last time. .It's the same as me not being able to get out of bed in sleep paralysis the strength isn't there. ..I am not strong enough to escape this pattern. I am too compulsive.
----------immediate responses--------

I too felt trapped in my addiction. Can you tell me what you've tried? AA groups counseling etc??
Comparing my own drug use to other peoples was never a good path for me. The fact was that it was always easy to find people with worse addiction problems than mine. ..A common saying heard in recovery circles is "identify don't compare".  When I began to pay attention to the stories of other people who had stopped using alcohol and otber drugs and improved their lives I realized that I had a lot in common with those people indeed I did have "real problems". Stopping drinking was the best decision I ever made. I hope you will join me in not drinking today! Take good care of yourself.
I had sleep paralysis too. It was never fun but hasnt happened since drying out. Best of luck! 
