-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6byrto/i_cant_stop_crying/

This is my first attempt at recovery (10 year daily habit preceding) and I've had no relapses.  I've been active here and in chat I've been emotionally up and down but quite stable  - even bubbly considering!  I've taken the aches and pains in stride and things were slowly better each day.  ..But for the last two days I can't stop crying?  I am not a big crier and I have no idea what I'm crying about.  Work home on errands - I feel like I am always on the brink of tears.  And the moment I'm alone I just cry.  Last night I cried for hours for no reason.  Something hurts and I don't know what it is at all...I don't know if that even makes sense.  I have to get past this.  Does anyone have anything to help me out here? I feel like I hit a brick wall and I am scared to be in this dark place much longer. ..I've seen too many doctors and done too many "sober firsts" that I can't bring myself to just go see my doctor again.  I'm exhausted.
----------immediate responses--------

the first month was such a crazy emotional roller coaster for me too...i try to take care of myself extra hard when i am having hard days...good food. some exercise. meditation. treats. sleep. hang in there!
I'm sorry you are having a hard time. When I quit the first time I told my therapist I felt like I was on an emotional roller coaster. She told me every single recovering alcoholic on her sofa had told her the exact same time. I hope it helps to know you are not alone and it does go away- at least it did for me. 
Be well friend. You may be experiencing the emotions that you were masking with alcohol. You will keep changing through this process. It is difficult but so rewarding! Good luck. I won't be drinking with you today!
I saw my therapist today because life is overwhelming me too and I've been crying a lot. She said it's pretty normal that your body/brain need to do SOMETHING to fill the spot that alcohol was taking up. It really sucks though huh? I mean here you are doing this good thing and sticking to it and your brain is all "Yah fuck that noise let's see what we can do to her now!" 
Have you looked into [Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome](http://alcoholrehab.com/addiction-recovery/post-acute-withdrawal-symptoms/) (PAWS)? I was an emotional wreck for a few months. I couldn't figure out why... it was a deeper more intense sadness then I'd felt while drinking. I hated it and I was really worried that I was going to feel like that for the rest of my life. ..I'm happy to say that although it did take awhile I did come out of the funk and I'm doing better than ever now. By the time I made it to four months dry the clouds started to break. Since then I've been feeling better and better each day. Life is amazing! ..I hope you feel better soon. I know it sucks so bad. It's been well worth the fight in my experience. 
Me too --- men are not expected to cry --- so my wife is "what is wrong" .... nothing is wrong I just stopped drinking  ..But everyone tells me it will get better&gt;..Also I had to tell her most of my night horrors are about my father assaulting me in the night...So for now she is cutting me some slack..
Girrrrrl I'm right there with you. Two weeks in and I've been ALL over the map emotions-wise. I feel like a crazy person. I agree with meatinnovation: part of it could be your body's way of adjusting to difficult emotions and pain that you had previously dealt with by drinking. I wish I had some helpful advice but seeing as though I'm also in a similar situation I'm just going to offer you a virtual hug and tell you that you're not alone in this. 
Yes. I just went through this a couple weeks ago. I just rode it out. Every day of the week I cried. But after it stopped I felt... rejuvenated. For me it felt good to just get it out. Don't ler yourself feel too down about it maybe try and look at it as healthy. It means you're healing. :) ..Keep it up! I won't drink with you today :).
I had a very close friend a man who was older and very much a stoic. When he quit drinking he cried uncontrollably for several months sometimes nonstop for hours. Afterward I asked him what he thought was behind the crying. He said that he thought he had been drinking to run away from his feelings for 30 years and when he stopped they were all still waiting there for him to feel them. 
