-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ca93j/i_feel_as_if_i_am_crossing_the_border_on_the/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Well I think in a way you answered your own question. When people ask me "how did you do it?" the answers seem almost banal and maybe a letdown for people who are looking for a magic pill. Newsflash: there is no pill right? Working on building my own self esteem and taking the time to care for myself was important; and as for others I don't attach myself to outcomes for them or where I feel they should be in their own lives/even how they should be in my life. I hold a space for friends who I know have problems but are still drinking. I'm here for them if they seek me out 100%; otherwise I just focus on my own path. It sounds selfish but truly it's not; we cannot wish or pray happiness to descend on other people. The more we better ourselves there is a ripple effect I believe -- we can treat others with compassion that we owed ourselves for so long. Well this is kinda rambly too but I hope it helps. Congratulations on 4+ months!
Don't underestimate how much you help by showing the "other way". Some of us come from a drinking culture where alcohol is prevalent in every event and that drinkers adopt the mentality of "what happens in Shitfaceville stays in Shitfaceville" to protect all of our individual rights to be drunk..You're helping your friends in a long game my friend. When I lived in Shitfaceville sobriety=horror but deep inside I knew the truth and seeing sober people thrive eventually began to make sense. 
Someone yesterday said the phrase "I asked you a question and then forgot to listen". It resonated with me. It sounds like your friends are in the asking mode and not the listening mode. Like TRULY listening. They're already coming up with excuses before you've even stopped talking. I've done that a million times myself. I wasn't ready to hear the answer to my question. It sounds like they're at the point of admitting to their pain but that's it. Well it's a step. It took me years of being at that step before I was willing to take action. When I have friends who don't really want to hear the answer to their questions I stop engaging. Sometimes I think it's enabling them by answering because then they satisfy themselves that they can't really change because of the whole list of excuses they get to parade once more in front of you. So I just tell them I've already gone over this with them and then change the subject. I don't say it in a judgmental tone just keep things neutral and move on. So they don't get to play out the old pattern I don't go crazy trying to get through to them and then maybe one day they'll approach me in all seriousness with a desire to change. Or not. But it changes things up. You're doing the right thing caring for yourself and not trying to fix everyone else. And it truly is about action not talking. Sorry for the ramble. Keep going you're on the right path!
I feel this way towards some of my high school friends. One in particular I see sprinting headlong into alcoholism. I know I probably couldn't do anything for him though. It's like when your parents tell you what you should do: it's never what you want to hear at the time and you refuse to listen. Then five years later you realize they were right and that you wasted five years. Tragic stubbornness 
Wow. So I was just doing a driveby check in on SD and wasn't planning to comment on anything and then I read this...This so perfectly encapsulates the complex feelings that comes with loving fellow drunks and when you change but they aren't changing too...I had a lot of anger at those folks especially at the very beginning for a few reasons that have become clearer over time: ..* They reminded me of me at my worst. They reminded me of the parts of me I hated. They reminded me of the parts of me I was trying to change and wanted to distance myself from--and anger is a means of creating that distance. A sort of shallow black and white thinking--I am this and I'm Bad you're this and you're Bad and now that I'm changing from this you're Bad and I'm becoming Good. That's not really how it works at all but it had so much to do with my anger/disgust/lack of compassion. I still struggle with it but it has become a lot better in just a few months. It also required distance from them to get there...* Anger and resentment about feeling like I had to do this alone. I didn't *want* to do this alone. I don't *want* to move forward without the people I love. I don't *want* to be afraid and feel like I can't count on the people I love to be there for me (and addict just *can't* be--I couldn't really either at the time). I wanted to forge forward together because that seemed like it would make it less scary and the fact that no one was willing to do it with me made me feel mad and even more afraid and for a long time (years) I let it undermine my efforts. I half-assed my self-improvement in so many ways because I was clinging so tightly to the kinds of people I befriended and knew. I didn't know what relationships with *anyone* would look like on the other side of this--and it might be better but it also might be worse. What I knew seemed better than the unknown and I was angry I was having to go forward into the unknown alone...* Why do I have to do all this fucking work when all of these fucking people seem fine without doing it? Fuck that...* I didn't want to lose the people I loved. Even when I was so upset with them during conflict or when they bailed or whatever I wanted to keep them with me. I wanted them to be happy (and this lil codependent baby here has a bad habit of investing a lot into other people's happiness and not her own) and I wanted to push them in the direction that I thought would help with that--especially as things were getting better for me however slowly (and however non-linearly since this process is not merely an upward trajectory). ..It's so easy to see what other people are doing wrong rather than looking at ourselves. It's so easy. It's like we can all see it but until *they* see it it doesn't matter. Everyone has to come to their own conclusion. Their "come to jesus" moment if you will (although for many of us "jesus" is a million other things since jesus was just some dude). It's really hard to let other people do that especially when you can see them so clearly and especially when you love them and especially when you need a distraction...I have this recurring thought that was especially prominent during every single fucking crises I've had (ones created by me ones bestowed upon me): ..**No one is coming to save you.** ..It used to make me really sad. Like yeah I'm alone. This is it. What the fuck. ..But now it comes up and it feels good. Yeah *no one is coming to save me* so I guess I better get my ass up and save myself. And I really hope that the people I've loved--the people I *love*--who are in the depths of their own darkness can learn to become their own light too. I really hope we all get exactly what we need even if it isn't what we wanted or knew we needed. I hope we all get to move forward into a lighter place even if it isn't together. Whether they do or not though I had to let go. I already have one messy bitch to save and lemme tell you she is *a lot* of work. I have to have faith that hopefully they'll get to do the same for themselves--before their time runs out. That's all I can do. ..Thank you so much for your poignant thoughts. Your love and affection for these people is so clear and hopefully you'll get a chance to connect with them on the same level in the future. Keep doing what you're doing. You're doing great. And *thank you* for the inspiration--I hadn't fully processed the above until writing it out and you've really reminded me to stay in touch with that compassion. I appreciate it. 
