-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cd2i0/day_5_i_just_feel_sad_and_that_is_okay/

It has not been an easy two days. I found myself feeling anxious and uncomfortable being around large groups of people. It has something I always struggled with but without an obvious distraction it felt a lot more visible. I felt disheartened and like after all this time what I am really understanding is a struggle to connect with people and to be comfortable with myself...It's hard in these moments after a decision like this to know if it is just a symptom or cause surrounding my drinking. What is clear is I feel vulnerable and down and it isn't a time to tackle that question. Most of all I just want to feel better and that needs to be my focus. ..I can't express enough what this group means to me and to find people that understand this struggle. Thank you once again and today I will not drink with you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for three days /u/starsight87! What you are feeling is normal. I needed lots of help to stay sober. It took time for my brain and body to heal after I abused alcohol for so long. A therapist and AA gave me hope guidance and support. Getting sober is one thing; staying sober another. Having a support system made it easier and more fun.
I know this so well. The social/drinking spiral is real. I think one of the biggest reasons I started drinking so heavily is i started to rely on it for social anxiety issues. After awhile I developed major issues relating to people and became more withdrawn...Unfortunately the drinking only increased with that. Be proud of putting it down and let that be your strength to relearn how to be among the living. Little by little it will get better...I will not drink with you today either :)
Hang tough. It usually takes 30 days for your emotions to level out. Correction: it took me 30 days. Your mileage may vary!
Good job. Just do what you can. I will not drink with you today!
