-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cgxu6/pissed_off_afraid_depressed_just_need_to_vent_and/

So I'm back here again.  Sorry I know this will all sound mean and bitchy but I feel like I need to just say it somewhere and I could really use some encouragement.  Also yes I'm sober at the moment...I can't even make it one fucking day.  Usually not even through the morning.  I wake up every day feeling like I literally want to die from the anxiety and withdrawals and say that I can just make this the day where I can struggle through it and hopefully I'll feel better soon.  But the horrible "doom" feeling doesn't go away and I know the only thing that will bring any relief is a drink so I inevitably have that one just to feel better which of course turns into 10 or 12 by the end of the day and the cycle starts over the next day.  Typical alcoholic story I guess...I'm sorry for saying this I know it's horrible but it pisses me off when I see people saying how great their life is now after so and so many days sober.  I think that's great and I want to be there someday soon I just wish I didn't have to go through so much emotional pain for so long to get there.  I understand it's mostly just withdrawal symptoms I'm no stranger to those I just hate it.  I've been through one outpatient program already and went right back to the same place after I finished.  I couldn't even stay sober through the program.  ..I know that an inpatient program is what I need though I really really don't want to have to do that.  I can't even go to detox right now because my insurance won't kick in for about a month.  AA is there of course but it just isn't enough for me right now...I know this isn't the usual uplifting post and I'm sorry if some of it came across as mean I just felt I should post what I'm truly feeling at the moment.  I'm very proud of all of you who are on your journey and I hope I can be like you guys soon.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Sending warm thoughts your way.  I can empathize with everything you're feeling.  Be well friend.
Thanks for posting what you really think. Gotta be honest. Fake happiness is fake! I certainly found that it took a lot longer than I wanted lots of attempts before I really found it possible to stay sober. Just going one day at a time.
Today is not good day that doesn't mean tmw can't be? I think the more you berate and hate yourself the worse you feel and that will lead to more drinking. Be fair on yourself. At the very least you are are here and being honest about what is happening. You at least have the insight to know it needs to change. There is hope! 
There's always good days and bad days. On the bad days I feel like I have a giant wound and the Band-Aid has been ripped off - I feel lost vulnerable and sad. I have to tell myself over and over again that this is just one day and that tomorrow will be better. And if not tomorrow the next day or the one after that. You're not alone in how you feel. 
Don't be sorry. Everyone has a different starting point. It's best to be truthful about your feelings and the difficulty you're facing. I just want to say that I believe in you and that I know without a doubt that there is something better for you on the other side of this. I hope you find a means to get through this first hurdle whether it's inpatient or otherwise and know that this place is always here for you.
You can do this friend. Be kind to yourself. This is difficult stuff. You will do it! It is both the most difficult and wonderful thing that I have done for myself. I only care about this moment. Days don't matter. Right now matters. I have changed my viewpoint entirely on this matter. This new perspective has affected me on many levels...I am in your corner. Be well.
How do you know AA isn't enough of you aren't even going?..You could have a drink in the morning to stop shakes  and still go to AA no one cares...I was glad to be able to medically detox after 1000 "day ones" on my own. Sounds like this sucks for you right now. 
