-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cj3lx/almost_two_years_and_struggling/

I've been sober since July 9 2015. Right now I'm dealing with the most difficult things I've had to endure in sobriety. Between my parents getting divorced after 42 years of marriage trying to get my driving privileges reinstated and my long-time girlfriend and I breaking up the thought of drinking has been looming heavily over me. ..I've never dealt with a breakup sober and this is one of the most painful things I've ever tried to deal with. My lack of a drivers license - a direct result of my drinking - put a lot of strain on our relationship. She always had to come pick me up take me wherever we were going and bring me home whenever we did anything together. It caused a lot of resentment and stress for her and played a big part in our breakup. Now that I'm working on getting my license reinstated it just got to be too much. She hit her breaking point. ..As if I wasn't already upset about the situation with my parents now I'm alone lonely and heartbroken on top of it. I know I have to keep moving forward but goddammit getting drunk is seeming awfully tempting. I just want a break. Just to shut my mind off for a little while so I won't have to feel this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Doc_Hooligan... hang in there mate.  It all sounds really tough and I'm very sorry it's like that. I've had sober breakups and while I definitely wanted to turn my brain off for a bit eventually it was pretty obvious that I'd coped a lot better sober...You're not alone...remember you can drop in and see us in the chat any time.  Hang in there my friend...Talie
Kudos for almost two years!    ..I'm sorry you are struggling and admire your honesty in this post. ..There is nothing so bad that drinking won't make it worse. When I felt alone lonely and heartbroken I relied on my support system--my therapist and AA. Sitting in a meeting with people who understood was always comforting. It gave me hope to see others who survived tough times. Sometimes I went to meetings because I had nowhere else to go and it was a safe place. ..Thinking it forward and remembering what happens when I drink keeps me from taking the first one. I hope you can do the same. Take care!..
I'm sorry you're going through all of that but drinking always made my problems so much worse (and added more problems on top of them). But you probably know that. My sobriety date is close to yours--June 26 2015--and life at times can be dicey stressful and lonely...even in a marriage with grown children and a grandson. Being sober changes everything; I'm not the same person I was almost two years ago. At times I look back and see a morose drunken stranger and am thankful I'm not her anymore. Then there are times when escape and oblivion beckons and I have to drag myself to a meeting force myself to "fake it" until the gloom fades. Your situation will sort itself out and there may be days when it doesn't seem worth it. But it is worth it as countless people on this sub can attest to...
I know you know drinking isn't going to help. It may sound good at the moment but later the regret will be added to whats already happening. I have dealt with a lot of things in my sobriety and it's not fun but I'm glad I didn't pick up that first drink even if I thought about it. Have you tried the chat here on SD? it's a great place to hang out and talk with people. We talk about all sorts of things besides sobriety but if anyone needs to talk about it everyone helps. You may give it a try when you are feeling like this. Just a suggestion.  2 years is awesome and it takes work. I know you can get through this. 
I celebrated my two year anniversary with my AA home group tonight.   Meetings have been a big part of my sobriety.  It really helps me sharing what I'm going through with them.  I also get to hear what they're going through and what they have been through.  One gou whom I really respect has been through losing his wife to cancer after 25 years was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and has incurable cancer.  He is still sober and has gotten me involved with going out on speaking commitments.    I no longer have any excuse to drink thank to the men I've met in the fellowship.   
