-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cnbpc/30_days_my_struggle/

Hey everyone! I told myself that when I made it to 30 days I would make a long and self-indulgent post about why I quit my experience with quitting and my sobriety. So here goes...I decided to take a break from drinking in the wake of my second cousin's wedding. A number of things about that night added up to make me uneasy with my drinking:..-The fact that I was still mildly hung over from the night before when I got to the wedding.-The fact that I felt so uncomfortable until the open bar started. Then it felt like I'd reached the promised land and I could finally "relax".-The fact that I didn't make any honest attempts to connect with family members until alcohol was in my system .-The fact that I talked about alcohol for probably 65% of the night. I was a big homebrewer and also into craft beer and I came to the startling realization that alcohol was probably more than 50% of my identity. I didn't like that idea because I know there's more to me than that. If this tells you anything my mom suggested the next day that "maybe we could theme your wedding around different breweries." I cringed.-The fact that I could've easily embarrassed myself in front of my extended family. As I lay in bed after the wedding the room spinning hellishly I played back through the ham handed conversations I'd had. No I hadn't puked or done anything inappropriate but I had foolishly engaged in conversation with my sober very Christian very judgmental aunts when semi-blasted. Not the best call..So the next day I decided I was going to take a break. I didn't make a solemn vow or anything I just had very little desire to drink after the wedding. Plus my college graduation was coming up the next weekend and I knew I would be brutally hungover for it if I didn't quit drinking. So I found this subreddit and bought my first case of seltzer water. I was fortunate in that I was busy: packing up getting ready to move out finishing my internship and so on so it was fairly easy to keep my mind off drinking. Plus I didn't really have any friends anymore so none of them were going to tempt me to drink...During that first week sober I started to reflect back on my drinking without the rose colored beer goggles I normally wore. Here's that I found in no particular order:..-I once was so hungover that I puked out the window of my then girlfriend's car all down the side of her car. She broke up with me a week later (wonder why?).-That same girlfriend had had to care for me once when I was mega blackout mode and apparently I said some weird things (that I thought I was evil? What?).-I was once too hungover to go to the family Mother's Day gathering .-I realized how much my drinking had hampered my performance during my internship.-I looked back with concern on the several times I vomited in bed while passed out. Lucky I didn't choke.-I thought about the time I fell and smacked my face on the ground while inebriated. I had a big scrape on my check and a concussion which I was unable to treat because of poor healthcare in the region .-Several sexual opportunities were missed or dampened shall we say by my drunkenness.-I once got locked out of my dorm at around 4 am in December coming back from parties. I was lucky that my car was within walking distance and that I had a sleeping bag in it. Not sure how that would've played out otherwise! .-One time when I was drunk and angsty I pounded on this shop window and the owner came out and grabbed me around the chest! He was yelling at me and yelling at the other shop keeper to call the cops. Fortunately I was way more athletic than him and was able to spin out and run away down an alleyway but it was sketchy nonetheless.-I drunkenly embarrassed myself at a wine tasting by flirting very openly with a girl who was clearly quite drunk and insecure. As we left the tasting her intimidating brother asked me my name and told me to make sure nothing happened to her. She drove us to her friend's house (yikes she shouldn't have been driving) where she fell apart and I peaced outta there. I knew a lot of people at the tasting and hoped they didn't judge me too much.-I once went to a party during exam week got way too drunk embarrassingly tried to get multiple girls to come home with me and then barely made it to my exam the next morning. It was at 12:45 in the afternoon and I made it there exactly at 12:45 (I did end up getting an A on it even though I went to the bathroom to puke twice).-Once while walking back from a party I guess I couldn't quite make it so I found a patch of grass 100 yards or so from my house and laid there for like an hour. I'm lucky nothing bad happened .-Perhaps worst of all I had several periods of intense and persistent suicidal ideation which I guarantee I could've avoided had my moods not been messed up from drinking heavily everyday ..I'd previously been able to rationalize these things: ..-"Well I'm at a drinking-heavy college and that's just the culture here. My friends do it too." .-"Well it can't be that bad because I still have a 3.9 and have never gotten in trouble with the authorities.".-"Well I'm developing my taste for good beer and sometimes I go overboard.".-"Well I made this beer it turned out really well it only cost me 25 cents to make and I have a hundred more bottles in the basement." .-"This is just part of who I am. I'm a sensitive and timid guy who gets cooler and more confident when he drinks. No one understands me and alcohol makes me feel better. Blah..."..Lots of gross thinking there. In that I first week of sobriety I saw how shitty alcohol had really been for me. I saw I had been very lucky to make it through the past four years without having to go to the hospital getting an STI dying losing my scholarships or letting my grades slip. I knew I'd be moving back in with my parents soon and that I had a clear choice: I could continue drinking or change my habits. I chose to change my habits. ..I'm lucky in how easy it was for me to quit. I was suddenly whisked away from the people and environments where I'd done most of my drinking. I was back at home with my parents who are very supportive of me while not making a huge deal about my decision to quit drinking. ..In my first two weeks home I felt so good and fresh without drinking. I cleaned my room more thoroughly than it had ever been cleaned. I was very productive applying for jobs. I started lifting weights. Since then I've slowed down a little bit but I've still been lifting and applying for jobs. I had one interview (didn't get the job) and have another one next week. ..I've only had a strong pull to drink a few times since coming home all when I was feeling lonely. I'm looking at a few different organizations around here I can join while I'm looking for jobs so I can meet people and have some structure in my life...Things that have helped me stay sober:..-This subreddit is number one I've been on here every day since I quit.-Seltzer water.-The change of scenery.-Exercise.-Micro managing my nutrition .-Having a good supportive friend ..Before I wrap this lengthy post up I want to recount a major victory I had yesterday. Basically I had signed up to serve beer at a music festival in exchange for free admission before I quit drinking. Yesterday I got the reminder email that that's what I would be doing and emailed the person in charge explaining the situation and asking if they could move me to another role. They were awesome and supportive and now I'll be helping sell art instead :)..Looking forward I have no interest in drinking. I don't think it's something I can moderate and I hate the detrimental effect it has on my moods and my body. I think that sober me will be a much better employee and a much better partner once the stars align and I've got both of those things locked down. ..Thanks for being here and being so positive. I find I come here everyday not just because it helps me stay away from booze but because it just makes my day that much better to see people who are fighting to improve their lives. You're all inspiring to me. And if you read all the way down here you're doubly inspiring LOL. I got a bit carried away. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrates on 30 days!
Awesome job and thank you for posting this. Doesn't it feel great to see your badge number increase each day? 
Congrats on 30 - keep coming back!!!
I have also succumbed to the " This is who I am so stop trying to fight it" mentality.  We can change. I believe that. 
Thirty days is a great achievement. I find it gets easier as the automatic habit of reaching for a drink is disrupted more and more. Keep going and congrats!
Congrats on that beautiful star fox! Keep it going! :)
