-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cur0m/update_forced_leave_from_work/

* I met with my boss yesterday morning.  I received two very short emails from her on Sunday evening.  I could tell she was trying not to say too much but it was clear what was going to happen.  I would not be finishing out the year.  What was unclear was well...everything else.  From what I gathered I certainly didn't need to pack a lunch for the day and that I should probably remove the school keys from my key chain...* The meeting went as well as it could have I suppose.  There were a few things that I found out about my coworker that were upsetting.  How she went about telling our boss and what it was she told me were wildly different.  But at this point that is neither here nor there.  My boss asked the head of the board that I not receive a pay cut for the few days that remain in the year...* When I asked her what she was going to tell the students/faculty/families about my sudden disappearance she looked to me for an answer--saying she didn't want to lie and say that I was sick or something of that nature.  ..* I took a moment to collect my thoughts and told her that in my opinion what had transpired was a direct result of my struggle with my mental health.  I see a psychiatrist.  I am trying to get a grip on everything.  I am nowhere near a paragon of quality mental health.  So when I explained to her that yes I do have health issues and that it would not be a lie to explain that I was on leave due to health issues (that she simply did not have to explain what *kind* of health issues because that is private)...* As soon as the meeting was over I drove to the grocery store for a bunch of healthy food (which I did not eat) and a case of beer.  My mind danced around from mood to mood (e.g. self-pity anger relief resentment disbelief numbness grief shame you name it).  I let myself wallow.  But today is a new day.  I woke up feeling as though I was late for work but I quickly realized that there was no work.  That realization was met with both relief that I wasn't late for anything then immediate anxiety about why that was...* I have spent this morning drinking coffee and looking at all of the various AA meeting in my area.  I have chosen a noon one for today.  I haven't been to a meeting in so long.  I am nervous (which is most likely why this post is so very long).  If you got this far I truly appreciate you reading this..    .    **TL;DR** *got sacked; drank all day yesterday; trying AA again this afternoon*..-K..
----------immediate responses--------

You fell down and you are picking yourself up again. This is the first step. You may need a little bit of help standing up straight for a while and that is okay. That is what meetings and other people are for. Good luck at today's meeting. We are here for you. 
Stay strong keep coming back. I will not drink with you today!
Each of us decides how low our bottom point is -- the point at which we change direction and start climbing back up. Mine had to do with worries that my next binge drinking escapade would kill me. So my last binge was my last. That was nearly a year ago. This sub and AA have helped me with strategies and support. ..When I feel like drinking I follow the advice of my sponsor: .1. Don't pick up a drink.2. Go to a meeting .3. Talk to another alcoholic.4. Say a prayer..
We alcoholics want to be right at all cost. That stopped me from going to AA for one year in sobriety because of their God things. Then I went and was still uncomfortable with God. Then I had a sponsor and I learned to let go and just follow the road that is already built by them for me. There are millions of recovering alcoholics in AA it means it works...Good luck with your meeting and with AA you don't need to ever be alone in this again...
What does TL and DR mean?
really pleased you are going to be with others in recovery in real life.  that connection in meetings is paramount if i'm to remain sober. 
[Welcome back](http://imgur.com/1ux09km) after I set my life a blaze and had to pick myself up I had to take it really really [slow](http://imgur.com/qJHaRWX) until I got a little more stable - now my life is more of [this](http://imgur.com/fSLxU1T). It really is back and forth everyday... some days is just trying to get through the ten minutes at a time &amp; other times I am crossing off my to do list like there is no tomorrow. I will not be drinking with you today and wish you the best!
We're all there with you wanting the best for you out of this situation.  Attend meetings as needed and as you can.  If you need to post here and post often.  ..I'll not drink with you today.  
I'm not drinking with you today. Just chilling smoking weed.
I was let go once for "job performance" but my boss and I both knew why I was really fired. Even when I was sober I was so hung over every day I could barely work. Sadly that wasn't enough of a bottom for me. As humiliated as I was I still had several more years of drinking to do. ..Here's praying that today is as bad as it ever has to get for you. AA was a great place to learn about myself and how to live sober. I hope you can find what I did there. Good luck and cheers. 
I'm sure you've heard it before but just in case: you never have to feel this bad again. How was the meeting?
Hang in there! I read a book recently - 'Chasing the Scream' which suggests that the opposite of addiction is sobriety. I know in the past I have drank when I was in jobs that I hated doing or something wasn't right. It might be worth asking yourself why you drink honestly and not just try to stay sober and miserable.
Thanks for sharing. I used to come into work hungover often and messed up an important promotion/interview because I was so hungover...Good to hear that you're moving forward. It'll feel really good when you start your new job sober. I won't drink with you today.
Similar situation here. Left a mess in it's wake but turned into a pivotal turning point for me learning how to do lots of things from simple to complex (wtf with all these feelings?!). Take the time to heal. Take the time to take care of yourself. And be kind to yourself. Ya got this Kid! I'll not drink with you today.
Fresh start. Stick with it!
You can do it. I'm sober with you today. Hang in there. 
Good luck.  You need to change your username though: that was a reasoned reflective and inspiring post. 
