-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cym25/withdrawal_scares_me/

How do you get past the racing heart shakes other symptoms? I keep relapsing because my withdrawal shakes my resolve and I use it as an excuse. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Just do your best to keep your mind occupied on something else. Drink a lot of water. I know it seems like forever but you just need to make it about  5 days to get past the shakes and then each day gets better from there. 
Medical help from your doctor.  It can be dangerous to detox without medical consultation/help if you are experiencing such symptoms.
Do you have insurance? You can go to rehab and just do the medical detox part and then leave.
I come here whenever I feel that way.  Read the success stories.  Read the relapse stories.  They inspire me and it kills time until I feel better.  I come here 3-4 times a day.
See a doctor!
I think that any withdrawal symptom is less scary than seeing all the damage alcohol has done to your nervous system. When I quit drinking almost a year ago looking at all the damage (phisical and psychological) that alcohol has done to me was more than enough to scare me away for good. . For me it's a no brainer. Maybe other people braver than me it's more difficult. . Looking at all the damage the depression all the things I know I forgot all the black spots in my memory the sonogram of my liver the opportunities that I've trown away the fear all the fear... I mean.... How can you possibly decide to go back to that?.  You are litterally shaking. Your brain is having a hard time controlling your own muscles. How can you go back to drink when you can litterally see the effects of the damage you've done to your body?. I mean... damaging the brain? Losing neurons and shrinkage of the hippocampus? Why not just get a lobotomy at this point (I know that those are two different things). I had this scary moment of revelation when I realized that I was shutting my brain down. Death is a 1000 times better then living with half a brain in my opinion. So I quitted and I didn't gave a fuck about all the pain and suffering and symptoms of withdrawal because I WANTED TO SOP DAMAGING MY BRAIN and the fear of doing any more damage was enough to keep me sober. . If I think now of when I used to dring a bottle of gin in one evening I get a sense of aversion that I cannot describe.... I imagine that killing someone could give you the same sense of guilt a guilt so profound that you can't wash away knowing that you've done something that cannot be undone. .. Anyway... that's how I got past withdrawal symptoms. Best of luck. . 
Yeah withdrawal is no fun but if you do it slowly with the help of a doc it's a lot easier. You'd want to slowly taper off and your doc will probably prescribe you something to help with anxiety. 
