-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6czi0o/badge_reset_this_last_relapse_was_the_first_time/

Several weeks ago on a clear Friday I had some business to handle. I think I had been up to 16 days sober at that point. After handling a menial task the idea came upon me to drive to a bar I used to hang out at all day. First mistake...I drank that day. What ensued was a binge like one I've not had before. Literally drinking at 6am when the liquor store opened. I completely isolated myself from everyone including my girlfriend and just drank and slept. I barely ate anything. In full flight from reality. I refused to answer calls. ..The end result was me throwing up blood and having real thoughts about ending it. I went to the hospital not for the vomit (I thought it was coffee) but for severe anxiety. Once a nurse saw the color of my vomit they pumped a lot of blood out of my stomach by putting a tube down my nose into my stomach one of the most painful things I've ever experienced in my life. The doctors discussed placing me in the ICU. ..I spent the night in the hospital and was discharged the next day with a damaged esophagus. Two days later I continued to drink. ..That went on for about a week. Then I checked myself in to a detox center. I left after two days and went right back to the bar that kicked all this off. ..After another week of drinking I threw my hands up on Sunday. I couldn't take the hell I was living in anymore. I called my sponsor (who I had also been ignoring) and I'm now on day 3. I'm hungry constantly as I can't each much due to my damaged esophagus. My energy levels are super low. Sleep comes in 20 minute increments followed by hours of tossing and turning. ..When they say alcoholism is progressive they aren't lying. This is the first time I'm having serious consequences for my drinking. I'm sure that there will be business consequences for everything I've neglected for the last month. ..Hopefully this is the gift of desperation that keeps me sober. I have no doubt left in my mind that I am an alcoholic and I'm powerless over alcohol. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back my friend. I'm proud to be here with you.
Hope you're alright man
I'm new to this sub. Planning on quitting soon. I've never heard about alcohol being progressive. What's that all about? 
I really hope you feel better soon and get the help and rest you need. I'm not drinking with you.  
Welcome back to sanity! You never have to go thru that again. Just avoid one tiny drink. The first one. Best wishes! You CAN do this!
Good job getting back at it.  I'm rooting for you.   Stick with it.  I will not drink with you today.  
Welcome back!  Thanks for sharing your story to help deter us and know that we're all not drinking in solidarity with you today!
