-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dde4e/really_trying_to_change_my_life_at_26/

I'm 5 days in sober. It has been tough emotionally & I'm going crazy trying to plan my days without getting drunk or high. I have struggled all my life with extreme anxiety low self-esteem & negative thoughts/self-destructive behavior. I'm college educated yet have never had a career due to my above issues. I've had mostly fast food jobs but I usually would call in "sick" a lot due to crippling mental health. So I did the housewife thing for a few years trying to pull myself out of this delusional state of mind..However I need & want to try to get back on some type of career path to better myself pay my student loans & get a grip on mental health. I want to repay my husband in every way I can for being there for me when nobody else was. I haven't had any job or really social interaction with professionals or even in the real world as an "adult" (thanks to me isolating myself in a small town for ~ 3 years)..I've changed most of my lifestyle since my first battles with addiction. I recently moved back to a city closer to family/friends/jobs/colleges but I can't remember how to live sober & I struggle doing daily tasks like going to check the mail getting groceries or even leaving the house (I don't drive that much anymore). I've got my husband on board with me though I do tell him "it's not a requirement to stay sober but it helps". I don't want to tell anyone else close to me. My family is so judgemental. My friends will know when I stop getting drunk with them & I hope they won't mind otherwise I'll have to say goodbye. So here I am. Scared anxious sober & trying to be the person I set out to be 7 years ago. Btw I never have used reddit besides to look at funny gifs/memes so I'm a newbie at using forums! lol :)
----------immediate responses--------

26 and you have so much good going for you! When I was 26 I was homeless and disabled from military service and alone dealing with the same mental health issues you described above. It's weird but that period was the only time I NEVER had the urge to drink because my view was my life was already so low drinking would probably be the end and for a soldier like me I wasn't ready to give in. I'm 34 now and just lost my wife because I had a slip. I'm still in pain daily but I have a house now that is mine and two wonderful dogs so there is still so much good if we only choose to see it above the pain and dark things in this world  you can do it too! 
Hello /u/tobeajedi! I'm glad you're here. Kudos for five days! ..There is lots of information in the sidebar and the Saturday Share Stories are wonderful. I think this is a supportive and informational subreddit that helps a lot of people. I remember when I was scared anxious and newly sober. Like you I had forgotten how to live a sober life so I got lots of help. I started by getting a therapist saw a psychiatrist went to treatment and got involved in AA. These helpers gave me the tools I needed...I hope you will stick around and feel free to ask any questions. If you want to get a flair which tells how many days you've been sober there's a link in the sidebar. -----------------------------&gt;
A lot of your post spoke to me. I've always struggled with self esteem self-abuse depression etc. Hell I still struggle with them now. But I did learn that I did not have to drink to deal with it and overall I have been happier sober than I was drunk. I've certainly been more productive and achieved a few goals I wanted. ..I do take medication for my anxiety. I thought sobriety would fix it but it didn't. I'd still much rather be on a pill under doctor supervision than try to medicate myself and end up blacked out every night. ..Support is crucial for me. I'm glad your husband is supportive of your recovery that will make a huge difference. ..Congrats on 5 days and know that we're here for you!
Good work on 5 days first of all...I got sober at 26 and it was one of the best things I ever did with my life. But I did because of two things:..- I had caused enough pain for myself..- I had caused enough pain for others..- I was willing to do anything to not drink..Sobriety can be scary as hell early on because with the alcoholic/addict mindset we're so accustomed to chaos self loathing and other negative behaviors and it's hard to undo all of that...But just worry about getting through today. I've been doing things one day a time 617 consecutive times but it really is just "One. Day. At. A. Time"..Hang in there it's worth it!..take care.  
I am in a very similar boat! But one year older :)..It's never too late and take it day by day. Good luck and I will not drink with you today!
