-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ddo37/i_think_its_time_and_could_use_some_advice/

I've recently turned 32 and have been a social drinker from ages 21-26.  At 26 I had a girlfriend whose father was super into wine and we would all hang out on the weekends with friends and drink wine by the crate.  This weekend routine went on for a while until the relationship ended.  After it had ended I got myself healthy gym five days a week and no alcohol.  That lasted for about eight months until one day I was feeling lazy and instead of going to the gym I went to the grocery store and bought a 12-pack of beer.  I drank the entire case in one night and did the same thing the next day and the next.  The following weeks there was less healthy eating and exercise and more drinking and eating junk..  .About two years ago I graduated from beer to hard liquor - rum and diet coke to be exact.  I usually go through 1 liter per week and sometimes two depending on what I have to do on the weekend.  I have never had a problem with functioning my life and alcohol.  I have a very successful career in corporate IT and have recently returned to school.  The more stressful the day the more I have been drinking. The way I have been rationalizing it is that work and responsibilities come first and then I reward myself with alchool.  .  .I have come to the conclusion that my continued use of alcohol is unstainable.  My health is declining and I can feel it.  I've gained over 100 pounds in these two years; I now have hypertension and a fatty liver.  I went from a size 34 waist and running 10k and half-marathon races to a size 42.  I can't even bend over to tie my shoes without struggling..  .What is finally pushing me to stop is that I've recently been waking up in the middle of the night with severe anxiety.  I can't describe the feeling of terror that washes over me when this happens.  There is no relief from it other than sit up and wait.  I am now only getting about 4 hours of sleep per night.  I feel like crap and look like crap and people are noticing..  .Honestly I am sick and tired of feeling sick and tired.  If anyone here has any tips or advice I would appreciate it.  This is my first real attempt at quitting drinking so I am a bit worried how I am going to handle it.  All I know is that I have to get through it.  Thanks for reading..  .I haven't had a drink yet so today is day one.  Wish me luck!..
----------immediate responses--------

I am a lot happier and healthier not drinking. SD is a great support system! Best wishes to you!
You've come to the right place of you have no support system around. You can overcome this and remember you can make a conscious choice everyday to pick up or not. Today you have decided not to! And I will not be drinking with you tonight so that's 2
I was also sick and tired of being sick and tired. I started browsing here and got motivated for a few weeks. Then I failed and drank "moderately" for a month and then decided no more and I reset my badge and stopped drinking again. ..Last week I decided spur of the moment to buy a pair of running shoes and I've been running almost every day since. ..My anxiety has decreased I sleep better I feel better I'm more productive my chores get done I started sleeping in my bed again instead of passing out on the couch my skin is better I've lost weight I spend less time in front of the TV and I drink more water and eat more fruit. ..Good luck. I won't drink with you today. 
When I realized I needed to work on my drinking again I started the audiobook This Naked Mind for my 25 minute drive. I only listened in the AM. It was the easiest thing to do for my schedule. All I had to do was hit purchase in the Audible app listen to it via car Bluetooth on my way in and within a week I decided to drop from five 5-7% beers nightly to 2. After a week of 2 I somehow decided it was such an effort to make it to 10:30 pm without drinking that I might as well try to go all night. I used the Insight Timer meditation app (there is a 5 min called "simply being" that is great) gulped as many sparkling mineral waters as it took (Costco pellegrino 24 pack is a fine substitute for beer bottles) popped a melatonin and laid in bed as comfortable as I could. I was fortunate the evening was peaceful and my wife understood what I was experimenting with. That was spontaneous so there wasn't any anxious workup to it. I don't know what the journey ahead looks like for me but after I did the first day I kind of am compelled to keep going as long as I can. I just started listening to the book a second time to catch things I missed and reinforce what I have learned. This has been an 11 year stretch of increasing drinking and only now have I been able to take even a day off willingly (the last time I went a day was because my daughter was born and I was in a hospital). Also for sure keep exploring SD. Lots of great resources and conversation that really helps
I found lots of support in the rooms of AA. I figured it has helped a lot of people so I should go see for myself and give it an honest shot before deciding it wasn't for me. It turned out to be nothing like I imagined it and has been the cornerstone of my recovery. 
I experienced a drastic and immediate decline in anxiety the first month. Over time my overall anxiety comes and goes in waves but without the haze of alcohol I can more carefully oberserve what actions help calm and center me and what actions hurt and jostle me. I am clearer calmer more content and relaxed. I am more sure of myself...None if it was possible with alcohol in the picture.
Welcome to the group!  It may make sense to talk to your MD and tell them you're quitting and what your consumption has been. I worked closely with my psychiatrist and the meds I took really helped me get through the first few weeks. ..SMART recovery has a really good online recovery program. I have a friend that loves AA and has 6 years sober (I haven't gone yet but may). Having an in-person support system is really important. I told almost everyone in my life and that has been very helpful bc they're all pulling for me and I can reach out when I need. I also have a fantastic therapist. ..And as I'm sure you've seen get cases of Lacroix to keep you busy drinking something other than booze. :)..Good luck!!
Man I recognize a lot of what you describe as my own story. ..I'll summarize ... pants size back down to high school numbers blood pressure normal again no more diarrhea (that's common with alcohol abuse if you didn't know) good sleep when I want it (I still kinda don't sleep but mostly because I'm an idiot reading all night) I actually ran 10ks for the first time ever and can go uphill on a bike again. ..It sounds like to me that your health is a big motivator for you and it certainly was for me. If you don't have a scale I recommend getting one. I was drinking 1000+ calories a day and when I stopped I lost weight fast. Seeing tangible results was a really good motivator for me. But watch the replacement carbs. Lots of us get nasty sugar cravings after we stop. If it gets you through the initial dry out phase then so be it but I needed to be smart about my binge snacking. ..Anxiety? Mine spiked at first then steadily decreased over time. I'm still not the happy go lucky guy of my teens but maybe that's just being an adult. ..Best advice I saved for last. Read read read. There are tons of people on here with advice and stories of success and failure. This sub gets a major portion of the credit for my sobriety today. ..Stick with it it's worth it. 
32 year old male here and this is my first real attempt at sobriety. I relate to a lot of your post so I'm sending you all of my support and I'm rooting for you hard!
Your story resembles mine in a way I got sober when I was 31 and just passed my 3 year mark. I can tell you this for sure sleeping when you're sober is the fucking best. Takes a couple weeks to get there but once you get past the rough times it is absolutely amazing. 5 stars
I could have written much of this. Holding down a stressful IT job guzzling booze to (temporarily) escape the ridiculousness of man and machine. I drank with friends every chance I got but the real damage was done alone at night. After the wife and kids would go to bed it was game on. Then the crippling waves of intense anxiety and remorse that followed the next day. The ever expanding waistline 100lbs overweight and always feeling thoroughly exhausted inside and out... .I decided enough was enough. Only 45 days later I have shed 20lbs and my anxiety is reduced drastically. It is now manageable. I am more relaxed and clear headed than I have ever been even when shit hits the fan at the office or at home..I was especially forgiving of myself early on. I didn't try to take on the world and get a lot done unless I felt up to it which wasn't often. I was mentally and physically drained after work the first couple weeks. I try to remember that my mind and body has lots of repairs to make after 18-20 years of poisoning..Some other things that helped me early on and still do: fizzy drinks by the truckload (La Croix San Pellegrino club soda and lime etc). Just something cold in the hand pounding these damn things like I used to do with beer. Sweets and ice cream to combat the intense cravings sleepytime herbal tea and melatonin before bed 5-HTP to mellow out my short-fused temper during the day vitamin Bs and plenty of hydration. Eating healthy meals as often as possible but not getting down on myself if I just needed to eat half a package of oreos or whatever junk food was in my path. Anything to avoid drinking again and bringing back the anxiety. .Our fellow SDers perseverance and cautionary tales have undoubtedly kept me from slipping up numerous times. Books: The Naked Mind and Allen Carr's Stop Drinking Now so far. Long walks or light exercise but nothing too strenuous. Again energy was low for a while and still is sometimes and that's okay. I knew to expect it this time around and not be caught off guard. .The lack of sleep and immense anxiety sucks really bad at first but if you go into it knowing that it WILL get better with every passing day you begin to gain some positive momentum..I'm with you on this journey. Let's not drink today! 
I've been sober for 4 days and the stories in this thread sound exactly like they are coming from my own life and experience with alcohol: Holding a decent job but constantly battling the haze of alcohol. The weight gain and deterioration of health. The 4am anxiety...I'm glad I found this subreddit. I think this is what I need right now.
Congrats on day 1 friend! Many more to come I hope! I recently found  this subreddit too and it is starting to help change my life in only a few short days.. I also put on a lot of weight from binge drinking and eating really bad foods that came with the hangovers.. Alcohol is a disaster for a workout plan and health which we all know but taking the step of cutting alcohol out alone will most likely help you lose weight.. Working out is immensely easier when not dealing with the empty calories or the nasty hangovers.. It truly kills motivation.. I'd like to take this journey with you! I will not drink with you today or this Memorial weekend! Wish you the best! :-)
Your drinking seems similar to mine although my tipple is wine I also work a high stress job and go the gym AND diet but frankly I can't lose a pound when I drink in the eve I just stop gaining then lose motivation...I stopped twice for decent durations 3 months a go last year and lost all my weight got offered 2 new jobs for much more money was patient..on top of things my telephone anxiety was very low (I have fear of making awkward calls).  Then I started at my new job and there were a lot of parties scheduled my boss said 'as long as you drink you'll fit in well' (my team are all males ...22 of them so it can be hard to be accepted at first) and I told my partner I was going to drink in December to not segregate myself then stop in Jan - i haven't been able to stay stopped since.  ..Of course I packed the weight back on (told myself it was Christmas weight) and slowly but surely I am back to where I started fat tired and anxious with a nice new OCD tick where I have to check the front door is locked repeatedly and say it out before I can leave the house.  Why do we do it to ourselves?? I'm so lacking in self care at the moment it's scary...I did listen to two amazing audio books my first few times though and I think I should again.  The first was Allen carr the easy way to control alcohol the other was Craig beck - the fastest way to stop drinking guaranteed... the first spoke to my logic well whilst the second spoke to my professional ego and I related more to practical ways of considering drinking...If nothing else they are great at occupying some of the evening when the empty bored temptation you get those first weeks emerges - I would highly recommend each for diff reasons...
I love this site and a book called the 30 Day Sobriety Solution - LUCK LUCK LUCK to you !!! I was in the same boat - I loved to exercise but you can't out exercise alcohol - I had high blood pressure as well - went down 20 points after 30 days no drinking - YOU can do this 
Good luck and congratulations on taking that first step. A quote I have found to be true in my own journey (both with drinking and general health and fitness) is *All change/growth begins in pain. You won't do anything to change until the pain of staying the same exceeds the pain of change." That's what it became for me. I never wanted to quit drinking and honestly couldn't contemplate a life without it. However the cost of my continued drinking simply became too much for me. On the scales of pro/con cost/benefit the bad simply outweighed the good by a huge margin and had for a long time...In both quitting drinking and general fitness two old AA cliches were useful to me: *Progress not Perfection.* and *One day at a time.* I improved my diet little by little to the point that several months in I now have built the habit of eating very healthy all the time. The "cheat" meals/snacks are just that; I go a week to ten days in between a "bad" meal and its a nice treat instead of my standard diet. I built my strength by sticking to a linear progression plan adding weight and reps slowly but surely. I'm now at the strongest I've ever been in my life and have "workout days/times" where that is just "what I do"; its not a chore anymore to get started. Its just something I do like brushing my teeth or taking out the trash...As for drinking I have the desire not to drink *today*. I don't know what tomorrow or the rest of my life will bring. If I decide 100% that I wish to return to drinking I've made a promise to myself that I will wait at least 24 hours first. The urge to drink comes over me from time to time but honestly usually passes in less than an hour. I can't rationally (un-emotionally) justify sacrificing everything I have gained in terms of health sanity self-respect and general happiness to feel a fleeting buzz that I know has so so much downside attached to it. ..Good luck to you man!
