-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ds16k/ndv_i_talked_to_people/

So! I'm an alcoholic with 11 months sober who suffers from terrible social anxiety. Alcohol used to ease it so I could make friends. ..I also recently left an emotionally abusive relationship and am still dealing with all the issues that come afterwards especially self-esteem. I spent a lot of time feeling unsafe around the person closest to me and it's taken me a lot to even leave my house and be around other humans since then. ..So I have gone through several months of isolating myself being scared of people yet sad and lonely. ..I've been going to my AA homegroup meeting for almost a year. I know lots of names and faces but I could not seem to make friends. I would walk in late and duck out right when the meeting was over. But people always stand in the parking lot afterwards and chat. I would awkwardly walk right by them every day get in my car and leave. Yet I so wished I was brave enough to stay and say hi. Sometimes when I got in my car I'd close the door and cry as I drove away because here were all these awesome potential friends and I just was too scared to be near them. ..I went away from meetings for a long time and didn't go back until this past week. ..I wrote a few days ago that I struggle with feeling worthless or meaningless to others. I don't think people would like me or want to know me. So why introduce myself when they might not want to be bothered? ..Something felt different today. I saw quite a few people I recognized from the first days of my coming here. I awkwardly tiptoed over to their conversation and they invited me in! And they were like "W1nd0wPane we MISSED YOU! We were just talking about wondering if you were okay and coming back!" ..I didn't know they even knew or remembered my name. ..So we chatted and I met a few new people and we walked out to the parking lot and I stuck around! I'm one of the cool parking lot kids now! :D ..I can't tell you how happy I am. I don't feel like an outsider looking in anymore. It's crazy to know that people care that I exist and actually notice my absence. ..It's crazy how talking is so much easier than I thought it would be. I definitely overthought it and let it snowball and get all scary in my head. I'm not that awkward once I get started. ..I WILL BE A SOBER SOCIAL BUTTERFLY YET!  
----------immediate responses--------

Total NDV!  I'm really stoked for you.  I can really relate about making things scary in my head in situations like this.  Good jump putting yourself out there.
That's huge! So happy for you! And thank you for sharing your success :)
Oh god thank you for sharing this. You really give me so much hope as I totally relate to this. I know how it feels to be lurking and then hiding because of being so shy and feeling uninteresting and just not good enough. So good for you to be brave!!!  
Damn that got me to tears. Really really happy for you. Awesome job!
This is so great. I totally share your social anxiety. Good job.
This is so wonderful. You did really well. 
Thank you for this.  Last night a friend called to ask if I was going to a party that someone we both knew was hosting.  I said I hadn't been invited and she said "Oh it's going to be big just come she'll be glad to see you." But all of my social anxiety came up -- *I wasn't invited; she doesn't want me there; I can't just show up; I'm separated from my spouse who will I talk to*... the voice droned on and on.  And I stayed home wondering if this is what it would be like if my separation becomes permanent.  I want to believe that I can have a social life without my spouse but I notice that I'm a bit afraid that I won't be able to.
