-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dugs2/hitting_a_rough_patch/

Thankfully I have stayed strong and not had a drink but I am struggling. Yesterday multiple coworkers brought up going out for a drink later in the week and the bartender at work kept asking me if I was going to have my shift drink and when I said no (which I had already told him flat out I wasn't drinking) he kept asking me and then wondered if I was going out after to get drunk since I didn't have to work the next day. He wasn't doing it to be malicious or anything I think he's just another person in my life that doesn't see that I have a problem with alcohol. ..Sure I don't always drink until I'm black out drunk I don't do drugs on top of drinking sometimes I can have three drinks and go home...but sometimes I drink too much and I drive or I drink too much and I don't remember conversations I've had or I drink so much I get incredibly depressed and hate myself and recently those times have gotten more and more extreme to the point I'm worried if I keep drinking I might do something to really hurt myself. But these are things that I'm not comfortable sharing with everyone in my life. So I make excuses like I'm trying to save money or I'm trying to lose weight and everyone keeps hounding me about going to the bar or having a drink with them after work. And it just all makes me so lonely. ..What are some ways you all have found to deal with friends that want to drink? How do you hang out or meet sober people? (I've thought of going to AA but it seems a little too intense for me) 
----------immediate responses--------

Sober people hang out in sober places...Meeting people who don't drink - the easiest place is in AA. There's no obligation to stay or do anything you don't want to. Go to a few meetings and talk to some people. You can go hang out and get coffee or whatever with them. 
I'm hard pressed to think of a place where it would be easier to meet sober people than an AA meeting. Just so you know going to an meeting does not automatically make you a "member" or obligate you to do anything. People go for all kinds of reasons; wanting to build up a network of sober friends is a very common one. ..Other than AA or other recovery meetings you might have some luck with volunteering or looking up outdoor outings on a place like meetup.com.  
To anyone wishing to reply please do not give advice on this sub please stick to sharing your own experience [speaking from the "I"](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_speak_from_the_.22i..22). The OP asked ..&gt;What are some ways you all have found to deal with friends that want to drink? How do you hang out or meet sober people? ..Replies not speaking from the I will be removed.
I am in a similar boat. No one knows how much I drink. Makes it so much harder. .I've decided that this is my day 1 after a couple of decades of daily drinking. .I am sorry I have no examples to help you. Just wanted to lend support!
AA meetings are generally not intense at all and everyone is usually very welcoming or will sense if someone want space and give it to them.  No one has to speak if they don't want to; even if it's a discussion meeting and it comes to be my turn I can just say "I'll just listen tonight" and it's cool. Visitors aren't judged everyone there went to their first meeting.. It didn't take me long to feel like i was home in meetings for some it takes checking out a few different ones to find the right fit. Even before I got involved with the mechanics of AA I found it helpful and reassuring to be around others who didn't want to drink either- when it had seemed like that's all everyone in the world did.
There is a place online called Smart Recovery.  They have a lot of meetings.  People with all kinds of addictions from cutting to eating to sex to heroine to cigs to alcohol.  they have a workbook which is good for $15.  Can you make an attempt to find new friends?  Maybe look up meetup.com and go hiking or something.  Lots of people got new friends who like to do stuff besides drinking.
