-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dxrff/you_never_regret_not_drinking_anyone_struggling/

You are loved by us..You CAN do this..I will not drink with you. .No shame..No blackouts.No regrets.No anxiety.No depression..No guilt. .You will have another day sober. .We are here always. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's good advice! I know even in the deepest throws of my beast telling me to give in its hard to predict where I will end up if I do ..If I do not I know where I'll wake up I know I'll still have money i know I won't feel weird talking to people in my circle cause im sure I didn't drunk dial them last night cause I was sober I know there will be short term pain getting over the initial withdrawal but when I drink I cause myself long term problems and long term pain I know I'll still have my house and won't be in jail I know life is going to keep getting better the longer I abstain from that poison and today that is what I choose to do! 
Thank you I do feel the love and appreciate the community and love of people on here it is so uplifting!
Thank you for posting this. I've been dealing with some guilt about having to start over instead of being able to champion my continued success and need this post tonight.
Damn right. I just finished 2 years and 5 days and there is a lightness to my being that alcohol never gave me. Hang in there.
I love this! If you keep saying this to yourself you'll be okay :) 
There is part of us in all that struggle.  That's why we will each other on so much. We you succeed and beat alcohol we all do. This community is a reflection of ourselves an what we can be!
Not feeling the selfsame in the morning is wonderful and I hope I manage this sober life long time. Thank you for these words. 
Wonderful words!
short and sweet i agree with all counts..big love everyone spread it far and wide!
thak you so much! i needed to hear that after last night. sliding around in a pool of sweat all night not able to sleep at all despite the 5htp chamomile etc mind going over on a loop the last embarassing episode that occured during this recent relapse. miserable and hating myself but saying all that I did not drink and it was all SO worth it. First day done heres to a sober today. However hard it wil be it will be easier than yesterday. We got this xx
Great post. The last two days were hard for me. I checked SD a lot and it really helped! By yesterday afternoon I was back in control of my thoughts. When I went to bed last night it occurred to me that I had conquered my first weekend of choosing to be sober. It felt wonderful! 
It's very true. Every day you wake up sober is a good day
Happy memorial day! I will not drink with you today    
You will never wake up in the morning wishing you drank the night before. Never. 
I'm on day 5 and not a single regret. Also lost a lil bit of weight (been biking 3-4 miles/day probably just water weight but still) and my skin already looks so much effin' better :)
100% true. All of it. :)
I am one day sober.  Thank you for this post.
I was at Busch Gardens yesterday with my mom niece and daughter.  Lots of people drinking beer but I was not one of them.  Some can drink.  I am not one of them.  I'm ok with that today. I'm not drinking with you today.  Happy Memorial Day everyone.  
This is so true I will not be drinking today with all of you. 
Thank you. Your words were a balm on this weekend full of events triggering me left and right.
Thank you for the post! Fell off the wagon last night so going through the usual post-drinking anxiety/regret. Always good to know there's this place to turn to.
i feel so much guilt after a night of drinking. but how do you stop? do you stop completely? i dont ALWAYS feel the guilt only if i have blackouts..
[removed]
I never regret respecting myself. I regret disrespecting myself.
Thank you. I went to some dark places this weekend and I so very much want to not see those places and that side of me anymore. 
I think back at how far I've come and where I was when I started this journey it has been three years ago. It has taken me three years of falling on my face but I eventually got up every time and here I am on my way to a year. It is really difficult to rewire years of alcohol abuse someone told me that when I started so I knew this wasn't going to be easy. 
I have yet to wish I'd drank the day before.
I thought I made this saying up the other day texting with my girls. I told them...I never regret not drinking with you guys the next morning even though I really wish I did while we do hang. I can actually hang with them and just order a virgin version (I'll still limit it to one  virgin mojito too many useless calories). Or just seltzer and cranberry spritzer 
This is simple but totally true. I never have.
Thats damn true
