-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dznax/ive_realised_something_i_drink_because_im_bored/

I've gotten so used to drinking when I'm bored than when I'm sober life seems dull...I remember reading ages ago that heroin addicts are prone to relapse because once they've gotten through withdrawals sobriety seems grey and dull...I never thought to apply the same logic to alcohol...But also I'm worried that if I fail I'll go "ah I don't have a problem I just went x days without alcohol" and slip back into the drinking routine.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been thinking a bit about this - and I think i may end up putting it in the same mental problem space as my phone. It's a thing that is taking up time and energy without sufficiently high returns... I want to spend my time making and creating and general verbing and drinking/browsing gets in the way of that...So time to spend my energy more consciously instead of frittering it away in things that *bore* me and make me *boring*...What verbs do you want to be?
I made a list of things I wanted to improve on my life (so little daily things) and bigger projects so that I don't feel like nothing's going on. Also I have taken a new look at unwinding not to mean a time to drink but a time to actually relax without feeling guilty. I wish you luck and I won't drink with you today.
This one makes total sense to me...shit!
Finding things you truly like can be hard gotta be honest with yourself so you're not doing the grey and dull things. Things stop being boring after a while too and your brain eventually goes back to being entertained without alcohol at least thats how it has worked for me. I don't need a buzz to go fishing anymore or to be social at a BBQ- now it's entertaining just to watch other people get drunk and I can win all the party games 
You can also substitute "sad" for bored...As to being bored dear God I now find hanging out in a bar with people drinking their medicine to be borderline excruciating.  
I see this constantly on here. I experienced it myself. The boredom is real. I'd be willing to be that it beats HALT as the number one derailer of people who are new at the whole sobriety thing. .For me the whole world sucked without alcohol. And life sucked with alcohol. But whatever sanity you have left you have to know that thinking is the result of a damaged brain. .After about 30 days the boredom sort of eased up and I started findin interest in some activities. At about the 90 day mark I started seeing beauty in the world again. I started feeling joy and peace and contentment and things that normal people feel all the time. I started finding entertainment in things I would have thought were blah when I was drinking. .It gets better so don't quit before the magic happens.
For me I finally noticed I started laughing again at simple things a few days ago. It was really surprising because everything has seemed so ho hum the last few weeks. I was afraid that life would forever be dull. But I understand now that my poor brain was just so artificially stimulated all the time that I am having a hard time experiencing natural highs. I'm pretty sure that's starting to change and I'm hoping with enough time life will finally be satisfying without chemical alterations. 
Your worry about thinking you can drink because of x number of days without alcohol is legit. It gets people all the time. And there is no guarantee of making it back from a relapse. For me in the beginning I changed up my routine a bit. Went to meetings almost every day. Made a lot of sober friends that way. Also started doing artsy/creative things while at home. It's important to develop coping skills for triggers (like boredom). 
Yep that was definitely me.  This is my 4th time giving up 'permanently' everything 'clicked' this time but boredom was my enemy on my other attempts...What worked this time was I came up with a great idea for a Kindle book something I believe in that would help people and hopefully sell well too.  And then I realised drinking Thurs-Sat recovering Sun-Tues doesn't give you that much time to do well anything productive...So I obsessed about the book and also booked a holiday and visualised having my book finished and going on that holiday. The goal/deadline combo worked great...However after that I lost my way a bit then this year I got motivated again.  Working on side businesses.  I want to be able to work remotely for myself by June 2018.  So now I'm working obsessively on setting up online side businesses other income streams.  I'm 37 and don't have any assets but also don't have any [major] debts. ..I need something to obsess over it's the way my mind works or else I get bored.  You can be sitting on the bus and an idea will pop in your head rather than wondering about when you will start/stop drinking that evening because you have work the next day.
I have told myself that lie in the past.  I went on to drink for years believing that I could stop at anytime  because I had done it before.  I think that's one of the most dangerous thoughts to have concerning drinking/sobriety.  Good for you on recognizing that.
Same
Next time you're bored...Take out a notepad on your phone or an actual note pad..Write a list of all the things you find even moderately interesting. ..When I first got sober and had like 2.5 years or whatever i wrote a list that first week of things that i found mildly interesting and wanted to do. ...Idk what was on that list i lost it should have put it in the cloud or something. ..Three things that i do remember from the list were:..1. cross stitch.2. antarctica.3. drawing...I got back into drawing and i'm getting close to the awesomeness that i exuded in highschool before i started drinking and stuff. .I learned how to cross stitch i'm not the best but i enjoy it..And I've watched every single documentary on Antarctica that netflix has to offer. And i've done a bit of book research and more. ..in the first 90 days that shit was integral to me being more awesome and not drinking. ..I can't tell you want to put on your list but its never failed me in the past. Not having a list and not using it is what made me think that the answer to boredom was getting high and drinking. ..GOOD LUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the biggest worries for me when I stopped was that I'd be bored but also boring! I did a ton of reading and research (for pleasure and about addiction) in my first couple weeks of sobriety and filled my brain with everything I could find. In this time I read an article about recalling what used to bring you joy/ease boredom before you were a drinker (or maybe even as a child) and bringing those things back into your life to see if they still bring some happiness or relief. If you're a reader go splurge at the library or bookstore and treat yourself to some new books that entertain you. If you like to write or watch movies or play video games the same goes. Do you like hiking? Swimming? Walking? Cooking? When I was in a bad place and too tired to read or too antsy to be productive I watched comedy specials on Netflix. It seemed to help my general mood and it took up an hour or two of time that would normally be spent at the bar. It doesn't have to be a permanent solution but it helps in the 'oh god what do I do now?' moments. Try anything and everything before you write it off cause what else do you have to lose? ..Good luck and try not to panic this feeling will pass and it absolutely gets easier the longer you fight through it. 
I just think I realized something myself so thank you for your post veloci-nap-tor!
Lol yes this is real as it gets 
Alcohol made every evening into a potential party for me so I feel this too. But I didnt really do anything meaningful with that party time. Now I have more time I *can* fill and I'm in the process of trying to/learning to do exactly that. I'm hoping boring is just a step in this process. 
For me its boredom and habit. Just part of me so I'm just gonna start working out a bit later and read while having a soda water.
wrong. You drink because of the pain of being alone and alcohol numbs your soul. 
That's what my wife and I realized. We decided to get out more even if it's just for a walk or movie. We haven't totally stopped drinking but it's not a problem like it used to be. We're just not depressed like we used to be.
I went through this list and found some stuff to occupy my free time now that drinking isn't in the picture: http://www.artofmanliness.com/2016/01/25/the-ultimate-list-of-hobbies-for-men-75-ideas-for-your-free-time/..I no longer have time to be bored. Feels good man.
I got sober to do the things I used to drink and dream of doing.  
I came to that realization too. Isn't it crazy. Keep up the good work!
Yep...I even used to call it "My network time killer" to justify drinking. Don't get me wrong I still get bored but now I just force myself to literally do anything else.
Youll get bored even once you stop drinking though. We arent entitled to constant stimulation amd excitement. Being comfortable with boredom is a big part of sobriety. ..Also even if you had the busiest awesomeat schedule in the world youd have to find time to relax wind down and process everything. Youll actually have to force yourself to be bored just to stay sane. 
Im the same way if im bored i drank if i couldnt drink id be bored
Part of this is just early sobriety and your addict brain trying to get you to drink. It goes away after a while
Boredom was the main reason i drank (besides waiting for that all too brief feeling of euphoria which is harder and harder to get as time goes by). Drinking made watching the same old stuff on TV more interesting. And everything's great til I wake up the next day and hope my damage is limited to a few bruises I can find my glasses and that I didn't kill my laptop by spilling my drink on the keyboard. I'm on two months so far the longest I've stayed sober since 1995.  I give my car keys to a friend so I can't get to the liquor store--it's the only way I can keep sober. 
I think that is why helping another alcoholic is so vital to recovery.  It is anything but boring.  Once my life is filled with exciting sober activities that particular trigger is no longer a problem.
This is me. Bored. Have fun drinking. More bored next day. Rinse repeat.Sad.
