-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e04yf/finally_feeling_the_external_change/

I know all of us feel the internal change quickly (no hangovers less regret better stomachs etc) but here at 7 months I'm finally feeling good about external things.  I've lost almost 50 pounds (https://i.redd.it/46sybxptq30z.jpg) and I get asked a lot about it.  I can go for runs again I can shop in the "normal sized" section again and wear slim fit (my preference) in suits and shirts without needing to hold my breath.  ..Not all of the external change is great - as I have mentioned here I think I may have to start over again new with my social circle.  I am having a rough time disengaging with one of my closest friends not because of booze but realizing after sobering up that they are a negative influence.  And I am struggling not to demand the same pace of self improvement from my family (wife and kids don't have a drinking problem lol but it's hard not to see them wildly changing their bad habits too)...The biggest single thing for me has been clarity - understanding my emotions and thoughts and acting on them appropriately.  But I will say that getting compliments on my appearance and (soon) being able to enter and complete 5Ks and other contests that validate my abilities helps a lot too.  It's a new and to this point unexpected benefit to sobriety!
----------immediate responses--------

You legitimately look 10+ years younger. What an amazing transformation! Great job such an inspiration :)
You look truly wonderful. Congratulations.
Wow you look fantastic! What a change! Well done that's incredible.
Congrats! What a change!
Hey hey handsome! Way to go! I agree fitting into a size 6 again &amp;*@$% rules. I lost 40 pounds in about 6 months. Yahooooooo! Like you the last two months I've really felt in touch with my emotions. I  am embracing and fostering friendships I'd let wane so I could drink and have shed some of the less genuine ones where drinking was our only bond. Great going on 7 months and 50 pounds! Really really impressive!
Congrats Mathplex! You look amaaazzzing!!!! I agree with the clarity thing; being able to understand emotions and act on them appropriately - priceless :).
Awesome job dude!..I too have lost about 45 pounds and know what you mean about fitting into smaller clothes. I was shopping for shirts a few weeks ago and I got a pretty good buzz from the elation of being able to fit into a large whereas extra-large had been the norm. Felt so good knowing that real physical changes were happening...I also have to temper myself from expecting too much from people. I know from experience that a sure fire way of having what you say to a person go into one ear and out the other is by getting too preachy. ..Keep up the good work!
Love this. I am starting to realize some of my friends are very negative as well as my head clears. Good luck to you 5ks with hundreds of others around you are a wonderful feeling.
You look like a million dollars!!!!
You look great! I hope you feel wonderful too :)
Wow!  Simply awesome!  Truly inspiring!
Right on. You look fantastic. 
