-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e5qvw/help_tomorrow_im_at_4_weeks_and_im_still_exhausted/

I really thought I would be getting some energy back at this point. Has anyone had a similar situation? I guess I just want to confirm that it isn't unusual and will eventually get better...I also gave up smoking at the same time...This is the longest I have gone without a drink or a smoke in 15 years. I'm pretty proud of myself. I've done intensive self-work to get to this point of no longer needing to drink or smoke and I'm so incredibly happy :)..So the downside......I am getting to gym a couple of times a week but I'm passing out around 2pm if I'm not at work and flaking on the couch at 6pm if I can't get a nap in. It's a real struggle. ..Please reassure me that it gets better!..Thank you SD. You are all amazing.
----------immediate responses--------

THis went away for me at about week six or seven I think. It is very common as I was complaining about it on here when I was suffering from it. And believe me I felt like I was suffering. I was so drowsy all the time. Constantly wanting to nap. I'm not sure precisely sure when it went away but it's definitely gone now. I'm more alert than ever plus I sleep great now. Hang in there my friend I'm sure you're going through the same thing that so many others did before you. :))
Same here was very tired week 2-5 but seems to be easing now. It will pass it's all partner PAWs.
I am similar! My worst exhaustion hit around 30 days and change! ..I have a bit more energy now but I am still fairly tired for my age. I like you drank regularly for 15 years (I was a nightly whiskey/wine drinker). I also exercise and eat fairly healthily. ..I keep telling myself that my body needs to heal and it is tough to be ready for bed by 7 p.m. when most people my age are starting dinner. Oh well. I come by it honestly and I will do what my body needs for now instead of ignoring it like I always have in the past...I wish you luck! And rest! And happiness. :)
I felt the same way. Also I remember when I quit smoking I was EXHAUSTED for a while.....so your body is going a lot of healing. I got some energy back but now I've been hit by the terrible allergies where I am! No fun but still a million times better minus the alcohol. ..Good for you for keeping a positive attitude and your energy will return! 
I'm on day 36 here.  I was so exhausted last night I slept from 6:30 to 6:30 - I was out cold!  I'm always exhausted when I quit - I think it's so tough getting healthy!  I go to my therapist and that gets me mentally exhausted with all these feelings I'm confronting.  I go to meetings and it's great and helpful but pretty deep thinking and confronting tough realities.  I'm exercising a lot again which tires out my body.  It's all good stuff but it's tiring!
