-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e64az/its_okay_to_not_be_okay/

Being sober isn't an all-encompassing fix for everything in my life that causes me pain. It is not making my problems go away nor is it a magic wand that I can wave and make everything instantly better...There are so many of us on this sub who are struggling with difficult and horrible real-life situations. There are relationships that have hurt/are hurting us. There are financial problems we are trying to dig ourselves out of. There are housing situations we would prefer didn't exist. There are regrets and guilt for so many wasted opportunities. There are medical conditions we don't want to live with. There are a million things that seem over-whelming...And NOT drinking isn't going to solve any of those. They are still there and we still have to deal with them. ..But I have realised that there has NEVER been a single problem in my life that my drinking has improved. It is a temptation that I battle daily as it promises me a quick escape route an instant solution to run away from the pain/difficulty/uncomfortable stuff that's going on in reality...I have read about the 'Pink Cloud'. I've read about the elation that lots of people apparently feel after quitting. I haven't got that. I've got days when I feel shit days when I feel good days when I feel okay and days when I just feel 'meh'...So I tell myself "It's okay that there are good days and bad days". It's okay that I am struggling each day not to drink and everything isn't wonderful. It's okay that there isn't a 'pink cloud' for me and that real life still smacks me in the face. ..It's okay to not be okay. I will not drink with you today. Because drinking doesn't make my 'not okay' any better...GrowingInDetermination
----------immediate responses--------

I'm about to go to detox tomorrow. Hearing your words are a little scary. I really hope that pink cloud exists
Short term solution that will cause more long term pain that's how I see it...I could get blitzed and numb and not feel the pain from that botched surgery for a few hours but I could wake up in jail in more pain and then have legal issues to deal with. ..Better for me to find healthy ways to deal with life's challenges instead 
I didn't start feeling "okay" until about day 90. Around that time something happened where I started appreciating things the way I think regular people do. I started feeling things like satisfaction contentment appreciation ... a whole host of feel good words around that time. I barely even noticed it was happening until I did notice and when I did finally notice I felt relief that the world wasn't going to be blah and gray for the rest of my life. Now my main motivation for staying sober is not preventing hangovers and misery instead I appreciate feeling motivated on the weekend to do things that I would not have found interesting when I was drinking. I find myself enjoying things throughout the day that would have passed me by unnoticed before. I agree though. The problems didn't vanish when I sobered up. But they are definitely easier to manage.
Your words really resonate with me. And I was actually thinking that the more I can face the reality of my life and not always hide from all my problems with drinking it will eventually get better? Oh well at least that is what I am hoping... I will not drink with you today.
I love this. Very real. Thank you. 
Wow. I can't even tell you how much I needed this post. ..You're right. Not drinking has helped me be more present more positive and to start connecting with a higher power. But being more present and making better decisions sometimes causes a ton of pain. Pain I would have been numbing and avoiding with alcohol. ..I wouldn't trade my sobriety for the world but I have sobbed uncontrollably for two days in a row. I think I may be done now? (I hope so. My head is killing me like a crying hangover.) I thought this meant something was wrong or that I wasn't doing sobriety right or that maybe my meds were "off." But when I told my sponsor she pointed out that I was dealing with a lot of painful stuff. I've lost almost all my friends lost a career lost so many relationships I haven't grieved am letting go of the hope of a normal family unearthing pain from abuse childhood stuff etc. I have health problems I'm not sure are solvable. I have mental health issues and am kind of terrified of forging new connections - professional and personal. I ought to be "saving" but I can't even pay on all my existing debts. I have dreams and goals but feel stuck in achieving them right now. ..Of course I'm struggling. It seems pretty natural when I write it all out like that. What's changed is my commitment not to hide from these things. I've stopped drinking. I've stopped engaging with people and things that drain me. I've started putting up boundaries and changing my (admittedly toxic) way of relating to people. That's left me quite alone for the time being. Because drinking was a way of staying connected to people at all costs. ..It's going to get better but it's going to be hard for a while. It will be worth it in the end if I can keep pushing through. This will all result in building a better life for myself and becoming a better person. ..Thanks for your post. 
One of the hardest but healthiest things I did during my sobriety was to accept and let my depression in. Only once I faced and felt it was I able to work on it instead of running from it.
correct.  this is a huge one.  I remember at a couple weeks thinking "Ok... booze is over there... not drinking it...um....why the fuck don't I feel spectacular every second of the day?"..I posted that thought here and someone pointed out "non-drinkers don't feel super all the time every day.  they have ups and downs and deal with normal stuff just like we have to (re)learn how to do"..that really stuck with me.  We are used to being able to drink this thing and then feel super pretty quickly and not give a shit about being broke or homeless or whatever.  In the sober world we can still feel good about stuff but it takes mental work.  It's not easy.  It can suck.  We don't want to hear about it being hard work.  I can A) Drink this and feel fantastic or B) work hard and feel pretty OK sometimes...which is easier?..we know that B is the long term better answer... but we fight it.  our addicted brain fights it...11 days is looking ok.  You past any withdrawal. keep stacking days...For me the sober high or pink cloud kicked in about 1-2 months in.  I started to pay attention to things I enjoyed.  Started having fun...gasp...without booze.  realizing it was possible.  It can be a dangerous time because we can get the fuckits.  ..I used it to keep powering forward...Today is important just don't drink the rest of today.  The moment is really all any of us have for certain future you will be glad you didn't start drinking at this moment.
This is good.  There are two huge aspects of sobriety.  The first is quitting the drink (which can befuddle many unto the gates of death myself included) and the second is living a life you can enjoy without the drink.  Being able to live life on life's terms and still be happy is a real life's quest.  I've found that the twelves steps deal with this on the most grounded and realistic basis.  In fact if you look at the twelve steps it takes alcohol off the table as it only mentions it in the first step.  The other 11 steps deals with the person the personality our characters and our instincts.  It helps mold all of that into a new creature that can not only not drink but enjoy life without it and feel comfortable in one's skin.  
Thanks for your post saving this!
All of this. Yes. Thank you. 
&gt;And NOT drinking isn't going to solve any of those...This is what helped me stay sober too. .Once I started digging out of the wreckage I had created I reached a point that I was honestly unwilling to mess things up. ..Your comment is so simple but was one of the hardest things I had to maintain.  ..I love that you are Growing... InDetermination.   
You can do this one step at a time.  Thanks for sharing.  Time flies and I am happy to jump off the wine train.  I won't drink with you today.
This is a really good post. My life is a real shit storm right now because of my drinking. It helps to remember that it's ok to be miserable and sober. I know it's not forever. I will not drink with you today so that I can build a better life. Slowly but surely I am seeing it improve. Thanks for sharing. 
For me the pink cloud happened around day 90 or so I think. I wouldn't describe it as "elation" though - more like "hey I actually feel ok! My life still is unmanageable in so many ways but I'm going to be ok if I just keep doing what I'm doing." Keep going - it gets better. You are working so hard right now - and you are very wise. :).
