-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e6nz8/entry_from_a_serial_relapser/

It happened again unfortunately guys I fell off my streak of nearly 14 days sober and I am so ashamed of myself. I don't know why I keep doing this I know alcohol is a poison that I should want to keep away from my body but I keep punishing it. It's no good for me it's no good for my organs and it's no good to the people I love and care about...I've done myself so much damage over the past year or so it's unreal I keep on telling myself "You can do this!" and I do for x amount of time but alcohols cold fingers find their way back round my wrist and prompt me to pick up the bottle. If I could get the version of myself before alcohol had even found its way to me in the same room as me I bet what he would tell me is "You're completely wasting your life what are you actually doing?"..I've had enough of this living death. Alcohol has not got a place in my life starting this day.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. ..What are you going to do differently this time?..Smart AA IOP therapy?
Right there with you friend. After 50+ days I just drank the weekend away. Feeling pretty rough right now just as expected. We gotta keep trying we can do this.
I relapsed several times before it finally stuck. It took a couple years for me to get to the point where I was truly ready for sobriety. Picking yourself up after a slip is hard but it's possible. I have over a year sober now. Never would have believed I was capable of that amount of time a couple years ago. 
Those are some powerful realizations.   I found talking with my family doctor really helped.  She wanted to book appointments every 3 months for now and that is one way to hold me accountable on top of other things I am doing myself (coming here reading etc...)  
You have the right attitude. How you think about alcohol is important I feel. 
I am in the same boat. But I was also diagnosed as bipolar recently. I'm not saying you are but for me I was constantly self medicating. I was in denial about mental illness for 5 years before I sought help again. I'm on lamictal and my sobriety days range from 17 days to 1 day over the last 3 months but my desire for drinking has subsided after treating my brain. I wake up happy (which ironically can make me want to drink but it dwindles as my medication takes over) go to bed satisfied with my day and look forward to the sun rise. I think that's lamictal working. Perhaps you can seek help from a therapist/psychiatrist. It's helped me tremendously. 
I relapsed many times too. Seems to be common. Not that we should be happy about it but we can't beat ourselves up either. We just start again. I'll be happy to not drink with you today. 
This time I DID a book called the 30 Day Sobriety Solution - It has daily activities you must do - to me it was therapy - it really works on rewiring your sub conscience  -might want to give it a try 
I just had to reset mine after 2 weeks also. I can feel your pain. We're all in this wagon together. I won't drink with you today. We got this!
I've been in that vicious cycle for a few years now.  For me I would go 3 weeks 4 weeks maybe even 3 months at one point.  But always back to drinking heavily.  This time around I'm switching it up and going to AA and Refuge Recovery.  I needed something else to keep moving forward and that something is a support group.  You can do it!  One day at a time.  
What's important is that you keep coming back. This is not easy and it happens to many of us. We just keep on. So let's not drink today okay?
I relapsed too after a nice long streak. I took my dog to a new vet on Saturday and as I was leaving they handed me a bottle of wine. Weird gift for a new canine client but I live in a boozy city. I should have declined but I just took it and left. I thought "I'll give this to a neighbor or something." Then I got home and put it in the fridge. I guess I knew what was coming. I'm feeling pretty damn defeated and upset but I won't drink with you today. Thanks for your post.
At day 10 I started an exercise program which has been the #1 reason for my continued sobriety. 
Wow I could have written this myself. Fell pretty hard this weekend but finally admitted to my SO that I need to stop for good. I won't drink with you today! 
