-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6eg2jc/one_year_thank_you_sd/

A year ago today I woke up with a brutal hangover. There was a lot of vomit. That hangover lasted nearly two days. There had been a lot of vomit those days some bloody and a lot of two-day hangovers that only  went away  with more drinking. I realized I needed to take a couple of weeks off. ..By the middle of the week I realized it might be time to quit for good. I'd had a year and two months of sobriety under my belt at one point but I relapsed and drank again for over a year. I was never in denial that I had a drinking problem I just didn't give a shit. ..I talked to my few sober friends about it. They said they would help me. "If you want to be sober sisters with me I will 100% support you!" The thought of being sober again was terrifying. I didn't want to confront reality I didn't want to lose my toxic best friend bourbon. I got angry I got furious I kicked and screamed like a 4 year old who just got told there would be no ice cream   ever again. I rolled around on the floor in agony fiending for a drink. But by the end of my three week  trial  period I had made the choice   I was never going to drink again...I was exhausted for nearly 4 months. I slept up to 15 hours a day I lost my appetite yet managed to consume several sugary ice pops a day. I don't even like sugar but it helped. I leaned on my friends and I talked to SD. I started drinking bubbly water in earnest. ..It's been a weird year. I was extremely depressed on and off. My relationship almost fell apart more than once. Winter was rough. We had to move abrubtly this spring. My partner still drinks but over the course of the year we've worked it out to him never drinking around me. It was hard to ask for that but I'm glad I did. ..I think it took til month 10 or so to really start feeling secure in my sobriety. It no longer feels like a weakness but more like a super power. I am absolutely floored with how supportive my friends and partner and all of you wonderful SDers have been through all of this. There is literally no one in my life (anymore) who gives me a hard time about it and that is one of the main reasons I believe I have been able to make it this far. ..The other reason I have made it so far is because I've learned that it's actually ok to love myself and take care of myself. That was the most powerful lesson of all. I'm sober because I owe myself more than addiction and cirrhosis. ..There are still days where I inexplicably want to drink. Not often but anymore alcohol just seems like a really dumb idea   a waste of a life. I have a really hard time being around drunk people not because I'm judging them or getting cravings but because it's boring isolating and reminds me of the bad old days...And it's not like I'm done. I feel that I am now just beginning something. I'm still far from the best version of myself but now the biggest roadblock is gone. I'm so excited to be sober with all of you! Thank you SD for always being here for me -- I probably couldn't have done it without you. ..I will not drink with all of you today! :)........
----------immediate responses--------

So pleased for you and a very inspiring post for all! Thanks you 
Super inspiring post proud of your accomplishments. Thanks for sharing and congrats!
Congrats!
Thanks for this inspiring post!!
thank you for sharing this. my "180" is tomorrow and i've been doing a lot of reflecting on how much better i feel these days (and how completely crappy i felt 6 months ago). excited to be sober with you today. fizzy water cheers to you!
Congrats!
A year for me today as well! Congratulations to you my sober twin sister!
Congratulations!!!
Good for you!  I won't drink with you today
Congrats. Great mile stone.  Not drinking with you today. 
Awesome post congrats! I will not drink with you today!
wow congrats! I hope its gonna be me next year :p
I love this post well said! Congratulations on one year!!
Way to go.  Thanks for this inspiring post! 
Hurray!  I will not drink with you today.  
Congratulations. Awesome achievement:-)
This is a wonderful way to start the morning! Thank you! So happy for you truly. 
