-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6eh1ni/i_think_a_huge_reason_why_i_fail_being_sober_is/

After another relapse a couple days ago (I have nowhere near my timer btw unless they've reset this by the time you see the post) I had a very simple revelation. I am always so intent on getting to some place in my life so that I'll be happy. "Once I have 6 months sober I'll be so happy". "Once I lose X amount of weight I'll feel great about myself". "Once I donate ______ amount of my time to charity I'll be someone who I can be really proud of". And on and on and on. But the problem is that those things never happen. The reason is that I am thinking about it completely backwards. The results are a consequence of the self-esteem you already have. I'm sure they play off of each other but if I fucking hate myself everyday it's no wonder that I treat myself like something that doesn't matter. I have to reverse my thought process here. "I am a good person and that's why I give my time". "I love myself and that's why I stay healthy". "I love my life and that's why I don't destroy it with alcohol." That's the way that will actually help me make a change. Thanks for being a great community that I can always come back to. I'm gonna try my best to make this the last time I'm coming back new.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth thinking about how you'll escape one day and how awesome it will be and imagining that future keeps you going but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present. ..&gt; \- John Green *Looking for Alaska.*
Interesting revelation and thanks for sharing. ..I know I fall into that trap a lot.  I also plan to take some action at some point in the future "when the time is just right" but I've learned the time is never perfect to do something I just need to do it now.  I also try and focus on the journey as the purpose of things I do instead of just the result.  ..These types of thoughts allowed me to continue my addiction to alcohol because I would postpone my quit day to tomorrow nearly every single day based on some nonsensical excuse.  However I finally just did it and could not be happier that I no longer have alcohol in my life.  Is my life magically perfect far from it - life is a daily struggle but so much easier without the burden of alcohol addiction in it and allows me to conquer other things and try and focus on the present.
Thanks for sharing. Our ability to be present and happy in the now is a challenge for every human being regardless of their issues with substance abuse. For alcohol-dependent people the challenge is even greater. I'm glad to see you're taking care of yourself. Not sure if you have ever looked into mindfulness meditation or Zen. They have helped me tremendously in finding joy in this instant moment so that I don't have to chase anything.
