-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6eqowx/first_relapse_after_a_decently_long_stretch_has/

You can change but alcohol never will. This is something i've learned following my most recent relapse. I put together 86 days of sobriety my longest string since my family intervention'd me. Then i broke my habits because i was on vacation visiting friends i hadn't seen in forever. No excuse just how it happened. Just like seeing my buddies cracking open that first beer was like all those days we'd been apart washed away. I was a raving lunatic for the duration of my 2 day bender. Without alcohol i am reserved witty and caring. After a couple drinks imagine a greased up Chris Farley in a fine china shop. I lost my glasses in the ocean the first day of my vacation so i've been legally blind for the duration and am now out $225 for replacements. I lost the two Vape pens i begged my mother to purchase me for my birthday. I spent an ungodly amount of money i had been saving since i sobered up on drinks and uber rides and lost a pair of shoes. I stopped taking my anti anxiety medicine (now back on a regular schedule) and have felt completely out of wack since. These are all things that were common occurrences while i was a regular drinker but in my previous ~3ish months of sobriety were so far outside the realm of my normal behavior that i almost can't believe it's real. To everyone early in their journey heed my warning you can always change but alcohol will be waiting for you with open arms to take you back to square one. Don't waste your journey just to get right back off at the first stop. I will not be drinking with ya'll today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this! On my 5th day I'm trying to pay attention to this kind of experience. I don't want to lapse. I really don't. ..I'm happy for you and you're clarity! ..I will not be drinking with you today. 
Thanks for sharing.  I am being scared sober by that story.  I won't drink with you today.
I would call myself a Slow Relapser because the shitty life starts to come back insidiously once I start drinking again but its the same idea.  Eventually I always find myself obsessed and ever so slowly getting out of control.  I have been in the darkest of holes and I can never let myself get back there.  I might not make it out again.  It took me YEARS to dig out from my deepest hole.  Scary shit!
I won't drink today with you! I did the same thing made the first 95 days of the year sober. Then decided to drink spent the last month drinking trying to moderate but knowing when I drink I just want 6-10 beers and anything less sucks. And slowly slipping back into the old habits. Eff that!   
Good for you getting back on track OP...As I read somewhere on here..  alcohol is *patient.*  
