-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6erphg/swore_i_would_stop_for_my_son_and_i_didnt/

Not sure how to start this post. I've been sober for a couple days now and prior to what can only be described as an epic relapse I was 99 days alcohol free. I just had my first child and although I was sober for the birth I immediately fell into a relapse the next day while my wife was still at the hospital. I barley even remember it. Apparently the doctors and nurses had explained to my wife that she had options if I was a danger to the child. So far that is my rock bottom. I tried so hard for months to sober up for this kid and I managed to fuck it up one day in. My wife's family was also there to see me at my worst which makes me feel even better knowing that they probably don't trust me with their grandchild hurts pretty bad. They barley mentioned the day since but I feel like it's the elephant in the room. They've seen me pretty bad before. Xmas eve this year for example. I'm ready to start going to AA and found one near my home.  The thought of never drinking again scares the crap out of me and to be honest I doubt that it will happen. I've sworn off alcohol too many times now to assume that this time will be different. I have more motivation now with my son but I've already proven that I'm capable of getting messed up around him. .	I'm sure the SD crowd will give me words of encouragement and believe me I appreciate it but right now its not really going to help. I feel like I'm going to be a terrible parent not because I want to be or because I'm neglectful but because I'm an alcoholic who will inevitably do something that will harm my kid. Maybe I drive and hit something/one with him in the car or maybe I show up to a PTA meeting smashed. Who knows with me once the whiskey starts going down everything that's good about me disappears and I quickly fall back into old habits like morning drinking binge drinking and best of all drinking and driving. .	I'm legitimately scared for myself and my son because of what drinking can make me do. I'm back on the wagon again but this last relapse really feels like the worst yet. Thanks for reading. .
----------immediate responses--------

Hey welcome! Glad you're posting here...Making plans to get help and talk to those you care about is a good step. Living one day hour and minute at a time...I'm not a parent and I'm in a new relationship while still living in a bachelor pad. Don't know about that life first hand but I do know about drinking of course...What lessons can you take from this relapse? A lot of people (including myself) start the relapse process days before the first sip. ..Not drinking with you tonight
I won't give you words of encouragement because you said they won't help.  But I did read your post carefully and it sounds like you're in a pretty tough spot.  I feel for you.  I've felt like things were hopeless before and that I could predict my (horrible) future to a tee.  That's classic depressive thinking.  But in my case they weren't hopeless and my predictions of doom were way off.  There's plenty of help out there if you ask for it.  In any event I'm glad you're not drinking today and I wish you the very best.  I look forward to seeing more posts from you here. 
Getting sober for someone else never worked for me. No matter how hard I tried how important they were in my life- it never worked. I had to do it for myself.  And I couldn't do it alone.  I got addiction counseling attended outpatient rehab (IOP) and went to AA.  I still go to AA to help keep me sober.  The nice thing about quitting drinking is that you don't have to commit to doing it forever.  Just commit to staying sober today.  Tomorrow you make the same commitment and so forth.  It helped me not getting overwhelmed with the I'm-never-going-to-be-able-to-drink-ever-again feeling.  I am sorry for your troubles.  I hope you're able to get help getting sober.  I will not drink with you for the rest of today.  
This shit is hard.  I have to believe that we can find a way out of the pit.  I'm rooting for you to do just that.
