-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6euplw/how_long_did_it_take_for_you/

I'm just shy of my first week of sobriety. The day-to-day has been OK. What I'm really struggling with is the IDEA of never being able to drink again. I know that's what "one day at a time" is all about but any suggestions on how to cope with that overwhelming wave of despair and panic that follows when I think "Someday...." followed by "No never again. AHHHHH!" Also did you find that gets easier over time or is it always going to be a struggle?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on one week! I'm just over one week now and struggling with the same issues as you... ..Annie Grace has a few helpful words to say on the issue of never drinking again and how terrifying that seems. You may have already read it but if not she has generously made it available free for SD [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDbookclub/comments/4khj4s/this_naked_mind_available_free_to_sd_users/).
i dove head first into a recovery program.  i went to treatment where i was introduced to alcoholics anonymous.  it was here that i learned to live a happy contented sober life. not drinking is not a struggle and hasn't been for a long long time.   however  i still have to deal with life's problems the difference is that now i am better equipped.  some days are great others are difficult but i know longer think of taking a drink to help me get through.
Try to think about it like this. I dont drink not i cant drink. Its a positive choice. Not a negative i cant ever again. It has helped me just trying to change my perspective from the its bad for me; i cant; or i will get in trouble. To a positive decision that i dont do it. Like I dont use meth or needles. Not that i cant do that. Just remember that this is like the first brake up you ever had. It really sucks but you will live and be better off in the end...I will not drink with you today!
I shut my brain up by indulging it. If it said "someday..." then I'd respond "Maybe someday. I don't know. All I know is I'm not drinking today." I worked to take the mental struggle out of it and try to acknowledge the thought and let it pass trying to avoid the back-and-forth arguing in my head. .."Never again" was terrifying for me and it's understandable that my brain was freaking out. I was taking away its crutch! Never?! That's...forever!!! I try in sobriety to understand why I'm having a certain thought instead of reacting to the thought itself. I chose not to argue with those thoughts and eventually they stopped happening with any kind of frequency. ..Be patient with and kind to yourself. :) I'm not drinking with you today!
Yeah I talk to my therapist about this.  It's super overwhelming to think about "never" drinking again.  I have suffered from anxiety for a long time to so my brain's natural instinct is to obsess and think about all the ways things in the future might go badly.  Learning to concentrate and be present in the moment can be tough.  I've started AA meetings and do some deep breathing to slow brain down.  It has gotten easier over time for me!
For me the will power method never worked and I was miserable while attempting it. I could get past the physical withdrawals from the poison but the mental triggers would continue to appear until I finally pulled one and was quickly right back where I left off.  ..I found that the key to quitting is not to simply abstain   *it's to not want to drink. ..At some point for me maybe 9 months or so after my last reset .I completely lost the desire to drink...My  cognitive dissonance  relating to alcohol use was finally resolved. This is just a fancy term for the conflict I had between my conscious and subconscious mind that was nurtured by many years of conditioning. Annie Grace explains this extremely well in This Naked Mind. I would recommend reading it and absorbing every chapter. ..The knowledge imparted by this book and especially this sub-reddit really helped me regain my direction my health and my freedom...
I had the same panicked thoughts about quitting for good. It took me a very long time to stop saying "I'm taking a break" or "I'm not drinking for a month" and to decide that not drinking again ever was the best idea. This scary idea has progressively gotten less scary. For me a major component of drinking was the simple habit of it just like any other non-addictive habit. The daily wine the beer at any social occasion; it was just the routine. Another component was the romanticized idea of alcohol--the craft beer after a long day the perfect wine with a meal the smokey scotch on a quiet evening--I did not want to give this up forever! .. Well somewhere in the last 300 plus days I've broken the habit aspect. Evenings no longer trigger the old craving-- I honestly rarely even think about it. And I also realized that the romantic conceptions I had of alcohol were mostly baloney. My wife still drinks and I occasionally have a small sip of what she's having. I recently tasted a beer she was drinking and thought "huh don't like that." That cracked me up. And I think if I so much as got a whiff of Lagavulin 16 (a scotch I used to enjoy) now it would make me gag. I used to think there would be special occasions that would always merit a drink--traveling to France or Italy a special anniversary a round of beers after an epic day of skiing. But now I realize that for me alcohol would actually diminish those occasions not enhance them. I walked out of the gym early this morning soaked in sweat and slightly nauseous from crushing a workout. The air was still cool and the light soft and I thought "This. This is better than before."
Imagine you just survived cancer. Would you be freaking out at the thought of "OMG will I NEVER be on chemo again?!". I know this is a dumb comparison for a number of reasons mainly that cancer is not a choice but still.. ..What I'm actually trying to say is that you should remember that this is your choice and there were reasons for you to make it. And there are reasons for you to stick to it. Try not obsessing so much about it maybe you will have a glass of wine someday you never know. Maybe you will find yourself in a place where you will want (and be able to) "moderate" like all the "normal people". But if that day will come you will feel it and you will have to understand deeply that it is another safe and right choice to make. Is that day today? Do you feel today that it would be a 100% good and safe idea? Well then keep going and get back to this thought once it has something to do with you. But what's the point of it now? ..Sorry if this turned slightly grumpier than I planned...And yes it does get easier. I'm sitting here on my high horse lecturing you about what you should and shouldn't think while I was you just a couple months ago. Now I can review my train of thought on these matters and understand that some of them were ridiculously misled it's all much clearer now. Oh by the way Mindfulness is super awesome. ..I will not drink with you today!
This Naked Mind has helped me as well. I also tell myself- I have had my share- I just went through it in a quicker amount of time than some folks.......time to try something different we know what the drinking life was like lets be adventurous and explore what a sober life has to offer........kind of exciting
I struggled with 'never again'.  .&gt; I know that's what "one day at a time" is all about..I did too but internalizing it and living by it instead of paying it lip-service was basically the key to me.  Because forever was really scary for me too.  I don't notice it anymore though.  But I couldn't tell you when it happened that way other than to say... one day..
I am feeling the same way as you.
I agree with changing it from a negative to a positive. I made the decision for me and it was my choice because it is what I want. I also look at as life is about experiences. I have experienced being buzzed totally drunk puking my guts out and all that goes with drinking. It became one big bad experience so no need to keep doing it. Kind of like been there done that on to something else. It does get easier as time goes on. Sobriety has become who I am. Drinking has no appeal to me anymore.  
Whenever I find myself entertaining the idea of "someday" I remember how I ended up in the hospital... the embarrassment the cost the physical pain and the insanity I felt. That's enough to make me feel pretty damn excited to never drink again. I mean sure.... I could try moderating but 1) my liver is not healthy 2) I'd just drink myself into a hospital bed again. Maybe not this year but eventually. ..Around the fourth month of sobriety I began actually enjoying being dry. And around that time is when the thought of forever stopped scaring me. Good luck! I won't drink with you. 
Read Annie Grace's book listed in the sidebar. She talks about that despair/panic.
I'm not drinking {today}. Not drinking ever again sounds like a big commitment. I don't like commitment. So I make the choice to not pick up the first drink today and that has worked for me for a few hundred days so far. ..Sometimes my mind wanders off to thoughts of not drinking at important events that may someday take place (every wedding every New Year's Eve every party every first date...) When I do that I catch myself and ask "am I going to a wedding or a party today? Do I have a first date today? Is it December 31?" If the answer is no then I set that worry aside and focus on the challenges and opportunities that today presents. 
I quit for ten years a while back.  Quit for a month then two months within the past year (not necessarily trying to quit forever just establishing that I could do it and kind of hoping I wouldn't feel like starting again).  And I totally understand what you're talking about when you say it's the *idea* of never drinking again that's powerful.  When I contemplate the notion I'm overwhelmed with vague panicky thoughts: how difficult it is to relax and have fun with friends how it's the only time I feel good when I'm having a bad day how it's so unfair that other people get to drink and I don't etc...My experience: everything settles down quite a bit after a few days and quite a bit more after a few weeks...The theory I operate under is that we have triggers and routines for all sorts of behaviors and we need to face each one of them down multiple times before they lose their power over us.  For example my evening routine is that I have a couple of drinks as soon as I get home.  The first day I get home and don't have those drinks-- and honestly the drive home knowing those drinks aren't an option-- is rough.  But facing that specific event gets a little easier every day...So you might get a handle on those daily triggers within a few days but then you have to deal with weekly triggers.  Getting home on Friday carries a different vibe than getting home on Monday so that's a different experience and it'll be a few *weeks* before you've dealt with it multiple times...Then there are monthly triggers (e.g. sitting down a pay bills).  Gonna be a few months before you've faced these down multiple times...Then there are annual triggers (e.g. doing your taxes).  Gonna be a few years...Then there are the unexpected random triggers (high-stress events like changing jobs moving breakups).  These arrive out of the blue and infrequently so it could be a while before you can acclimate to dealing with these sober...The good news:.* The number of triggers that you've overcome will increase all the time meaning you'll be fighting fewer and fewer battles..* You'll learn to recognize that "triggered" feeling for what it is and realize why you're suddenly struggling..* A bit esoteric perhaps but you'll eventually be able to feel that sensation without it being in control.  The first time the doctor gave you a shot you felt the pain and screamed but over time you learned to handle it without a sound.  It doesn't mean you like getting shots now-- it means you realize it's an unpleasant sensation that will pass.
I honestly still don't say "never again" to myself.  But I don't try very hard to find a way to add alcohol back to my life.  And I can see so clearly how much better off I am in just about every conceivable way without alcohol that I just keep not picking up that first drink..
Hmmm...I declared sobriety for the first time in July 2016. I ingested alcohol 3 times after that 2 mild but regrettable occasions with the third and worst experience occurring in December. The holidays were a tad tough but I was really feeling over it in terms of drinking. ..I now have some perspective that my newly sober self did not. It is easier now to observe/acknowledge my "drinky" thoughts and play the tape forward pretty quickly. That the mental anguish is gone (that arises when I try to justify alcohol entertain fantasies of moderation) ultimately makes just carrying on sober SUPER attractive. 
I have a little struggle with that myself. I'm proud of the progress I've made but every now and then I think "Maybe someday I will be able to drink like a normal person".           .And then I remember that it's total bullshit. I suck at moderation I always have.          .I have to commit every day to being sober for myself.       .I also think about how damn disappointed I will be if I fail. I don't ever want to have to reset my badge.       .Stay strong And let's not drink together tonight mmK? .
Hey there same-day-sober buddy! Congrats to both of us for day seven today. Right there with ya not drinking today...And to all you fine redditors thanks for the good perspective on this topic. I'm struggling with it too. But I also feel a burgeoning sense of accomplishment about one week under my belt and dare I say a bit of self pride. Its been awhile. Its inspiring to hear so many of you vets say that feeling grows as several days becomes several weeks. I'm excited to check that out. ..A Friday La Croix to you all!
You too. And thanks for your response. 
First month was pretty tough. I was afraid of a lot of things: that I won't be able to hang out with my friends anymore that I won't enjoy a dinner that my family would think about me as a person with drinking problems that I will be boring that I couldn't celebrate important things in my life or cope with sad ones. .One day at a time didn't work for me because I know that that would make me think of a sobriety as a temporary state. I analyzed my addiction and find out that I am an addictive person by nature. I have to be addicted to something it's like feeling an itching hole in my life. So I started the new addiction obsessively healthy eating. :) Lost a lots of belly fat and gained almost 1000 followers in my healthy eating blog. .Half of my friends have quit drinking too without any pushing from my side. .Family members welcomed all those changes for them I'm an athlete now not a former alcoholic. .BUT. You might have different features motivation and fears. Try to analyze them and find out how you can work on them. .Good luck to you.
I don't know yet. I think I'm still figuring that out. All I know is that in the past month and a half I had a period of 6 days and a period of 2 weeks where I was sober which more than I've strung together in years. If nothing else I'm going to keep making progress.
I liked This Naked Mind book free in sidebar.  It really shifts the perception about alcohol.  I won't drink with you today.
I feel lucky in that I don't HAVE to drink anymore. I had no control over it and it was taking over my life. I couldn't stand the obsession and fixation and loss of time and brain cells and my health so now not Having to drink is a huge relief.  
