-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6euso5/relapsed_after_3_months_in_rehab/

Hi ..Just checking in to admit my shame of relapsing after having a really nice informative 3 month stay in rehab. My problem is alcohol but also prescription medications such as xanax ambien and adderall. I'm just really disgusted with myself and my partner is beyond disgusted because he financed the rehab and feels like it's just all been an expensive waste. ..Today is my first day of sobriety. I'm too ashamed to reach out to my friends and counselors from rehab to let them know I need support. I made an appointment with a local counselor but I canceled it the morning of due to anxiety. I've burned so many bridges and so so so many people have tried to help me and given me second chances only for me to continue being a huge fuck up in life. ..I really liked the person I was sober in rehab - I was kind friendly thoughtful well-liked social respected and trusted. Now I haven't left my apartment in over a week and can't even bear making eye contact with myself in the mirror. ..I didn't follow any of my post-rehab plans. I know I need to make a very simple plan right now and follow through with it. ..Unfortunately I haven't had a regular job in over a decade I've worked in the adult industry and have had a series of abusive and toxic relationships. The person I currently live with and who paid for part of my rehab genuinely cares about me and wants me to be healthy but I don't feel comfortable with him and feel really guilty. I don't think I could possibly stay sober as long as I continue living with him. That was the conclusion that all of the counselors I worked with at my rehab came to as well. ..So I'm stuck I have to change my living situation have no local support network no family to call on no work history for over a decade pretty fragile emotionally/mentally and just incredibly anxious. ..I know the first step is to make it through the first week of withdrawals and to just take it one day at a time. I just needed a place to speak because I'm too ashamed to tell anyone I know in real life and too afraid/anxious to leave the house. ........
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I didn't follow any of my post-rehab plans. I know I need to make a very simple plan right now and follow through with it...I'm glad you're here. I'm sending courage so you take another step and contact counselors. I always found AA meetings comforting and understanding. 
This all sounds really hard and my heart goes out to you. I second the idea of finding a meeting. Getting even just one person in your corner will help immeasurably I think. Maybe after you are feeling better physically you will be able to follow through with a new counselor? In the beginning I kept it as simple as possible too. Best wishes.
I came here for support too. My boyfriend tries so hard but I end up feeling so bad- ashamed- for letting him down that it's hard to ask even more patience and understanding. I know he feels frustrated disappointed and let down. Sometimes it helps me to start with just for the next hour I'll say no. Or the next 30 minutes or 10 minutes. And when I can turn ten minutes into the rest of the day well even that small victory makes him a little less frustrated a little less disappointed and a little less let down. It's definitely lonely I can relate to that too almost all of my friends are from bars I worked at or bars I frequented when not working. I know there are websites for social networking like Meetup where maybe we could both find friends that have similar interests without drinking. I used to go to a jewelry class once a week- that was great because it's sober and the focus on what you're making REALLY takes away anxiety. I guess what I'm getting at is that when I focus on a hobby the anxiety goes down and I have some satisfaction of creating something. So yeah you're definitely not alone small victories are for both you and your partner and force yourself to do a hobby- even if just for a few minutes. I've had my share of relapses but these are some things that helped me when I felt so terrible. Get through the worst of it and worry about work in a few days when you're more calm the Google career counselors temp agencies schools or whatever gets you moving to a job you love. Best wishes and I'll not drink/partake with you today..
[removed]
