-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f1l88/i_let_my_ex_girlfriend_visit_me_at_work_yesterday/

She showed up DRUUUUNK. She knows my path and struggles very very well. We dated during my darkest time which includes my drinking. She knows how much sobriety means to me how much it has given me how seriously I take it. She knows I'm solid (at the moment) yet showed up already 3 sheets and carrying multiple beers...Within minutes she had dropped a beer on the floor which exploded near some very expensive art made a mess of cleaning it up turned things unnecessarily dramatic couldn't hold a proper conversation and was extremely whiny and needy and demanding of my time...Now my store smells like stale beer and I wasted a perfectly good evening I could have spent elsehow. Well I guess it wasn't wasted. It reiterated a lot of the reasons that I'm sober...It's gonna be 93 degrees and sunny here today. Perfect cold-fizzy-water-at-the-river kind of day. Thinking of you all today!
----------immediate responses--------

It really helps staying sober when you see drunk people in action.  I always think to myself oh no please tell me I wasn't that bad! But I was!!! Have a good day at the river
Ahh I can feel the secondhand shame from here!! Ugh I'm glad I'm not her when waking up the morning after that. Oof what a familiar and horrible feeling...So happy to be sober with you!! 
Glad she's in the rear view mirror.  Yes a good reminder of how happy not to walk in her shoes.  I won't drink with you today.  Did you ask her to leave?  Did you say gee you are stinking drunk?  How did you handle it?  I won't drink with you today.
She sounds useless my friend. Keep on YOUR program. We got this. And we do not need people like her.
Tell her thanks for helping to keep me sober. 
I'm happy to be sober with you today my friend. Much love coming your way. Have fun at the river. Im heading to the beach to go fishing. xo
A great reminder
That blows! Get yourself a pack of the relaxing tea stuff and let the stress leave you.
Meh I don't try to change other people.  It's their journey.  Not that I run from the past but I have chosen to leave all those doors closed
You're an inspiration. 
