-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f1yfp/routine_maintenance/

Just wanted to write out some thoughts today. I'm feeling so great about what I'm doing and have maintained a positive outlook unlike past quit attempts. One thing that has made this last month easier was creating a new routine for myself and filling my days with healthy activities. Here's some changes I've made:..- I wake up and go to bed at the same time every day. I love sleep. It's especially satisfying after years of booze messing with my sleep patterns. I also try and eat meals and exercise around the same time every day. A good routine takes away guesswork. ..- To prevent decision fatigue I stick to a pretty boring but reliable diet of chicken breast rice fruit eggs coffee and La Croix. Usually on weekends I'll deviate from this but having my food predetermined is a good way to stay on track and prevent cravings for alcohol ..- I started showering at night. This is an odd one but I've always taken showers in the morning. And this made sense when I was passing out drunk the night before. Yet I love the feeling of ending my day with a hot shower and slipping into bed as clean as a whistle. ..- I joined a gym. I was shocked to find a membership for only $10 a month. Exercise is a huge help for my anxiety and sense of well being...- I read alcohol recovery books (this naked mind 30 day sobriety solution) memoirs of influential people who quit drinking (Drinking: a love story unwasted Scar tissue Blackout) watch YouTube videos about quitting drinking (Alcohol Mastery) scroll through and post on SD and have even attended a few AA meetings. I'm using as many tools as I can. ..And one of the most important to me:..- I stopped worrying about my social life. I've relapsed because of FOMO several times so this was a conscience decision on my part. It's not that I won't socialize. I've already been to several events where alcohol was present and did fine. But I stopped judging myself for staying in on a Friday or calling myself a loser for not having a lot of friends. I have the rest of my life to find my footing socially. To protect my sobriety now I'm going slow with coming out of the wilderness. ..I know this list is similar to what a lot of people have done to get a good start on a new direction in life. If you are just starting out don't pressure yourself into making huge changes all at once. The further away you get from that last drink the easier it will be to incorporate good habits. But you should start working on an initial plan of action and utilize whatever works for you in the moment not to drink. ..Cheers to a great sober Saturday!
----------immediate responses--------

I love your list &amp; your attitude! We actually have a pretty similar routine going! I've found I'm really just eating the same things each day cause I don't feel like making all sorts of decisions. Totally agree on the showering st nite! I love crawling into a clean bed with clean pj's after showering. I find I'm looking forward to it like I used to the drinks! I'll still shower in the morning most days....but the big difference is that I dint HAVE to. When I was drinking it was mandatory to shower to wash the booze off me &amp; try to become somewhat human again! ..Keep up the great work &amp; I won't drink with you today!
Thanks for sharing.  I like the idea of making a schedule down on paper.  I won't drink with you today.
Awesome! I also do the same thing with my diet (chicken rice bananas broccoli and oatmeal every day with sweets on the weekend as a treat for hitting workout goals that I justify because I'm not spending Saturday and Sunday drinking those calories) and also have gotten much better about coming to terms with having an uneventful social life. I get out for birthdays and my friends are still cool with me and supportive of me not drinking but it doesn't bother me anymore to see them posting pics and snaps from brunch (I used to get sad about not being included on the group texts but now I just smile at their happiness then get back to reading which makes me happy)...Keep up the great work. 
Thank you for your post. It really helped me!! The whole social scene is pretty scary for me-fearing I'll relapse. Love your diet and just ordered some La Croix. Simplicity breeds happiness.
This. I need to do this. 
Great tips - I really like giving ourselves a break socially for awhile - like you said no pressure that will come with time 
