-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f4eh3/day_3_and_the_crushing_anxiety/

I relapsed and went on a week-long bender that wound me up in the hospital.  Today is the end of day 3 and the anxiety just does not seem to want to go away.  Its not like I'm waiting on the other shoe to drop.  Any consequences to be paid have been paid (minus the ER bill).  I just have an unexplained nagging feeling in my gut and an overwhelming amount of regret.  Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Won't drink with you tonight. Keep your head up.
I was very anxious this early in sobriety. That's why I needed lots of support from a therapist and AA. After abusing alcohol for years I couldn't expect my brain and body to find balance after a few days or weeks. Exercise meditation and breathing exercises helped. ..Regret is normal too. I was told to focus on the present moment and not the past right now. When I am sober the changes are less likely that I will engage in behavior that I will feel shame and regret about. ..I'm glad you're here /u/RPangerandacceptance!
I remember those awful anxiety-ridden days so well. It will get better; hang in there!
Have you talked to the doctor?  S/he might be able to help you out.
I am on day one again. Thanks for the advice. I wish I could get to a therapist but I am leaving the country for two weeks. I will stay plugged in here for support.   
Hey fellow relapser here! Vitamin b &amp; htp 5 always really help me especially in the first few days when I feel like my mind just won't settle on any one thing for longer than 4 seconds. I'm not drinking with you tonight and from past experiences I know it does get better so hang on in there!
Glad you are back.  I have been doing breathing exercises too. In through the nose .  Then I try and get a little more air in.  Hold it.  Slowly release through the mouth.  Rinse repeat. I won't drink with you today.  
i used to feel that way after a good bender....but then cover all the anxiety and guilt with more booze....just ride it out and you should be fine in a few days.....dont blame yourself too much!....as once most of heavier drinkers us start drinking  we loose control and get badly messed up sometimes.....stay sober and you will be a-ok soon!
B vitamins and magnesium are helpful for anxiety. Did a doc prescribe you any medication while in the hospital or after? Sounds like you are experiencing withdrawal symptoms. 
