-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f4ioj/does_a_slip_create_a_complete_reset_for_most/

I slipped nearly a week ago with 57 days under my belt. I didn't let it get the best of me and haven't had any since. Now the day after I had a hangover and plenty of anxiety over it. Since then though it feels like I have picked up where I left off at 57 days. Drinking thoughts still pop up but nothing like the first week. Sometimes I wonder if I needed that relapse to keep me in check. Anyway I'm not drinking tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for getting right back on track.  I've been finding that my slips are becoming less and less frequent and if they happen they're of the single drinking episode variety.  So it sounds like we're both making progress.  
I had a slip up a few weeks back myself.  My thinking is a few months sober with a small slip up is waaaaaay better than when I drank every single day.   Just got up and back on the horse.  Still going strong one day at a time.  Sounds like you're doing the same bro! Keep it up!
Depends a slip can become a full blown relapse and end in jail hospital or grave.   (Have seen it happen)..Or it can be a wake up call - an indication that recovery is more than just putting a few sober days together.
Progress not perfection! ..Works in all aspects of life. Not just sobriety! 
I consider my slip a reset in that I had lost my way in thinking picking up was a good idea. Now did I lose knowledge? Did it reset my brain completely? No. If anything I'm wiser now to the tricks my Beast will pull and now I will deny it that pleasure more effectively 
By the definition on here my only way of drinking is by "slipping" My pattern is to be sober for somewhere between a week and a month get completely trashed one night perhaps doing something stupid and perhaps not. I then wake up in the morning deal with whatever consequences I have created for myself and stay sober for another period of time. Every time I drink I risk my own and possibly someone else's life. I reset my count every time I decide to drink.
I am glad you are back.  I'm not drinking tonight either.
In the past I made the mistake of treating a slip as though it was the end of the world. Instead of picking myself up and getting back off it I'd carry on drinking and make things worse. 
I found that Slip ups can be learning experiences and integral to recovery.
