-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f8jlz/fell_off_again/

CHRONIC relapser. I hate HATE HATE booze. Fuck. Got drunk got high fell bruised my knees hung out with weirdos spent a bunch of money same fucking story every fucking time. I feel like there are two people in me and I don't want that alcoholic me ANYMORE. I AM SO FRUSTRATED WITH MYSELF. And I never learn my lesson. Feeling really really sad right now. :(
----------immediate responses--------

Oh boy if I could count the numerous times this story has hit home with me...it would be over a hundred relapses plus. I completely understand where you're coming from as it has happened to me so many times it is embarrassing. I quit I fuck up and I mean I fuck up worse than the time before. I hang out with people I would never bat an eye at do really dumb shit (think drugs) and then have the "buyer's remorse" when I run out. It's a vicious cycle and I fucking hate it as well. I feel like I never learn but making a plan for at least one day of sobriety makes it a win...I always allow myself to feel the sadness and guilt because getting it out at face-value keeps the long-term from spilling over from me and causing another relapse. I'd give you a hug if I could but just know we're all in this together. I've been there and I'm sure a lot of us can say the same; that's just what makes me an alcoholic I cannot stop myself once it starts and every relapse bodes more and more chronic temptation (shit I'd never normally do gets more and more dangerous)...I'm glad you're here and I will not drink with you today.
I'm a chronic relapser too.  I'm right where you are at this very moment.  Day 1.  I'm glad I found this community to share with.  You'll get through it.  In 2 weeks the memory will sting less always does.  But let's face it we cannot drink at all.
I've read a lot of stories on the thread like yours.  It is all up to you.  There are a lot of tools to help learn new skills to cope with life and get through the ups and downs and love life.  AA Smart Recovery has online meetings.  You can do this.  Since you say "Chronic relapser" that means you have had a lot of success quitting.  Isn't that great?  Now the trick is don't take the first sip and you are golden.  I won't drink with you today.
