-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f8tlz/sponsoraa_question_if_you_arent_aa_please/

I've relapsed a few times and I have some AA experience. I've gotten up to step four before I relapsed. I am now 7 days sober and my sponsor is hounding me to continue my 4th step. Although I feel like im having a good day today and whenever I start working on the 4th step I get pretty discontent it's not fun stuff. I feel like 7 days is too early. And other AAs have recommended otherwise. This sponsor is a Big Book thumper as well. "If you don't do x y z you are going to relapse etc". What do you guys think?
----------immediate responses--------

I can only tell you my experience which is that I basically just do whatever my sponsor tells me to do. She has more experience staying sober than I do so I trust that she's telling me the right thing. ..Writing out a 4th step is tough for sure. I had to think about a lot of stuff I reaaallllyyyy didn't want to think about it made me very uncomfortable. But the only way out was through - the resentments I'd been sitting on were going to make me drink again I had to get them down on paper to start moving past them...What I ended up doing was making a pact with myself to write down at least 5 a day. There were some days that I was literally in bed ready to go to sleep when I remembered I hadn't done them - and I'd pull out my notebook and write them down. Some days I wound up doing more... I'd usually aim for like 3 easier ones and 2 tough ones to help me push through...A hard experience for sure but it saved my life! I hope this helps feel free to ask me any other questions.
I'm on Step 3 and my sponsor sounds a lot like yours getting you through the steps is the one thing they are supposed to be doing so if you don't want to do the steps why are you working with a sponsor? Or you could try to find someone else if you need them to go at a slower pace. i'm not sure what the protocol is for relapsed people - it's not as if you start all over at the beginning right?
Steps 4&amp;5 cured me of the desire to drink. I did it wife a trained therapist after 2 months of therapy and about 8 months of sobriety. 
I think as far as AA goes everyone's program is their own to work on. What worked for yur sponsor may not work for you. What keeps one person sober could drive another to drink. Listen to yourself.
As for my experience  I took suggestions and dove right into step work. I was about a week out of a 30 day rehab when I started step 4 but unlike you I had no previous experience with the program. I simply agreed to sit down without any distractions and work 30 minutes a day on it. That seemed pretty reasonable to me. Working on step four without a doubt produced the biggest changes in my worldview. ..I figured I would always be somewhat resistant to the idea of sitting down to do step four so for me it was best to get it over with. I found that once I committed and got to work it was a lot less scary or uncomfortable than I had made it out to be in my head. ..
I like most of us had a hard time starting step 4. When I've struggled with a step I have found it is useful to look at the previous step to see if I need to work on that more. Having spent time working on step 3 and nurturing that commitment and hope can be helpful with the challenge of step 4. Good luck.
7 days is entirely too early to work on your fourth step. You're still a 'newcomer' and have barely had time to admit your powerlessness and unmanageability. I'd tell your sponsor to slow it down because you're not ready for it.
Only you can decide.  ..Reading what you wrote it could be that the 4th step is a great opportunity to get some of the "stuff" out.  I feel better when I clean emotional and psychic garbage out.  I'm lighter...If my sponsor has been supportive and helpful I take advice and direction.
Does your sponsor know that you have recently relapsed?..If you fee like you are too early in sobriety to be doing the 4th step I think you should be honest and look for a new sponsor if necessary. 
Don't have a sponsor not "working the steps".  Doing just fine.
