-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f97sg/relapsed_now_going_to_rehab/

Been secretly relapsing off and on lately.  Came to a head with a bit of a mental break and now I'm heading to rehab.  It's honestly something I should have done a while ago.  Called them on Friday (after calling in sick; my PTO just renewed) meeting with an admissions advisor tomorrow and they said they would have a spot open Tuesday.  Sold some investments and hoping I can have the money in time :(  (dumb non business weekends!). I just want to get there asap.  My stomach is in knots that they will say I can't get in now...Sent in an emergency medical leave of absence on Friday to work and still haven't heard back.  But at this point I don't care.  ..I think my biggest thing I did wrong is not being honest.  Even after everyone in my life have begged me to let them know if I'm thinking about relapsing I still couldn't bring myself to do it.  Hoping I can work on skills to get over that fear.  I stopped taking care of myself to a certain extent so I'm really looking forward to having a month where I can focus on myself and get back on track.
----------immediate responses--------

Different if you want to think so but I just did the same thing with meth and let me tell you finding people you can talk to and actually talking to them when you feel like relapsing is very very helpful. Seriously best wishes and luck with your rehab.
Wishing you the best of luck. 
What you described in your second paragraph is why it's so important for me to have a network of sober people who I can call to talk whenever things like that come up. Family members have had a rough go of it and if they haven't experienced it themselves may not be in a position to offer nonjudgmental support. I went to AA meetings got phone numbers and actually used them. I haven't thought about taking a drink for a few years now. I think a large part of this is because I'm willing to pick up the phone and talk about life stuff. When I don't keep things to myself those things don't  fester and grow to the point where it feels like the only possible solution is to take a drink.  Good luck in rehab.  I had a great experience when I went.  
Rehab was one of my best decisions. You are fortunate to have the opportunity. Rehab provided a safe place to stabilize and focus on my own issue. It got me started on a lifetime of recovery. I wish you the best! 
