-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fa2th/trading_one_vice_for_anotherseeking_advice/

I have recently stopped drinking....I am on day 12 and it feels amazing. So much clarity positivity and happiness. I am loving life without alcohol..One aspect of my life has changed tough other addictions and temptations are taking part. I quit tobacco years ago from dipping and cigarettes. I enjoy a good cigar every once in awhile but now I find myself craving tobacco and wanting to smoke more cigars sober. ..Also unhealthy foods are much more tempting helping to feel that instant satisfaction like drinking...Has anyone else struggled with this in the first few weeks or months getting sober?
----------immediate responses--------

What you describe is a common problem. I craved sweets and eating them also helped with cravings. ..I smoked for awhile but my father and younger sister smoked and died from lung cancer so I fought the urge and stopped...There is a something called "cross addiction" which you might explore.
Oh yes YES! I struggle with this all the time. My pleasure-center is actively insane. "Hey okay I'll let you be sober but now I want you to get fat." "No." "Okay let's get some nicotine in here then yea?" "NO!" "Okay how about a beer?" "Goddammit fuck off!"..Yes this is always how my sobriety goes. Gaining weight is usually a large part of why I always relapse (I lose weight when I drink). I have always had a problem in getting sober staying sober controlling my eating controlling my impulses etc. I feel like it's so much to bear at once. The harsh reality is that a lot of people in life deal with this day by day and they're just accustomed to being strong about it because they haven't replaced their effort with years and years of endless numbing. I found that I forgot how to "grow up" from my early twenties to now mid-30's because I avoided emotions with alcohol. Now I have to learn it all sort of like a crash course and take the trials and tribulations at face-value right now. It's kinda difficult to say the least so I completely understand your struggle friend!..Stay the course we can do this! I will not drink with you today!
As an ex-smoker I would personally never ever take another puff.  An old friend of mine who was sober and hadn't smoked cigs in 10-15 years was on vacation with his daughter and her boyfriend.  The boyfriend had a cigar and he figured why not?  Well that was 15 years ago and he is still smoking cigarettes last I heard a year or two ago.  Danger!  I'm never taking another puff of cigs.  Pot is ok.
Yes definitely. I found that my self soothing behavior moved from drinking excessively to eating excessively (I gained over 60 pounds) and shopping excessively (I spent a small fortune on my new photography hobby). That lasted the whole 1.5 years I was sober. It was discouraging.
Yes this is very common.  It's a process just roll with it.
Yeah. 100% over ate and the rest of it. The blessing is that it's more obvious and deal with able. So I got past these things and found new ones got past em found new ones. I'm still trying haha! It gets much better 
