-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fbhjf/im_5_days_away_from_a_year_and_week_52_sober_is/

CN: suicidal thoughts ..So.... I am 85% sure I am going to quit my job tomorrow. ..I'm ready to admit the toll it has taken on my mental health (among other causes). The pressure is going up and up. I hate being there. I watch the clock until 5:00 hits. I live for weekends and I get anxiety every Sunday night about showing up there. Most of my mental energy/focus is spent on not crying at my desk every 5 minutes. I almost started crying on the phone last Friday! I have struggled with my ADHD making me unable to focus or work fast or produce lots of work. My social anxiety makes me unable to call people and set up meetings. I work a 12-hour shift once a month due to an event that I run and the stress to make sure the event is *perfect* kind of breaks me every time. The night before last month's shift I thought to myself "I would rather kill myself than go in tomorrow."..I've gone on anxiety medication for the first time in my life. I haven't been eating or sleeping well. I have thoughts of self-harm for the first time ever as a sober person (had them all the time drinking of course). I came very close to picking up a pack of cigarettes yesterday (I quit those almost 4 years ago) and that's usually a sign that my addiction is flaring up. ..Last week I got a bad performance review and put on a performance improvement plan. The details of that plan will be determined (with my input) tomorrow. I'll have two months to improve or be fired. I can of course quit before that happens. ..Did I mention I am starting grad school in two months and am already taking an online pre-requisite class?!..Between my mental health struggles and the fact that at least half of my attention for the next two years is going to be devoted to school - I do not feel I can give any more to this job or function any better than I have been. ..So. I'm probably going to quit. Move in with my sick Mom to not only help take care of her (which I've been wanting to do) but save money and be able to work only part time. Focus on school and getting everything out of it I can. Focus on healing my mental health issues. Focus on getting a really solid recovery. ..I'm really scared to live a starving student lifestyle again (especially because I'm almost 30) but I think this is the best solution for my mental health. I don't want to be on a bunch of pills and I don't want to be a cutter again or a drinker again! And I don't want to just not go to grad school. I worked really hard to get in and it'll get me into the field (public health) that is my passion. ..Thanks for reading this far. Year 1 of sobriety has had many challenges - getting out of an abusive relationship Mom diagnosed with terminal illness all this BS at work - but so far I did not have to drink (or smoke or cut) through any of it. I'm amazed at that. SD and AA and whatever higher power(s) there might be get all the credit. ..Thanks for reading. I'm not drinking with y'all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sending you well wishes. This is a hard time...the dip is temporary and your job isn't everything...your health is! Focus your energy on getting through the dip and you'll be so damn strong on the other side...congrats on one year...you have a ton of respect from me at least.
Sending good vibes and positive energy your way Window! You got this!
Well done on doing what is best for you.  
You may want to highly consider meditation immediately.  I'm not sure if you've ever done it before but you definitely sound like a perfect case for it.  It will transform your life for the better if you take it seriously.  Especially if you're not drinking or working at a job that you hate.  You won't have overnight results however it will make the problems in your life more conquerable give you focus hope meaning and eventually joy and happiness.  There's a great book by the former war correspondent Dan Harris "10% Happier" that I would highly recommend downloading by audio book or reading asap.  I'll also attach a great clip from the show Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee where Jerry Seinfeld talks to Howard Stern about how meditation saved Stern's mother.  Good luck.
https://youtu.be/i82mTGe2arM
Being sober and happy is more important than any particular job. I wish you the best!
Well it sounds like quitting will be the best thing for you and I'm proud of you for staying sober and finding the courage to focus on your mental health and go back to school. I have my masters and there were tons of people in my classes older than 30! It seems like this will be really good for you to focus on your mental and physical health and to also help yourself professionally with going back to school. Congrats on the almost year sober I will not drink with you!
Sacrificing a lower monthly income to better myself and my recovery was the best decision I ever made. Good luck to you my sober friend! You got this!
YOU get the credit for a years' worth of healthy decisions. "SD and AA and whatever higher power(s) there might be" get credit for being there for you. ..And we're still all here for you as you continue to make healthy decisions for yourself. ..I'm sorry about your Mom. But congratulations on going to school. You seem to be an amazing person to me!! ..I will not be drinking with you today or this week! 
I relate to this so much. I feel you so much. I think given the circumstances you're making the right decision. It is so incredible that you were able to refrain from drinking smoking &amp; self-harm through such relentless stress. You are so powerful for that. It's wonderful you'll be there for your mom while also bettering yourself. I have so much respect for you. You've come so far and you've been fighting every day and you're still here. You're a survivor. I believe in you and your goals. Thank you so much for sharing. I will not drink in your honor today.
&gt; Move in with my sick Mom to not only help take care of her (which I've been wanting to do) but save money and be able to work only part time. Focus on school and getting everything out of it I can. Focus on healing my mental health issues. Focus on getting a really solid recovery...To me this sounds like a solid well-reasoned plan. Good luck to you today; I'll be thinking about you. Sending good vibes. :)
Good luck.  Sobriety will help.
I quit my job under stressful circumstances and I have not even ONCE regretted that decision! I'd rather be poorer than go back there. Something tells me you're making the right decision. .You're taking all the right steps and you've got SD for support too. .I wish you all the best - you got this! xxx.
When I read this without your dealings with anxiety I think this sounds like an amazing change. I'm really sorry that this is causing so much stress; I definitely get it. A career change school and the ability to save some money can really be wonderful for you and I'm excited for you! I know you can do this!!!
31 years old went back to school this year with the pay cut and lifestyle change that comes with it. It's not so bad! The extra time to work on self development is amazing.
I know you've got this! A soul-sucking job is just worth it...your sobriety your family your grad school plans are what life is all about. I became a starving grad student at age 40. I have no regrets. Sending positive vibes your way as you cruise into the date of your sober orbit around the sun :)))!
Dude. I feel these emotions so much. I was in a toxic soul-sucking unhealthy abusive job for three years and it was the reason my drinking got as bad as it did. I couldn't just quit because I had student loans and no safety net to fall back on if I was unemployed. Then Sunday morning I woke up and realized I couldn't go one more f*****g week into that place and I applied to 30 different jobs. A lot of tears feeling sorry for myself and applying haphazardly to all sorts of things. Then I finally got an interview. I took the first job that got back to me and it was the best decision I ever made. It wasn't in my career field but it was a new environment. It allowed me to get sober for my first time and get 60 days under my belt. My life completely changed. It's not my dream job but it was what I needed. I know everyone's circumstances are the same so maybe this doesn't apply to you. Just know it gets better. Even if you quit tomorrow it's better working a minimum wage position for a few weeks while finding a better job. This too shall pass. Sending good vibes your way.
Sounds like your bosses may not be aware of how stressful your job is. Maybe you could try and communicate this with them? Otherwise it is definitely time to quit. Im also almost 30 and quit my job 4 weeks ago due to my bosses piling on way to much work for what I was being paid. Im now starting a business and working on my own terms :) Its hard but will be worth it..Sending you good vibes I will not be drinking with you today..
From one almost 30 soon-to-be grad student to another: our mental and physical health are of the utmost importance right now if we're going to give this everything we've got. If this job isn't bringing you anything positive aside from a paycheque it isn't worth it - especially if there's an alternative. Focus on taking care of yourself and pursuing your passion. I can't say that I know what you're going through but I'm rooting for you. You've come so far! I hope you're proud of what you've accomplished.  .  .I won't be drinking with you today :) 
Shedding the soul sucking stress sounds like a tremendous blessing! It seems to me like you've got a plan that will work. You've got awesome opportunities ahead and for your sanity and sobriety is staying in the hellhole even possible in the short term? I'm sending you all the courage and self-love I didn't have a few years ago.  You've accomplished so much. Hang on tight. xxx
Sending good vibes.
*Oh you*...I am feeling proud for you -- it seems that you've really looked at all the components of this situation and the big picture and are thinking of making a decision that works best for the long term even if there are drawbacks in the short term.  From this old lady's perspective...30 is not too old and it may be a gift for both you and your mom if you're able to be with her during this time.  Grad school is temporary and you've got lots of life and career ahead of you -- *especially if you keep you in the forefront of the decisions.*  Good for you for being strong; carry on.  I'm sending lots of good juju...keep us posted!
Sending you good thoughts. I won't drink with you today. Take care. 
Congrats on the soon to be year and being so self aware and thought out.  Thank you for sharing.
Please don't take this the wrong way but you're ONLY 30. It doesn't sound like this job would survive grad school anyway. Do your best to walk through the fear of change you have already decided you need. Your gut is right listen to it (and your sponsor if you have one). You sound like you have a lot going for you and I'll be rooting for you. Cheers. 
You sound so strong! Drinking never helped my anxiety or ability to do schoolwork and I imagine you'll agree. Best of luck!
I'm a 35 year old male single father college student. ..I quit my job back in October for a variety of reasons.  I was so worried about it. ..  how would I survive?  ..Well I have survived and I'm still surviving.   I don't regret the decision at all.  It hasn't been easy but I'm doing it.
Congrats. Keep it up. 
This is really inspiring. You've had to deal with so much and your sobriety is still so important to you and you're doing it. You're still doing it. It's so easy to think I can't stop because things are bad. I should tear a page outta your book...Thanks for sharing. :)
 If you can help yourself and spend time and help your ailing mother that is wonderful.  I agree with you that job sounds like it is not worth the grief. I wish you all the best.  I won't drink with you today.
