-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fdeyy/i_have_faith_but_dont_believe_it_wanna_quit/

Greetings mates and gals. That line is from The National one band that keeps my depression at bay and collectively writes like he's a guy struggling with alcoholism. Song is "don't swallow the cap" (quite befitting). I've had problems with alcohol for nearly 7-10 years. Depends when we start counting (25 now) and without all the preamble ; I'm now at the stages of I can't keep a job without my ptsd anxiety or depression fucking with me displaced (thankfully got a roof over my head)  excessive drinking on the down time. 3x 12 abv% and a pint of 40 proof liquor to either stop shaking and sweats or just to sleep. But I'm tired of the merry go round. Get a few weeks or months then find a reason to drink. Function awhile. Crash and burn. Rise like a phoniex and then can't stay off. ..Tried AA on and off for 4 years. It's just not for me. I'm a different faith and don't like how pushy each meeting I go to is and also science based thinking; to me there's no higher power or god; the universe works through entropy. Good on those that found it and it saved their lives I'm happy for all you but outside NYC and not easy to travel to for me I can't find groups besides AA and this Christian dogma. Met some nice people too I won't lie. It's just not a line of thinking I can get on and keep on. And now I'm looking st my life like I really wanna just put this shit totally down and be done with it and my faith system encourages that and is a good support but it's like I'm not making the choice and commitment. I feel like I need some advice and I can't be the only one that wasn't onboard with step one-2 (higher powers idea) and beat the demon by their own stubbornness hehe... ..At this point I don't feel like it'll get better and I'll waste away into a gutter and ditch as resources run out. The surviving family and friends are tired of it (don't blame them) living out of kindness. And just got inspired by a few souls and convos opportunities like "buddy this is it! Get it together or lose 20 years"  I heard doing shit in your own is incredibly harder and the fail rate is so much higher. But if you don't gel with the group or hearing people speak ends up (with me after buying a drink cause that was some sad she I heard) it doesn't help much...Did an IOP about two years back and that helped me stay sober 7 months with therapy but they all just say the same thing don't pick up! Got me for a lot of money there... ..I suppose there isn't any miracle words in fact I know there isn't. But I really wanna make a full day and a full year and means to do it so if you got anything I'm all ears and hope I haven't offended anyone. Thank you 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello Lotus. AA is not for me either I actualy found it detrimental to my well-being. But I'm glad if it works for others...I attended my first SMART Recovery meeting online last night and really found it helpful. Everything is logic and science based and driven by empowerment and conscious choice...There are online forums for the USA Australia and UK and between them there is a meeting daily. You attend as much or as little as you want to. They have some great tools to work through...I'll leave you the link if you would like to take a look. I've found this sub extremely supportive and check in here every day to make my pledge. You are not alone...http://www.smartrecovery.org/
I needed support from others.  "Beating the demon" on my own ended up beating me...I use AA for the support I get.  For the fellowship.  For the group of people who care about me and my sobriety...I don't embrace the dogma.  I look at the inherent principles...Higher Power does not have to be a Magical White Haired Dude in the sky...The "principle" is to acknowledge that "I'm not all powerful" that "I'm not in control" and that actually I surrender that *I control alcohol*...Surrender wasn't in my vocabulary.  I had convinced myself that my Willpower got me everything I had and had earned.  ..That was the first lie I had to confront.  ..Secondly I am NOT all powerful.  There are plenty of things more powerful than me...I am however MORE powerful than ALL the alcohol in the world that is *Outside My Body*.  Once it's inside me it is more powerful than me.  ..So I needed support network to learn how to keep it outside of me.  I didn't have to embrace a new religion.  I didn't have to go to "someone else's church".  I didn't have to believe what someone else believed......just as they don't have to believe what I believe...But I did need fellowship...It worked..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
Not sure how to do it on mobile 
Alan Carr's Easyway to Control Alcohol really helped me. For me it is all about being logical in my decision to not drink. There needs to be a solid "why" behind the decision not to drink I can't do it on belief permanently. That book really helped me. It isn't a long read and is also on audiobook. 
