-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fe7oq/ive_decided_to_quit_today_after_getting_black_out/

I was drinking alone in my apartment as I often do and I really really overdid it this time. All I remember is crying; I don't remember the suicidal messages I sent to my boyfriend. Naturally he was very scared for me and tried to call me (he lives far away so we have to travel to see each other) but I passed out shortly after and when I woke up I was shocked and embarrassed by what I had written. I didn't even know I had that in me. I sounded so desperate angry at the world and hopelessly sad. I've been struggling with depression for the last few years and I'm finally on medication for it but I didn't realize just how bad it was...Then I went to work with a horrible hangover. I'm a nurse so working while hungover was extremely irresponsible. I never drink heavily the day before a shift for that reason. I'm grateful that no one could smell the alcohol; I could lose my license for that...This was 3 days ago. Even after all that I couldn't resist drinking after my shift yesterday. And things have been very awkward between my boyfriend and I. He sounds like he's not so sure that he wants this anymore and I don't blame him but it breaks my heart. I need to quit. It's becoming harder and harder for me to resist drinking and I need to stop now before I sink even deeper into this addiction.
----------immediate responses--------

sounds like you have a good idea about what you need to do. Alcohol being a depressant and all makes it dangerous in my opinion to mix with depression. I have been working on sobriety for 2 1/2 years. I found I had to make a plan to stay sober. And then whenever I relapsed I discovered I had to change or add something to my plan because it failed. I have come up with a combination of meds groups exercise  calling someone when I am tempted to drink a list of all the stupid things I have done and reasons not to drink that I read whenever I think of drinking therapy and AA to help with my PTSD and alcoholism. I also did some time in rehab recently which really helped me on this journey. Keep coming back is something I live by.
I did this the last couple of times I drank ranting on to my wife about life not worth living about just ending up in the ground feeling so ashamed upon waking and not remembering not wanting to...it's such an awkward place.  Anyhow I've been addressing underlying depression issues and seems to be working.  Couple things I've been doing..1. Cognitive behavioral therapy basically remapping internal dialogue..2. Vitamins: D B and St Johns.3. practicing detachment and mindfulness.4. Not drinking.
Fight hard. It's worth it. 
I hate that shameful feeling the next morning. I've had many mornings like that you are not alone. You can do this everyone in this sub is here for support. I will not drink with you today.
It took me a very long time to commit to sobriety even when I realized that it was starting to become a major problem in my life.  Over the years I started to get more and more emotional when I drank. The last time I drank I apparently sobbed for hours--I have no memory of it and only a fuzzy idea of what I was upset about. You deserve sobriety. Talking candidly about my struggles with my husband has helped me a lot--both to keep me accountable and to process the root causes of my alcoholism. 
I had a similar experience before I quit. In retrospect it was clearly a cry for help but it was just ignored it wasn't until I decide enough was enough myself that I started to make progress. I'm at 391 days now and let me tell you this is the most emotionally stable most creative probably the best time of my life right now. It's a long journey but you got this! Best advice I got and what worked for me was dedicating myself to learning something new. The sense of pride it gives you really helps get over all the shame I was carrying around with me. It made me want to push myself harder to get better and better and leave my old life behind. You can do it! 
Come on in the water is warm:) This is a great place for support.  A good starting point for many is the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. There is a link to the free download of the book in the margin.  I won't drink with you today.  Congrats on the first day of the rest of your beautiful life!
I know this is difficult but at least you realized that you don't want to be THAT unstable person who goes on a drunken suicidal rant. Several embarrassing incidents I had a few months ago really propelled me to make the change. When I think of them now they are cringe worthy but a good reminder of what I do not want to go back to. ..Even if you can't save this relationship at least you'll be more present for the next one that comes along...
Oh wow--you sound just like me. I had a similar experience this weekend: drank too much alone at my house had an emotional breakdown (which were becoming common occurrences for me while drinking) and ranted about suicide to one of my best friends and an acquaintance I don't know very well at ALL  via text message. That happened Wednesday night and I still drank through the weekend having another crying fit on Friday night after posting cryptic Facebook status updates about not wanting to live anymore. ..I'm one day sober with you. We can do this. I will not drink with you today.
We cannot change the past friend. You have made a good call and whatever happened to get you here is done. Best wishes on your road to recovery. I sincerely hope you succeed. 
This quote helped me in the beginning..." We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons."..Jim Rohn..
I had more than one of these episodes with more than one boyfriend. It unfortunately doesn't get better. Sobriety is the best gift you could possibly give yourself. You know that other person isn't the real you. You got this. Sending good vibes your way. 
I woke up with a huge hangover on Saturday morning. I left my phone in the cab lost my messenger bag my wife was crying because i got home at 4am. It was horrible. What i'm trying to do now is keep a part of this hangover feeling with me at all times in case i ever want to drink again. Stay strong and grow from this. You can beat this! I won't drink with you today.
Ahh the shameover. Yes of course you should quite and be clean and all. BUT that is often difficult. What is your drink of choice? Maybe switch it up. Getting that drunk on beer or coolers is difficult. Wine or booze not so much. I switched to sipping hard liquor which for me worked.  Wine I would just pound like it was water. Obviously not good. 
