-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fej2v/i_must_stop_looking_at_every_set_back_as_utter/

I've been posting a lot more in this sub recently due to guilt related to a recent relapse. It's been weighing heavy on my psyche for a good week now. Long story short i went on vacation and let loose on a two day bender. I was a little worse for ware there for a couple days but now i'm back home and back on track. I've thought a lot about what led to this recent bender and i've landed on a few things. Being recently sober i've found routine to be crucial to my success. I was so happy with my 86 days i let it distract me from the fact that i was a sober newborn. To put it in perspective since i began drinking at 18 86 days is equivalent to 3% of my entire drinking career. The grooves in my brain are still that of an alcoholic. Not to downplay my short term success in forming positive habits because they have already yielded awesome results but i must remember this stuff takes time. Hopefully with a little resilience and focus i can string together another 86 days and many more after that. I'm still upset with my little misstep but i wont let it eat away at me.  
----------immediate responses--------

You deserve a lot of credit for coming right back.  What you're doing is amazing and it sounds like you've even learned something from it.  To me it sounds like you're doing great.  I won't drink with you today!
That's a great way to look at it. Every set back is an opportunity to learn. I've had a lot of stumbles but I've learned something new each time: why I drink how it makes me feel why I want to be sober etc. Please be kind to yourself--you deserve a lot of credit for getting right back up again.
That's incredibly tough. Good job getting right back on the wagon. I'm feeling awful about ruining my 8 day streak I can imagine losing 86 would be a tough setback. But setbacks are temporary and you've got a great perspective...I won't drink with you today!
This is great.
So you've been drinking 7.854 years?  Well I wish I quit 8 years in.  Go you!  Set backs are part of the learning process in my eyes.  I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for posting this. Sometimes the idea of a weekend away bender enters my mind to be honest. Away from the kids  no one would have to know about it... but your honesty makes me realize that it would not be worth it. I would still know and the idea of having to reset this darn badge would really piss me off! Amazing the power of that little number. .Glad you are back and not drinking with you today!
