-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ff9e2/fell_off_the_wagon_hard_this_weekfeeling/

Ugh. I have been wanting to get my drinking under control for a few weeks and I had been doing really well! Until this week. ..I don't know what in my brain makes me want to drink but it feels like I can go all day telling myself "you don't want to drink you are not going to drink tonight" and before I know it I've changed my own mind and Im back to drinking. It scares me too because its not just drinking for one night I drank the whole week and went right back to my old habits of hiding bottles stealing alcohol from roomies and frantically trying to replace it before anyone notices or drinking in my car so no one will see. ..The final straw came when I was staying as a guest in a new friends house and proceeded to be the only one in the group of people to get falling-down blackout drunk. Of course I can't remember any of it but I feel so embarrassed and ashamed. Its pushing my close friends away and I don't know what to tell them. I don't know how to tell someone I think my drinking is out of control or even if I should. One of my closest friends identifies as another kind of addict and I think she is realizing whats happening but I feel so ashamed to even talk to her about it. I feel like it will change how people look at me...... I feel like I should go to a meeting or something but I don't know if thats what I should do because I don't feel like a fell blown alcoholic yet but I could easily see myself getting to that point. Would an AA meeting help? ..After this last disaster of a week I realize that this has way more power over me than I had originally thought and I can't do this just by myself. I need outside help/support to get control of this. Any suggestions or advice would be great. ..I'm feeling really crappy and low from the events of the weekend but hopefully this is my last "first day- post relapse" feeling for a very very long time!
----------immediate responses--------

First of all it takes strength to get right back up and not give up.  So please don't be hard on yourself because you're doing a great thing...What helped me a lot was finding out why I drank so I could avoid those situations or figure out how to handle them better...&gt; I don't feel like a fell blown alcoholic yet..I spent countless years drinking because I didn't either so I didn't ask for help.  Even when I knew I needed it because on my own I kept drinking.  Ditching the label helped me a lot.  It doesn't matter if I call myself an alcoholic or a polka-dotted martian.  I wanted to stop drinking and I couldn't do it on my own.  I came here for help others go to meetings of various kinds or both or something else.  But it really helped me to admit that I wanted to stop and what I was doing wasn't working...You deserve a lot of praise for what you're doing.  I think you're awesome for not quitting and I won't drink with you today!
It was comforting to be in a room with people who understand. AA helped me a great deal. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking; you have that. 
Hiding bottles driving drunk blacking out and this doesn't feel full blown?  What would full blown be? I find it helpful instead of saying I'm NOT going to drink or whatever to say I'm going to take a walk bake a cake organize my drawers.  Shift the attention elsewhere and within a minute that craving has rolled by.  Surf the wave.  I won't drink with you today.
I don't find labels that helpful. Whatever you want to call your drinking you sound frightened and like you want something to change. Checking out a meeting or an addiction counsellor or even asking your friend for help could be a good start. 
When I was hiding my drinking swearing not to drink but still drinking and waking up humiliated after yet another blackout in front of friends and family AA helped me tremendously...It still does. Everyone there did what I did. 
I don't think labels like Alcoholic really help either because I always have the real bad cases in mind the ones who drink around the clock drunks on the street and I am nowhere near. But does that make me less addicted to Ethanol? No. I am addicted to ethanol like everyone on here everyone in AA. And the reason I know that I am addicted is that in the morning I's decide not to drink and at night I would sit there with a bottle of wine nearly empty. And somehow I felt I simply had no control and just could not stop. I never hid alcohol never blacked out never stole never binge drank but still I am addicted because my mind wants alcohol. .Since stopping 2 weeks ago I feel so good so proud of myself no despair and no guilt. I have cravings but somehow this time I really wanted it. .Working up to it I have:.. Read The easy way to control alcohol by Allen Carr.. Read this naked mind by Annie Grace .. Done Alcohol meditations on YouTube .. Listened to quit alcohol hypnosis on YouTube .These things have helped me shift my perception of Alcohol. And they helped me see how my life would be with alcohol and how my life would be without alcohol. And really playing both scenarios out in my head has helped me so much. .Right now I am looking into SMART online meetings as they are supposed to be more scientific than religious. .Wishing you the best of luck and I will not drink with you today. 
