-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ffzje/viewing_relapse_as_a_sign_of_positive_growth/

I'm a long time lurker first time poster...I've been a weekend binge drinker since I was in my early twenties I've gone through many sober periods during that time but had been drinking pretty consistently the last couple years. I was sober during april and may but relapsed and have been on a daily drinking binge the last couple weeks...Today I came across a really interesting youtube video that was just posted by a woman named Teal Swan concerning addiction and relapse. I'm not generally a spiritual person and she was obviously approaching the subject from a spiritual angle but the basic idea was that relapse generally occurs after a period of great growth and improvement because we're essentially moving on to the next stage of healing. We've conquered the first layer of our addiction and are now ready to look at other layers of our addiction and other hidden issues. She suggested healing from addiction doesn't take place in a linear fashion so relapses aren't a sign that the person is moving backwards they are just at a point in their healing where they need to experience going back into their addiction and coming out again in order to move forward...I found that to be a very unique and positive outlook on relapse and instead of feeling guilty for relapsing as I usually would on day 1 and wondering what the point of trying to stay sober is I'm actually excited to get back to sobriety and feeling grateful for the learning experience I had over the last 2 weeks. ..I don't know if this is a very common idea in recovery and I've just never heard it before but I hope someone else finds this concept as helpful as I did.
----------immediate responses--------

You will read here and almost every other recovery related sub site and group that "relapse is a normal part of recovery"...The fact is tbat it does not need to be. I relapsed many many times over decades of not staying sober. That does not mean you or any one else has to. I relapsed mainly because I really just did not want to stop drinking. Many get sober and stay sober the first try this sub is a testament to that. Over the years I have been here I have seen many people vow to get and stay sober and make a year or more sober the first time. ..Many others will never make it a month. Of those that don't many will repeat over and over that "relapse is normal". Unfortunately "relapse is a normal part of recovery" is often said the Monday after "a drinking event I just could not avoid but really really intended to not drink at".  Does this sound harsh? Probably. Alas it is something to give some consideration to. **Relapse does not need to be a part of recovery. Drinking is always a choice.** 
I see a lot of chronic relapsers in the rooms.  They can get away with it.   I can't I don't have another recovery in me.  I hope one day they get what I've got.
I think excusing relapse behavior takes away too much of my own personal responsibility in my recovery. Sometimes drinking or not drinking is the ONLY thing in my life I actually seem to have control over.
I can't discount the fact that relapse may be a sign of positive growth.  If the alternative is feeling bad about one's self in turn leading to a sense of despondency and then more drinking I think it's much better and more effective to view things in a positive light.  I'm firmly in the "whatever works" school.  That said I will not relapse with you today! 
I like this way of thinking and it gives me hope. On the other hand I also worry the worse part of my mind can take something like this and make it "okay" to relapse. But then again that worse part of my mind can find ANY way to justify drinking if it wants to. Finding ways to be positive is a little harder...Thanks for sharing. :)
For me it was just a learning process.  8 day ones was enough for me to realize I am delighted to be done and move on with my life.  I'm not into getting deep and dwelling in the why's and wherefores.  I want to move on carving out my groovy new life sans the wine.  I won't drink with you today.
I see posts here often where people put a positive spin on relapse. Maybe they do learn something from the experience or maybe it just helps to be positive in order to move on. I would encourage and support anybody coming back from a relapse I know how hard it can be but I personally don't think they have to be part of the process...I spent two years prior to my current sobriety trying to quit. I would have called myself a chronic relapser or maybe a false starter. I could tell myself that I learned something from all those times I drank again. But when I'm honest with myself I didn't need to drink again to see that I still had a problem with alcohol I knew that already it's why I had made the decision to quit in the first place. I drank again because I wanted to drink. I can only speak for myself when I say that I view relapse as absolutely devastating and unnecessary. It just kept me drinking longer and in misery than I needed to be.
[removed]
