-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fjo4o/i_dont_know_exactly_what_im_doing_herebut_i_need/

Like many of you I have spent months reading this subreddit. I thought I could come here in my sober moments and collect some sage advice to tuck away when feeling low and wanting to drink. But that hasn't helped. I've reached what I consider rock bottom. ..I am 28 years old and I am an alcoholic. ..I started drinking because I hated myself and I just wanted to not wake up. I'm on prescriptions medications for depression and I would drink like a fish most nights hoping that I wouldn't wake up the next day. My husband and I have been having marital issues (primarily due to me) and I really took everything to the extreme. If I can provide a bit of a backstory because I don't feel like I have anyone else to talk to tonight:..My husband and I have been together for 11 years. And I felt very unhappy. Like he didn't love me. He's not a very talkative or 'feeling' sort of fellow so I took that to mean that he didn't love me. That combined with a few other things I don't care to get into at the moment. ..I asked for a separation and went to live with my dad. ..Last night I'd had a couple glasses of wine and we got into an argument. He broke my phone. Yelling ensued. Cops showed up. He got taken to jail. ..I feel like my whole world is turned upside down. I watched the best human being I know be carted away in hand cuffs because I was a drunken ass. ..Obviously there are more details than I am putting down but long story somewhat short: I've been a selfish ass. I've been drinking to put myself out of my misery but he had to deal with every painful moment of it. I just cannot imagine how horrible this all must be for him and then to be arrested as well. He went to court this morning and they placed a no contact order between us despite me asking that it be lifted. ..I just...I don't know what to do you guys. I need to get my life in order. It seems so empty to say that I feel alone but I truly do. I had alcoholic parents growing up and I never imagined that I would become one but I can truly say that I have a problem and I don't know where to go from here. I did call my dad and he came over for a few hours and we talked about AA. He leads a group in AA meetings now and then and he said that I could come on Wednesday to see if I liked it. ..I have to change. I need this. I'm struggling tonight with the lowest I've ever felt and I just needed some support. Thank you so much for taking the time. I won't drink tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. The good news is that this can be the start of a new life. One thing that really helped me at first was writing down everything alcohol caused in my life. Everything I lost because of it every negative thing it made me every reason I knew I needed to stop. I then wrote down everything I can get back everything I want to become and everything I know I can do and be if I remain sober. I then read this over and over every time I felt like I needed a drink. 
The elevator only goes down but the good news is we can stop it and get off any time we want to! Rock bottom is when you decide to stop digging. I'm sorry you're going through all of these things right now. I always treated booze like it was medicine to me but in the end there's no doubt it was taking away much more than it ever provided. I hope you can find some peace for yourself you deserve it.     
Thank you. That makes me feel good to read that!   It's such a personal journey but we are not the only ones who are going through it. I'm rooting for you because I know what it's like.
That is great that your Dad can help you.  I'm happy that you decided to change.  Congratulations.  As the saying goes the alcohol doesn't help anything.  This too shall pass.  I won' t drink with you today.
