-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6flktz/no_hope_for_me/

There is no hope for me. When I am sober it's a complete struggle. I am highly medicated for all my mental health problems. When I drink I feel fine. This drink is fucking up my liver if it is not fucked already. I know I have a fatty liver. Not the word of my doctor. I must do. I'm fat and I'm and alcaholic. Maybe I am wrong but then again I could have cerrosis. It's on the cards.
----------immediate responses--------

How long have you been drinking ? It takes a long time to get liver disease. Sounds like you might be freaking yourself out. 
There is hope for you. You just gotta give it a chance and let your body and mind get back to normal being off the sauce. I have read many stories on here where people got off their medications after they gave sobriety a good chance and talking with a therapist. Also the liver will heal itself. I know mine is. Both my sides were hurting bad and that went away until I slipped up. Those same pains came back after a one day slip and remained for a good 6 days before I started feeling better. Not drinking today you in?
There is hope for you.  Absolutely.  I've read about people on here that couldn't sit up from Alcoholic Hepatitis.  One guy actually got jaundice.  They recovered.  Granted if you are on a bunch of meds that is extra work for the liver so you get massive extra benefits when you stop drinking. Your body would be so happy if you cut the booze.  You can do it.  Since you are highly medicated can you go to your Dr. and together work a plan?  I got a great cheap workbook from Smart Recovery available on Amazon that is all about helping to understand boundaries communication strategies life skills.  You mentioned you were fat.  I'm overweight too.  This is a big motivation for me.  Alcohol is zero nutrition straight to my fat gut.  How about write a list of pros and cons.  How about a dream?  What would you like?  I want to be healthy.  My face looks great after a week.  Come join the party.  We are here for you.  I won't drink with you today.
