-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fmwtq/128_days_later_really_struggling_to_keep_treading/

Hey everyone. ..This last week has been shockingly hard but for no real reason...For some reason my brain is  switching from 'alcohol is evil' to 'fuck it you need some sort of release; are you going to be sober forever?'. ..I'm scared worried and afraid for the future. Everything was going really well and the cravings had almost gone...then WHAM right back in full force. I want a drink I feel PAWS. I'm almost ready to throw in the towel. ..I have cravings all day intensely at night. I'm making excuses every hour why I should just cave in and have a glass of wine. ..Thankfully a huge part of the last 4 months has been full of mindfulness practice so there's still a rationale in me that's stopping and taking stock of the situation. ..Up until this point I've been really strong and life has changed for the better so why is this happening now? ..I'd be really grateful for your advice experiences getting through this. Is it a common phase? Have you felt it too? 4 months in and I just 'want' to replapse'. Crazy but I feel I need a drink so badly - which is seriously showing me I'm nowhere near healed. ..I hope talking or writing will help. I'm not one for AA so talking to the wife and coming on here is my only safety net. ..Help guys! I'm drowning in this today!..I just don't get why I was feeling so free from it but now it's all back. ..EDIT: Thanks so much for the replies everyone. I pretty much went into hermit mode yesterday. Locked myself down put the PS4 on drank a tonne of sparkling water and sat it out. Feeling rattled today but a lot more confident. Every time we have a week or a night like that and win we get stronger. Love to you all. Silvo
----------immediate responses--------

I've never made it that far so I don't really have any advice. But I can tell you I'm on my 100th attempt and about a week into it two months ago I had a few drinks on the weekend no big deal but it didn't stop there a month ago I was back to drinking every night. I was back to waking up every morning wishing I hadn't drank I was back to feeling depressed because I lost all the happiness and good that I had when I wasn't drinking I am down several hundred dollars that I threw away on alcohol I skipped dinner with my family because I'd rather sit at home drinking. I threw away another 2 months of my life because it I couldn't bring myself to stop I gained nothing in those two months. And for what? Just because I felt like I could have a few drinks one weekend. It doesn't work that way for me hasn't for years. Drinking is never my answer doesn't matter what is going on it is ALWAYS the better choice to ignore those feelings and stay sober. I'm betting deep down you know it's the same for you. Stay strong you can get through this. 
this too shall pass...long strings of bad days suck. but in my experience they always end. i have white knuckled it more than once in this process. struggled. cried. freaked out. but i didn't drink. and i am so grateful for that...i hope you feel better real soon.
A lot of years ago I had been sober for a similar amount of time. Life was good I was on holiday and thought why not all the shame and embarrassment of the events of the years gone past dimmed to old vague mostly forgotten memories. So I stepped back in and for a decent amount of time all was good I was vigilant around just how much I was drinking for maybe a year maybe more. But it didn't last. Into the second year I became less vigilant and binges and blackouts and the regret and anxiety that came with them started to reappear. It took me 5 years to get back to this point of sobriety. In those five years I simply added to all the previous events in my life of which I am thoroughly ashamed all brought about by my alcohol consumption. Of course I wish I had just managed to convince myself to get through that day in all likelihood the next day would have been easier I'll never know but I do know I wish with all my being that I had stayed sober that day and the next day...this time around I haven't got so many days but I know I'll manage today. I also know that in the future I'll need a post like this to help get me through  a day like yours. 
Well I'm less than halfway to where you are so I can't really give advice. I can say it's awesome that you've got to this point and I don't think it's uncommon what you are going through. Something you wrote stood out to me:..".....life has changed for the better so why is this happening now?"..I feel the same way. My cravings had all but gone away....and about 2 weeks ago they really came back hard. But my life is SO much better now in countless ways. So it really shows me that my cravings are coming from somewhere completely separate from my rational brain. Because there's no way MY brain.....the one who knows I'm happier down 16lbs a better parent wife daughter etc etc. etc......would want a drink. They are coming from a crazy place so I probably won't ever get an answer to why they come &amp; go like this......Now of course I know that my craving is to not become pathetic again....drinking shots in the morning &amp; in public bathrooms at 10am. The craving is for a relaxing drink at the end of a hard day. And maybe it is possible that I could just have that drink......But instead of focusing on that 1 drink or the bad cravings that popped up out of nowhere....I'm trying like hell to focus on all of the ways my life is better. There's no denying it now at almost 2 months that it's the absence of alcohol that's allowing these changes to happen. So when the cravings hit hard I get thru them by constantly reminding myself of those changes. ..What positive things have happened to you in the last 128 days? I'd love to hear them! And maybe saying them "out loud" will make you that much stronger fighting the next craving! Sorry for rambling on &amp; I won't drink with you today!.
I've had cycles where I went from feeling really great about not drinking followed by very strong cravings and having to talk myself off the ledge. It helps when I can pinpoint if there's something going on in my life that might be causing it but sometimes it just happens and I'm not sure why. ..When it does happen it helps me to fall back on the things that got me through the early days when every day was pretty much a fight to stay sober. For me that means being active I made myself clean a lot to keep busy and burn energy. I also step up my reading and activity here. And ice cream I don't crave sugar like I did early on but indulging in it kind of still helps. It does pass and for me it's happening less and less often. I hope maybe that can help some I'm not drinking with you today. 
Im a little behind you but I understand completely what you are saying. Up until day 60 I was racking up days with no problem then for no real reason the last few weeks have just been hard. Not every day but its presence has been there and I have had to really keep on top of things...For me I wonder if its my default way of self sabotaging every time something goes good thing in my life.. Is there other things going on at the moment you are struggling with? thinking too far ahead and becoming overwhelmed by the thought of being forever sober sometimes makes me panic too maybe its that...Whatever has caused this keep fighting it. You have the upper hand here you have been doing it for 128 days now you can keep doing it for 1 more...Ive got your back my friend dont give in
Sounds like the part of your brain that is conditioned to like alcohol is fighting for survival. There are many ways to get relief without drinking including meditation/mindfulness as you mentioned. All the best to you and remember these feelings will pass. 
I find that I am a person who can not really experience 'peaceful contentment' for a long period of time.  I have to be doing something or else I get in a rut.  So like some kind of goal --. for me it's usually exercise related (train for some race) but make a work of art beat a vidya game learn a new language/skill/talent/whatever.  My mind seems to only be either going forwards or going backwards; never sitting still...However that said my anecdotal experience is that I see a lot of people feel what you're feeling right around when you're feeling it.
It is just like you said man PAWS. Your brain is throwing you a curveball. I had counselor tell me to be prepared for PAWS affecting me for the next 2 years. Your brain is doing a lot of rewiring man. Just keep on keeping on
I went through a couple of heavy craving cycles in my first year.  I think it's relatively normal.  I like to think of it as the last gasp efforts of the dying beast in my brain.  For short term relief candy has always helped.  Are you going through something stressful that has you looking for a coping mechanism?  Exhausting myself with exercise can often take away a craving and bring in the feel-good brain chemicals to replace it.  Have you looked at your diet to see if it's well-balanced?  Making sure I have enough protein and healthy fat has kept me from carbo cravings and alcohol falls into that category for me.  You know that drinking will make nothing better in fact it will make things worse.  Can you give yourself some other reward so you don't feel like you're depriving yourself?  It sounds like that's what your brain is telling you.  For me it was allowing myself to eat whatever I wanted to veg out for a while to spend a little $ on myself anything but drink!  Stay strong Silvo you can get through this!  It's not a permanent feeling I promise.
Just take a quiet 5 minutes somewhere. Think back to why you quit. Think back to the most embarrassing times caused by drink. Focus on the shame. Think of the things you missed or list because of drink. Think of the people you may have hurt or upset due to drinking.  Close your eyes and focus on that for a few moments deep breath now think on any positives that have occurred since you stopped the way you feel physically and mentally now.. open your eyes... that's why you're not going to drink today :) 
Tread beer.. *drink* water.
Hey I've felt similarly to you before most recently at about the 9 month mark. Things sucked for a couple of weeks that feeling of just treading water and struggling with this overwhelming urge to drink every day. It was so frustrating because it happened after about 7-8 months of smooth sailing of hardly even thinking about alcohol of feeling safe and happy not drinking. ..What helped me the most was telling people. I told my boyfriend and one of my friends that I was really struggling not to get advice or anything but just to say it to someone. It helped me feel a bit less overwhelmed to say it to someone but it didn't make the feeling go away. I ended up posting here which was really helpful and got some good insight from other people. From there it was pretty much just reverting to the mindset I had at the very beginning of just taking it one day/hour/whatever at a time. It took a few weeks to not feel like I was white-knuckling it but at least I didn't drink. ..Congratulations on how far you've come 128 days is awesome. It also sounds like the mindfulness work you've been doing has been helpful and will be helpful for you at this point. All the best!!! :)
Take care I won't drink with you tonight. For me a good book or some exercise can help straighten out my mood. SD is great as well.
I definitely started to feel like this but more at 9 and 10 months sober then BAM I went to the store and bought the same shit I used to drink all the time. T 
I've been where you are and only feel like I've come out of it a little recently. I legit almost slipped this weekend but am quite pleased with myself that I was able to turn it down. It's weird when the cravings come back because it's almost like I'm not prepared for them and I'm out of practice. I know what it's like to feel like you're just treading water. I'm not sure how to keep going forward but I sure as hell don't want to go backwards! I hope you can ride it out with me.  
I've been writing down all of the problems alcohol caused me. All the trouble shame guilt and embarrassment. I intend to look back on it when I'm where you're at. I've been there before but conveniently ' forgot' all the bad stuff and relapsed.
I've been writing down all of the problems alcohol caused me. All the trouble shame guilt and embarrassment. I intend to look back on it when I'm where you're at. I've been there before but conveniently ' forgot' all the bad stuff and relapsed.
