-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fp7ib/day_2_this_is_not_the_first_time_ive_been_here/

Made it 10 months sober and managed to get an idea of the potential I have inside yet I was still taking painkillers and benzo medication (not prescribed). ..Relapsed and have been drinking for a few months now. Majorly depressed and anxious. Skin and hair looks like complete shit and I'm so negative when naturally I'm a very glass half full type person. ..6 days off the drugs. 2 days no alcohol. I'm 24 and I'm so done being an addict AND an alcoholic.  I'm SO OVER IT. ..This time I will do things right. Just made a doctors appointment for tomorrow and this time I will be honest with him. He told me last time I saw him that he can only help me if I am honest with him. This man has helped me through a miscarriage and has seen me cry. I hate being so emotional sometimes. I will not lie I will be honest about my drinking about not taking my anti depressants because I was drinking and how I need to see someone...Mentally I can cope with withdrawal (fucking just) but physically my body is in major shock. I won't get into details but wow the human body can only handle so much abuse and I just seem to keep pushing it. ..Really happy to be back. Feeling rather positive today which is insane cause I haven't felt this way in a long time. I know what it's like to be were I am now although I swear things feel/get worse with every relapse but I also know how it feels to heal. I didn't heal properly last time I was sober but I did pick up running...It's freezing cold here atm but after work I'm going to run. I'm so in need of feeling happy but naturally. Running in the cold will be liberating. ..How is everyone?.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Glad you are over it. It's just poison that makes it all worse. ..
I'm right around your age and this is my Day 2 as well. First try. Let's not drink together tonight.
It sounds to me like you're poised to make a full recovery.  That's great news!  Also if you have the mental strength to just up and quit both benzos and painkillers I like your chances for quitting alcohol for good this time.  (That said I'm a little concerned about the simultaneous cold-turkey withdrawal from two GABA agonists (depending on the dosages involved) so I'm really glad to hear you're seeing your doc tomorrow.)  Be well and I'm not drinking with you today.
I feel like I could have written this myself. I'm    cutting out all the same substances. Calling to make a doc appointment tomorrow. You're right about the human body... it's so strange that my body seems to "think" it's being punished bc I'm neglecting to poison it like I always have. Sometimes it doesn't feel like it's worth it bc my self-worth and hope is so low. My anxiety is through the roof. I hope for the day when it really feels worth the change. You're not alone!! Stay strong. Hugz
Glad you are here.  That is good to be honest with your Dr.  I won't drink with you today.
