-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6frl2k/i_feel_like_relapsing/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

you do deserve to be happy. i'm sorry you're feeling down .:( you deserve better than the bottom of a bottle 
I understand your pain to the extent that another person can. Sometimes things that really hurt happen and we have to decide how to deal with them. Please though don't let this bad experience undo any work you've done up to this point. Just because one thing that hurts has happened doesn't mean that your life can't be pretty awesome overall. Think of the chances you've made by getting sober and any other things you have done towards self improvement since then. Recovery and growth are both processes. They take time dedication and determination. It's is very very possible to change things you don't like in your life and it is part of the journey to develop healthy coping mechanisms. There's no shame in being depressed or angry or even crying into your pillow if need be. That doesn't mean that we should fall back into old patterns though. I've experienced heartbreak and I know it can hurt a lot. But drinking will not make the hurt go away it will just numb it for a little while. You can use this experience to help you develop healthy coping mechanisms and figure out things other than drinking that can take your mind off of unpleasant things. Do you have a hobby? If not then think about what interests you. That can help with pain quite effectively. It won't cure it but neither will drinking. We all have the power to get through difficult times and we all have the ability to turn our lives around with enough effort. Stay strong friend. Do it for you because you deserve to be happy. 
Heartbreak is the worst. I have a very difficult time with it. In the past I tell myself that only drinking once or twice a week would be okay because I was sober the other nights. Thinking back I believe that attitude made everything worse and I wish I had pushed through and dealt with the emotions like ripping off a bandaid. Heartbreak does get better with time and drinking only prolongs that time. Congratulations on your two months. I won't drink with you today. 
I understand the thought process at the end because I struggle with it too. What's the point? Why deprive myself if I'm just going to be unhappy? Into infinity... Well it's all bullshit. I know for a fact things aren't going to change if I go back to doing what I always did. I'm just trying to convince myself that I'm worth it. Guess what? You're worth it too. I'm sorry you're struggling right now man I hope you can get through it and come out stronger on the other side. 
" But what's the point of keep doing this if nothing's gonna change? What's the point of anything if I just don't deserve to be happy? What if it never comes?".But things have changed already and you're the one who's done the hard work. How much worse would you be feeling right now if you were drinking as your past self? .It will get better. It will come. You absolutely deserve to be happy. I know that looses some power when it comes from some stranger on the tinternet who has no idea about who you are but trust me it doesn't make it any less true.
[removed]
I made a decision not to drink NO MATTER WHAT! Losing a love is painful. I know that too well because mine left me because I wanted to stop drinking and he didn't. I learned to cope with life's challenges by having lots of support. A therapist was someone I could talk to and who guided me to wiser healthier thinking and acting. I also went to rehab saw a psychiatrist and went to AA. These resources gave me hope and helped me build a sober happy life. 
It's not worth it.  It sounds more like you met a girl you had a crush on and found out she has a crush on someone else.  So is life.  It's part of the mix.  The good news is a sober person you will be in a position to actually enter into a relationship as a whole person who can communicate and is not tied down with a ball and chain to alcohol.  You got this.  I won't drink with you today.
At times I have been feeling the same way. But my life is better without all the crazy drinking I'm not spending as much money or feeling sick with hangovers or missing work all the time. I just have to keep focusing on the positive and so should you. Say another fabulous girl comes into your life. Will she be attracted to an alcoholic? So might as well just stay the course. :)
