-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fryl9/deadline_dilemma/

Does anyone else struggle when it comes to a date that's important to them? I've been looking forward to 50 days of sobriety but I can feel myself eyeing the *self destruction* button because apparently I don't want myself to be happy..I got a non alcoholic beer last night and thank god it was in the fridge because I glugged that bad boy down and felt such relief even though there was no alcohol in it. I had a rough day had to leave work early and normally I would drink myself into a hole. ..I made a pie instead and curled up in the duvet and felt like crap. Can I stay in bed until 50 days? I won't drink with you guys today. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. I won't drink with you for the next four days. 
Oh beast loves big days. I'm so use to drinking to dealing with exciting or new times that it has become ingrained with the idea that I must drink to mark these occasions. That's just the thing though I'm a person who no longer drinks. It my beast wants me to. It's answer for everything is to drink my answer is not today 
Hey there   day 50 is a big milestone. But you could be putting a lot of pressure on yourself. Be gentle your body is going thru changes it does not like right now. Have another pie don't worry about the calories or sugar. And just a suggestion no non alcoholic anything too much pressure. I will not drink with you today
You are absolutely not pathetic for struggling. Everyone struggles! I try to talk to myself like a friend and I definitely would not tell a friend that they are pathetic for struggling :) This is really hard and you're doing great struggle and all. I'm not drinking with you today!
Good for you for distracting yourself. I too have trouble with "milestone dates" today included! But we are stronger than we evidently give ourselves credit for! You realized your struggles and addressed them. And I can remember at least two occasions in the past 100 days where NA beer saved my quit. I do what gets me through - I do not want to go back to what was. Hang in there you got this! Won't drink with you today.
This too shall pass.  I won't drink with you today.
