-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fxx9m/feeling_lonely/

I was sober for 87 days and relapsed for the last month and a half. Was gonna be one night of course and it never is. Getting back at it going to AA Friday but I realize my only few friends are just drinking buddies and I got blackout and pissed most of them off the other night anyways. I know I need to stick to sober places and faces but that means starting from scratch. I also hooked up with an ex and don't blame him it's my fault; I was drunk and lonely. I cannot continue to let alcohol ruin my life. I'm a good person sober but drunk I love to make messes for myself. I've been beating myself up all week and just feel so alone. I went for a long walk today but everywhere around me are bars and liquor stores and it's so tempting to stop in and numb the pain. I almost feel like I need to move. I need to be more accountable here this is such a great support tool. ..Edit: thank you all for the support I have read all of your comments and feel much better today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you are feeling alone!  I can really relate to your message.  AA sounds like a great idea.  When I first quit I signed up for a few art classes in an attempt to change my surroundings and meet some new people.  Just a thought!  Hugs. 
Drinking is sadness.  Ruins everything.   I was stuck in drinking madness for years before I could fuck it off.  Well done on going to AA.  It took a while but eventually it worked for me.   Go to a least six different meetings and keep an open mind. 
I'm sorry that you're struggling right now. I found that coming back here consistently (sometimes multiple times a day!) helps keep me on the path...I also don't have many friends so this place helps with the loneliness as well...Sending out some positive energy and good thoughts for you!
Hey!  ... I'm so sorry you are feeling lonely and beating yourself up. I totally  % relate to those feelings. Taking walks always helped me I live close to the beach so walking there also helped. Maybe you could go to a park I loved swinging on a swing. It's so simple so made me so happy child like happiness. Don't beat yourself up too much cause truly no one can take those 87 days away from you! You earned them you struggled through them you are the only one that got up 87 days. So Just take those 87 days as a learning experience and learn from them. Add them on to these 4 days. You got this! Come here more read more posts comment more. This place has saved me more times than I can count. I'm glad you are back! I slipped after 9 months sober and then went on a YEAR long bender I'm just now 71 days outta the worse year of my life. So hey you came back after only a month and half. I did a YEAR out there and it SUCKED. So there still is some positives  .  You got this!! Congrats on 4 days :)
I can relate and I truly believe you when you say that you are a good person while sober. ..It really sucks having to start from scratch but it's a whole lot better than continuing to allow alcohol to ruin your life. One of the things I need constant reminding of is that building new relationships takes time. Also it isn't always going to work out the way I want it to work out. ..I've considered moving too. The only problem is that no matter where I go I can't get away from myself. If I could be a drunk asshole here I'm pretty sure I could be a drunk asshole there too...Just an idea about something I have done to be less lonely. Weekends are hard for me. I don't work. Aside from errands I don't have much to do and I'm usually done with errands pretty quickly. I decided to volunteer at the local Humane Society and it has been great. Not only is it good for my mental health and recovery but I get to see kittens and puppies. It's a great excuse to be social with people - which is someting I struggle with even when I am as lonely as possible. 
I must say- your post resonates with me. Just know you aren't alone. I am also back after a relapse. Ignore the badge. Hugs dude. 
