-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fz3en/first_aa_meeting/

Good evening everyone! I had my first AA meeting today and I can honestly say that it gave me a lot of hope. Everyone there was so happy to see me and so encouraging. I listened to everyone's stories (I know they have more but they gave me the gist as a rundown for my first time) and felt like I was sitting among people who really understood the struggle. The one thing that I didn't get off of them though was that they all started drinking because it was fun. That's where I'm stuck. I started really drinking heavily about a year or two ago and it was NEVER fun for me. It was always as a way to punish myself. Even having wine with dinner on a night out was a big fuck-all to my body and hoping that I could take an edge of anxiety off. I have wanted nothing more than to destroy myself with alcohol. Can anyone else relate or am I alone in this? I know I've been posting quite a bit for a newcomer but I really need to start this healing process and to do that I am hoping to get some reassurance that I'm not the only one. That there is something I can do with the pain and self-hate and anxiety inside of me besides punish myself. Thank you for listening SD. I did not drink today and I will not drink tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I labeled it as"fun" initially but underneath it all I recognize it was purely self destructive. Without a doubt one of the main reasons I drank so much is because I didn't like myself. Sounds like you just have more foresight and recognized it in yourself sooner. Wishing you nothing but the best from here on out!     
&gt;That there is something I can do with the pain and self-hate and anxiety inside of me besides punish myself. ..Congratulations on your work!  Meetings were an essential element to my healing...As I worked the steps all the topics you mentioned were appropriately fleshed out bubbled up and I could address them removing those weights on me!..Look forward to hearing more about your journey!
When I first started going to AA meetings I noticed how different my "type" of drinking was from everyone else. People would share and I'd notice a few similarities but I'd REALLY notice the differences. I never binge drank I rarely drank hard liquor I didn't really have hangovers I never lost a job etc etc. I had a whole list of ways I was different. I kept going to meetings though because I felt better afterwards. I would hear people say "Look for the similarities not the differences" which made sense but still I knew I was different.  ..One day after I'd been going to meetings for quite a few months it hit me. I am just like everyone there in the one way that matters. I drank too much it negatively affected my life and I don't want to drink again.   You will hear the term "special snowflake" in meetings...pretty much everyone that comes into AA starts off feeling different/unique. And they probably are!  People with drinking problems are VERY unique characters (which is what makes meetings extra amusing sometimes)!  But the only thing that really matters is that we all want to stop drinking.
