-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g0bmy/the_thursday_swing/

My mind has started the "Thursday swing" when I start to think alcohol is ok again. That this weekend will be different I will drink more responsibly. And why not drink everyone else in work will be !.So I am going to make a list that I will read back on Saturday to stop me forgetting why I am quitting....forever hopefully. ..Last weekends 3 day drinking session started with me buying a crate of beers and a litre of vodka hoping it would give me a great weekend of relaxed drinking. ..Friday I drank until about 10pm fell asleep for an hour missing a movie I was trying to watch and then carried on till 2 am (I think). .Saturday I woke at 12pm feeling tired sick and not wanting to get out of bed. And being a day off work this isn't a great start to the weekend. I got up craving more beer and clock watched till it felt like an acceptable time to start opening my beer 2 pm I gave up waiting. .Trying to play my Xbox slightly drunk I constantly switched games because my mind couldn't concentrate I got frustrated at losing/dying all the time and didn't enjoy my afternoon off. .By the evening I switched to vodka and managed to watch a movie but couldn't tell you one part of it I think it was rubbish but other people think otherwise maybe cause they were sober watching it. The rest of the night is a blur but I remember watch music videos on youtube because of my short attention span..Sunday I woke up at 10am feeling hungover tired and sick. I managed to tidy the house a little (My partner and son where coming home that day) but still needing a drink ASAP. I started at around 4 pm and when they returned I realised how drunk I already felt and saw the disappointed face of my partner. It didn't stop me drinking and by the time I woke up Monday Sunday night was a blank in my mind. .Going to work on Monday afternoon my insides felt like they had melted I was tired struggled to do my job and needed sleep. I had just had a 3 day weekend how was I so tired. .I drank about 20 bottles of beer and a litre of vodka in the end it started with one beer!..Sorry about the long post I need to read this back later and to also tell people how badly I drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

"It started with one beer" ..Hahha - I know the feeling!..One is too many and 20 is not enough
I used to pass out playing vids while chatting with buddies online Not before becoming a total liability at a coop game. Now that I'm sober the enemy fears my name! Haha ..Good luck man! I won't be drinking with you.
I used to pass out playing vids while chatting with buddies online Not before becoming a total liability at a coop game. Now that I'm sober the enemy fears my name! Haha ..Good luck man! I won't be drinking with you.
I'm so glad you are joining us.  I won't drink with you today.
