-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g0txn/what_helps_me_with_my_anxiety/

As a lot of us experience anxiety especially in early sobriety and perhaps we might have even been self-medicating anxiety disorders I thought I would share what has been working for me. Because I think it's a great idea to share ideas and I would love to hear others strategies as well! I hope this is okay because it's about anxiety and not specifically drinking but it's connected to sobriety because the anxiety showed up when I was sober. Who knew I had profound anxiety that I was self-medicating with alcohol which just made the anxiety worse!..1) discharging energy. Alot of times when we're anxious we tried to calm our system down which totally makes sense through meditation and things like that. Those are really good things and are called ways to down regulate. But when we have anxious energy in our body we also need to upregulate or discharge that energy. ..For some people this might involve running boxing dancing listening to metal. Anything that releases energy. I personally dance around with my dogs. I also sometimes try to shift my anxiety  to excitement because they both feel the same in my body. So when I'm really anxious I watch something that excites me like the Wonder Woman or New Alien movie trailer. I get pumped when I watch these things discharging energy and I can sometimes shift my thought process and feelings to that of excitement over a kick-ass movies that I'm really excited to see...2) therapy. I cannot tell you enough how much releasing my feelings by sharing them with another person decreased my shame which was a major contributor to anxiety and also allowed me to work on root issues of anxiety and alcoholism. I didn't have the greatest childhood and there are some wounds there that as I'm working on them are feeling better. And by expressing my feelings I'm no longer stuffing them which is a perfect recipe for anxiety...3) connection with healthy others. It was important for me to get unhealthy people out of my life. For me these were people who treated me like their personal therapist but did not reciprocate in the relationship. It also included people who were abusing substances. By being around healthy people my anxiety decreased. ..In part because my energy wasn't sucked by other people's unhealthiness but also because our nervous systems Orient to other people's nervous systems and if we're around dysregulated people our nervous systems respond. I use this as a psychologist meaning that I get a sense of anxiety in my body when my client feels anxious or I might feel a bit fuzzy if my client dissociates. It gives me the clue to check in with my client about how they're doing and more often than not they are experiencing what my nervous system picked up. ..This skill is harder for people with less sensitive nervous systems but a lot of us have overly sensitive nervous systems and we pick up everything. We feel things really intensely our emotions are all over the place. Maybe we are helpers like parents psychologists nurses...As well people who have experienced trauma especially ongoing abuse often have sensitive nervous systems because they had to always be on alert. These are all indicators that a person's nervous system might be sensitive. The good news about that is we are often sensitive and empathic people. The bad news is that we're more prone to anxiety... And I should add that connection with healthy others isn't just about healthy people for me a big part of that are my dogs and cats. No matter how much work I have to do I dedicate at least half an hour running and playing Fetch with my dogs. It's wonderful self care and of course they love it which makes me feel even better...4) hypnotherapy. I guess this should be under therapy but this is something new that I'm trying and really enjoying. I undergo hypnosis to relax my body and on days that I'm able to do so access content that is bothering me and then imagine and work with resources. I choose to do hypnotherapy with a registered psychologist because I want someone who can help me process my stuff...Because there is a lot of misunderstanding about hypnotherapy I'll share my experience. Basically I'm absolutely aware of everything that goes on. I go into a deeply relaxed state. It is called a trance-state. I'm completely aware of what is going on but I'm relaxed. As well because I'm communicating very little I'm not accessing my thinking part of my brain but rather my deeper emotional and survival brains. ..My psychologist also record the sessions stopping the recording before she brings me out of the trance so I can listen to them before bed and go to sleep to them hence why she doesn't record waking me up. Which for the record that does not mean I'm asleep or that I'm not aware of what's happening but that she's reorienting me to be aware and focused...5) minimizing stimulating substances. This is a hard one for me but caffeine and nicotine are two stimulating substances that I'm really struggling to get out of my life but I am minimizing them. I've completely stopped drinking Cola and I've noticed a significant decrease in anxiety. ..6) grounding in the present using our senses. Anxiety and panic attacks are often about the past or future. For me I can get stuck in the past and beat myself up for things I did making my shame even worse which makes me feel worse including feeling anxious. Anxiety is also about the future worrying about bills and plane rides and other things like that. Because I have such a great imagination I can really come up with some catastrophic possibilities. So I need to get myself in the present... Some people do this with meditation and I hope one day to be that person as well. However my nervous system is really jumpy and can't tolerate more than about 5 or 10 minutes of meditation which I suppose is better than none at all. ..So what I do is I use my senses to orient me to the now. I name out loud or inside my head three things that I see then three things that I hear then three things that I feel. These might be emotions but they also might be Body Sensations like feeling my feet on the floor or feeling tightness in my chest. Then I go on and do two things I see hear and feel. It's okay to repeat the things we already said because the purpose isn't to stimulate our mind but just acknowledge the world around us with our senses. Then I do one thing I see I hear and feel. ..In my experience this works better if we practice it when our anxiety is low or manageable so that our body gets used to the orienting effects and it's more effective during high anxiety and panic attacks. For me that means I do it at least three times a day so that the brain pathway that is developed and accessed through this exercise is easy to access. ..Basically the more we do things the stronger the pathway to do that thing is in our brain. As an alcoholic the pathway to drink when I felt anxious was like a highway. I used it a lot and it was my go-to. So I had to build up other Pathways by practicing the behavior over and over and over so it was just as quick to access as drinking...7) self-compassion. This has been crucial in healing my anxiety and is possibly one of the hardest things that I'm currently working on. I can't recommend Brene Brown enough. She has a number of books on shame perfectionism and self-compassion. She also has great TED Talks if that's more your type of thing...In a nutshell self-compassion isn't about saying that everything I've done in my life is ok. Rather it's getting out of that shame cycle which makes my anxiety worse and actually makes me prone to relapse. Yes I've done Terrible Things particularly when I was drinking. A lot of us have. But that does not mean I'm a bad person and that I deserve to beat myself up my whole life. ..So through therapy reading and practicing gentle self-talk that recognizes I am an imperfect being who is trying her best I am learning to speak as compassionately to myself as I would a friend I care about...8) distinguishing between amygdala and cognitive anxiety. I will try and give a summary on this but there is a wonderful book e on this but I absolutely cannot recall the name of it and the book is at work so I have to look there for it. It's a really simple book with strategies and basic science which makes me feel less crazy. Knowing that there is a scientific reason behind my anxiety I'm not just a nutcase...Anyways cognitive anxiety looks like anxious thoughts so that might be rumination worry anything involving our thoughts.The great thing is that because we have such a great imagination human beings can be amazingly creative. But for people with anxiety this is a double-edged sword because we can be really creative in our worries! Some of the strategies  I use for cognitive anxiety include CBT thought stopping and evaluating the probability of worst case scenario. I won't get into this because it's super easy to Google CBT and worry. There are a lot of great websites on this especially https://psychologytools.com/ and http://www.therapistaid.com/..Amygdala anxiety is linked to our survival brain or acute stress response fight flight and freeze. The amygdala is a smoke detector in our brain which tells us something is wrong but if it is misfiring like it might end panic attacks we need to use our senses as I mentioned above to remind our amygdala that we are safe. I call my amygdala a smoke detector. It alerts me when things go wrong. Like if a bear comes into the room! But sometimes it's over-sensitive and goes off when I've simply burnt toast. So I actually say to my brain there's not a fire it's just burnt toast...So it looks like I'm running out of characters(1000 max who knew!)so I'll have to stop here. Thanks for letting me share and I look forward to hearing anyone else's ideas.
----------immediate responses--------

I wanted to add something but couldn't because my post was too long! And that is about breathing. First of all if someone has anxiety and focusing on their breath or changing their breath increases their anxiety this is not necessarily helpful and may make things worse. That was my experience so I had to practice this very carefully and when I had low anxiety so I could do it without increasing my anxiety. Again I did this when I was low anxiety to build up the skill...I don't know what this type of breathing is called but it's very popular and probably has a lot of names and that is breathing in slowly for a count of three and breathing out slowly but for a little bit longer for a count of four. This can help activate the parasympathetic nervous system which is the nervous system we are in when we aren't really stressed or anxious Etc. We need to be in the parasympathetic in order to do things like have a good sleep or digest our food. That is why a lot of I sweat anxiety may have problems with digestion diarrhea Etc. We're living in our parasympathetic nervous system which is the system that comes online when there is a threat like a bear. Anything that doesn't help fight or run away from the bear is turned off. Including digestion!..Another thing that I learned and I can't remember if I posted it above I'm only on my first cup of coffee and sadly it's my only cup of coffee but that's the way it goes. Yawning can get us out of our sympathetic nervous system or fight or flight response and back into our parasympathetic. So I have been known to induce yawning when I'm having a panic attack. It doesn't completely remove the panic attack but it might decrease it from a 10 out of 10 to a 9.5 and I am grateful for anything that decreases mines anxiety even if it's a tiny bit.
I finally found the book online! It is called rewire your anxious brain and there is information on it on the following websites:..https://www.amazon.ca/Rewire-Your-Anxious-Brain-Neuroscience/dp/1626251134..https://m.indigo.ca/product/books/product/9781626251137?mkwid=sKLCrs73h_dm&amp;pcrid=44154474422&amp;pkw&amp;pmt&amp;s_campaign=goo-Shopping_Books&amp;gclid=Cj0KEQjw6-PJBRCO_br1qoOB4LABEiQAEkqcVdbdPD9dMAbGwW-juES5iOamGiSzvOUrz0So6ZuNoKwaAvXB8P8HAQ
Thank you so much for sharing your experiences and what helps you! I have some low level anxiety that I think comes up when I assume or assign thoughts to other people. An example would be my SO is being quiet or moody I start thinking it must be my fault or something I did to make him that way. Before I know it I think he hates me and is going to leave me and I'm a horrible person. Like you said about the imagination mine can come up with some really bad and out of proportion things. It often holds me back from acting or speaking my thoughts because I already decided in my mind how the other person will negatively react. ..I also had what I now think was two instances of panic attack in a week a couple months ago. They came on for no apparent reason and it's hard to describe but felt both physical and emotional. My menstrual cycle was also off and I feel like that might have contributed to it but maybe not I never felt anything like that before. It's something I've been monitoring and thankfully it hasn't happened since but will be visiting the doctors if things get out of the norm again. ..Anyways thank you again for sharing this is all great information that I'm going to read through again and check out the resources you mentioned. 
Thank you for writing this up and sharing it DeeDee! I'm saving your post and will refer back to it. Very good information here! 
This is great. Thank you for taking the time to post all of these tools. 
This a fantastic post thanks    
This is a great post! Thank you for sharing...This is the first post on here that I've seen mention caffeine. I've been cutting back on my own caffeine consumption. I used to drink 3-5 cups of coffee a day. Im now at a point where I drink a cup of green tea occasionally but typically go the herbal tea route. It just kind of happened naturally. I was getting pretty tired of always being tired lol. I never made a connection that caffeine could have been affecting my anxiety. Thanks for the info I'm really curious to learn more now! 
You do a lot of work!  Good job awesome job! I am still on anxiety medication.  And the amount of work written right here gives me anxiety.  But thank you for all the information!  I do 1 and 2 so I'll start with #3.  Good stuff :)
Thank you sooooooooo much! .I'm going to read this over and over!.
This is a great post grounded in actual science.  Thank you.  I wanted to add a couple things.  In regards to "self-compassion" there was a great article in The Atlantic recently about having "empathy for  the future self" which  related to addicts that I found enlightening. ..My other comment is related to caffeine. I started documenting my food and beverage consumption on days I had panic attacks to check for patterns and  noticed a link to caffeine. I cut it and haven't had one since. I am very sensitive to caffeine apparently...Also i am a Long time lurker  first time poster. :). 
Tremendous post thanks for taking the time to share your wisdom and experiences.
