-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gd1wx/alcohol_isnt_my_only_problem/

Having relapsed (ignore the badge- on mobile) I have done much reflecting. Honestly alcohol isn't my only problem. I am addicted to creating chaos in my romantic relationships. Generally I am a loner but it happens in some of my friendships too. I am toxic. I can't handle calm and serenity so I'll cause problems where none exist. I started reading about trauma bonding as I have been in solely unstable romantic relationships my entire life. I definitely have a history of trauma as a child- alcoholic father and sexual abuse. ..Anyone else realize this is an issue for them as well? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes alcohol definitely made it worse but I liked the adrenaline the chaos that fighting in a relationship brought.  But I was also a very unhappy person a lot of the time.  I know that growing up in an abusive house hold had a lot to do with it.  Now being sober I have been able to work on my relationships and so value the calm peace that comes with a non destructive relationship.  Wishing you much luck with your sobriety
i found that many of my "character defects" simply ceased to exist once i had some good sober time under my belt. the things i used to do just puzzle me now. ..people often ask: is it possible for someone to change?..i think the answer is yes. ..but they have to fundamentally change. not just have good intentions. ..good luck. your past troubles are prevalent among addicts. i know of them first hand and it's shitty. you are stronger than what happened to you though. you are not broken. your perpetrator is.   
Alcohol has never been my only problem.  I didn't drink for years not through any conscious decision but because I just didn't drink much.  But boy did I smoke.  And although I was generally thin I am addicted to food and have to be very careful of my diet.  I never had a successful romantic relationship.  I've been accused by multiple SOs of being extremely closed up and uncommunicative (which is hysterical because in general I never shut up).  So yeah I have other issues.  I don't think these are going to magically disappear if I am successful in quitting drinking.  But at least I'll be sober and that's a step in the right direction.  I'm trying to look at it from the perspective of "well it can't hurt".
