-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gdqn6/one_year_later/

So I have been waiting all day to write. I am finally home almost ready for bed and I celebrated my one year today. One whole year. This is the longest I have ever been sober in my entire life. Aside from being a young child I can't remember not having some mind-altering substance in my body. While I struggled in my younger years with hard drugs it was always alcohol that got me. My poisonous love affair. If someone would have told me a year ago that my life would be what it is today I would have told them they were fucking crazy. .Back then I was not only depressed suicidal anxious and dying - I was also the victim who could never catch a break. My problems were always someone else's doing and "you would drink to" if you knew how bad I had it. I am so far removed from that person I was it's crazy to think about how it used to be. .Today I finished up a year long internship at an amazing agency. I went to work at a job I don't hate. I went to coffee with friends after a meeting tonight to celebrate my one year birthday. In a week I walk the stage after completing a Master's in Social Work program that never would have been achieved had I kept drinking. I was ready to quit school a year ago because it was too hard I was too tired and I was much to sick to function. A year ago I thought I wanted to die but knew I needed to stick around a bit for my son. My mom died from this disease and I had just enough fight in me left to try something different. .I did a medical detox. I found a sponsor. I started going to AA. This worked for me. It's not for everyone but man  - I think I would be dead had I not found the program. .It wasn't really my plan. When I checked into detox a year ago I went in to "dry out" with no after care plan. I thought I would get sober and be just fine when I got out. But clearly there were other plans for me. I am one of the lucky ones. .Today my life is so different from what it was. Bad shit still happens as that is life. How I handle it is different. I don't pick up a drink no matter what and I never want to go back to that old life. .Tomorrow I take a meeting into the very place I detoxed at. I usually go there twice a month with my sponsor and she leads it but she's out of town with a family emergency so I get to do it. I don't have to I get to. It's not easy to get up and share my story but I hope that at least one person gets something from what I say. I lurk this subreddit quite a bit - and want to thank all of you for sharing your experiences and stories. Your stories help. .I will go to bed tonight clear headed and will not wake up with a hangover. Here's to another day. Much love and respect. I can't wait to see how the rest of my life unfolds in recovery. I have no doubt I am exactly where I am supposed to be. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing a very inspiring success story.  Kudos to you and congrats on your degree and job.  Rocking it!  I won't drink with you today.
Well done.  I hit a big depression the day before my one year.   Lasted two weeks.   I think I was focusing too much on getting to a year rather than taking it one day at a time.  Like everything it passed..
Congrats on a YEAR!
Congrats on a year and thanks for sharing :)
Fantastic so pleased for you and I think I'm on my way to start to think like you. My downs were not through other people but my drinking and I'm actually starting to think outside the box for a new job. I'm a teacher and wanted out for years but the drink kept me in. Looking at new projects now for next year. 
Congrats a year is amazing!
