-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gheza/going_strong_reasons_i_will_not_drink_with_you/

With just over a week in I have felt the magic of life come back to my day. The ability to feel be energized and have empathy are just a few of the changes I have noticed...With that said I have also had struggles in the past week. Though I have overcome them successfully I find it useful to air further reasons why I will not drink with you today. My drinking friends would normalize alcoholism and not shame me for the incidences which lead me down my path. So airing them out is a way I can ensure I do not repeat them. ..Hello alcohol...1) Every major injury I have endured in the past 3 years is because of you. This has cost me money time off work and missed opportunities.  ..2) You made me pop OTCs daily as if it were normal. The money I put into muting natural body signals telling me to stop drinking through means of Advil tums and others took its toll...3) You took away my ability to say no. Beer pressure is real. I experimented with drugs that I would never have considered when sober. The shame of my inability to make proper choices hurt every single time...4) You taught me how to repress feeling and love. My lack of expression would end up hurting others and eventually myself. ..5) You have caused me to quite dangerously break the law on several occasions. Putting myself and others at great great risk...6) Lastly you robbed me of the magic of life. Humor was dull conversations were dull family was dull. My mind hovered in a perpetual haze till my first drink of the day. ..This may be a bit on the less positive side for this sub. But I'm hoping some can relate and begin the healing process as I am. Today I will not drink with you :)
----------immediate responses--------

I am right there with you and on day 8 too! So happy to be here with you...I will not drink with you today !
As far as I can tell stopping drinking is all upside!  I won't drink with you today.
On day 7 too. Have had up days and down days. Today was a foggy brain day followed by a hard session at the gym. It's been a hard Saturday night filled with a bit of boredom. Thinking about my last Saturday night and not quite at level of regret yet. So am going to bed early and hoping tomorrow is an up day. I will not drink with you.
Thank you for reminding of why i dont drink either :)
Thanks for posting this! I am 9 days in and I will not break tonight nor will I drink with you tonight!
Good post! Keep strong. I won't drink with you today. 
