-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gmzit/fuck_this_shit/

So I had a planned relapse last night. As in multiple days of being able to stop and say no and I kept going...So fucking tired of this shit I want to quit for good. I threw out everything that remained today. Hoping and praying that this is the last time this happens I want to be free and progressing in my life not constantly managing addiction...Needed to say something to a group of people who are also quitting.
----------immediate responses--------

I've had a number of badge resets too.  I just sorted of decided to Fuckit about 7 times too.  I have never attempted to moderate. . Just sipped a bottle of wine down slowly. Sometimes I left for a few days sometimes for a few weeks but I came back.  Glad you came back too. The difference I feel now is I WANT IT.  #1 the sleep is the best.  Almost 2 weeks in and I sleep through the night except I drink so much water I had to pee a couple times.  I want a healthy body.  I want my hot body back.  I want it.
I can appreciate the difficulty of those "I haven't slipped yet so..." and "obviously I have shown I can quit so..." moments. The feeling after it's all over with fucking sucks...Hang in there.
It eventually became clear to me that if I kept thoughts like the ones you described to myself nothing was going to change. I went to AA meetings got a bunch of phone numbers and actually used them. Something about calling another person if I was having a bad day and talking about it instead of keeping it inside changed everything for me. I know now that I am not a slave to any thought that pops into my head. Every time something like that comes up I have a choice about whether or not to tell someone about it (which makes it go away in my experience). That's what has worked for me and allowed me to get on with my life. Glad you're here. 
&gt; Hoping and praying that this is the last time..*I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.*  --Frederick Douglass.
I have reset a number of times this year and tried moderation too. I always ended at the same spot...drinking did nothing but cause problems and make me feel shitty. This time I am trying Allen Carrs method in Stop Drinking Now. You can't quit on willpower. You need to want it and believe that once you quit you are free and in control. Instead of wanting to cave I remind myself that I don't want that poison and I am happy without it. Just changing my thinking this time while quitting seems to make me fee stronger. I am excited to never have to drink again!
Secrets kill us.  Sharing our problems with others liberates us.  Being honest about our addiction helps to melt away the shame and regret.  The fact that you came here today and shared your story is something you should be VERY proud of.  That takes courage!  One day at a time.
