-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gnf9d/sober_since_may_1st_and_starting_to_enjoy_the_new/

I had been a daily drinker ever since I was in college (15 years). I never got blackout drunk but depending on the day/mood I would drink between 1-6 beers a day to relax with friends/wife.  My wife stopped drinking when we started to have kids and my friends mostly moved on.  So it turned into drinking by myself while doing things at home. I'm self employed and usually work from home so it was very easy to have a beer on my desk and I'd just work off it for a while. Rarely ever felt much of a buzz I just liked the idea of it and it was popular to drink craft beer.  My weight slowly worked it's way up over the years until I was between 40-50 pounds overweight.  I also stopped doing all the sports that I used to do as I just didn't care about them anymore. My business seemed fine but I noticed a slow downward trend the past 4 years. I blamed it on the economy or other things. My marriage was ok but we were starting to turn into a dead beadroom and feeling seperated.  We have four kids (10 8 4 2) and the older ones were starting to see drinking as a normal thing that dad does.  My body was starting to have odd pains and it took a solid hour to work the stiffness out of my joints...This past April I decided to start to tapering off and eat better.  I went full sober on May 1st called all my family and told them to not offer it to me at functions. They could still drink but to just respect my wishes.  I used to homebrew with my brother in laws so it was something we "bonded" over.  I changed my daily routine and also started to eat really well while on a intermittent fast (8 hr eat window).  This helped to cut out all the garbage I was eating outside of meals.  The first month was awful and I was a grouchy pain in the ass most of the time. I warned my wife/kids that this may be rough for a little while so they encouraged me to spend as much time outside as I needed. Flash forward to about a week ago and it's like my body had emerged from a toxic fog. I went in to have a full physical with blood work done this past Wednesday.  The results showed that my liver was just on the high side of normal and my blood sugar was borderline pre-diabetic.  My blood pressure also is a little high but not where I would need meds.  I am certain that my results would have been much worse had I had it done 2 months ago.  I have also lost 13.5 pound since I started to taper off and clean up my diet.  My mood is so much better and my productivity has skyrocketed in my business. I am actually picking up a lot of new referrals and my creativity is at another level now. Looking back t the past few years I can now see how formulaic I was becoming with my projects and my clients were not getting the creativity they used to get from me. On the sex life side of things My wife has been much more interested and has commented on how much she disliked the smell of the booze on my skin before.     I used to buy my beer in bulk at Costco so it wasn't incredibly expensive but it still added up overtime. With that savings we have been able to go out on more dates and not worry about the costs of things as much. This has been a welcomed change for her and probably saved our marriage down the road.  My oldest daughter told me that I seem much more "present" when I'm doing things with her. I am sad that she grew up feeling like I was only partially there but I'm thankful that I can spend the remaining years fully awake with them.  ..The only things that I struggle with right now is a light case of vertigo/dizziness and getting a regular sleep pattern down. My doctor thinks the dizziness is my body adjusting to the new levels of insulin that I am working with now. It could take a few months of clean eating and daily exercise for it to stabilize but to just break my fasting schedule if it gets bad. The sleep issue has more to deal with why I drank in the first place. I have a very hard time turning off my brain and not overthinking things. Something small will turn into a full blown panic if I let myself get to that point. My way of coping with that has been incorporate a nature walk in most nights and/or spend some time meditating before bed. I will also spend some time reading while I'm slowing down my mind at night. If I am really having a hard time I will put on a podcast of something I'm interested in and just listen to that on my earbuds. I don't watch tv anymore as that seems to trigger cravings for me.  That tv time is mostly just spent doing walks reading or spending time with my family now. ..I just wanted to share my story for those that are on the fence or on a similar journey.  This subreddit has been a fantastic resource and I cannot thank everyone enough. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing a really great story.  Very inspiring.  Congratulations to you.  It sounds like your life has improved and is better in so many ways.  I won't drink with you today.
I'm so happy for you and your new outlook. Keep it up!
That is awesome. Congrats!
Check and be aware of your blood sugar.  There really is no such thing as pre diabetic. It is just a higher than normal a1c.  I was drinking heavily and I think that's what tipped me over the diabetic edge.  Proud of you- keep up the solid work. I will not drink with you tonight but I will smoke a joint with you. X
Congrats!  Great inspiration here!  Glad to not be drinking with you today.
