-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gpqg5/7_months_in_and_still_struggling_with_a_higher/

I'm on step 12 but not sponsoring anyone yet and I just can't seem to be as happy and at peace as others I see in the program. I have some small spiritual experiences here and there but it seems like I just never learn anything from them. I still have my days where I question the spiritual aspect of this program and days that I just don't believe at all. It's very frustrating how I keep having to have a very painful time without a higher power and then starting to believe but then it ultimately just never sticks and I end up having terrible days again being in my own self will. And that's pretty much the loop that I've been stuck in. I'm looking for some guidance I guess. What am I not doing? Or what am I doing wrong? I wish I could just have an unshakeable and firm belief in some sort of higher power who can help me like so many others seem to have.
----------immediate responses--------

I always ask myself "do they really believe or do they just convince themselves to show for others?" I look to a universal order that does exist. However anything is possible in the cosmos. No one should make another follow involuntarily.
The higher power thing never really worked for me. I understand how it can help some people (and that's great for them) but I found it pushed me to overthink life until I said 'fuck it' and relapsed. ..Eventually I chose music as my higher power. It was what I did with my time prior to making excuses to sit on barstools and it's been a great outlet for my time now that I'm off the booze. ..When i struggle I remind myself that a clear mind will help me truly express myself through my chosen craft...On the down side I did have to switch out of the initial group though they refused to believe I was taking the program seriously. 
The higher power thing is the reason I as an atheist do rational recovery and not AA. In my view were there a god I'm sure he has more important things to do than drop out the sky to snatch beers out of my hand. Reality and nature is what guides me. The nature of my reality is that drinking makes my life worse. So I do not drink. 
[removed]
Asterik101 it is really great that you are searching. Please keep searching. Many do not. I found my higher power in God of the Bible. Getting out of my self will entails serving Him and serving others. I have found peace. I have let go of happiness and found contentment. One aspect of serving Him and others is to keep a sober mind. I strive for a consistency and persistence that would get me to step 12. Congrats to you. I kept searching and listening. Most times the find comes in a whisper.
The opposite of "faith" is not "doubt" but Certainty...As you write "end up again being in my own self will"...Higher Power doesn't have to be some Magical White Haired Dude in the sky.  ..I am aware of numerous things more powerful than me and there are mysteries in the universe.  While I'm MORE powerful than all the alcohol in the world that is *Outside of Me* one glass of wine INSIDE me takes over demonstrating that alcohol inside me is more powerful than me.  ..Higher Power can be subtle.  It doesn't have to be a Superhero that swoops down to save the day.  For me my Higher Power presents when I create a space for it to appear.  When I'm "willing" to not be in control and especially..... especially when I Do Something for Someone Else.  ..My Higher Power often comes dressed in the guise of Love.  It's one of the true mysteries of the universe.  Why would anyone care for me without expecting anything in return?  Why would I reach out to someone and not expect anything in return?  ..Yet that's what I get around me.  I often find it in meetings.  I often give it away at meetings.  When I go to a meeting without expectations of "what I'm gonna get" with the mindset that I will be there for others in that room when all I do is "listen Kindly" I am giving to others.  ..That's a Higher Power that manifests for me...It doesn't come when I call it.  It comes when I turn away from me and look for something in someone else.  Then it shows up!!
I don't have a higher power; it was a dealbreaker for me and AA. I was told by a sponsor: "It can be anything it just can't be *you*". Well who the heck else is going to do it if not me? I'm a hardcore atheist. I found Refuge Recovery meetings very helpful. It is all the fellowship without any HP baggage and it's been essential to my recovery. Best wishes!
