-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gxgbe/need_help/

My whole life I thought that I could never get addicted to anything. That I was the type of person that didn't need drugs or alcohol to get through any of my struggles. I'm realizing today well not really but realizing again that even though every morning I feel fine I say to myself "ok no more drinking during the weekdays. Save it for Friday and the weekend". ..Last week I had at least 4 drinks every night now it's Monday again and here I am on my 3rd drink likes it's just part of my routine. Tomorrow probably another 4 at least. The next morning I will go to work and be fine. At this point a cup of coffee is all I really need to snap out of the stupor that is my morning after. ..I can't seem to figure it out but if I don't drink then I can't seem to fall asleep until 3 or 4 am. At that point getting up for work is even harder than knocking myself out with a few drinks. I seem to have lost control. Every morning is the same thing: you don't need to drink tonight. But by the end of the day I'm always pouring Another one out while I make dinner or watching tv in my bed. ..I've lost that control and I don't know how. It's like my brain has forgotten everything from that morning. And it happens day after day as if I'm living the same day again and again. I don't even allow myself to find help a therapist; AA anything because then I could lose my job let down my family my boyfriend my apartment the life I'm trying to make. I'm trying to make it on my own after college. ..I've nearly driven everyone away my friends where I live. My state of complete apathy. Just to go home and drink. Waiting for the next day when something might improve. Things happen exciting things things I get excited about. But it all ends so quickly. And then I'm back. ..I need a voice. My own has failed me. Like a demon that's taken hold of me and has suppressed everything else. I don't know how to get it back. I'd like to hear if anyone else feels the same. And if anyone has found it again. Thank you for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

You say you need a voice. But I see one here typing this out. That little voice was enough to get me into treatment. That little voice was responsible for starting my whole life. I had a shitload of issues to get to. But it all started with the tiny voice stating that I might be worth it.
"I don't even allow myself to find help a therapist; AA anything because then I could lose my job let down my family my boyfriend my apartment the life I'm trying to make. I'm trying to make it on my own after college." Finding help is the answer.  I like you started down this road using alcohol to sleep not knowing in reality it ruins the sleep.  I would sleep at first then wake up at 2-3 am and not be able to get to sleep .....and then I would have some more wine to try and get back to sleep. This is ware I really was stupid and unaware that alcohol was the problem ruining my sleep. I am now sleeping:)  It feels so good.  I won't drink with you today.
Wow this reminds me of myself a lot. I drank similar amounts every day and isolated. Toward the end almost every morning I'd decide not to drink and then at the end of the day I had an overwhelming compulsion to drink. I've since realized that that compulsion was *addiction*. (Alcohol is addictive even if you're not at the point of DT-level withdrawals.) Being free of that *need* to drink every day even if I didn't want to has been amazing. I am no longer constantly thinking in the back of my mind about when I'll be able to drink later and how much...Why would you lose your job and life and let your loved ones down if you sought help for alcohol addiction? You don't have to answer but it might be worth thinking through those feelings in more detail to see if they're really true. I know from personal experience that it's really f-ing hard to get help. I have had the thought "I can't stop drinking because that means I have an alcohol problem!" Of course drinking excessively and from a place of addiction is the problem. Not seeking help doesn't mean I don't have a problem - it means I'm untreated and remain in active addiction and pain. 
