-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h13tn/how_do_you_forgive_yourself_for_telling_yourself/

Today is day one for me and I don't want it to be. I was happy yesterday so why did I decide to drink? You lose confidence in yourself when you relapse and start to not believe the things you tell yourself. I don't know how to deal with the guilt from starting over. I don't want to start over again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I deal with it by thinking - ya know what? I could have just gone to the store and bought another bottle of gin and carried right on like I was. .It is hard to stop; it is even harder when you realise it is a neverending motherfucking dirty fight that you're going to have to constantly be on alert for. So hats off to you on another day one. You're hanging on. You're not giving up. You're doing some hard shit right there right now. Pat yourself on the back don't be too harsh on yourself. But keep on keeping on..You got this day one is so much better than day -1..I am not drinking with you today.
I dealt with it by stopping again...Then I went to a meeting and got support.  That support including tools to aid me in processes my guilt about breaking my promises to myself...An integral part is that my decisions made absent alcohol are one thing.  Once alcohol is INSIDE me that's a different story...That's why I don't put it inside me today.  I have integrity in today's decisions!
You're awesome. Thank you. 
I deal with it by reminding myself that no effort on this path is wasted and I start again. Every effort and movement towards your sobriety is bringing you closer even if it doesn't feel that way. just start again start again.
Welcome back.  I myself had a good 8 badge resets over a year.  I was just trying sobriety on for size.  I recognized this is a problem and I wanted to change.  It took a few tries to feel I own it from my experience I really WANT to be sober.  I wrote down the reasons pro and con for drinking.  I looked at the money.  My attitude and sleep improved and it's only been 2 weeks.  I'm going for it.  Welcome back.  I won't drink with you today.
