-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h83pe/how_dangerous_would_it_be_to_drink_kombucha_i_am/

I fell comfortable where I am at in sobriety and have been eating healthier. I saw that Kombucha has a ton of probiotics and stuff of that nature. Do you think drinking it would affect my brain the way beer and liquor does as far as mood and mental clarity?
----------immediate responses--------

It was a new discovery for me a couple of months ago.  I absolutely love it.  I did hear one person on here who it was a huge problem and massive trigger for.  I was never physically addicted though to alcohol.  Just a stupid wine habit.  I won't drink with you today.  The probiotics are fabulous for the gut bacteria.
I love kombucha! From what I understand the probiotics in it are really helpful for gut flora! .In terms of affecting your brain kombucha has approximately 1% ABV in it whereas any drink that will get you drunk has about five times as much ABV. That means kombucha can't really ever get you drunk. For me the problem is not whether I drink something with trace amounts of alcohol; it's if I drink enough to get me drunk. Kombucha does not make me drunk or hungover therefore I do drink (and love!) it. .
Personally I believe that I get all the probiotics I need from good quality yogurt and health benefits from making fresh veggie juices and fruit juices.  I don't really trust kombucha and I feel like it's a fad but that's just me.  I might feel differently if I actually liked the stuff.   
I protect my sobriety by not consuming anything containing alcohol. 
I occasionally drink non-alcoholic beer which is .05% alcohol or 1 proof. Domestic beer is usually 6% alcohol or 12 times stronger. .I think kombucha is about as strong as NA beer. ..What I considered the first time I drank NA beer was "does this create cravings?" And "Does it make me want to have another?" As it turned out it didn't. Even so it might have if I drank several in a row so my NA beer limit is two and I don't allow myself to drink more than one per hour. So far I have never gotten high drunk more than 2 in a day or otherwise gotten drunk. ..My experience with a single glass of NA wine was completely different. It did make me feel weird almost dizzy and I have never had another. I used to make kombucha and never noticed any cravings or other weird effects. 
I personally enjoy kombucha although I drink it because I like the taste and not because it has more health benefits than say yogurt.  You would have to drink a ton of it for it to start to be psychoactive.  The reason people recommend against it is more because many folks find the alcohol content triggering.
I drink kombucha daily. I don't feel a buzz at all so I think it's safe. Stores temporarily pulled them from the shelves a couple years ago because the alcohol content was creeping up but even then I think it was only around 2 percent. It does have a little alcohol in it like 1 percent or less so you're safe unless you drink 50 of them (you don't wanna do that). I love the stuff and it hasn't affected my sobriety at all.
GT's has Kombucha that is 0% otherwise it's usually between 0.5 and 1.  Ive been brewing my own kombucha for years and since I quit drinking I've been fermenting it for shorter periods which gives it even less alcohol.  Also from what I understand the alcohol turns into vinegar pretty fast in kombucha. So the actual ability to get buzzed off of it is incredibly low.  ..Anyways kombucha is great and can really help get toxins out restore your b-vitamin levels and benefit your gut.
I drink it occasionally.  I never had a physical addiction to alcohol though so maybe people in that respect have to be more careful.  
