-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h9sbo/cravings_and_anxiety/

I think I'm doing pretty well. 74 days in and it's been relatively easy. Too easy.  Then the cravings hit. I feel like I've reached that point in sobriety where my brain whispers "you've been so good. You can have a beer just one it's not a big deal. Just one."  And maybe I can just have one. But I'm afraid after one the voice will come back and say "another one won't hurt." And so the old familiar story goes right?  The cravings for alcohol which weren't really there at the beginning (fresh off my "rock bottom" if you will) have gotten intense in the last week or so. I've stayed strong and haven't drank. I just wanted to put it out there...Also I've never formally been diagnosed or treated for anxiety or depression and it wasn't really on my radar until I got sober. Now my emotions and anxiety are all over the place.  I'm really struggling. I realize now I was self-medicating with alcohol and I also think my overconsumption of caffeine is only aggravating my recovery. To make matters worse my caffeine consumption has increased since I quit drinking ... I can't seem to help myself...I'm taking things slowly.  One day at a time.  I am slowly cutting things out of my life that are making me miserable; I just didn't realize it until now. I quit drinking April 1 and so far I'm 14 days soda-free.  My next project is to cut down on the coffee/caffeine and hopefully finally give myself a chance at a life unburdened by anxiety.  So... things are kinda shitty right now but I have to believe that I am taking baby steps to a better life and each day is a victory...Giving up alcohol was the single best thing I've done for myself this year.  I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I started to feel lots better by 90 days. Hang in there I've heard that magic number from others too (they recommend that those who can afford it benefit most from 3 months rehab). My anxiety really calmed quite a lot after that too...I love the taste of a good coffee in the afternoon and it's become a bit of a regular treat. I've switched to decaf so I can get some enjoyment without the jitters. ..Best wishes and congrats on so much solid sober time!
Way to go on the 74 days.  I think I've read the archive of stories.  Pretty much 99.9% of the stories say yes I was fine a drink here or there.  Inevitably they all said it started to creep up and bang!  They were right back where they were before.  How about read Allan Carr's Easy way to stop drinking for a tuneup?  I won't drink with you today.  Fuck alcohol!
[removed]
