-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6haqlr/reaching_80_days_tonight_and_my_dad_died_for_2/

so where do i begin ?..these last 80 days have been very hard and amazing in a way that the clarity makes everything so real and true. even tough its been my dad battling a hard ALS disease :( but im so happy that i almost begin to cry because im so proud that i took the choice to stop drinking 80 days ago. it made me strong and present in the moment trough fighting trough his last months. ..from always leaving early to get home to take a sip from the beer it was a good thing to begin able to be there 100 % for him...and also this ride trough the 80 days has made me realize so much about life and everything...around 30 days inside this trip did i get a realization about my life  the past years and that was that i havent relaxed i have taken care of my problems i havent taken care of my self. and after that i got into a big depression where alot of feelings about my dad and my life just hit me hard...it was some tough weeks to sort out and fix this fix my feelings was the hardest things but with help from meditation and yoga i made it work...then one day i was in my car where i noticed my car should be on service 8000 kms ago and i looked like a dump inside and outside...then i saw my house was a mess and i had big money problems...but i worked hard and fixed up almost everything now...Over to the good effects of stoping drinking:..- wooow music is so much more better now its like crazy how nice the sound is..- food tastes better and omg the strawberry juice is like heaven..- im starting to become more my self and finding my self.- my anxity is almost gone wich was one of the big reasons i was drinking to begin able to talk with my friends..- i feel that everything is so real and amazing.- i got so much more energy.- i am so much more happy and feeling good everyday..so to all my friends! dont drink do you relapse then get back on the wagon!  .be present be in the moment and remember to breath with your stomach! . .and even if everything is going to hell remember that your dealing with this sober and present in the moment istead of drinking away your problems...peace <3
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your wonderful journey.  I'm sorry about your Dad but like you said it is so great you were present with him.  A wonderful gift. I won't drink with you today.
Please accept my condolences for your father's passing.  That is really tough.  However it's good to hear that you were sober and present for him and that you are also taking care of yourself and your affairs.  Be well and I will join you in not drinking today.  
I'm sorry about your dad. My mom is currently battling ALS right now--I'm going to visit her in about an hour to get ready for night duty (bathroom turning her etc.)...Your story really resonates with me. I've fallen into a deep pit of despair and hopelessness especially after relapsing after five weeks of sobriety. I've been drinking for all the reasons you laid out--with a whopping dose of being unable to forgive myself...This morning I received a call from an ex (well *the* ex). He lives across the country and my depression was a big factor in our breakup (happened before my mom's diagnosis). I had deleted my facebook account (yet again) and she called me up asking me how I was and letting me know that she would be in the area later this year for a friend's wedding and it would be great to catch up. It was like no time had passed...I don't know how to describe how I feel at this moment but I'm done with all this shit that's taken over my life. No I don't want to get back with her (she's in an awesome relationship with a super great guy and also--still lives across the country) but just talking to her even about nothing too serious and for a only a few minutes had a profound effect on me. I felt a sudden jolt of my old self again. She's always been my best friend... and I feel I'm letting her and myself down for being this mess...This is all just a few days after having another "I need to stop" epiphany and proceeding to finish a six-pack...But this time I'm going to give it my all. For my mom my ex everyone else who's watched me sink my siblings myself......Sorry to hijack your post but reading your experience really instills with me with hope and something like courage. I am sorry for your loss--I don't know how I'm going to cross that bridge myself. But I will happily not drink with you today.
I am so sorry about your dad. I'm happy you could really BE there for him. You will always treasure those memories. Please continue to take care of yourself!
My condolences on the loss of your father. I'm sure he was proud of you and how you are turning your life around. I'll join you in not drinking tonight.
I'm so sorry for your loss. It takes a strong person to sit through that kind of pain without turning to old habits for a moment of escapism and it's good to hear that yoga and meditation are bringing you some comfort and clarity. Keep loving that strawberry juice. I won't drink with you today. 
