-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hehhv/maintenance_drinkers_advice/

I'm much more of a maintenance drinker -- 2-3 drinks per night every night. I'll indulge more if it was a particularly rough day. What makes me want to quit is the persistent obsessive thoughts about drinking if I have enough etc. ..Anyway I have a difficult time sometimes when I'm around other alcoholics because it fuels into my irrational thinking. "I never got arrested I never _______."..Any advice from other maintenance drinkers? And specifically: what do you count as a "relapse" and what does your badge signify? Days 100% sober days that you weren't intoxicated etc.
----------immediate responses--------

 I've also never done the things that many other people have. Alcohol never took away a job house car marriage. I've never been arrested. ..I decided to stop drinking as an experiment and it felt good to let go of the gravity of certain words whose power you hint at. Because that experiment is going well I've chosen to continue abstaining from alcohol and that's what my badge signifies. I reserve the right to go back to drinking if I want and I know alcohol and the drinking culture will always be there so it's not like it's about to go away... Since you asked for advice mine is to give it a shot.  The way it went for me was that I lost weight started sleeping better went from a middle of the pack hobby athlete to a front of the pack runner and have had more mental clarity to apply to relationships hobbies and work.  Not that it's a silver bullet for all of life's problems but as I said above if you change your mind it's always easy to go back. 
My badge is 100% not drinking not a sip. For me I used to play the "never" game too around alcoholics but it quickly turned into "I AM one of them". Once I  started that never game it was pretty much down hill from there (didn't know it didn't see it). Took years but years of wasted time wasted used space in my head that was used up with alcohol thoughts stupid stupid wasted time. But I can't worry about the wasted time I CAN worry about not wasting any MORE time. You can do it! Stay here SD is amazing! Saved me more than I can count. ..P.S. I've never had a dui never lost my job I have a nice home car and come from a super nice family. But yet........
Non alcoholics seldom talk about drinking in terms of "maintenance." I haven't a clue if you're alcoholic or not but if you are you may see a pattern over time. (Time may be months or decades)..I was a MD. In my 20s I drank almost every day to excess when possible. In my 30s I almost never missed a day and my "dose" was 3-4 drinks at a bare minimum. In my 40s it was 5-6 drinks *when I was trying to moderate.* Often I drank much much more...Alcoholism is progressive. When people like me are being "moderate" we've already passed the point of no return long before we realize it. Unfortunately coming to see reality usually requires a lot of pain.
Non alcoholics seldom talk about drinking in terms of "maintenance." I haven't a clue if you're alcoholic or not but if you are you may see a pattern over time. (Time may be months or decades)..I was a MD. In my 20s I drank almost every day to excess when possible. In my 30s I almost never missed a day and my "dose" was 3-4 drinks at a bare minimum. In my 40s it was 5-6 drinks *when I was trying to moderate.* Often I drank much much more...Alcoholism is progressive. When people like me are being "moderate" we've already passed the point of no return long before we realize it. Unfortunately coming to see reality usually requires a lot of pain.
&gt;Anyway I have a difficult time sometimes when I'm around other alcoholics because it fuels into my irrational thinking. "I never got arrested I never _______."..This is easy to do especially if we didn't lose everything before we quit dri
I think you are describing cravings.  2-3 drinks a night is a stepping stone in the progression.  I went from there to a bottle a night.  I'm stopping for now.  I won't drink with you today.
