-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6heohg/roar/

I knew my one year soberversairy was around now it seems like it's today or tomorrow. I don't know what the smiley face star means . Go me. (Edit: realised I could just click the FAQ. My anniversary is today. :D) ..I haven't been an active member of SD for many months but I have been checking back in occasionally and reading posts for support and it's been helpful. This is a good community and sometimes just knowing it exists makes life easier. ..I've had some difficulties recently mainly mental and emotional and I have sometimes thought about drinking in a sort of throw myself off the cliff and give up kind of way but I don't want to go back to that. I've worked stupidly hard to get where I am now and even though I feel like I'm just swimming against the currently and staying in place right now this is better than before. No temporary escape is worth the ruin it would bring to drink. ..I've been in a few new social situations recently and had to explain my not drinking. I had a really lovely positive one in which the people I was talking to just said good for you for recognising it's not for you while you're still young. That took a lot of the anxiety away and was good. And they're right. My brother is struggling with an addiction of his own and still hasn't recognised that he can't fight it his way and alone. It's sad but I think about him and I am grateful that for whatever reason I am not still in that situation. ..To be honest what made me check my flair here today was the fact I twenty minutes ago walked passed a pub and thought 'I could but I don't want to'. I figured I could come here see my accumulated sober days and feel proud. And I do. ..This was only meant to be a quick hello but I guess I had things to say. Thanks for being here thanks for the massive role SD played in getting me to this point.... which I guess makes me technically (fiiiiiinaaaallyyy) a dinosaur! 
----------immediate responses--------

MY HEART IS BURSTING WITH JOY FOR YOU!!!!
DUDE!!!! You are amazing!!!
I could but I don't want to. These have been the most important words for me. Congrats! 
Congratulations on your first anniversary!! 
Happy soberversary :-D
One year is huge. Time to roar! 
