-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hf6ri/finally_some_success_after_years_of_trying/

First time I've made it to 10 days in probably 4 years - hooray!  Definitely for the last 18 months it has been something that I've been trying to do without success.  I'd make it to 3 or 5 or 7 days and then go back...It feels different this time.  The turning point seemed to be when I re-read a book called Thrive.  I realised I needed to reduce my stress from all sources.  That includes stress on the body from drinking alcohol eating low nutrient (processed / takeaway) foods and excessive commitment to work...I used to drink to change my mood.  Now I do that with healthy food rest meditation or exercise.  I always knew that was what I had to do but I previously gave in or made excuses...After only 10 days there have already been so many benefits:.- no waking up after poor sleep with headaches fogginess regrets or guilt.- spending less time in bed and sleeping less.- feeling less fatigued.- halved my nightly dose of melatonin which I use to help me sleep.- no need to take painkillers.- improved clarity at work.- less stressed at work not feeling like I need to overachieve as self-punishment for my indiscretion.- spending more time cooking healthy food at home.- more consistent with exercise.- feeling less overwhelmed when I have alot to do.- my wife is pleasantly surprised that I've finally got here she loves me more when I'm sober.- get less angry with other drivers on the road and people in general.- developed belief in myself that I can continue to do this..I hope this is encouraging to others who have been struggling.  I'm grateful for everyone here who shares their story listens reads and supports others...I have to admit I stayed away from here for a while because I was so embarrassed in myself for continually resetting my badge and having another Day One.  Also I was feeling a bit jealous of the people who had managed to stop and wondering why I wasn't able to do the same.  And also it was annoying/daunting to see that there are people who haven't had a drink for tens or hundreds of days and to feel like it is such a struggle for me to even do one it made me feel like I was so far away from where I wanted to be and with so little power...This time there was no "hitting rock bottom" (I've done that before many times) or terrible event (I've had enough of those too).  To me it feels different this time because I feel quietly confident.  10 days is a mini-success next will be 14 days then 30.  At 90 days I will feel really good about myself!
----------immediate responses--------

This is so uplifting! Here I am at my number of days and yet right now I'm sitting here at work and fantasizing about having a glass of wine at a jazz show tonight... and then beating myself up for thinking this way. ..So I came here and reading this has reminded me that I'll be perfectly fine with my club soda and lime. Maybe for the first 10 minutes I'll be pissed off but like you said:..&gt;I used to drink to change my mood. Now I do that with healthy food rest meditation or exercise. ..That plays out again and again. Thanks for the reminder. I won't drink with you today.
I share your thought on jealousy of the high badge numbers but think of it not as jealousy but of admiration and aspiration...Let's win today and we will be there soon.
[removed]
