-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hfxwl/i_relapsed_after_42_days/

The last time I relapsed I had 42 days sober.  I had left rehab with 35 days.  That week after rehab was the hardest week ever.  Rehab was safe.  I didn't have to worry about anything in there.  I got out and my addiction which had been sleeping woke right back up and started screaming in my face.  Every single day was a battle.  I wasn't strong enough at that point...I gave in.  It was too hard to fight so I gave in and I relapsed hard.  I drank every night after work and all day on my days off.  I was so sad and frightened and ashamed of myself...the beast feeds off that.  It's not the booze that it wants...it wants every last shred of your humanity dignity and self-worth.  It sits back and chuckles while you squirm under its thumb...My badge says 40 days but it's actually 41.  After tomorrow I'll be on the longest sober streak since I was 19 and I won't go back.    The difference this time around is that I'm not afraid anymore.  I know that I'm strong enough to stand up to the beast when it shows up.  My voice is louder now...I'm in charge now.  I don't have to cover my ears and shrink away from the beast anymore...now I can see it for the whiny brat it is.  I can just shoo it back into the corner and go on about my day..Here's to passing a milestone and for all the milestones hereafter.  I'm not drinking today and FTZ dear friends:)  
----------immediate responses--------

congrats on 41 days and i will not drink with ya today  tomorrow or the next. Stay strong and shoo that beast with a mental broom should it rear its ugly head  
Go you!  What a win.  Congrats to passing a huge milestone.  I'm so happy you are happy!  I'm not drinking with you today.
Way to go keep it up friend. 
I almost didn't come back after my last relapse. So congrats on giving sobriety another chance. This disease is the only one that tells you you don't have a disease. It will settle for you drunk but wants to kill you.
Not Afraid by Eminem is one of my fave songs on my playlist and reminds me I'm not alone in this battle. One day at a time. 
Hell yeah! Recognize the beast and it quickly shrivels and retreats! It's a coward and a punk so YOU get to call the shots. Johnny Cash said it best "God help the beast in me!"
