-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hg01t/breaking_the_escapist_attitude/

Hey SD!..Coming up on 30 days again here and I just wanted to check in. ..I'm having a hard time staying positive. I wake up in the morning and I just have this automatic negative outlook. I'm going to AA and I have a sponsor which is definitely helping me stay sober. I don't really have cravings to drink so things are going well there.....Just a bit frustrated with myself and where I'm at. I know the way to get more out of sober life and life in general is to face my problems and make each day a little better but I just wake up in regret and want to run away...Anyone else struggled with this? .
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh absolutely. I've been sober for over 4 months and I still feel unhappy about where I'm at in regards to the rest of my life. ..Are you familiar with PAWS? [Here's](http://drugabuse.com/library/post-acute-withdrawal-syndrome/) an article about it if not. Basically Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome is the second stage of recovery is marked by anhedonia depression etc. and can last for several months as the brain re-calibrates itself in the absence of alcohol (or other drugs). I chalk most of my unpleasant feelings up to PAWS. But I'm also seeking mental health treatment outside of my chemical dependency treatment because I think those two have a tendency to co-occur. For example my depression and anxiety led me to drink and I got addicted because I'm also prone to the disease of alcoholism. Fun little puzzle. So those might be some things to think about :) 
Hi aleric Congrats on 26 days.  As I think back on my life before I started having too much wine I think there were a lot of times where I just had to do the time and grind through.  Like in college full classes working 25-30 hours.  Sometimes I get satisfaction from just grinding through.  Sometimes I  find it is difficult to relax and get pleasure from something if I have on overwhelming sense of knowing I should be doing something else for instance a chore.  So I think it's ok to feel flat sometimes.  I won't drink with you today.  I do try and find humor in life to brighten my mood.
Are you feeling restless irritable and discontented? I guess this is our normal state lol.....But yeah I can relate. It's especially difficult when you're used to using alcohol to escape and suddenly there is no escape. Life can seem kind of grim. I find it helps to plan things I can look forward to like going to a concert a restaurant I haven't tried buy myself flowers or a treat get some exercise do meditation seems to help with the irritable bit. I just ordered a kindle fire after discovering I can get books for free on it from the library. Sometimes you can "escape" in a good book...
