-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hgfem/advice_for_dealing_with_spouse/

My spouse and I are both alcoholics - we slid into it together and we always drink together. In the last year we have been trying to quit drinking and have stopped twice for 3 months each time before relapsing. I'm ready to be done right now for good but he's less interested in stopping this time. Last night I caved and had drinks with him but even while we were drinking I really wasn't enjoying it and told him that I really wanted to be done with this. Then today again he asked if I would drink with him. I said no and he was fine with that but it makes it so much harder to stay sober when my best drinking buddy is always asking me to drink with them. If I don't drink I don't think he will either but he will want to. And then I feel guilty for "controlling" him or something...I've been trying to tell myself that my sobriety is my own choice and that I don't "owe" it to him to drink and I'm not hurting him by choosing not to drink. It just doesn't feel true...Anybody gone through something similar and have any advice on staying sober with a spouse who isn't ready to quit? I'll be proud not to drink with you all today!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm afraid to date someone who drinks. I hope you are OK.
I don't control my spouse.  ..I can't let their choices derail my sobriety...I find meetings are a good source of support.  They're not family so there are no histories or dynamics.  I get sober support and work on learning to live sober...Then i can handle these situations better...I read herein where these choices bring a juncture in the relationship.
You've got to do it for you. My husband still drinks. He is a "normal" drinker though and has seriously cut back since I've gone dry. I was a bad influence on him. I would be frustrated beyond belief if he kept drinking like we were without me. ..In the end... I'm the one who's an alcoholic with a jacked up liver. I have to focus on me and if he wants to join me in my quest for health then *awesome* but I can't wait around for him or nudge him along. He sees how I've improved and he wants to improve too. **Nobody** will stop drinking if they don't really want it for themselves...It sucks. I don't know how people deal with active alcoholics. Stay strong! I won't drink with you.  ..
I think you can make people do exactly nothing unless they want to do it.  That said you're in an incredibly difficult situation.  I feel for you and I won't drink with you today!
