-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hi0eg/for_whatever_its_worth_naltrexone_seems_to_be/

I am not a doctor so please don't take this as a medical endorsement. This is just my personal experience with naltrexone. ..Got a prescription from a doctor several weeks ago. ..I've been following the Sinclair method and taking 50 MG one hour prior to drinking. Prior to going on naltrexone I was drinking roughly 6 nights per week between 6 and 14 drinks per session spaced out over a few hours in the evening. I've been trying to stop cold turkey with little success usually make it between one and two weeks before relapsing and starting over. ..Since starting naltrexone about 2 weeks ago I've probably drank for four of those nights. The first few times I intentionally tried to drink heavily even though I didn't really feel like it just to see how it would impact me. I did get drunk but it felt different than getting drunk without the naltrexone. It was more like the physical symptoms of being drunk without that euphoria or click I generally get. ..Haven't had anything to drink in a few days which in itself isn't a big deal but the big difference is that I haven't had the desire to drink. I know that I could if I wanted to as long as I take the naltrexone but I just haven't really wanted to or even thought about it. This is rare for me as when I usually abstain from alcohol it is difficult for me not to obsess about not drinking alcohol. ..Anyway just thought I would share my experience. Might work well for some and not well for others but it seems to be working for me knock on wood!
----------immediate responses--------

http://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-7399/naltrexone-oral/details
Tomorrow is 60 days sober for me. Naltrexone has been a great help. Started on 50mg down to 25mg daily. It makes me very drowsy so I take it at night but the side effects are entirely worth it. .Stay strong good luck on your journey. 
I tried Naltrexone .. about 6 years ago now maybe.. I quite can't remember but I know I didn't tolerate it well. But if it works for you awesome! Good luck!
I'm glad to hear it seems to be working with you. I couldn't do TSM as drinking on naltrexone made me really violently ill the next day and I couldn't get out of bed. I did nal with abstinence for a while and it was effective (I didn't feel much like drinking) but made me too tired so I finally switched over to Campral. I'm glad TSM is helping you. I've heard you have to take Naltrexone before drinking for the rest of your life or you'll get readdicted. 
Oh nice! I've been thinking of trying low dose naltrexone for my arthritis. Any side effects you noticed? I recently read a study that people on naltrexone enjoy music less. 
I have mine sitting at home how where the side effects? For me some of them became almost unable to function felt like I was taking an upper with for me feels really odd. I was getting sick to my stomach eating less drinking water like no other probably gallon a day i figured they would tapper off but they stayed there. I will be starting them again in the next few days to see if there has been any change.
Any side effects the first few days?? 
