-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hjkjk/i_am_choosing_to_reset_my_badge/

I was not really sure what the badge meant to me: days without any alcohol days where it was in control full-blown relapse of drinking every day? ..I'm going to reset because while I never got remotely buzzed I mentally fell off the wagon. I was planning on trying this wine my coworker sent to my apartment so I didn't take my naltrexone. I tried the wine. Didn't finish it. Didn't like it. ..What's more concerning is the planning behavior. So now I reset my badge. I don't think the past 9 days were a total wash but just working on accepting my problem.
----------immediate responses--------

My healing was tied to my honesty.  Congratulations!
 I've realized that much like you describe in the past that my relapses actually happened days or weeks before I took the first drink. And you are absolutely correct- those last 9 days are not a wash the knowledge gained is invaluable... They say that "You're only as sick as your secrets" and in my recovery I've found that honesty and communication are key. Good on you and thank you for this post.
Here's to a clean slate.  I will not drink with you today.  You can do this.  :)
I hope it isn't wrong or not allowed for me to say this. ...Naltrexone didn't do it for me. ...Eventually it made me feel trapped. ...If I feel trapped I'll eventually find a way not to feel trapped. ...I think this is personal to me and only me but I have to know that I can have it if I'm not going to do it. ...I have beer at home. I have to know it's there. ...The only reason I am this way is because when I was younger I was really really psychologically addicted to marijuana more than most. ...Someone told me "dude you think when that once in a lifetime weed comes you gotta smoke it but you don't. It will always be there.   " .And I think I took that and modified it a bit every time I tried to go on vacation to quit and came back I was really just waiting to smoke it again. ..When I finally quit the only way I was able to do it was sitting down with friends who were smoking in front of me and deciding that I wasn't going to do it. I did that every day for months(because that's all they did and all they still do today)... It probably took a year before it got to the point where I had absolutely no desire to do it ever again. ..Now the same doesn't apply to me for alcohol because of the physical addiction. I can't be smelling alcohol in a bar. But I still use the same kind of mental crutch like "it's okay. It's okay. It's not going anywhere." .That's not to be confused with the planning. Im not saying "it's not going anywhere and someday I will drink it." It's not the same for me as thinking "well maybe I can have a drink in two weeks as a reward for not drinking so long!" That's the pattern you have to just not entertain. ..Long after I stopped taking it I did the research on it. .There's statistics on alcoholics who remain sober over the years ones who took it and ones who didn't. ..I'm not saying it doesn't work. .And there are success stories .I heard a story of a woman who only takes it right before she went out to bars and would have no more than two drinks and was able to make it the rest of the night. ..But that's obviously a miracle case I don't think most of us could or should ever have that one drink. ...I stayed sober on naltrexone until I finally caved and had a beer and hated it. .But then I started thinking about getting drunk until I tried to get drunk and it didn't work until I stopped taking it and there I was getting drunk again. ...I think it definitely definitely helps to get you to where you're sober and get your head straight .And definitely helps you not drink .and for some is the permanent solution.But. I think you also have to mentally train yourself to win the war too. .
Well done! There's always still a self part with no fucks to give trying to set you back by qualifying your bravery of exaggeration/nonsense/goodytwoshoeness and trying to drown you back. Everytime you recognize it's not you but the lizard it loses a bit of confidence.
Well done.  
Really appreciate your post today. I recently had to reset to be honest with myself because I am pretty skilled at lying to myself and others about alcohol and those aren't skills that are getting me anywhere good. Thinking about the planning behaviors is a good reminder for me too. Making plans to stay sober today.
[removed]
Dth I used The Sinclair Method which is taking the Naltrexone an hour before drinking. If you find you're not able to keep the dry streak going taking the pill an hour before alcohol touches your lips will help keep the stuff from setting it's claws into you. That said here's to a long dry run and triple digits on your badge. If that doesn't work out then know that you have a viable Plan B!
