-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hkcuf/feeling_grateful_that_im_only_an_alcoholic/

Hope this doesn't come off as insensitive or dickish to those struggling with addictions outside alcohol but when I read posts from people dealing with alcohol + heroin pills caffeine cocaine cigarettes I feel relieved that my only problem is alcohol. So even though I don't have those issues I sometimes think "I didn't drink AND I didn't shoot up or smoke today." Taking credit for beating addictions I never had. Like a smug asshole. Maybe include more fringe stuff like kleptomania necrophilia bestiality sniffing glue huffing paint eating dryer sheets. I didn't drink AND I didn't have sex with a dog today!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey no offense taken. It's a great thing you don't have to deal with yet another burden. Keep up your sobriety nine days is awesome! I was sober today as well :).
I won't have sex with a dog with you today!
[removed]
Thank you!  I hope to be amused enough to laugh out loud each day.  You got me. :)  "Taking credit for beating addictions I never had. Like a smug asshole. Maybe include more fringe stuff like kleptomania necrophilia bestiality sniffing glue huffing paint eating dryer sheets. I didn't drink AND I didn't have sex with a dog today!"  Still laughing.  
If it isn't Mr. "I'm too good to huff computer duster or ingest model airplane glue!" Well lah di frickin dah! Is it lonely up there in your tower? Hahaha just kidding...that may have come off a little testy though...I could probably use a smoke. 
  I will not drink nor eat chalkhair or glass today (Pica). 
Yea having dual addictions does suck. Definitely be grateful! Congrats on 40 tho that's huge! 
&gt;eating dryer sheets..Really is that a thing? LOL.
I feel so much better knowing that I'm not the only one who takes credit for not doing stuff that I've never even done once in the first place...
For some reason when I was heavily drinking I've developed a habit of occasionally smoking. Even though I never smoked properly only puffing I imagine it would have gotten out of hand at some point. Fortunately it never turned out into an addiction and I am grateful it didn't.
