-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hlwlu/woke_up_with_a_hangover_and_a_note_i_wrote_to/

"You think being drunk makes your life less shit it dosnt it just takes away your ability to improve it. Dont accept whats normal because its comfortable" .I tried to quit all my addictions at once and failed. Now I'm going to take them on one by one and alcohol is my first mountain to climb. My failure has gutted me and I am raging at myself for being weak but I appreciate the road to success is a bumpy one. This relapse can either be a failure or lesson. So I'm going to get up dust off and get back at it. Alcohol you insidious little bitch its just me and you fighting now and believe me when I say you will lose. 
----------immediate responses--------

Love the qoute.
That note is for me too. Thank you. 
You can do it. 
What is failure but a precursor of success. I like the image of you getting up dusting off and continue on the path. I'll keep sipping tea like a gangsta with you 
That sounds like a strong and focussed plan. For me sobriety is the first priority. If I can get a rhythm/some days/weeks up I can then - maybe - start going to the gym get stricter about my diet. But for now staying sober is everything it is the cornerstone to rebuilding my almost-destroyed seemingly hopeless life. And it's hard. But it's getting so much better. So I'm trying not to put too much pressure on myself to achieve everything in two weeks! We need to be strong but we also need to be kind to ourselves too - rest when tired stay in at night if you're feeling fragile be inspired by wonderful SDers. One day one step. One day next step. I will think of you but not drink with you today.
I'm on this journey with you.  I have a black eye to remind me of the last time I drank - no more!!
it's not just you against that fucking bitch alcohol you have our support.  
That note is a good idea. I also read another poster who said he took pictures of him on his last drinking night and that he looks at them to remember how he doesn't want to be that way anymore. On my last nights of drinking I'd look at me for a moment in the mirror taking the time to think if this was fun for me being buzzed that is. And it wasn't very fun no. Anyway congrats on that note!
You've got this. I won't drink with you today.
It will lose no doubt!! You're not weak but weakened and every day without alcohol will see you a bit stronger. Give yourself a chance!
Ol' Boozy can be a real jerk.
I love that passion.  I like to pretend life is a video game like Mega Man and each level has one main "boss" to defeat.  Right now you have to beat Alcohol.  After that you'll move on the next boss.  Good luck you're going to kill it.
This makes me wish I wrote a note to myself when I was drinking often and trying to stop..."Dear night me. Please stop. This it's not helping and morning me is getting real sick of cleaning up your messes."
One of the AA meeting I went to recently an old time had to take a "newcomer" chip for relapsing. It was really hard and humbling for home to come back into that room after so many years but he said something that I'll never forget. "I'm here to save my ass not my face". If I ever relapse I'm going to do as you are and dust myself off and get back on that horse because I'm here to save my ass not my face. 
Hang in there!  
Damn straight. 
One thing at a time one day at a time its amazing how it adds up.  Best of luck I won't drink with you today.
I wrote myself a similar drunk note over four years ago it got the message across!
Just remember that it really isn't difficult to not relapse: just don't pick up - no matter what.
Great post.  I endorse the one-addiction-at-a-time approach especially if you have never decided to tackle an addiction seriously before...However I'd make exceptions where you have two addictions that have a powerful interaction.  For instance if you drink alcohol and use cocaine it makes sense to quit both of those at once...Every time I read "I'm quitting drinking...and smoking too!" I cringe a little because I could never do both of those at the same time.  I am not a man of extraordinary willpower and that would probably break me.
[removed]
Welcome back.  One thing at a time works.  I won't drink with you today.  Perhaps put a time schedule to phase 2 when the next thing goes.  Just an idea.
"...it just takes away your ability to improve it."  .Thank you for succinctly putting into words what I have been thinking for a long time. It seems so simple now. I won't drink with you today! 
For me to truly work on my addictions I had to accept that I alone am responsible for where I am today. I had to stop being a victim who looked to blame it on my childhood family wife depression... the list goes on.
&gt; Alcohol you insidious little bitch ..Love it. Kick its ass.
Very proud of you; and you are not weak.  You are actually stronger for making this realization.  I was at the same spot about 2 months ago and that is after 20 years of heavy binge drinking and countless destructive episodes either directly due to my drinking or needlessly made much worst because of my drinking...Joining this group has been the best thing for my sobriety. I'd even say it has been the best thing I have ever done for MYSELF.  After I felt just like you I joined up here.  I started reading the book "The Naked Mind" recommended by members here and I made an appointment to see my family doctor to discuss some strategies with her.  I felt I needed multiple strategies to maximize my chances of beating this poison this time and so far I have to say they have proved effective.   By far the most routine thing I do now is come here and pledge each day not to drink.  Members here have shown me so much kindness and support that even if I am tempted (which I still am) I won't do it because I just don't break promises. It is not something I have ever done in my life and I don't intend to start breaking promises now!   ..I can't wait to hear about some of your strategies and how they work for you going forward.
Keep this post bookmarked for yourself. It might help...Not drinking with you tonight
One thing at a time and so far I won't drink with you today.
"Dont accept whats normal because its comfortable"  That's a powerful statement.  Not drinking with you tonight brother.  
Stay strong! 
[removed]
It gets easier with time but the struggle stays real. ..I have faith that if you're ready to be done you will be done. 
So often it's personal traits and not the alcohol itself.  Examine yourself.  Know your habits.  Are they healthy?
Good plan. I tried to fight them all at once before and also did not manage. I lasted 2 months fucked up took me a 2 years to regroup. But i learned from it. Then started with alcohol. It has been a struggle to say the least but i started to stabiles somewhat after 6 months. Then i quit smoking 40 days ago and the battle starts all over again on another level. But somehow i keep trucking. I bike my ass off. Try to maintain my cool and forgive myself if i cant. Then i just cry or get anxious but it passes. I devoted this year to cleaning my act up and stopped expecting instant happiness. Shit is as it is. And it gets better...I wish you good luck in your struggles. The way you are feeling fed up now will be the fuel for your longterm succes. 
I won't drink with you today
I've got a few addictions and I'm doing it one by one as well. .I started with the one I hated the most (tramadol) and now I'm onto alcohol..I've still got oxycodone to go but with the help of my dr I have haves what I was taking...You can do this and I will not drink with you today!
Awesome!..I'm proud of you.
Being uncomfortable is the only way we change. It's where the rubber hits the road
Be kind to yourself.  You're doing great work right now just by not drinking.  Yesterday's mistakes are done and right now you are creating tomorrow's history.  It can be a great story. I will not drink with you today.
