-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hs4gy/yes_sober_birthday_party_and_one_of_the_best/

I turned 34 last night :)  It was my first birthday in a decade that did not involve drugs alcohol or stupid choices.  I hosted it in my backyard and got snacks hot dogs fries chips and drinks for everyone who came over.  My backyard was popping the light were beautiful and the mood was right. It felt nice to be prepared and to have a place people would want to come hang with me.  ..When I was a drunk I would always be arrogant and loud and stupid and no one (surprise surprise) ever did anything really nice for me.  Tonight though I was myself and sober and vulnerable and just being me.  I was really emotional and nervous and sweaty but it was great because my friends took care of me and then even got a cake made of cupcakes because they know I have a sweet tooth.  It is a joy to have people know something about me and also have it be something that they can recognize in me easily and get me gifts based on it.  My friend Sam (name changed) said "I know you have a sweet tooth so I got this for you"  Hearing him say that was the best part of the night...I smoked a little weed and it was nice because I do enjoy that from time to time.  I am going to keep cigars and weed in my repitore of things that I can do socially to relax and be a part of.  The weed thing I do once a month as a treat and the cigar as well.  I also told my buddie that I limit myself to only looking at the top 10 stories on reddit and that I had quit alcohol and a few other things.  It was the second best part of the night when my friend turned to me and said "Wow you are so disiplined that's really impressive."  He actually said it on TWO different occasions.  It was just nice to know that my personality now includes that valueable trait...I had around 20 people over!  The great part was as a few of them left they made a comment saying that I was cool and awesome.  This is so big for me because it felt genuine.  A lot of people use to call me nice and kind but I really knew that I was just a people pleasing awkward scared biatch of a man.  Now though I am starting to have a real personality and commit to things and it feels spectaculiar...Last thing we went to a club afterwards and we danced.  I didn't drink I avoided the drunk girls and trouble girls and just had a good time with my friends.  As they left a few of them hugged me and said they loved me.  It was so nice to hear this first come out of someone else's mouth.   Usually I am the one that says it first out of desperation or I'm saying it to a family member that I relaly hate I just have to say it cause "family is family" (which I don't do anymore)   But this time it was genuine love and it was magical...I just can't believe I am here.  A few times on my walk home I almost had to sit down and cry and just let it out and unwind.  I made it home ok and am now wide awake in bed not wanting this high to go away.  If anyone out there is struggling and feels alone please please please keep being sober.  The rewards are exponentially amazing!
----------immediate responses--------

Happy birthday!!! It sounds like you are on an amazing path. Keep it up!!
All I can say is wow!! Wow!! Wow!! Wow!! 
Your post gave me tears in my eyes. Just to hear  how drinking was tearing you apart and ruining life for you and now how much better and more rewarding life is its truly wonderful. ..I have read a lot of your posts since I came to SD You are someone I look out for as I really enjoy reading what you write. To know you had a wonderful birthday surrounded by friends who have made you feel special it makes me very happy for you...Enjoy the rest of your weekend my friend you deserve all of this happiness. Never mind the past and the choices you made it has brought you to this place where the real you is shining through. Never doubt the wonderful person that you are...Happy to not drink with you today.
Sober birthdays are magical. Happy birthday my fellow sober Gemini!
Sounds fun.
The happiest of Happy Birthdays. And you gave it to yourself :)
Wow greatest post. Thank you happy birthday and CONGRATS.
What a wonderful night I'm so glad your friends support you and you're able to give and receive the love you deserve. Happy birthday and congratulations &lt;3
This is so heartwarming congratulations! It is my 26th birthday in exactly one month and I hope it's nearly as rewarding as me! I'm glad you feel so happy :)
Wow....sounds so amazing.  I wish I was at that party!  Happy birthday and congratulations.  
Happy Birthday! 
What a wonderful story Patty.  Happy birthday and congratulations.  You really planned for and took care of yourself last night.  That's awesome.
Happy Bday to you!  34 is a great age.  Sounds like you are very happy on your path.  I won't drink with you today.
That made me tear up! So happy for you and happy birthday!!
Happy birthday Pattyice32! It sounds like you helped to create a lovely evening for everyone. Well done!!!! 
Happy birthday June baby! Sounds like you are having some great positive changes which makes me so so happy for you! 
Happy Birthday!!!! I am so happy for you and hope only for more wonderful and beautiful memories like this for you in the years to come!!! Just had my first sober birthday too and I've never felt better!! Keep up the good work friend!!!!
