-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hsc8v/to_anyone_struggling_today/

Please please please don't drink today. Whatever problems you're having that are making you wanna drink will not go away if you give in and you'll just feel worse. If you feel like you're gonna have a drink just post on this subreddit. There are lots of people here who want to help. Please don't  drink today it will erase all your hard work so far.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks sometimes you just need reminding! I got through another Friday night! 
Thank you Neptune23456.  I'll remember that if I drink tonight or tomorrow it will only make things worse.  
Five days in and meeting an old friend today and i am very much afraid I'll relapse. Haven't been sober on a saturday in over a year or so. How do I get through this?
Thanks ... I've got a meet-n-greet later today and the other family are hard drinkers !! I will not drink today !! Thankfully there will be non drinkers there .. I'll hang with them. After numerous attempts I'll not fail this time. 
Nice post Neptune. The weekends especially at the beginning can be real hell and I know I relapsed a couple of times due to sheer boredom and loneliness of a long weekend ahead...I can honestly say stick in it really does get easier. Making new routines and patterns for the weekend was a great help for me. ..Keep going SD friends you are strong!!
Am in the same boat. Friday night I declined everything and now it's sunny and warm and perfect for a BBQ and the adjoining beer. Instead am reading the posts here and trying to play it forward to me tomorrow. Right now me tomorrow is going to wake up fresh and maybe go for a swim. Day by day. 
Thank you. Yesterday was a breeze today it's minute by minute. I am not drinking with you today!
Congrats on 3 days.  Keep on keeping on.  We got this.  I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for the reminder. Last night was hell. But made it and I can make it today too. Posts like this make the weekend easier and give me more strength. 
Thanks for posting this. I won't drink with you today!
