-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6htuep/relapse/

One day shy of six months then relapsed then immediately went back to it but then just one day shy of three months I relapsed again. This was last night...I hate these patterns and right now I am trying not to be too defeatist and self-pitying but I feel a little hopeless. My brain just so quickly convinces me it's ok like a switch of a light into darkness. And I choose to keep that light off...Sobriety is so amazing and I want it to stick so fucking bad...I just needed to get this off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing a great job nonetheless. Try to remember that. 90 out of 91 days. I would be disappointed in myself too but 90 out of 91 isn't a terrible run. ..Were there any triggers? any kind of pattern you can keep an eye out for? ..I'd definitely focus on the 90 and not the one. I won't drink with you today.
You're doing great-- it's a process. I did the same thing off and on for almost a year until finally all the columns lined up correctly in my head and I never looked back. You got this. 
Hmm.  Round big #s.  90 days.  30 days. How about a plan for big round numbers? Could it be that the decision was made to just get that many days?  You'll get it.  Way to get right back on the horse. I won't drink with you today.
Hey at least you're back again!  You can do this.  I think we've all fallen down a few times along the way.  Be kind to yourself.  You're striving for greatness.
Hey you just drank twice in nine months I'd say that's quite a lot of amazing sobriety! Be kind to yourself you know that horrible feeling is not really you :)
Do you have a group of sober friends in hour area? I try and stay active with other sober peeps.
You're not asking for advice. In fact it seems a little like you're discouraging advice. Thus far none of the comments has offered advice. ..Is this one of the those patterns you're talking about?
Are you able to figure out what happened each time?..How about what you can do in the future to prevent another relapse?..
why? what happened? what caused the crack that your addict brain latched into?
