-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6i16p7/made_it_over_70_days_and_then_relapsed_back_to_a/

HI all Im making this post so I remember how I feel right now.  I had a legit 70 days but drank last weekend.  My girlfriends friends came over so I felt like I had to (or at least it was a convenient excuse to get messed up again).  I barely survived a layoff at my job this past week so then decided to use that as an excuse too and got wasted Thursday night.  I was a mess Friday woke up still drunk napped all day drank more.  Yesterday was good I wasnt really hungover and took my family to the zoo and to play minigolf.  Of course I ended up drinking again last night.  Its fun but its not worth the misery the next day.  Ive always hated Sunday because I know I cant drink and have to go back to work.  I hate wasting time.  There is so much I could have done today but instead Im sitting here miserable and in a brain fog.  The 70 days before this were awesome I wasnt depressed on Sunday I didnt dread work I got more done in my house the last 70 days than I had ALL of last year.  I know alot use have relapsed but now I see how miserable it is I feel horrible and I feel so bad for my family.  Its going to be tough starting over but I know I have to.
----------immediate responses--------

70 days is amazin! Don't beat yourself up. That devil drink will always have the same effect. Every. Time..I won't drink with you today..
I hear you I slipped at 57 days. The important thing is you came back. I don't see the days as lost. I can't wait to hit 57 again and go beyond. It's a challenge I will conquer. You will conquer those 70 something days and beyond again. Hang in there.
[removed]
Thanks for sharing.  Possibly this story may have stopped someone from picking up.  I like the part about getting more done in 70 days than in the last year.  I'm glad you've jumped back on the sober train.  You still have those 70 days to your credit.  I won't drink with you today.
This should be an empowering Sunday! Look at those realizations. You gave in THIS TIME. BUUUTTT now you know for next time exactly how you will feel. Remember today's date. Write it down make it your phone's background and when the thing in your head tries to trick you look at that date and dont feel shame feel the power you have to take control of your demons and use it to strengthen your resolve. 
I called those sleepless Sunday nights "riding the writhe" and can relate all to well to the depressed anxious feeling you are in middle of. Know that this is temporary and never has to happen again. Make tonight your last writhe. Godspeed my friend!
I'm not sure if drinking is anything like smoking but I just wanted to share that I quit smoking almost every Monday for a year before I was finally able to kick the habit ten years ago. I won't drink with you today.
