-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ibzn6/i_would_rather_go_through_life_sober_believing_i/

I found the anonymous quote above on Pinterest today and it really resonated with me so I thought I'd share. I know I'm not the only one who struggles with the term "alcoholic."  Whatever I am I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

That's a good perspective! Thanks for sharing it.  Hot chocolate cheers to you.
I'm reading Mrs. D is going without blog from when she quit drinking in 2011.  Since then she's written to books.  It's pretty good.  She chose to call herself a dysfunctional drinker.  She's a good writer.
Labels for the problem are only meaningful to ourselves.  I have no problem with "alcoholic" and find that it fits me but "failed social drinker" is also accurate.
This is good thanks for sharing!! 
Great quote thank you! 
That's....brilliant.  I struggle with calling myself an alcoholic too I like to convince myself that I stopped before I became a full fledged drunky.  But I know that's a lie...--FTZ--
I try to steer away from the word alcoholic; but if it works for some folks great. Personally I have a terrible relationship with alcohol and we simply do not get along. I wouldn't give someone who is the victim in an abusive relationship a title or a label especially one with generally negative social stigma attached to it (and yes being labeled a "victim" is also pretty bad but at least that label garners a certain degree of sympathy and acceptance over "alcoholic")...Sorry if this is seen as some sort of hijack not my intention. But I really do dig the sentiment of the quote and if someone embraces it and it keeps them sober for just one day it's a win IMO...
Such a great quote! SO true - I agree!  I won't drink with you today! 
I never had a bottom-of-the-barrel experience that ruined my life and while I've made some stupid decisions I've been spared most of the consequences that a lot of the people here have experienced.  I think it's luck.  I don't know if the word "alcoholic" accurately describes me but if it makes it easier for other people to understand that I don't drink then that's fine I don't care.  I like the not-drinking man I am now a lot more than I liked the party boy I was last year.
I love this saying.  I have it stored on my phone so I can read it every so often. 
That's kind of the same idea I've arrived at this past year: Whatever it is I am--alcoholic problem drinker etc.--I've gotten used this phrase theougjout sobriety: "I don't drink." Simple as that. I have better things to do with my time.
Yes I too have been thoughtlessly over-served on many occasions!
Thank you for sharing this!
Once my buddies intervened on me by calling my wife about my drinking I finally realized that that's not normal and that I was an alcoholic I'm 60 days sober and it feels like I have all the momentum in the world not to drink because I finally admitted to myself that I was an alcoholic 
All I know is that I have a tough time saying no to the first drink and when I do drink I have a tough time controlling the amount I drink as in read; no control.  The organization that taught me about my malady the malady of craving and allergy (the body's abnormal reaction to alcohol as in not reacting to it as the poison it is.  Most people get a tipsy uneasy feeling after a couple of drinks I get a "let's go" and order the next drink before the first one is done and have the third also lined up).  I shoot up through the ever diminishing plane of pleasure so fast that there is really no enjoying the drink anymore.  It's either running out or passing out.  Lately it's the passing out black out.  And that's not fun especially when it overlaps the responsibilities of family and/or work.  It's no fun to pass out at either responsibility.  I cannot drink and manage my life.  That is a huge problem.  Alcoholic or problem social drinker I don't care I am powerless over alcohol and my life is unmanageable.  That is my real label.   
My refusal to admit I couldn't drink like others kept me drinking for 5-10 extra years.  Whatever i call myself is irrelevant as long as I stay sober.  That is a great quote and thanks!  It is not often I hear a new sobriety related phrase these days.  
If rather be sober knowing I'm a drunk than be a drunk wishing I was sober. 
Once I start I can't stop. And once I stop I can't stay stopped. And as time goes on my actions and values become more and more mismatched. It's three fold you see. Mind body and spirit. This to me is alcoholism and it's what SD and my other fellowship support me in recovering from daily. Thanks and I won't drink with you today!
I am stealing failed social drinker.  Thanks.
Thank you for that quote that really is a strong one
This is so true!!!
