-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ij4ja/struggling_tonight/

Been having a few shitty nights with my depression/anxiety and lots of negative self talk about something that happened at work a few months ago which might be coming back to bite me and get me in some trouble. not sure how i am going to deal with this tomorrow/this week and thinking about it is just ramping up the shitty self talk and anxiety/depression. had a bit of stress crying earlier and i still feel terrible. I feel like barfing my guts out im so wound up right now. ..Posting mainly to not keep the feelings bottled up could use some positive words tonight. Doubt ill be sleeping much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes situations feel huge and stressful when you are in them but looking back they are not. Have you ever tried meditation with an app? I find it very helpful. Stay strong.
Let it out big fella!.I find a journal is a handy tool to get these things out of your head..We all love you hear and appreciate all that you do. .There's a couple of things that may help you out.https://www.anxietybc.com/sites/default/files/ThinkingTraps.pdf.https://www.anxietybc.com/sites/default/files/Challenging_Negative_Thinking.pdf.Chin up &lt;3
Sorry you're struggling. In trying times I always try to remember that there is no situation so bad that alcohol cannot make it worse.
You'll be on my mind and I'm sending the most positive vibes I can your way. I hope you can rest and come to a peaceful space! 
The thing that gets me through times like this is to think back to the times it has happened before and remember that it has always passed. You can do it. You don't get to that many days without being one hell of a strong dude. 
You are doing an amazing job. As cliche as it sounds this too shall pass and you can get through this. We we're here for you no matter what   
[removed]
Life is a poop sometimes but you're a strong dude whatever you're feeling now will pass and we're all here for you! Work stress is a different kind of beast the amount of days I've spent with that ugly sick feeling in my stomach because of something stupid I've done or stuffed up in the office.. but it passes and it's usually never as bad as what our silly anxious minds make it out to be. You've got this! Lots of deep breathing...;bef
Hugs straty. You'll be ok. We're all here for you! 
Hey man! You've definitely helped pick me up through some shit times so I'm happy to give you all of my words of encouragement. ..We do have your back and I'll echo a few others in reminding you that this will pass. You're already showing strength in not bottling these crap feelings up and looking for support... And I know you can get through this! ..Much love!.
My advice is to talk to as many people as you can and get as much done as you can.  Don't isolate and sit with the anxiety and depression go out for a walk call a sober friend call your parents clean your place or sink into work.  I've been where you're at before and it's sent me out before but with enough time it passes.  If it's really persistent then you should talk to a doctor about medication.
Sorry your having a rough night. I'm with Dogs on the journaling but I have also been doing random meditations on youtube. It's been helping me relax before bed so I can get at least *some* sleep. Stay strong ST. You got this! ;bef
Hey mate. Sometimes our brain likes to always think of the worst case scenario. We can't really change the past or things out of our control. All we can do is do our best and look forward to the things you can control now and in the future. You're a huge inspiration mate and we're always here for you. Stay strong &lt;3 
Sorry you're feeling that way man those types of nights are never easy.  Try not to worry too much about the things that are out of your control.  Whatever happens is what is meant to happen just deal with it as it comes.  Stay strong man one day at a time.
Hugs straty. You're an awesome person &lt;3 and I'm sorry it's not a great time right now. Thanks for all you do to help so many people here. All the hugs and you know there's always a bunch of weird Aussies to talk to if you can't sleep. Look after yourself
Good on you for letting it out! If there is *anything* I can do in addition to just being here for you please do not hesitate to let me know. You are good people and like pail says: 'this to shall pass' &lt;heh&gt;. 
You've been a huge part of my sobriety Straty.  I just wanted to thank you for those days.. for your awesomeness in chat.. and for the support you give to so many others on #SD and on this sub.  ..I'm sorry you've had some off days.  As Nova once said feelings are a part of living...Wishing you and yours well brother. ..\#tacobros4life
I work in an industry where errors can cost a lot of money and it is time sensitive to fix because the cost of the error changes.  The rule is always and I think this is a good general rule to immediately report to your supervisor as soon as an error has been detected.  I think you will get immediate relief as soon as you bring it to the attention of higher ups.  I won't drink with you today.  This rough day will pass.
I'm sorry to hear that you're struggling.  You've accomplished so much and been a great help to so many of us here.  I hope that you find some peace tonight and rest.  It sucks to have nights like that.  A good hot bath and a wholesome well loved book or movie usually help me a bit.  Virtual hugs!
Hey dear Straty - I'm so sorry to hear that you're going through this. You are such an amazing person an awesome mentor and a fantastic friend! What a great job by coming here to let it out. This will all work out! We're here for you - your SD family loves you to pieces...Oh and because you've personally helped me to use music as one of my tools in my ever-growing toolbox here's a special one just for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYi5aW1GdUU. xoxo &lt;3
Hey Straty just wanted to send you internet hugs your way and also to let you know you're loved. .
I look at your badge and then look at mine and don't feel I have anything much to offer. Except when I think my feelings are unbearable I try to remember that there is little in life that is truly unbearable and no-one ever died of feelings. Plenty of people though have died from alcohol. 
I hope you got some sleep straty dear. Yesterday I got a second letter from CRA (Canada Revenue Agency - this is all related to my ridiculous divorce and my husband's inaction) and I felt the same as you. I wanted to make a cup of "Cup of Calm" tea and they put a bleeping tamper-resistant opening on it and I couldn't get it opened. Imagine me standing at the counter cursing and starting to cry at a teabag envelope. I've got to call my therapist today. Is there anyone at work you can talk to about what happened right now instead of letting this eat away at you until you find out?
Hey Straty sorry to hear about the struggle...Glad you're "getting it out"..Sending Positive Energy!!
This too shall pass sweetheart.
