-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ipgjm/always_struggling_around_day_34/

Well im back to square one again. I seem to have a really hard time going past day 3 or 4. Ive only gotten up past a week like 3 or 4 times in the past few years. ..Typically i always try to quit after a bender really leaves me in the gutter. Then after 3 or 4 days when i feel better i think its ok to go back...Now my health has really been becoming a concern to me espeically my blood pressure so i know i really have got to kick this thing..Thanks for any advice and i will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

What helped for me was having a peaceful last drink knowing it was my last. Of course there were 6 other drinks before that day but I knew the 7th was my last. This way I went to bed buzzed but not hammered and I think it helped. That last drink ritual was part of the Allen Carr's book. So here's my experience. Good luck!
Yes those days suck! If you got through it before you can definitely get through it again. You got this! Not drinking with you tonight. 
Glad you're here!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
I'm in the same boat as you I decided to quit at the start of the year and could only make it a couple of days at a time before I would relapse but as time went on the days of not drinking were and durations were getting longer. With persistence and checking up on this subreddit I've been able to resist the urge lately in situations that I have failed in the past. It's definitely not easy but I hope to earn my 30 day badge soon and won't give up and neither should you. 
I know for me day 5 was huge I felt so much better. You say you feel better on day 3 or 4 but you probably still don't feel good. If you stick with it you'll feel so great! Mentally and physically. I will not drink with you today :)
I heard that withdrawals after a bender can make the blood pressure go up.  Have you read This Naked Mind?  Link to free download in the sidebar.  It shows how advertising has brainwashed the public from cradle to grave that it is an elixir for celebrations every day and hard times too. We have had ads pounded into our head from cradle to grave.  It's a poison.  That knowledge helps a lot of people say YUCK.  I don't want to drink it anymore. 
