-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6iqttm/summer_travel_to_scotland_without_alcohol/

Yesterday I flew from my home in California to the east coast to visit family. I did so without alcohol despite hating to fly and always previously associating airports and planes with drinking and with my two children 5 and 2 in tow. I did so with my 2 and a half year sobriety intact. ..I will be heading out to Scotland for a three week vacation in a few days. It would seem  strange to the old me to be going to a place I've always wanted to go and not indulge in the world famous whiskey and beer. Alcohol will play no part in the trip and I realize- with gratitude- that it will be all the more better without it. It will be a real trip with many things done and remembered. No memorable events not fully remembered due to brown out blur or blackout stupors. Meaningful experiences seeing a beautiful country with my family. No time wasted being hungover and sick. No tunnel vision of booze and everything else in the periphery. No threat to the clarity and serenity I have gained over the last couple of years once I decided to leave behind something that had me enslaved and was dragging me down- killing both body and soul. No strength I've gained to handle conflict or adversity lost. No sense that I am not having any fun unless I have a bottle in my hand. .No cripling panic attacks as i wake up and wothdrawl from a binge- those black hole moments when you feel impending doom and death close at hand. All of those things are gone. They were gone once I decided to stop drinking forever. Not on occasion or in moderation or on my birthday- or when I'm on vacation. Forever...I have learned to live without alcohol and as a result i have learned how to really live life. For those struggling to get above the cloud of booze and the paralysis of the addiction cycle it is worth it. alcohol makes your life small and your soul dim. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me that would mean more money to spend of golf balls that I'd immediately lose in that thick grass!
I live in Scotland. It's an amazing beautiful country with so much to offer. You're gonna have a blast :) 
Hey I live in Scotland too. You will find plenty to do without booze I promise. If you're looking for ideas just ask I will do my best :)..Have a great time!
I spent a week in Scotland last summer with my family and I was a huge scotch drinker before quitting so I was really nervous about it.  But in the end the place is just so goddamn beautiful I didn't miss it one bit. I romped up Ben Nevis no problem! You will be fine - have a great time!
I spent a year in Scotland studying. Plenty of AA meetings. There's booze in Scotland just like everywhere else so it's nothing to worry about. 
