-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ita6z/curiosity_killed_the_cator_at_least_caused_a/

Hi fellow SD'ers. My badge says one number but it's wrong I'll be requesting a reset. I got to 64 days. During that time my family & I went on vacation to NH. I can't even say I WANTED to drink. It was kind of motivated more by curiosity. I was well aware that that "vacation drink" could turn into a relapse. But there was part of me that really wanted to see. So I had a few drinks in vacation and nothing bad happened. I came home and didn't start drinking right away. But in hindsight it was back on my mind. Once it became "an option" I had to think about it constantly. ..Sure enough it's crept back into my regular life. I haven't drank everyday.....but it's still too much. I had a full on hangover day where I couldn't get off the couch and my 4 year old quickly remembered those "rest days" (that was sad). I haven't gained any real weight back yet....but my face looks puffier and I don't feel as good. It's only a matter of time that I gain back the 16 that I lost. When I look around I can see only the mandatory is getting done. And that's a lot....tons of end of school activities (my kids r still in school cause of all the snow days we had!). But things are falling by the wayside. Particularly phone calls that need to be made. I was so thrilled when I got sober that I could easily get that stuff done...and it's slipping away. But the biggest thing is that pride in myself. It's also slipping away. ..Right now I feel like I'm at a crossroads. I'm not far enough down this road that I can't turn back...but I know if I go just a little more that I'll be fully back to that old life. ..So here I am. The good news is I'm typing this sitting outside the gym. I feel optimistic and I'm not beating myself up. That 64 days gave me a great foundation and a glimpse into a different life. Before I did that I just wasn't sure there was another way. Now I know there is. I didn't mean to go on so long....I hope everyone has a great sober day and I will not be drinking with you today!.
----------immediate responses--------

Hopefully your "test" may have made you stronger. I'm pulling for you my friend and will not drink with you today. Stay the course and slay your demons!
Well done you!  I try not to beat myself up.  Just look forwards and know that you can do this. I get what you say about drink being an option.  I think that if I don't drink at all then it's not an option if that makes sense. Break the cycle !!
You will be fine . Falling off the horse doent kill you not getting back up on it does. I fell multiple times. Went into full blown relapse mode. It was hard but kept tryingIt too. Just keep trying ! Good luck!.
You came back and that's what matters. I like this powerful quote : "That 64 days gave me a great foundation and a glimpse into a different life. Before I did that I just wasn't sure there was another way. Now I know there is." We can do this!
Glad you're back - keep coming back. I will not drink with you today!!!
You're back and that's what matters.  Don't pick up a drink today and you're going to win.  I won't drink with you today.
My relapse last year started with 1 vacation drink and by the end of the year I found myself drunk injured in the ER (I'd passed out stone cold from a full standing position).  I wish I had never taken that first drink and I wish I had stopped sooner. For me it has truly been a progressively worse disease with each period if sobriety followed by a worsened period of drinking. With me sober milestones really don't mean anything. The only thing that matters is the drink I don't take today. ..I will not drink with you today.
Hey Kota! Good to see ya ;). 
Thanks for sharing.  Good job coming right back.  You can always turn back it's up to you.  I agree with all the pros and cons you mentioned.  I wasted too much time and money.  I'm not willing to waste anymore.  I have to make up for lost time.  I won't drink with you today.
Hi kotabear 10. Climb back on board the wagon we got you. Nice to see you back I missed you. Also thank you for sharing your post that takes courage and helps people on here.  Keep reading and posting I found it a life saver at times. My new quote to go with fast forward live in the moment. I won't drink with you today 
Once it became "an option" I had to think about it constantly...That is exactly how my reset happened for me.  It is a relief to be back to not-an-option thinking. I have enough on my mind as it is! I won't drink with you today. 
Well I  thought of you too!! Glad you're back. We can do this we all have glitches. I go away next month in an all inclusive and tbh worried. Plus your children are younger than mine so they won't  remember the rest days on the couch unlike my son at 15 who has too many vivid memories. Let's smash this devil 
&gt; it was back on my mind. Once it became "an option" I had to think about it constantly. ..This is my fear that keeps me from picking up. I knoe it's highly unlikely that something bad would happen if I picked up that first drink because I'd probably ease my way into it. ..But that's when the trouble starts.....I can do without the mental gymnastics so I won't pick up that first one with you today.
Wow thank you so much for this post! Coincidentally today marks day 64 of sobriety for me and I found myself feeling apprehensive this morning as there are a ton of parties taking place this weekend. It was really helpful to hear this I will not drink with you today!! :)
So glad to have you back! I think many of us have had lots of day 1`s but it is all a learning process. The important thing is that you got back here so quickly. Just know that you have so many people in your corner rooting for you! Happy to not drink with you today!
