-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6j1is4/struggling_lately/

So I have gone 3 weeks without a drink but lately the urge to have a drink has been getting harder and harder to resist.  I have had a couple of opportunities to have a drink but it has been getting harder and harder to resist that urge.  Just needing to voice what I am going through.  Plus I know I will get encouragement to keep up the good fight.
----------immediate responses--------

I can remember having struggles at 3 weeks as well 3 months and around 9 months.  What helped me is to play the tape forward and know that drinking doesn't make anything better.  I also try to remember why I quit.  I focus on hitting the pillow sober.  With me the urges pass and I am so thankful I stayed the course.  Stay strong its worth it!
Whenever I have an urge to drink I play the tape forward. It always ends ugly. The cravings were strong in the beginning but are less so now. Glad you are here - keep coming back and congrats on 3 weeks!
Can you shift your focus.  I found when I quit smoking if my mind started obsessing I had to literally physically take an action step.  Do anything to shift the mind elsewhere worked great for me.  Not having cravings for alcohol at all though.  I won't drink with you today.
Hey I'm a month in and just this week I've started to want to say oh screw it and drink some wine at night. ..I find that when I'm working a lot I tend to want to drink. It's a result of stress I think and feeling spent and in some physical pain at the end of the day so wanting to feel something else and just tune out...Overall I feel soooooooo much better not drinking. Do you? When I wake up every morning I have this sense of health that I haven't felt in years. ..I'm focused on improving my running and I find that helps me stay focused. I'm running a 5K in a couple of weeks and I'm following Hal Higdon's training program online and that is giving me some structure and focus...But evenings can be hard especially when I'm grumpy and tired from work and I have to feed my kids talk to my husband clean up etc. I think wouldn't it be nice to lubricate all that? ..But the reality is that I know that alchohol makes my mood really low in the long run and the next day. And it messes up my sleep. And makes me fat and puffy and also it's just not a great way to deal with my stress...It hasn't been easy but I'm just really trying to keep these things in mind. ..Did you read Naked Mind by Annie Grace? That book really helped me. I recommend it if you haven't read it. 
Glad you're here!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
