-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6j8fsx/woke_up_angry_that_ive_been_so_open_about_my/

I chose to be pretty open with anybody who asked why I quit drinking. "I used to drink and then I used to drink too much and had to stop" usually answers any questions that anybody has had and almost everyone has been pretty supportive so far. I do that because I figured the more people that know the better. More people to have to explain my decision to drink again to in the event of a relapse...This morning I woke up pissed at myself because I have myself convinced I can moderate again(I can't). But now to explain that to all those people? Nah not happening. I guess that means my honesty tactic is working as annoyed as I am about it.
----------immediate responses--------

Chalk up another win for honesty!
I was wondering where this post was going to go. I like where it did!..
Sounds like you outsmarted yourself!  
lol! Same has happened to me. But hell even if I could moderate I'm better off without it... gotta remember that.
I annoy the hell out of myself on a regular basis. So I can empathize. Entirely up to each of us how much we share and whom we share it with. I'm old enough to not give a rip about what other people think about me so I'm typically an open book and can't lie worth a damn. 
The first couple of times I tried stopping I told every man and his dog about my new non-drinking status. It was exhausting. When I relapsed nobody was really surprised. That was initially demoralising and then became something to learn from. ..When I quit for the most recent time 650+ days ago I never mentioned it. I just focused on me and my getting better. The surprising thing is that it took some people a long time to notice I wasn't drinking any more. If they asked I was open about it but I didn't make a big deal about it. ..Not choosing to have those conversations was a definite help in my need to focus on my own self and make it about me alone. 
Better annoyed than hungover.  Nice job!
*You just played yourself.* In about the healthiest way possible.
Seriously the best decision you could make though. I told my friends my girlfriend my family everyone. At least 3 times just in this past month one of them has refused to allow me to drink. It's only annoying to your alcoholic - who is sorry to say it but it's true for all of us a fucking prick - but it's great for you. 
Accountability can be a strong motivator.  My badge here still keeps me from drinking occasionally.  No one in real would care that much if I had "just one" but having to reset the badge makes me think twice.
Well at the end of the day we can all drink when ever we want to it's up to us to chose not to because we have accepted what we are like when we drink. Don't worry too much about having to explain it to other people. I was honestly (and pleasantly)  surprised how supportive people were when I told them I stopped. I went out with my sister and her boyfriend yesterday and they asked if they could order beer in front of me (lol) I told them as long as they are pouring it in their mouthes I don't give a fuck. Just keep going over the reasons why you can't drink like every day. As long as they are fresh in your memory you can get past the urges. Most of us were built with out moderation mode we just have to accept it.
Who cares what others think? Do you really think that they spend every waking hour thinking about you and your life? Time to pull up your socks and put on your big boy pants. If they can't handle it fvck them. Focus on yourself be selfish it's your life. Your decision to become sober is for SELF-improvment. Externalizing this will only result in a sense of defeatism and you'll jump at any opportunity to comfort yourself.
Sounds like you *haven't* convinced yourself you can moderate. Good job recognizing the rationalizing you were doing against your better interests. 
I read something once about differences between people who were 5+ years sober and those who were nearly sober. Those with long sobriety periods were significantly more likely to be honest about their addiction and self-identify as an alcoholic. Those who are nearly sober are much more likely to make excuses about why they aren't drinking. Publicly identifying as an alcoholic seems to be one of the keys to long-term success. So the fact that you're doing it now instead of waiting says to me that you're committed and will succeed.
