-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6j9o5g/heres_a_story_of_how_i_didnt_relapse/

I'm still too tired to type all the details...Travel storms canceled flights hunger crying phone calls from disappointed children sleeping on the floor of a major airport etc etc etc..I had no control over anything that happened or when I got home. ..I stood in line for over an hour with many others in the customer service line. I was right next to a bar and tables of people drinking and laughing the entire time in line. Wouldn't a drink just ease this situation? ..I talked to the other people in line turned my back to the bar and texted friends from AA...I prayed and reminded myself I do not drink...I'm no stronger than anyone else I write all this to remind you there is never a reason to drink. ..You don't have to even if you want to. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Great to hear these types of stories...It's times like those that I visualize the short-term future with two scenarios: one while drinking and the other not. The drinking scenario always plays out negatively and reminds me I don't want it anymore. It also helps distract and take the focus off that stupid single-minded "just one just one relax relax" voice in my brain.
Awesome Liz!!  Air travel reminds "I'm not in control" and "Humility" is my best option!
Yea you right! That's some serious focus right there. WTG
So does this mean you didn't go to Target last night?
Way to go.  I guess this whole experience was another NDV!  I won't drink with you today.
As someone wiser than me said on SD there is NO situation that alcohol can't make even worse. So yes even on those absolutely wtf?! hellishly rotten days that you feel there is NO way you can make it through without a drink during or at the end of it - you can! And you did! You should be so proud of yourself! Awesome effort! I will not drink with you today.
*You don't have to even if you want to.* --- love love love this!
Way to go! There are so many airport bars and some of them are so fancy. And air travel just amps up the stress so much. 
Thanks for sharing this story- it's awesome to read about your NDV and encourages me to keep going!
i'm sorry you had such a shitty experience. i am happy that you handled it like a boss. because you are a badass like that. xo   
Thank you for sharing this! This is exactly what I needed to hear (er read!) today. 
&gt; You don't have to even if you want to. ..^ **THIS!!!!!!**
I like that 'You don't have to even if you want to'. .Not to take away from the power of the addiction but you have power too. Don't take the first drink.
Would drinking have made any of this better? No not at all. ..Kudos on staying strong. 
