-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jhpjy/first_aa_meeting_today/

After many attempts at quitting myself and relapsing harder and with worse consequences each time I finally find myself in the spot where I just can't do it without acknowledging my alcoholism and seeking help from others. When I did a 12-step AA based rehab in my 20s I thought: what a bunch of nonsense. 10 years later I'm desperate. I know the whole AA / non-AA thing is a tired subject here but I appreciate all the perspectives people have offered. Wish me luck; I won't drink with you today. ..UPDATE: Woah first meetings are pretty intense. But I have definitely lucked out and found at least one meeting I can stick with. Thanks for all your encouragement and thoughts. 
----------immediate responses--------

After dismissing AA for years I became desperate enough to give it a chance four years ago and I believe it helped save me.  I do wish you luck and I hope you keep an open mind and accept the help that's offered--I know that's what worked for me.  
AA saved my life. It's the first time I was ever able to actually feel like someone was listening to me when I had crazy alcoholic thinking. Knowing that there are other people like me got me to go the second time and the third etc.
While I do not agree with everything AA teaches or everything AA people say I mostly love the program. ..I attend 2 to 4 meetings a week I do service work at a rehab for 12 to 18 year olds. I talk to others in the program on a daily basis and am enjoying 3 1/2 years sobriety now. ..I would love to check out secular sobriety and Smart Recovery but do not have these in my area. ..I find this sub to be very helpful when I cannot get to a meeting. ..Good luck. And not going to drink with you today!!!
I had 7 years of sobriety through AA and relapsed.  Been spending he last four years trying to get back. I read TNM and have been checking in here as well. I thought that I would try and forgo aa and do this without. Not working. When I went back to AA it felt like walking back home. It offers opportunity for service fantastic community and sponsors that don't let you bullshit layout way through recovery. It may not be for everyone but I'm the type of drinker that needs to focus on each day. If I don't I will drink again and if I drink I may not make it back. 
I won't drink with you today.
There are several good things about AA it's free and it gives you a built in network of other sober people to connect with plus a lot of structure. Why not give it a shot and see if it works for you?..Right now I'm kind of hating it but I'm pretty new in sobriety so you probably shouldn't listen to me lol. I started going to meetings and kept drinking afterwards and nothing could make me stop until I went to addiction psychiatrist got put on meds and started doing counseling. My Dr. still thinks AA is valuable so I've still been going but it hasn't been the magic bullet for me so far. My last sponsor (who I just fired) was lobbying to get me off my meds because she said I shouldn't rely on pills to cure me even though that was the only thing that was able to stop me!..I guess my point is to avail yourself of whatever help you can find if AA alone does not work for you but it seems like a good place to start anyway.
I won't drink with you today. ..I got started on sobriety in my own and I did my own reading online and elsewhere. ..I don't like labels I hate meetings and I am not religious -- so I found my way to stop my godawful habit...You may ask questions of the group and we hope others find a way to address the problem. If AA helps good. 
I love AA 
Ah the gift of desparation. ..Congrats on your first meeting. That's big. My advice is to just keep an open mind. The things people talk about in meetings are suggestions- what has worked to keep them sober. Everyone works the program differently so you can find what works best for you. When you're listening to others speak and tell their stories look for the similarities to your story and not the differences. Reach out for help. Good luck my friend.
