-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ji0p8/quick_advice_for_those_struggling_in_early_stages/

It has helped me to take a "no matter what" attitude toward drinking...Like many here my drinking went hand in hand with other problems in my life (most notably depression anxiety and loneliness). Even though I'm having a really tough day today with those other issues my attitude allows me to take drinking out of the equation so I won't harm myself further...I know it seems suuuuper simplistic but please trust me. I made a promise to myself that I'd not let anything (no matter how wonderful or terrible) drive me to drinking. Despite all the uncertainty elsewhere in my life I'd removed all doubt that alcohol led anywhere good...Alcohol was a constant negative and only made my other problems more difficult to handle. Taking this attitude made it LOADS easier to say no to thoughts of drinking...Just my experience so far.   Love you guys - keep on fighting!
----------immediate responses--------

I love this. This is basically the thing I am missing. I have set recovery groups and support around me I have a belt full of tool. I am writing this on my mirror in whiteboard marker so I have see it everyday. Thanks. 
That's exactly right. Alcohol has never led me anywhere good And remembering that seems key to me thinking like a sober man.       .
Before the last time I failed at sobriety I think somewhere in the back of my head I was holding on to the hope that at some point I could moderate. This last bottom I reached has shown me that I cannot drink. I like that you use the term "equation" regarding your life and alcohol. I have found that alcohol doesn't add one more problem in my life it multiplies my problems exponentially.
Yes! This is the mindset I am trying to adopt and it's been helping me so much. Thank you! &lt;3
Great post!.Thank you!
Not very good at not drinking but this seems like something to try. .Thanks. ..Made it to day 3
Good for you. For me the clarity around drinking and drugging was that it all led to misery. Like a dog chasing it's tail I would see the patterns over and over again and never take any action to course correct.  All it took to break the cycle was an honest call for help and a little  retrospect.   I totally relate to this post though you have to shutdown this thinking and then eventually you stop having it.  But yes the "outs" are an mportant part. finding little things in life to savor and celebrate help to repurpose your brains reward center. 
This is the attitude I used too. I used to start the day promising that I wouldn't drink that day no matter what...Now that I've changed my response mentally I don't need to do this anymore. Neither do I ever think that drinking would be a good idea either...
You are right - drinking does not help depression anxiety or loneliness and you can throw in anger for good measure.  So no matter what alcohol won't fix it.  I will not drink with you today.  Thank you for your post which is helpful because I am in that early stage of giving up.
It implies that alcohol is some good thing that I'm denying myself. ..Thank you for articulating what I have been feeling. Reframing my perspective. I still get a positive boost by declaring that I'm not drinking today. It's so freaking simple and powerful. 
Thank you for your post. It's helped me push back the urge to drink tonight. Not taking that first drink tonight. Not drinking with you tonight. (Shit is hard though.) 
Awesome perspective. I needed this today. Thank you!!!.
I thought of this post today when out shopping and cravings came on and it worked! I said just today no matter what I'm not drinking ..Thanks for sharing!.
Solid advice.  The first hiccups in the early weeks were the roughest for me because my mind would immediately say "I need a drink" in order to deal.  It does get better.   :)
