-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jrxff/friends_guilting/

This is the first post I've made on here. But I've been an avid reader for a while. ..Basically I've been making a conscious effort for the past 9 months to stay sober after a 3 month relapse. The only time I've drank or wanted to is around a certain friend who drinks daily. She's gotten to the point now where she's says I'm weak for wanting to drink around her and says I have abandoned her and gets borderline abusive with me when I try to explain my feelings (she's pinched me screamed ect) It's quite embarrassing and I haven't talked about it with anyone in my real life because I don't even know how to start. ...Anyone else have a 'friend' like this? I don't know how to deal with this person and because of my nature I feel I actually am responsible for helping her. 
----------immediate responses--------

Bloody hell. That doesn't sound like a particularly healthy friendship at the moment...I've been a daily drinker for years up until a number of days ago and it sounds like she just wants a drinking buddy. The thing is if you don't drink with her then she's this solo-drinker and that probably waves a red flag up in her head that she might have a problem and who wants to confront that situation!..In my experience you can't be responsible for someone else when it comes to drink and drugs. My husband got me to promise numerous times that I wouldn't drink and I still did he even removed all the booze from the house kept checking on me every hour...I just learned to lie and hide it better...Congratulations on your sobriety but now you need to protect it and this situation sounds stressful as hell. I'd tell her that you can't be around her whilst she's behaving like that and that's how it is. If she wants help to stop great point her in the direction of help but she needs to take these steps for herself.
My "friends" treat me with courtesy and respect.  ..If I keep people in my life that treat me otherwise I ask myself "what's my payoff for continuing this unhealthy relationship?"
Someone else on this site said "In sobriety I don't allow anything toxic in my life whether in liquid or in human form." I thought this was very smart. Unfortunately I have had to let a few friends go but -- no more toxicity!
She doesn't sound like a friend to me. Keep your distance. Do not seek her out. Be supportive if she sats she needs you but walk away the minute she starts being abusive. Tell her you can't be around her when she treats you like crap. 
I would associate with different people maybe those whose lifestyle and goals align with mine.
Doesn't sound like a true friend to me. My close friends offer nothing but support and love. 
Sounds awful.  Ditch the dead weight
I personally wouldn't be friends with her any longer. I've personally cut people out of my life for much less. You deserve respect kindness and compassion. 
