-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jwepx/i_am_on_day_1_and_really_struggling_how_do_you/

I have been drinking almost a bottle of wine a day -- for awhile.  THere are nights -- it's only 2 glasses.  But I haven't missed a day without booze in over a year...It's getting worse.  I told myself this morning -- that this has to stop. I'm 41 and I see it aging me. My eyes are puffy -- my skin looks awful and I just know in the morning -- I feel awful...I drank about 5 glasses of wine yesterday -- just started drinking because of fighting with my fiance.  ..He hates that I drink -- he only thinks I drink 2 glasses a day  and he likes to make me out to be a felon...He will say "i'm watching you".  "I hate living with an alcoholic".  "I see you"...There have been days I have gone with one glass of wine and I mentioned it to him and he will say "you want an award or something that's called NORMAL -- which you aren't"..It's hard to do this - i drink a lot because of him and his annoying words and meanness.  But I want personally to leave him AND i want my final days in the relationship to be sober --so he won't say "it was the alcohol"...No -- I am going to show him.  I am healthy and THEN I will leave...Please give me some courage to stay on track tonight.  We are going to dinner and he knows I love my wine -- ..Edit update -- I chose to go to the grocery store and asked him if we could eat at home. He said yes. I have made it so far without wine but he is being very annoying and even said "you seem angry (after he groped mea nd I didn't immediately jump to have sex with him or kiss him (annoying) ..He said -- my baby isn't drinking tonight -- But if you want some -- go ahead! ..I can't believe that he is encouraging me to drink -- 
----------immediate responses--------

I went out for dinner last week first time in many years I had been out to dinner with out drinking. The first hour was hard and I think I drunk about 1 litre of sparking water in an hour but then the craving passed. I enjoyed my dinner and managed to eat way more than normal (including two desserts!) and I felt good afterwards and amazing the next day. ..I kept reminding myself 'avoid the first drink and you will be fine' even though the little voice in my mind kept suggesting 'what if I just have one...' ..I'm going out to dinner again tonight and I keep thinking about cancelling then I remind myself the more I go out without drinking the easier it will be. ..I won't drink with you today :) 
I'm sorry you are struggling. My relationship with my husband was toxic as was my relationship with alcohol. Staying sober is one of the most difficult things I have ever done and impossible without professional help. A therapist psychiatrist rehab outpatient and AA made sobriety taught me how to have the sober happy life I have today. ..I was honest with my doctor about how much I was drinking because of concerns of withdrawal. Medication made detox safer. 
Your relationship with wine sounds similar to mine. I am also struggling and tired of it. I will not drink with you tonight. :)
Congrats on your decision to stop drinking!  You'll find lots of support here.  I had about a bottle a day habit too.  Take it 15 minutes at a time if you have to!  
Getting sober so that your exit can be meaningful is a noble idea but it sure sounds hard to me.  It seems natural that the toxicity you experience in your relationship would cause your problem to be worse.  I know that it sounds like the best path to do them in that order but you need to look out for yourself not prove anything to another person. You might be much more successful if you just tackle it all at once and then you can approach your sobriety with a clean slate.
Remember that voice is not the voice of reason. It is the voice of the hobgoblin of addiction.
Tell it to shut up.  Distract.  Delay.  Write down the pros (feed the monkey) cons list them out.  Do you want the benefits?  I read the Saturday Shares in the sidebar.  That can give you hope and a new perspective.  I won't drink with you today.
You can do it! I was up to two bottles a night (three a day on the weekends) and I just remember how bad I felt all the time. just think about how happy you'll be to wake up feeling great! Can you avoid going out to dinner for a while? 
I am trying really hard --  I am made it already to 7:40pm.  I can hang on for 2 more hours and go to sleep...Do you think a bottle of wine a night -- will leave me with a withdrawal?  ..I am afraid to look at the symptoms because I bet I will start imagining having them -- even if I don't...Also I am trying to focus on how much better my face will look in a short amount of time -- .I know the alcohol is making me puffy and swollen.  ..I see it -- and I want to at least see if I can see a difference.  I can make it 3 days -- right?
Maybe take a pass on dinner tonight.  You only have yourself to be accountable to.  Consider some positive group support.  Maybe AA or supportive friends or online help..Be strong..Best of luck!
I couldn't find any way but to fight it head on and I still am but after 3 days it is got MUCH easier. It's like drowning a rat. When you succeed it's like being free of a shameful demonic curse. After a week or so every time I hear the "just one" voice it's no longer mine. Long way to go. Let's start by surviving this evening. You can do it!
...and by the way that sounds really awful. Take care of yourself!
OMG -- so my fiance literally just said "oh baby -- you aren't drinking tonight.  Maybe we can be nasty -- I want to see what's soft and warm down there -- like the salmon on your plate...Then he said "it's ok if you want to have a drink"  "it's fine with me"..WTF -- He berates for me alcohol then he tells me I should have some?
For me alcohol was a relationship killer.  When I was an active alcoholic I could not show up emotionally for my first marriage.  Now that I am a recovering alcoholic my second marriage is far far better because I can be present.  I have seen many other relationships improve when the alcoholic goes into recovery.  If the parties keep drinking things usually get worse not better.  I have also seen relationships used as an excuse to keep drinking or for relapse.
1. If you're really an alcoholic you won't be able to just have one so it's better to abstain totally...2. Your drinking isn't caused by fighting with your fiance. You drink because you want to...3. He sounds like kind of a jerk sorry :).
Your fianc  sounds like a douchebag 
Although I'm not seriously into AA ( never done the steps or shared at one) for the first few months for me meetings helped. Just seeing and listening to other people sober and happy being sober can give me hope when i need it.
Avoid the first one. 
It's the case with a lot of alcoholics that both the alcoholic and the people closest to them need education on addiction.  A lot of alcoholics struggle with their spouses and significant others when first getting sober that's why a lot of treatment programs offer education to the family as well. There are resources like al-anon that may really help your fianc  understand your struggle. 
It sounds like you have a few challenges on your hands..You want to stop drinking...so stop..You say that you want to "show him" and then "leave"..Life is not a game...if you are going to leave then leave..You are not in a healthy relationship..If you stay with your partner you will likely continue to be challenged with both your drinking and your future mental health..I hope you are able to find a friend or other support to help you transition the complex situation you are currently involved in..I will not be drinking with you today..I too don't want to continue to have dysfunctional relationships with people and alcohol.
2 things - ..1. Why are you guys engaged?..2. You have to get sober for you because you want to. Or else it will never work. You can't blame him for your drinking nor can you make him the reason for sobriety (even / especially out of spite). Figure out why you want to get sober for yourself and then go from there. 
