-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jwoqf/badge_reset/

Just reset my badge to 0 days. I finished my job 3 months ago to start a self employed job and have been struggling with the transformation and lack of direction with no rules or any structure to follow. I have been blackout or close to blackout drunk every day for the last 3 months and the daily anxiety and tiredness is starting to bring depression into the fold also....Feeling down and out. Treating my kids like an annoyance and wife with contempt. Sad way to live a life....Good luck to you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Is there a mentor or someone who can tell you what you need to do?  I work from home and  I have struggled with discipline to prospect for new accounts.  I let it slide and now I really need to work hard fast.  One step at a time.  Get a business plan.  Even back of the napkin basics and a check list and I try and set hours I'm working.  I won't drink with you today.
Just think if you wanted to hire an employee to do a good job running this business of yours....would you want someone sober to do it or someone who blacks out almost daily?
Thank you for your honesty.  Treating my kids like an annoyance was a big reason for me to stop.  I have been sober for (only) seven days and can already see that they are behaving better because I am behaving better.   I am not lashing out as much and losing my temper and low and behold things have been pretty peaceful.  I also am more present with them and am not rushing through our whole evening just so I can get to the wine after they fall asleep....not that I ever waited.  Hang in there.  It will get better..
I also struggle with self organisation/motivation as a self employed person I've found making lists (as clich  as it sounds) to be the easiest way of getting my shit together without making the effort to set some kind of system up...If something is written down and visible (say on a whiteboard) then I find myself more likely to get it done so I get the satisfaction of striking a line through it or moving it into a different category (eg completed to invoiced).
