-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6k0sih/negative_personality_change_when_sober_relapse/

I started a 6-week summer job where it's currently week four. I'd been sober for a month and got my aa chip on Monday (thanks weekly aa meetings It's been years since I've done that) Yesterday I was pulled to the side by my boss and a coworker to address my "negative and mean attitude" I broke down crying about how I've tried to quit drinking/pills and my stress tolerance has been crazy lowered. My coworker basically replied with a judgmental look. I muttered a lie about having to call my sponsor and instead left for the rest of the day went home mixed alcohol with xanax and passed out. I don't know how to go to work and "fix my attitude" without continuing my relapse. Currently I'm gripping my old 24-hour aa chip. Any advice? ..tl;dr Got sober for summer job. Just relapsed after 1 month sobriety because coworkers called me out about "bad attitude" (connected to withdrawal) Don't know what to do. UPDATE: I skipped work today.
----------immediate responses--------

I would be much more worried about my long term sobriety than a six week summer job. I'd forgive myself for the lapse and not let it turn into a relapse. And forgive the judgmental idiot coworker.  I don't know why but temporary jobs like that seem to attract those types. 
I am sorry. When a similar thing happened to me years ago I did two things: got back on my program immediately and invoked what I'd heard in a meeting: "Act as if." I wasn't too much less miserable inside but my work relationships improved and soon I felt better.
I'm so sorry  you got so upset from a comment.  I would encourage you to look into Smart Recovery which is based on cognitive behavior therapy and more specifically Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy.  They have a workbook $15 I got on Amazon.  They have online meetings with a variety of topics styles and leaders.  Your story brings to mind one of the lessons I learned about what other people are saying.  That is all we have control over is what our reaction is to what other people say.  For all you know these two are baring the weight of the world and have distorted perception.  Who knows?  I also like to try and pause the hardest thing for me before I speak.  To think.  For me one thing I'm working on is: Does this person need to know this information?  Is it a benefit to me to reveal it?  Is it on topic?  I hope this helps.  Don't worry about getting your feathers ruffled.  Maybe it's a good lesson to try and relax and sway like a willow in the wind when uncertainty and conflicts blow.  Just rambling here.  Have a great day and I won't drink with you today.  Congrats for coming right back.  You got this.
Anyone who has a judgmental attitude regarding someone in recovery is an asshole. Argh. This pisses me off. I am so sorry you had such a crappy experience. *hugs* 
I've been keeping a journal most days just on my Notes app on my phone just general tidbits about how I feel during the day. I started tracking a marked increase in irritability around day 30. I've controlled for everything else I can think of and nothing seems to have changed in my life during that time. It lasted for about a week went away and then 2 days ago it kicked back up. Irritability is very unusual for me and lately it's been pretty bad- almost no patience with coworkers frustration poor memory... . .  . I have broken other habits before this one and I can tellyou that there is a similar stage around this time at least for me. Try to remember that it may last a while but it gets better just stick it out! There will likely be other short shitty stages ahead but recognize it for what it is- real change that you can feel
