-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6k53k4/alcohol_and_weight/

I'm posting this because my biggest motivating factor for quitting drinking is weight loss and I want to give others some perspective on what can potentially happen cuz it's happening to me.....Basically I would spend hours searching google for before and after photos of people who quit drinking. I'd read stories of those who lost weight and those who gained. And then I finally realized the only way I would figure out what would happen to my body is if I were to quit drinking and find out for myself.  ..I always assumed I would gain weight because I drink mostly vodka soda (although recently it's been more so white wine) and I avoided non alcohol carbs like the plague. However I still figured the sugar craving from the alcohol being broken down in my system would kick in and I'd be a bottomless pit come 5 o'clock. My normal week was to be utterly drunk 3-4 days and only completely sober 1 maybe 2. I always counted calories and never exceeded 2000. Normally with alcohol AND food I would consume about 1600 but I couldn't seem to lose any weight. ..Yet surprisingly I've been pigging out on fruit (sugar/carbs!!!!) I plowed through a huge bag of tortilla chips I'm no longer weighing my food and I am losing weight. I know it's only been a week but this is the longest I've went without having a drop in YEARS. .Is my body just functioning properly? I don't understand why this is happening but I am not complaining and I am going to continue monitoring myself. .I don't plan to completely quit alcohol and I am hoping taking breaks 15-30 days now and then will help me with moderation. Or if the results stay super f'ing amazing maybe I will quit for good. ..tl;dr - I struggle with food weight loss and alcohol. Quitting the alcohol + upping my food intake = still losing weight. =]..
----------immediate responses--------

It's definitely that your body is functioning better. Your body's number one task when you drink is to process the alcohol. It uses all your minerals and vitamins and depletes your body. It is not as simple as calories in/calories out when it comes to alcohol. It is a poison. Your body is drained fighting it. ..Now your body is breaking down the food more efficiently using the surplus vitamins and minerals and it can start focusing on reparing the damage. 
Oh and same amount of days nice. 
It's a fairly vain reason for quitting drinking but whatever works right. My main reason was health. I'd always been fairly active - played sports as a kid and still do now I'm in my mid to late 30's. My normal weight hovered around 95kg for at least 10 - 13 years I'm 5'11 so I thought I carried it ok. When concentrating (I only did it once for a short time) on losing the extra weight I got down to like 92kg but still drinking. This time I'm off the booze still exercising but eating whatever I want and I'm down to 85kg - the lightest i've been since my early 20's. .Giving up booze has been the easiest way to lose hard to shift kg's and I eat whatever. Enjoying ice cream with my daughter was something I steered away from when I was getting those empty calories through drinking.
I've lost about 20 lbs since I quit drinking just over 4 months ago. It was quite slow at first then really started to pick up about 2 months in. I feel fantastic better than I have in years.... and bonus I have a whole "new" wardrobe: all the clothes I had grown too fat for over the last few years...Weight loss is just one of the many reasons why I'm grateful to be sober today.
Im down from 245 to 198 as of today. Its amazing. I havent been this low since high school. After 30 lbs came off i felt good enough to start a gym habit which has slowed the weight loss bc im putting on a ton of muscle. Which makes me really happy. Good luck!
I don't know I always loose weight when I drink because I just don't eat.  But here is my theory no matter if you are underweight or overweight your gonna get healthier.  The reason is because your life is more ordered when you are not drinking.  You are more likely to eat at the proper times and sleep at the proper times which means you are living a healthier life style.  But yeah when I drink my life is anything but ordered and of course my health takes the toll from it.
I lost 20 lbs within a year of quitting and I'm keeping it off. Used to weigh 180. .[Here's me this past weekend at a con](https://i.imgur.com/Niabi5k.jpg)
Some of this could be the effects of dehydration and your body attempting to rehydrate you properly...The morning after a heavy session I could be 7 or 8lb *lighter* than the day before and then later that day as I replaced the lost water I would be back up even higher than I started - it would usually take a couple of days to level off again. ..So over the course of a few days I could go 160&gt;153&gt;163&gt;160. Your weight will naturally fluctuate and drinking and its after effects only make this more extreme - so your body will take a while to adjust to a more normal state.
[removed]
I also seem to be more active when I avoid drinking.  More exercise through doing household projects cleaning more getting out and seeing the world more than I do when I drink and while away the days sitting drunk in a chair getting fatter.   They never show that in the alcohol ads.  ..Consuming fewer calories and spending more through movement = weight loss.  I'm down 12 pounds in about 3 months.  Some days I've really pigged out on snack type food too.  "Anything but drinking" I'll say as I unwrap my third fudgesicle of the day.
I find that my eating habits always improve when I stop drinking. I eat more but still lose weight! Plus I'm taking better care of my body. This is one of my motivations for quitting too. Having to count calories and carefully measure everything just so you can drink later is EXHAUSTING. And the alcohol calories are no joke. Plus the occasional binge eating after ugh. The fact that so many of my calories have come from something like alcohol with no nutritional value is rather upsetting for me. I always feel better (and look slimmer) when I'm nourishing my body properly...Good luck to you! We've got this!
Likely water weight at first. 
