-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kbthe/even_at_20_i_knew_i_had_a_problem/

Today looking at my Facebook memories I saw a post I made 7 years ago in 2010. I was 20 and it was about quitting drinking. I remember I failed and my boyfriend at the time dumped me his reasoning being I loved the bottle more than him. ...This has been such a long struggle and it was a blunt reminder that I *have* lost things in the past due to drinking. It seems so easy to forget sometimes. I get a lot of negative feelings when I look back on my posts in the Facebook memories and this was no different but in a way it strengthened my resolve in my decision that this has been necessary. My problem didn't get better in the 7 years from then until now if I continued on the drinking path where would I be in another 7 years? I don't want to find out. ...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Trust me I did the research for you - and drank til I was 37.  You didn't miss anything good.  :)
 Can confirm! Another 7 years you would be me. And it's horrible! You would have another 7 years of puking another 7 years of wasted money another 7 years of horrible anxiety another 7 years of straight up REGRET! I'm 34 Trust me trust me just quit. I thought I was old then oh my geez I'm definitely old now. But hey I'm sober you're sober. Let's stay that way. 
Thanks! Probably when I was 23 or so. 
I had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol from the start. I blacked out my first time drinking if that means anything. I could never have just one. Like you I realized I had a serious problem early on and the problem just got worse especially once I turned 21 and was able to go to buy alcohol at liquor stores. ..Congratulations on two months without alcohol! Feels good doesn't it?
I started thinking about quitting at 27. I had a year sober here and there mixed in with a few months here and a few months there. I am 33 and it is still a battle. When I had a slip a few years ago that would lead to a full relapse of months of drinking. Now if I have a slip I recognize it and learn and get back to sobriety the next day. It is a struggle. I am working on no slips now. :) ..
