-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6keko1/putting_one_foot_in_front_of_the_other_its/

Thank you so much to everyone here at SD  I couldn't have done this on my own. June 30th 2016 I was desperate looking for some help with my alcohol abuse and searching on line I found this site. Since ever since it has been my only source of strength to stay sober that's why I can't go unobserved this date to say thank you dear fellows to keep me alive to keep me sober during all this time..It was so hard for myself to get back on my feet after a 20 months relapse before that I had been sober for more than 8 years today marks ONE NEW SOBER YEAR and today is all what it counts for me one day at the time I have put 365 days together.  When Abebe Bikila won the Olympic Marathon in 1960 with a word record running barefoot was asked how he did it  his answer was "very easy just putting one foot in front of the other".  As an alcoholic the hardest part was to get back to the Wagon from there on it's been turning a lot of more easier as long I stayed connected to a source of sobriety like this site and aware all the time of my condition because alcohol for me is a substance that poison all my system and transform my person in its slave. .After one year I have lost about 20 pounds improved my blood pressure to the normal I've been eating healthy taking care of myself and my family and I'm ready to keep moving forward. For me this is only one life and I can't waste it being all wasted most of the time..I have a 4 years old boy and believe me there is not a better reward that my son's hugs and kisses. Today is the day to be thankful with life for a second chance thankful to have found this community where I can be who I am without being judged. Being sober has renewal the hope for a better tomorrow and for sure I'm not alone to pursue this personal commitment to be a happy sober person. .Be strong we aren't alone anymore and of course I won't drink with you today and I promise I'll treat myself good today because I can't deny it  it's a day of celebration!      ..PS. Please excuse my punctuation English is my second language but thank you to all my English speaking fellows to talk to me in alcoholism language.
----------immediate responses--------

This is awesome! Congratulations on a great year and happy sober birthday!  I'm going to celebrate with you by putting one foot in front of the other and not drinking with you...Long may you run!    
Congratulations! This is awesome!
Well done on your achievement and thanks for sharing your advice 
Congratulations on a year!
Congratulations on 365 days. Thank you for sharing your  story. Today I'll continue my steps to sobriety. I will not drink with you lovely people 
Congrats and thanks for sharing :)
congrats this is a big deal   - keep on...
Really enjoyed your post. Congratulations on your year!   
Congrats on being back to sobriety for a year. That's great. I will celebrate with Ingwer tea and chocolate muffins  
A thousand congratulations! Well done :) Your English is fine by the way. Enjoy treating yourself!
Congratulations on hitting a fantastic milestone! Hope you have a special day with your son. 
365 congrats.  Well done you!!
Congratulations! It's so wonderful to hear when one of our fellows is doing so well. :)
Congratulations! Beautifully well said you are a testament to the fact that one can fall down and get back up again. Very inspirational.
Thanks for sharing.  What is the best benefit you received from not drinking in the last year excluding the obvious like no hangovers.  I won't drink with you today.
Hearing things like this help me stay motivated - thank you! Working on Day 9 today.
