-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kg6rc/accepting_the_sometimes_humdrum_nature_of_life/

Someone posted during the past week or so about his pink cloud lasting a year or so and just now struggling with realizing that life can be sort of hum-drum. I looked for the post but couldn't find it...I thought about this a lot last night as I was grocery shopping. I had a childhood with a lot of upheaval and change (and grew up in and around NYC which is in itself a very exciting place to be) and it's been hard to settle down and accept that very often days consist of just doing what needs to be done and finding pleasure in the small things. ..I've always struggled with this but being sober has helped me accept it; and I think my sobriety depends on me accepting it. It feels like a relief in some ways but in others it can be challenging. ..Working on being at peace with what is easy does it etc. Seems like a nice way to be but it's not my default yet. 
----------immediate responses--------

I really appreciate your perspective as it's something that I find myself often thinking about. I agree that being sober definitely helps with mindfulness and enjoying the experience of things for the sake of the experience. If your journey is anything like mine (I also live in a busy east coast city) "settling down" will creep up on you but I also wonder if I will ever be able to embrace true peace. ..I'm reminded of the Zen saying that "The only peace you find on the mountaintop is that which you bring with you."..I sometimes wonder if there's something in the consequentialism of alcohol (e.g. "I drink to feel a certain way" or "to get to a certain place") and all the planning that went into the day-to-day of feeding my addiction that has biased me towards means-based-thinking as opposed to ends-based-thinking. Or maybe I'm just wired to think of things as means and not to enjoy them as ends which is why I was more likely to be an addict in the first place. ..Part of the enjoyment of sobriety for me is enjoying the moments of the journey towards being able to enjoy the journey :) Everything is progress. Sorry for the rambling and thanks for your thought!
This is a great post and something that has me worried lately. I'm not really used to a "peace and quiet" lifestyle either and keeping myself constantly busy and entertained with new hobbies or activities has been a big coping skill of mine. I basically had to cut everyone I knew out of my life when I quit and boredom/loneliness seems to be a big trigger for wanting a drink but the busy work can't last forever. Life is just boring sometimes. I'm hoping by the time my new hobbies and stuff wear out I'll have some new coping skill in place or mabe a new group of sober friends or I'll just have some kind of peace in my brain that allows me to enjoy the hum-drum life. 
I love everything that you said here. Well I don't love the feeling but I love how you articulated it...Over the last few months I've been mulling over this concept too. One thing I'm learning is that "mundane" is just another label. Just call me the "label maker." I've realized I put labels on everything and not all of the labels are accurate. Probably most of them are not. ..What else can "mundane" be perceived as? That's where I'm at these days...Have a [label-less] weekend! Let's enjoy the moments :)
