-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kkb5w/moms_in_the_hospital_for_heart_surgery_and_she_is/

My mom was diagnosed with terminal heart failure around this time last year and they said she had two years to live unless she had surgery. She was simultaneously told she was too high risk for the surgery because of her other health problems (especially autoimmune disease). So.. that sucked. She got her affairs in order because she assumed there was nothing she could do. ..She fell a few days ago after having some chest pains and went to ER. The doctor told her that her heart was barely functioning at all and that she's lucky she made it as far as the hospital. And that she has to do the surgery within the week or she could basically die any minute. Because it's so dire the surgeon who consulted her just yesterday said yes there could be complications with your other health issues but to not have the surgery means certain death anyway so... might as well try. ..My mom's 56. I'm 29. My father died when I was 21 so when she goes I've got aunts uncles and cousins in other states but that's it. It's all a lot to bear. Despite knowing for a year that her heart was not good nothing prepares you for the moment when shit hits the fan and you have to actually deal with it. ..The other thing that's hard... she has a lot of mental health issues and has been absolutely the most intolerable patient. Angry verbally abusive to nurses etc. I've spent most of my time apologizing to them for how she treats them. And she has not decided whether to have the surgery. I have to sit there and listen to my own mother tell me that she basically doesn't want to actually survive this. "If I do the surgery and have 5 or more years added to my life... then what? I'll still be sick and I'll still be in pain and who wants that?" ..It's so hard. My mom has been sick all her life and so I thought I was used to it. I grew up in hospital waiting rooms because she always had to have this or that procedure done. But it was never life or death like this. ..In my AA program I have developed a sense of a Higher Power pulling the strings behind the scenes. I've developed a faith that things will work out the way they are supposed to. This is testing that. What makes sense about possibly losing both of my parents in my 20s? What lesson could life possibly be trying to teach me and why? This just seems cruel. I have a friend in his early 50s who is doing a lot of caregiving for his 80-something father and I cannot help but be jealous. Both of his parents made it to their 80s and I may never know what that very typical life experience is like. If I get married someday neither of my parents will be at my wedding. If I have kids someday they will not have grandparents on my side. It's just not how life is supposed to work and I get jealous how sometimes others get to just take it all for granted. I'd give anything to take my Mom's health for granted and have her for another 20-30 years. ..So far I have not had the urge to drink. I want to smoke about 10 packs of cigarettes but alcohol has not crossed my mind. I think I know on a deep level that alcohol never solved my problems and never will. ..But I am still posting because I could really use some internet hugs and that talking about one's struggles is the first step toward preventing relapse. This month has been a doozy between basically losing my job and now having to   be scared about my mom. ..<3 
----------immediate responses--------

sending you my prayers and hugs.. I can't imagine. My mom is all I have left and I'm always worried in the back of my mind.
I'm sorry you're going through this. Internet hugs for you!  My mother is similar to yours not healthy mentally ill and fatalistic about her own healthcare. What you're talking about your needs and how you feel about losing her and your future - that's so important and valid and it is unfair to you.  It is sad.  You are not alone.  I'm glad you're not going to drink for this.
I have no words to comfort other than I am saying a prayer for you and your mum...Although it's hard to do its important to take care of yourself at this time...
HUG
Thinking of you as you face this. When I faced similar challenges I tried to remember one minute at a time.
I'm so sorry you and your mom are going through this.  My thoughts are with you!  Sending you all the internet hugs.
I'm so so sorry   internet hugs!!!   
I'm so sorry you lost your father so young and that your mother is in ill health. I just cannot imagine having to go through that at your age.  It's more than you should have to bear. You and you mom will be in my thoughts. Huge (((hugs))) sent your way tonight.
I'm sorry you're going through this...&gt; nothing prepares you for the moment when shit hits the fan and you have to actually deal with it..I lost my mum to cancer 9 years ago you're right in that nothing prepares you for it when it happens. Looking back I feel somewhat priviliged that we had the chance to say goodbye and I had the chance to give real thanks for all she'd done. Many people don't get to do that...Internet hugs to you not drinking with you today..
I'm so sorry that you're having to deal with all of this and trying to stay sober at the same time. Please find some way to nurture and care for yourself. 
Take care and look after you xx
