-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kmo7a/plateau/

Lately I've felt quite neutral about sobriety and felt almost like a relapse waiting to happen. Whenever my thoughts become negative and I begin to think "f**k it" I am in danger of relapsing. I was very close about a week ago. I bought beer took it home then poured it out. But it was close. Then on holiday a waiter brought me alcoholic ginger beer instead of alcohol free and I took a sip before I realised. I didn't drink anymore of it but I had to really convince myself. ..I must recommit to sobriety it's the best thing I've ever done. Every single fuckup I've made over the past few years is directly caused by alcohol. I hate what it's cost me and it all haunts me but need to continue to embrace the present moment and realise the benefits of remaining sober. I'm so much calmer and more reasonable my emotions are more resilient my relationship is so much better... 
----------immediate responses--------

Know that feeling mang it's got a strong hold but you can overcome it with enough determination but I don't reckon there's anything wrong with treating ypurs of once in a while eh?
I have a little recitation of intentions that I do every morning and part of it is to stay sober today. Just today. Next month will have to wait 'til I get there. Making that decision early in the day has helped. I'll probably do it tomorrow too we'll see. 
Glad you're here!  You can do it!..The battle indeed gets easier...When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
You and I are about the same number of days in. The thought has been popping into my mind as well why not one Scotch wouldn't it be nice? I think enough time has passed that we are momentarily forgetting the horror that would inevitably follow. So while I'm doing this one day at a time I am making mini goals of one more week one more month. I can chase the thoughts from my mind but I don't appreciate them a shave not invited them!
What's your plan? In terms of the relapse cycle you sound like you're in it.  If you don't want that to happen what will you do differently? It sounds like you see the benefits for yourself of *not* drinking so what are the pay-offs of making the choice *to* drink?..I have circled that drain and relapsed after 2+ years and then 11+ years sober. I know that nothing is better for me when I drink nothing.  If I'm feeling vulnerable now I make sure to take myself out of situations where there may be alcohol (coming back to the early on dry places/dry people scene) and dive a bit deeper into "why" I want to drink.  That's where for me the difference in getting sober and being in recovery came in.  I may have a throw-away "why" - it's summer and a cold beer sounds really good or I'm at a concert and a glass of wine won't hurt...but even those have something underneath them like I want to fit in or FOMO or something...It's great you're noticing your "neutrality" toward sobriety.  I have to keep my commitment foremost in my mind and intentions every day because I unfortunately know where that slippery slope will lead me...
Ugh I know the feeling. 7 years sober and I still have those feelings every once in awhile -- especially when the weather starts getting warm.  Like one of the other commenters said the fact that you recognize it and you are aware of the plateau feeling is a good thing.  I for one am going to walk over to the fridge right now crack open an ice cold diet IBC root beer and congratulate you for staying sober!
I relapsed with one night of drinking after 9 months and it totally was not worth it. I felt so guilty and shitty and haven't drank since. Play it out in your head you're going to feel bad drinking and you're going to have to drink so much to try to quiet the guilt and shame. That day sealed the deal for me. I can't drink normally. Now I take a look at those first thoughts of wanting to drink and realize that it is the disease talking and I don't have to follow it
I think I'm in a similar place. The past week I have been thinking about drinking. The newness of the rush of my will power has worn off. I miss those times my husband I would just go out for a drink. 
You got this.  Maybe it would be good to write down the cost benefit analysis in all ways not just money.  I won't drink with you today.
