-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6knw3j/where_im_calling_from/

I was sober for three and a half months January-March of this year. Then relapsed badly I almost lost my job. My finances went down the toilet. I destroyed friendships and worsened my already tarnished reputation. ..Last week while blackout drunk I cut my leg wide open while climbing an abandoned building. Luckily a friend was there to take me to the ER. I was stitched back together and given anti-biotics. What did I do the day after? Went on a 3 day bender...On the third day I realized that my leg was horribly infected. The infection was  spiderwebbing through my veins all along my calf and under my thigh. A friend of mine described it as "some civil war shit" Franticly I contacted a family friend/physician. He calmly explained that I needed to clean the fuck out of the wound and get my anti-biotics. ..Funny thing about anti-biotics: you can't drink on them. If you do they simply won't work. I had no choice but to get sober out of necessity. ..Yesterday (day 2) I went to the bookstore to pass some time. I picked up a copy of Raymond Carver's collection of short stories Where I'm Calling From. In his stories he often describes people whose lives have been derailed by alcohol abuse. He writes of the spiritual and emotional damage of alcohol. The helplessness of family life with an alcoholic/alcoholics. I blazed through the book. It hit home. In the title story Where I'm Calling From a man slowly unravels the story of being in rehab and what got him there. I won't spoil it for anyone. I highly reccommend it. I was tearing up in the bookstore by the end. ..After putting the book away I went directly to the self-help section. I thumbed through the "Big Book" and others. I settled on a copy of Being Sober by Harry Haroutunian. He simply and methodically explains addiction and gives you well thought out plans to battle the disease. ..I left the bookstore with a burning desire to do whatever it takes to remain sober. I guess the take away is to never under estimate the power of art to move you to change. There's always a message out there waiting to reach you. ..I hope this helps. I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad your sober. It took a recent trip to the ER for me too to quit again. Btw if you google drunks and ER staff you can read what ER staff thinks about us on their message boards... Long story short they don't like us :(..Thanks for the Raymond Carver recommendation I will read it ASAP. I'm literate but not literary and the first time I heard about Raymond Carver was from "Birdman". God I love that movie...I will not drink with you today.
P.S. Get a badge and join us. Link is to the right.
Thanks for the book recommendation &amp; welcome!  Today is a beautiful day to be sober. I won't drink with you. 
Raymond Carver hit me hard too when I read his stuff a few years back he knew the score and you know that when you read him. It's sad what a liquid can do to us and our lives when we have so much potential. I wish you luck in the future and send some invisible good vibes your way stranger. Take care.
Great book tip. Never read his work going to check this out for sure. Glad you're here limbs intact. Time to climb the abandoned building on the inside ;)..I've been thinking about the alcohol/injury paradigm a lot lately. My doctor told me last year "This seems to happen about once a year." She recognized a pattern. But none of my injuries happened while explicitly drunk. More like with a bad clumsy hangover. Then I'd spend a week-two months in bed healing etc. Usually sober the first few days then gradually sinking back into my old drinking pattern. Dealing with the pain and the "what have I done" feelings provided a sort of escape or rehabilitation. The pain. Meditative...Then low and behold yesterday on my 14th day sober 1 year and 4 months from my last serious injury I stumbled on the way back to bed (sober!) tripped on a chair leg and smacked my face full body weight and speed into the square stone corner of the fireplace. Will require surgery...What the heck!? Is there some subconscious phenomena causing me to injury myself or something? Some curse. Some vengeful spirit? It just seems so weird. So out of the blue. Took a nap after the ER and when I woke up I was like "Oh god what have I done." I thought I was hungover... then I remember I was sober. It was awkwardly a worse feeling...I'll not be drinking with you tonight! Stay strong.
rock bottom is a perfect foundation to start a new life. 
I've read everything he's written. I was a fanatic in college. Nobody writes about the down and out as well as Carver. His short stories are amazing and his poetry is the best. Buy all the Raymond Carver you can. It's all really great...Take care.
