-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kq5rc/told_my_drinking_friends_i_dont_drink_anymore/

See title. This has been really irritating I have flat out told some close friends I am done drinking and then they ask me to hangout while they are drinking. It's like I'm not going to put myself in that situation where I could easily relapse. I am going to AA and doing the work. These guys also drink like I used to. They go hard. Really frustrating.
----------immediate responses--------

You're smart to avoid! Lots of people hanging out here not drinking... and the IRC is active. ..I'll be not drinking with you tonight. Stay strong!
I do not know your story but I know that friends come and go. You might realize that you only hung out with them to drink. 
I agree that sounds frustrating. ..However I find that I'm at my best when I focus on what I have control over. I certainly do not have control over how other people might react to my actions. I have control over my decisions and the amount of effort I can put into something. That's it. When I accept that I cannot change other people I find it's a lot easier to accept them and thus not get annoyed by their actions. They are just being who they are. It sounds like you are doing a good job being you. Keep it up!
Yeah that sounds frustrating. A lot of people especially those in AA report that making sober friends is really necessary especially early in recovery. In my case I have been able to keep my (mostly drinking) friends. I avoided bars for the first couple months. Then slowly as my confidence grew (solidified with beliefs found in the book The Naked Mind) I started hanging occasionally at bars parties etc. I actually found it surprisingly easy. I go to bars fairly frequently now with no issue. Might not be true for you but just tossing out my data point. Best of luck. 
Yeah it's hard. Sobriety has been awesome for my marriage and my relationship with my son and a lot of friends just seem to be all about the drinking all the time. And I just don't want to do it and I don't. I mean I like them still and wish it wasn't like that but there you have it...Nice work on 15 days!
[removed]
Time to meet some new friends?  I've read a lot of people make new friends at AA meet-up groups classes etc....... I'm only 33 days in and I feel better.  I won't drink with you today.
If you think that it would be too tempting to drink if you hung out with them then by all means don't hang out. That being said it kinda sounds like if you hang out with them you don't want THEM to drink which isn't really fair. You gotta do what's right for you...Good work.
"NO" is a complete sentence. 
