-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kspwx/6_monthsreflections/

A HUGE shout out this morning to this community--the love support and encouragement was absolutely key to me making it this far. I could never have done it without all of you...So many things I'm now aware of and grateful for.......1.  Clear headed mornings and tasting coffee--really tasting it--instead of sucking it down to lift the fog around my head.2.  The calmness and peace that has settled in me--I felt like I was chasing something--God knows what--my whole life. That has finally gone away and I'm happy just 'being'..3.  I'm hands down a better mother wife daughter sister colleague and friend. Most proud of being a better mother..4. Almost 50 pounds gone--my thighs no longer touch. My thighs haven't NOT touched since I was about 5. I'm now 50. It's a nice feeling..5.  I'm grateful for having the opportunity to I hope help others who are on this journey. I've loved being a part of this with all of you and I hope I've been able to give back a fraction of what I've gotten...Enjoy this beautiful Sunday everyone. For those of you just starting out or struggling you can do this and I would love to help you. Above all be kind to yourself. You didn't arrive here overnight--it took a long journey--for some a longer journey than others--but it's all part of the trip. Open the door even for just a little crack to welcome peace into your life. It's amazing how it will help guide you and direct you on this journey.
----------immediate responses--------

I love your positive message. I needed that to start my new and final day one. Thank you.
Congratulations!  Thanks for sharing!
Thanks! I am loving the improvements in my life as well. Funny that so much that the bottle causes SO MUCH havoc that whenever connect to it. Happy Sunday!
i am enjoying 6 months today wioth you my friend. enjoy your serenity. 
Thanks for sharing! Not far behind you and this has been the best decision I've ever made. Keeps paying dividends every day.  
Thank you!!!.I love the coffee reference. .I am becoming a better dad husband and human myself. :-)
Woo Hoo!
Thank you so much for sharing this. I'm still in the early stages and lately have been having a sneaking feeling of "oh who cares have a drink is it really a big deal" but have been journaling about how much my life has changed in just 6 weeks in an effort to grab ahold of a recommitment to total sobriety.
I'm very happy for you Eiden!!! Great job!  May I ask what you did when you got intense cravings to drink again? I'm able to go weeks without drinking then I get cravings to get drunk for one night. Sometimes I can overcome those cravings but sometimes I fold and drink
Are you working out?  Congrats on 50 pounds down.  That alone must feel fabulous.  I won't drink with you today.
50 pounds in 6 months! That's amazing! I'm hoping to lose some weight too. You're an inspiration and I won't drink with you today!
Great post! Congratulations and thanks for sharing! No.2 for the win!
Wow ! This is inspiring to read..having a really rough time quitting but this looks like things I want/need.
Awesome!  Thanks for the vibes.  Today is 6 months for me too.  
Just got there too congratulations :) ..Could brew coffee is my new love. 
I love being a fully present mom!  Kudos to you!  
I want nothing more than to be happy just "being". Thank you for sharing that. It encourages me. 
54 here. I agree that clear headed mornings are *the best*. Congratulations and thanks for the inspiration!
Enjoyed your list. Good stuff.   Congratulations on your six months. 
Congratulations!!! So Inspiring !
