-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kt96r/anyone_else_struggling_with_newfound/

I'm 6 weeks into this new way of being. I've lived sober in the past but not consistently since I've had kids and "settled" into a domestic life. ..So here I am seeing my marriage and home life through a totally different clear-eyed prism. My spouse still drinks (one or two a day I think; at first he didn't drink at all when I quit but he seems to be back to it). ..I feel like drinking was a way of me avoiding confrontation. A way of saying "oh fuck it" and dumbing myself down. ..A couple can have a relationship that revolves around drinking and recovering from drinking every day. Great way to avoid talking about the things you do that bother each other...I find that I'm now unable to avoid things that bother me. People who do things that make me feel bad (examples: speaking FOR me in public not respecting my physical boundaries etc.). ..I am trying to be brave in speaking up about things like this and accepting whatever comes from it. This is really hard for me; I grew up with one alcoholic narcissistic for a parent (single parent family only child) and learned great avoidance/enabling tactics! I have had a "live and let live take the path of least resistance" approach for much of my life but there is a point when someone is doing things repeatedly even when you ask them to stop that you have to put your foot down. Right? Or do marriages depend on not letting things bother you? ..Anyone else navigating these new currents in similar ways? Wondering if I should go to a therapist to talk this stuff through. I tend to doubt myself and talk myself out of speaking up/being bothered by things. 
----------immediate responses--------

Marriages thrive on each spouse knowing and respecting the other's boundaries. This involves honest communication. I struggle with it all the time. Especially because I have a fear that if I really try to shape the type of marriage I want and need I will have to reach the conclusion that my current spouse is not the right one for me. ..I was raised in an alcoholic home and do whatever it takes to avoid or end confrontation - making jokes and pleas and keeping myself numb and distracted. I'm working on it but it isn't an easy road.
assertiveness is not a bad thing! Everyone has the right to speak for themselves and feel respected by their loved ones   .In terms of therapy something I read on this sub that I really liked went something like this: "go to therapy! If you don't figure out exactly WHY you drank then you're just a dry drunk anyway." That really hit home for me as I feel like I haven't ever really figured out why I drink which leads to frequent relapses. Going to therapy has the potential to shed light on many issues you or I may be facing; I think it's a positive idea..Best of luck to you congratulations on 41!!!! 
I think going to a therapist sounds like a great idea.  I won't drink with you today.
I am going through the exact same thing. A couple of weeks ago I began Jordan Peterson's past self-authoring program. It essentially asks participants to write an autobiography and reflect on the patterns that emerge. One of my first realizations was I have lacked assertiveness for most of my adult life. This has led to pain for both myself and others. I also realize I was using alcohol to avoid many problems that emerge from a lack of self-efficacy and assertiveness. ..Since this is a problem that preceded my drinking it is deeply rooted. I have avoided dealing with it for far too long but enough is enough. I think the only thing that will make it better is practice. I am dealing with an underdeveloped part of my personality; it's sort of like dealing with a bratty teenager. ...Since getting sober I have become aware of many other unhealthy routines and behaviors in my life. I want to fix them all as soon as possible but I often just end up making a mess and causing confusion for my family. It is prudent to take the long view when these things arise. Your problems are not going to change overnight. It took many years for them to reach the point they are at now. Patience diligence and faith are what we need to get beyond them. The good news is you are dealing with your biggest problem first: keeping the alcohol out of your mouth. That is truly the keystone habit to the changes that will follow for the rest of your life. 
I'm a male and when I saw your headline about being assertive I thought of public situations and I thought that was a very good thing.  but...you are talking about being assertive inside your tribe.  You are in the same boat how much do you want to rock the boat?  Every human gets sick of people around them at some point - everyone.  The most loving couples ever pictured in media have their problems behind the scenes.  There is a cartoon online somewhere of about seven Disney Princesses complaining about their men - the story only shows the yearning for a partner and the first kiss and marriage.   Next comes married with children...a comedy if you like or a never ending series of bad Youtube videos.  Men speak up in public first because they are barking to show dominance and command of a situation - it is hard wired in their brain.  Ignore it.  Have you ever tried to talk to a little kid with some polite questions just to let the kid speak and the kids mother busts in with the answers to the questions?  Same thing.  ..If he's irritating try to get a chance to be in another room or another situation for a bit to give you both a break.  Or try to work on some non-alcohol activities to ease him off the habit.  ..Don't forget that when people stop drinking they are often more irritable and out of sorts.  I have had complaints about how I go on a fix everything up and 'clean your room' attitude with my family.  They started to miss the guy listening to music in the basement with a six pack.  Good luck.  
Yes! Me too!! (Sorry - this is going to be long. Hope you don't mind.)..I drank to stifle my inner voice - the purpose was twofold. On one hand drinking made me more or less indifferent or numb to the emotional abuse I was tolerating in my relationship with my partner. And two because I was more numb and tolerant I bit my tongue a lot refrained from standing up to him or voicing what was bothering me about how he treated me....But it doesn't really work. I could only supress myself for so long. Eventually I became so so miserable. Drinking to numb myself then feeling ashamed because I drank then drinking more to numb myself and dull the pain and shame. It was a nasty viscious circle....And I realize that this is not just an issue in my relationship. Stifling myself and keeping quiet supressing my emotions and not standing up for myself - those were all things I was trained by my parents and grandparents to do since early childhood. It's a long standing maladaptive set of behaviours that I have perfected over the past 40 years....So yes I have found that when I stopped drinking (I know my badge says 2 days but this is not my first time quitting) I have a bit of trouble um running at the mouth so to speak. I've stuffed my thoughts and feelings for so long it's now hard for me to continue stuffing my reactions down without alcohol acting as my ball gag. I'm not mean or inappropriate I don't yell and I'm not angry. ...But I will tell you what I think. I find this is especially true with my mother. There are things she has done to me my sister and the grandkids over the years especially since my father died that are very very hurtful. And my sister and I kept our mouths shut never once called her on it because we were trained not to. But without alcohol in my system I am apt to tell her if she does something hurtful - pointing it out to her....And without the numbing effects of alcohol I came to the conclusion that I was miserable in my relationship and broke things off romantically. ...It's uncomfortable. But at the same time it's refreshing? And overall not easy. I think deep down I knew that if I quit drinking I would have to confront these issues in those two big relationships in my life. But if I kept drinking I could keep the status quo kicking that can down the road. Frankly the idea of quitting drinking and having to deal with that much change was....scary. I put it off as long as I could until drinking began to effect my health and I could no longer ignore the damage it doung to my body....If you can go to a therapist I think you will find it to be immensely helpful. Cognitive behavioral therapy might be especially helpful in teaching you new patterns of thinking and interacting....Anyway I hope you can relate to some of that. Or that my typing it out makes you feel less alone. For what it's worth I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for putting this into words. This is exactly what I have been experiencing although not at home but at work. The situation there is not the best and I always just kept my head down and colored. I find that lately I have been a little *too* outspoken. Honestly I need to curb my tongue.
Oh wow... I'm having the opposite problem I think. Before I'd use alcohol to be chill about things that annoyed me and now I'm more likely to be abrasive and unleash a can of whoop-ass. I get angry far too quickly. A lot of exercise helps though...I agree that a therapist could help with re-learning proper coping methods and communication. Keep trying!
Drinking is a great way to numb out especially for people who contracted the worrying disease from being raised by alcoholic/narcissistic wolves who made us walk on eggshells to remain emotionally safe.  No wonder we drank to have one goddamn thing that was just ours some sort of perverse shelter...And it makes a lot of sense that when removing that shelter we will be vulnerable again sensitive. But we will care this time about ourselves too. And that changes everything...I think it's really brave of you to leave the comfort of numbness so you can heal those wounds and realize that you never deserved for your needs to be ignored and don't deserve that now.  Congrats on doing all this without a map of what your rights are what a proper boundary is etc.  It's easy to feel lost.  But deep down we are not lost.  I think of the child I was when I stand up to mistreatment of what she deserves.  Suddenly it gets very clear that I have the right to honor and protect her as it always does when I am caring for others.  I wish you the absolute best. ..A quotation I like:  When you give yourself permission to communicate what matters to you in every situation you will have peace despite rejection or disapproval. Putting a voice to your soul helps you to let go of the negative energy of fear and regret.  .  Shannon L. Alder
When my husband and i decided to quit drinking  i was terrified.  We started dating after an alcohol fueled hook up and alcohol was a daily part of our lives ever since.  I came to think of alcohol as the third wheel in our marriage.  I was afraid that without alcohol our relationship would crumble.  After all  we didn't really know each other.  I didn't know sober Mr.  Judith_escaped and he didn't know sober me.  It turns out that we are even better sober together.  It was hard at first.  Trying to navigate through feelings and disagreements.  But  we stopped fighting and started actually having productive discussions.  And the best part is that no matter what we discuss or argue about  we both remember it the next day.  It is still a work in progress  but it is also a new beginning.  We get to rediscover each other. It's wonderful to have a second chance.  Good luck.  Keep it up  I won't drink with you today. 
It took me more than a year of sobriety before I could find my way in my relationship with SO. To be honest my first year was shaky for me and I couldn't understand things and still had an alcoholic mindset (minus the alcohol). I wanted to always be right and felt superior to people who still drank...I had a great talk with my SO recently. I asked myself "what can I change and what do I have to accept" and changed what I could. It changed or relationship for the better.
Yes without the pain shame and guilt to silence me I found that I became much more assertive. ..This is not necessarily a bad thing. Sometimes we have things to say that people will benefit from hearing...I try to operate from the premise that if something is true and helpful I should say it. And I do my best to be kind in doing so but sometimes my kindness is viewed as aggression because what I am saying is difficult to hear.
