-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ktse0/90_days_and_my_biggest_struggle_yet/

I hit 90 days! Woo! Though it wasn't as celebratory as I had wished.....Leading up to yesterday when I hit 90 days I've dealt with some uncomfortable things...I had TWO debilitating panic attacks on the way to pick up my mom from the airport. My mom who taught me to minimize my feelings compartmentalize and generally not work through problems. My mom who affected my self esteem so negatively I am still trying to recover. My mom who I spent roughly the past 8 years drinking in excess with. My mom whose advice whenever I was having a bad day was 'have a Xanax and a glass of wine'. Which btw i never did. I never mixed Xanax and alcohol... ..My whole body got tingly during my panic attacks something that hasn't happened for years. I had to pull off the freeway twice to compose myself...These panic attacks made me grateful they made me realize I have a hell of a lot more issues with my mom than I've let myself think over the years. They made me realize I still have work to do. They made me realize I can't get complacent. ..Aside from all of that this weekend we had a memorial for her best friend who died tragically by suicide a month ago. She was a beautiful woman and like a second mother to me but most importantly a friend...She also suffered from anxiety and I remember she was the ONLY one who ever understood my panic attacks. She was also sober for a very long time because she knew the wreckage alcohol created in her life. ..In order to honor her I've held on to my sobriety this weekend with a tight grip. I have not let triggers get the best of me. Despite how uncomfortable I've felt I now feel a type of strength that is foreign to me. I think she would be proud of me if she was still here. I wish I could talk to her about it...We can do this folks we can choose to be who we want to be we can be strong even in the face of tragedy and discomfort. I am proud of myself I am proud of all of you. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

I relate to a lot of this specifically finding strength in hard times and feeling proud of yourself. I spent so long believing that I was weak and damaged. Finding strength and self-pride and gratitude through hard times is a beautiful thing. ..I think your friend would be extremely proud of you. I'm not drinking with you today. 
I think you did an amazing job dealing within this difficult situation! Sometimes I've found the most impressive achievements don't come from feeling good the come from times when we do the right things in the face of difficulty. I'm very proud of you for this. 
I used to have panic attacks and they are NOT fun.  Have you spoken to your doctor about these?  (Disregard this if they only happen around your mother and you don't see her often.)  There are some SSRIs out there that can really help.  I won't drink with you today and congrats on 91!
I'm sorry for your loss.  I think you put your finger on the button in that all change is uncomfortable because it is new.  In time it gets comfortable.  I won't drink with you today.
