-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kxexo/i_can_hear_the_little_voice_telling_me_to_stop/

I know that sounds crazy but bear with me. We all have this inner voice that tries to guide us call it intuition call it self talk but sometimes we hear our own voice in our heads telling us not to do something. I spent 3 years in a toxic codependent chemically fueled and abusive relationship. This resulted in a lot of PTSD.  And there was already a lot of mental health and PTSD that led me to accept someone like him in the first place. I had no self esteem or self worth and I had no hope for my future. ..I've been drinking since a young age but the past 13 months have been progressively the worst in my life. I found other subreddits that only re-enforced my behavior and make it very difficult to hear that little voice. But I can remember so many times in that relationship that it told me I needed to run for my life. Every beating every day of emotional torture and it just slowly got quieter and quieter until the day I almost died and it screamed at me to leave and never look back. ..So here I am in the grips of a horrible alcoholic lifestyle. I was laying on the couch the other day after 2 weeks or more of drinking half a handle a day and sometimes even more. I've honestly found it almost impossible to keep track. My stomach couldn't take it but my body was screaming for another drink. My liver feels swollen most days. My eyes go from being red and white to red and yellow depending on what I am up to. My liver enzymes are normal last I checked but I have such bad pain all around my back and stomach that I know my organs are starting to get angry at me.  I knew I had to at least dry out for a while. Sometimes 16 hours is all I can manage. I don't remember the last time I had more than a day. I am at the point where not at least drinking a little means seizures hallucinations severe anxiety insomnia etc. It means sweating all day dropping everything I try to pick up and I'd do anything to avoid it. And I know the simple answer is to go to the hospital but I don't have that option right now. I also know that going cold turkey could inadvertently put me there regardless. ..There's a huge part of me the alcoholic part that even while writing this keeps saying "You don't have to quit forever. That's silly. You just went a little too far. Cut back." And then my little voice chimes in saying "You know that's not true. You got sober from hard drugs and switched right to another addiction. You can't control yourself and you do need to just stop all together."..So maybe I'll be back. Maybe the little voice will get louder and stronger and prouder. Maybe the addiction will win. All I know is that I have to start trying to come out of the hole filled with other crippling alcoholics that fuels me to keep killing myself slowly. I can't live this way anymore. I hate it. I wake up every day and I struggle with suicidal thoughts. I can't sleep without downing half a handle. I can't get through the day without a secret bottle in my purse. I am literally never sober for more than a few hours and I loathe the point my BAC hits zero because I become so physically ill and mentally fucking tortured. It's starting to scare the shit out of me. It's not just poor choices and being young anymore. This is a cycle of self harm that I can't seem to escape. I've got so much on my mind. My aunt just died I've got trial for the domestic violence coming up I have to testify and I keep telling myself to just keep leaning into the bottle until I fall in for a while longer. But when is it ever a good time? When is it ever right? It probably never is. ..But if there is one thing I learned from the abuse and ignoring my intuition it was that the little voice had never been wrong before. It had always tried to steer me away from pain and suffering and make me a better person. That's what I want. I just want to be better. And I don't want to keep suffering from ignoring that guide inside me. I am sorry this was so long. I am not even sure if you guys will give advice on a taper that will be comfortable safe and effective. Maybe you don't do that here. I have an appointment with mental health in 2 weeks and then I plan to bring all this up but in the meantime I really just need to cut back. I won't come here when I am drinking or already drunk. I just want to feel it out here and see if you guys are as good as I've heard. Please don't judge me for not being over the hump of withdrawal yet. Please don't judge me for not being sober for long yet. Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome :) That voice was little for me in the beginning as well but in time it turned into a roar drowning out all of those shitty thoughts about continuing down the same path. ..As for the tapering we can't give any medical advice you would want to speak with your doctor about that. But we're here for you if you ever need to vent or talk about stuff :) 
If coming out here and posting will keep you from drinking until you see your doc keep on writing!
I knew I was done when the little voice became loud enough to get its point across- there's no point to having the next drink. That next drink would be the road to infinite drinks. Starting that day would mean drinking until I no longer remember and presumably pass out like usual. Drinking that day meant drinking in the future since cutting back or taking a break was me placating myself under a delusion. My little voice knew one more drink would be curtains for me. I might as well drink a shot of cyanide than whiskey...That's what rock bottom is in my opinion. Everybody has a different story some extreme some mundane after living the extreme. It's the knowing that to continue drinking is to die and rock bottom is decision time. Many of my friends never got there...Good luck with everything! I'd be as honest as possible at the med appointment. I like most addicts lived a life of constructed lies so it felt good to be honest again. It was my first step to recovery...This sub is great. It's the only thing I ever used reading daily early on and occasionally commenting later. Others supplement with whatever works for them. I learned what works by trial and error. .
Mine screams at me. 
I'm glad you are here.  Tapering isn't popular with people who are alcoholic but I did taper because I was drinking at a similar level as you and really need to stop.  I completely quit after 10ish days of cutting back.  The first 1 week alcohol free was hell on Earth - no sleep lack of focus no energy and simply being blah.  I wanted a change that hit me from within and it seems you are at those Cross roads as well.  Seeing a doctor will greatly help the first few days and weeks because anxiety will be at a all time high and will want the body to bounce back like an elastic band.  Changing my routing helped and take it one day one hour or one minute helped at the initial stage...I wish you the best.  Hope I'm not coming from a high horse.  Feel free to delete the post as needed.
Welcome! I'm so glad you are here. You are doing great. One day at a time that's all I can focus on. In the beginning it was minutely hourly. So I completely understand. Just take it second by second if you need to. I also always "play the tape forward" when the strong urges rear their nasty little heads inside my brain. This place is amazing and has completely change my life. Not sure I could have made it without everyone here every single person is so kind understanding and has been where you are. It's ok! It's nothing but love here no judgement. So grab a badge and join us!!!! I'm so happy that you are here. Can't wait to hear more from you and we can all watch each other grow. Welcome to SD! 
Congratulations for coming here and sharing your story.  It seems to me that you are really ready for a complete life change.  The first hurdle will be the physical addiction and you need a plan to deal with that.  When you went to the ER it sounds like you got the wrong doctor.  My wife is a nurse and I hear stories all the time about how one doctor approaches a situation in one manner and the next doctor takes a completely different approach.  You may find that if you go back you will have a totally different result.  Considering that you do have severe withdrawal symptoms maybe you could consider going back?  Alcohol withdrawal is serious and can certainly be an emergency if you have seizures and hallucinations.  Can you go to an AA meeting today?  I know you are suffering but I also know that with the right support you CAN live a happy and SOBER life!!  AA has changed millions of lives many of those people in worse circumstances than yours.  You deserve happiness and sobriety and you have great potential to live a happy and productive life free of alcohol.  You can do it!!!
Welcome no judgement here. "When you're going through hell keep going" a little Winston Churchill got me through my toughest days. I will not drink with you today. Wishing you all the best on your journey.
This is a very supportive corner of the interwebs. When I started my sober journey I was going to make a pros and cons list but in my heart of hearts I knew which way that balance sheet would tilt. I started with a 30 day break from alcohol and told myself I could start again after the 30 days was up. I had to complete the 30 days no matter what. I then transitioned my thinking to one day at a time. I have learned so much about alcohol addiction and recovery here on r/sd and have yet to wish that I drank the day before. Hope you'll stick around.
I'm very glad to hear that you had a doctors appointment.  Hopefully rehab can be arranged.  Please check in often and share how you are doing.
