-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l01jl/alcohol_finally_fell_off_the_pedestal/

As you may have seen in my posts I struggle with wishing I could drink....I can say 'struggled' past tense now...Yesterday I drank at day 36. During yard work and house cleaning my old routine. I was SO sure it was going to be so satisfying and inject a note of fun into my chores. I mean that's what I miss right?..Nope. Made me fuzzy tired stupid sick. Not fun...I have read the books and I knew I wasn't supposed to think alcohol was doing anything good for me but I still did. For the first time I truly FEEL that it isn't doing anything for me. Nothing. There is nothing to miss...Looking forward to racking up days. Not drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Sober Onward!
I have to learn things for myself to make them stick.  I have learned that drinking provides me with literally no benefits at all.
Sometimes in those moments we forget exactly why we quit drinking. We like to remember the fun (or what we thought was fun) and that's where the temptation is. I've been there. 
Sometimes in those moments we forget exactly why we quit drinking. We like to remember the fun (or what we thought was fun) and that's where the temptation is. I've been there. 
Sometimes in those moments we forget exactly why we quit drinking. We like to remember the fun (or what we thought was fun) and that's where the temptation is. I've been there. ..Don't forget that our failures cause growth. We fail we regret we resolve to stand more firm next time. It's part of building the foundation to move forward. We will override those thoughts in the future because we will remember how disappointed we were in the past...You got this
for me I had to have a relapse in order to actually experience the regret I knew I'd probably have. the first time I got sober and later found myself tempted I always knew I would regret that first drink. but until I finally relapsed and actually felt the regret it was then that solidified what I always knew. at least you came back so quickly! it took me a good two weeks to make it back ..
So very cool! I remember times thinking it was going to make me feel good but those times were always so fleeting and 87% of the time I was just chasing that and most likely the good feeling came from what I was doing or who I was with at the time not the booze. Thanks for sharing this!
I like this post alot.  I need to change the way I view alcohol it does sit on a pedestal for me always has.  Until I can change that...I know I will have issues.
Same happened to me. The last time I got drunk I thought I would enjoy it but I didn't enjoy it at all. Now there's nothing for me to miss if I ever get tempted I just think back on how much I didn't enjoy it last time. 
Experiential learning makes a difference.  I personally have a hard time relating to people who get and stay sober on the first try.  Every hard lesson I've had to learn I've had to learn through direct personal experience.  Part of why I like RR...Aside from this newfound insight what do you plan to do differently?  What other factors contributed to deciding to drink?  What would you plan for your recovery work to look like?
Congrats on getting back on track.
The thing with getting sober is even when you glamorize drinking in your head you always know how much better life is sober. It kinda ruins drinking. It's not fun once you know better you've peeked behind the curtain good for you. I wish you all the happiness.  
