-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l7u1i/my_undependance_day/

Hello fellow Sobernauts! [Warning: Long post ahead!]..One year ago today I woke up with a crashing hangover. I drank all night on the 3rd and had planned to go on through the 4th (and possibly the 5th!) but I couldn't get out of bed. I had spent the end of the night before on a friend's porch crying into cheap shitty beer. I had gotten news that my grandma had taken a turn for the worse in her Alzheimer's and had to be moved to a secure facility. She was 92 years old. ..All I could think in bed that day was about how my grandma had told me 8 years ago that she felt like she had lived too long. All of her friends were dead and she was just waiting around to die. She's still alive and doesn't remember anything anymore. And I at 32 years old felt like I was just waiting around to die because I had nothing in my life except a job that I liked that I was going to fuck up because of drinking. And that everyone in my family is very long-lived. And that 60 years of waiting around to die is a really really long time...I decided that that was my last hangover. On that Independence Day I was going to be free...I had been to my doctor a couple of months before and been honest about my drinking. She referred me to an Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) near me. I put it off for a couple of months because of insurance and scheduling issues (and I just wasn't ready--it was a long slow breakup with booze before I finally said enough). I finally went on July 6 last year and it was truly the best decision I ever made. ..I was so deeply depressed I didn't know how anything was ever going to change. I thought that everyone was going to judge me and laugh at me for being honest in the rooms but all I found was support and compassion--and friends and amazing stories and surprisingly a lot of fun and laughter...Things I do for fun now that I'm sober: Dancing in clubs (not spilling my drink or waiting in line for a drink or falling over drunk anymore on the dance floor!) Belly Dancing Poi Spinning Yoga Springboard Diving Camping Rafting Kayaking Crafting Intimate conversations with friends where I'm not repeating myself and being obnoxious Watching TV/Movies and remembering the ending...Things I Accomplished This Year: Paid off all my credit cards and kept them paid off (I went into IOP with $20 to my name that I had to stretch for 6 days until payday); Bought a condo; Moved away from and cut out the toxic people in my former life; Got treatment for depression/anxiety (therapy and meds); Finished and refined a GOOD piece of short fiction; Started a novel; Got a promotion/raise; Won a couple of awards for writing; Became my company mascot and made TV appearance; lost 35 lbs...Everything isn't rosy and perfect all the time. I still have trouble connecting with people and standing up for myself. I'm still sad sometimes and have trouble shaking it. I've been rejected by someone I really thought I had a connection with and otherwise have been avoiding dating--which I'm planning to start again this week. I find the prospect terrifying but I'm also lonely. I don't know if anyone will want to date me; I've barely even kissed anyone sober. I'm also struggling with where I want to go in my career from here. But the thing is all of these are good problems that I know I can tackle while sober. They're forward-looking imagining a future that hasn't been written yet. I never used to see a future for myself. They won't be easy and I'm scared. But I know that I can do it. ..If you're just starting out or struggling on this day that is traditionally filled with booze remember that you're worth so much more than whatever liquid is in your cup. You have so much to offer the world--more than you can imagine while drunk. All of the problems are easier to overcome without a hangover or without putting your brainpower toward finding your next drink. I believe in you. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am quitting today. Thank you for this it made me cry. I can't wait to be myself again. 
This is so great. Thank you so much for sharing!
What a great title how long have youbeen waiting to use that? Ohh that's right 365 days! Awsoem job. I love your story and it is extremely inspirational. Love the fact you have been writing and getting awards. I started writing as well since I got sober. (among many other things!)..I loved the &gt;remember that you're worth so much more than whatever liquid is in your cup. You have so much to offer the world..Alcohol robs the world of so much it is sad to think about all the wasted potential that gets smothered by the bottle...When I step back and look at all I've accomplished in the 430 odd days I've been sober it excites me about how much I can get done in future!..Happy 4th!....
happy soberversary. that was very pleasant to read. thx 
Inspirational! Thanks for sharing :&gt;)&gt;
Wow what a powerful story!  Congrats on your year!  I see a great future for you no matter what you decide to do.  Thank you for sharing!
What a beautiful post! Thank you for sharing your story with us!
Ahhh. Sobriety can't beat it with a stick!..Congrats 
Happy un-dependence day! It truly was a great day to start over. Lets shoot for two.
Congrats on a whole year sober!  I love your success story.  I won't drink with you today.
Well written and so true. Love the bottom of the cup anology. Here's to not drinking together today or ever!! Happy 4th.     
today is my day 1... hope to see you in a year.
But the thing is all of these are good problems that I know I can tackle while sober. They're forward-looking imagining a future that hasn't been written yet. I never used to see a future for myself. They won't be easy and I'm scared. But I know that I can do it. .&gt;..This is what I have to remind myself everyday. This and patience. Lol. I won't drink with you today...
This really resonates with me - I remember drinking heavily and just feeling like I had nothing to be sober for so I kept drinking.  What a dark place! ..Like you my sober problems are pretty much of the neutral/good kind. I feel much less social than before but I'm hopeful to find a new job &amp; maybe even try a little dating myself. ..Thanks for the reminder of the good things that sobriety brings &amp; that there is indeed always something to be sober for.  :) 
Congratulations! Happy Un-Dependence Day!
You are a beautiful human being. This post was so touching and I so needed to hear it. The beginning of this journey sure is hard and I'm pulling every resource possible but I needed to be reminded of my worth and to love myself. There is something very liberating in loving yourself enough to decide to take better care of yourself. I'm deciding to do this. I'm letting myself feel everything I have numbed face everything that is overwhelming create new experiences and relationships. I'm so proud of you. Your year has been a huge success and it gives lots of us hope. Hope is stronger than fear. Thank you- I will not drink with you today 
Congratulations!
This is so great!  I'll be undependent with you today.  
Awesome congratulations! Sounds like you're having a lot of fun :).
