-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l9uih/the_4th_of_july_was_my_favorite_holiday_booze_and/

The 4th of July is my family's all time favorite holiday. Every year my parents have thrown a celebration at their house. They live on a private lake and all the neighbors get involved and we end up having a GREAT firework show. There's always lots and lots of alcohol...I was 14 when my older cousins and uncles started sneaking me shots. I mixed anything and everything. I poured Black Velvet into an empty can of root beer. I ran into the house when the fireworks started and I'd take long gulps straight out of the bottles. I got wasted. It was great. We all said it was our favorite holiday. It was better than Christmas! I come from a family of alcoholics. We always joked around that with most families the party ends when the food is gone; with our family we keep going until the alcohol is gone. And boy do we bring a lot of booze! It was this time last year that I started to realize I had a drinking problem so I kept it tamed by only drinking half of the fifth of Jim Beam I brought over. Ugh... ..The thing I struggled most in my early days of sobriety was - how am I going to be able to celebrate with the family when we get together? ESPECIALLY the 4th of July! I kept thinking to myself "Maybe I'll only drink on family occasions." It was this thinking that kept me falling over the sober train because I'd have days where I'd think "Well maybe just once or twice a month of drinking that would be okay too!" I started reading This Naked Mind in April and that's when my thinking changed. I just finally realized that no I am NOT drinking at my family parties and that's ok!! And since then I have felt absolutely positive about my decision to stop drinking...We had our celebration on Saturday. I brought over some LaCroix for myself. Staying sober throughout the day with my family was incredibly eye opening. I realized that I used to get there so early to start drinking so I was good and drunk by the time fireworks came around. My mother dropped her drink - Red Pop with white rum - on their dog. Her cup was on the ground and there was still some in it and the dog was drinking it up! Idk it just really bothered me that she didn't stop him. I got up and took it away from him then brought the dog to the lake to wash the sticky pop off of him...I had a few people ask me what I was drinking and I said I was having a LaCroix. If they weren't aware of what it was the next question was: Is there any alcohol in it? I got asked that 3 separate times. My mother couldn't believe it I couldn't possibly be HER daughter! (Without going into too much detail our relationship is fairly strained) My grandma on the other hand told me she was proud of me. It made me really happy.....I used to love the 4th of July. But being around other people that were completely wasted just wasn't as fun. I enjoyed seeing my family but I was just annoyed by the end of the night. It's obvious to me why I drank like I used to. I'm glad to put that life behind me. ..Have a great day guys and gals you're all wonderful people xx
----------immediate responses--------

It's a great feeling when that mind shift happens. It really is eye opening to be around other people drinking excessively now though it seems so pointless from a not drinking perspective. I'm glad you were able to spend time with your family. Have a great evening and congrats on 101 days!
Good for you for staying sober! It can be so difficult when it's almost built into the fabric of the family. Isn't it incredible how different drunk people look from a sober perspective! It's so eye-opening to think that I used to be one of them. Hope you enjoy the fireworks nice and sober!
I don't like being around people who drink like I used to drink. Part of it is probably jealousy but I sure don't miss all of the BS that comes with it! When the main goal for everyone is basically just to get hammered there isn't much for me there anymore. Nice work on getting through it and here's to coming out stronger on the other end!     
Congrats on 102 days!  I won't drink with you today.
