-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l9y6l/rosecolored_glasses/

A question going out to all of you that have been sober for quite a while:..After my first few days without alcohol I feel super optimistic super energetic and very enthusiastic about everything. I started losing weight. No more stomache ache. No more constant feeling of depression...But there's this sneaking suspicion that these positive feelings won't be there forever. That I'll have to face harder times. That the euphoria of the beginning might vanish. And I'm scared. I'm scared that I might relapse as soon as this first euphoric phase is over...Am I just seeing everything through rose-colored glasses at the moment? Might depression come back as soon as those first days are over and the disenchantment sets in? Or are the feelings that I experience right now just how life feels when being sober (because it feels damn good right now ;-) )? How can someone prepare for the harder times that might come?
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience yes all positive feelings eventually pass but they do come back again! And they come again MUCH more often when I'm sober and taking care of myself. There is nothing we can do to make positive feelings stay around forever but we can provide the circumstances that make it much more likely that they do. 
After two weeks of detox where I felt awful I felt great for a while. Like a couple of months. Then all of the depression and anxiety came back. ..Thankfully there are medical professionals who gave me good advice and assistance with how to cope with what I was dealing with. ..I had to get sober first then I had to work through the depression. Doing it in the other order was impossible. 
This is exactly why "one day at a time" is helpful. I could not stay sober without lots of help. A therapist answered my questions and helped me with issues. I prepared for harder times by learning sober living skills. Treatment ongoing therapy and AA taught me how to have the sober happy life I have today.
I've found the initial euphoria is replaced by a sense of calm after a few weeks and you just feel fine. Not up not down just cruising in the middle somewhere. This question won't even matter once sobriety settles in and you realise that the up down boom and bust mentality of your drunken life no longer applies. That's my experience anyway. 
My thoughts emotions motivations and feelings all vary over time...That's actually a positive attribute...I can use that to my advantage in accepting that "how I feel will be different at different times" or I reject the way things vary proclaim that "it's not how I want it" and resist live as it is...I don't know how I will "feel" in the future.  Pretty sure it will be different than right now...However that's why I focus on right now.  Being here now.  Being present for how I feel at the moment...Tomorrow next week next month.......   I'll experience that when it arrives...You write "How can someone prepare for the harder times that might come?"..I got tools resources support and fellowship at meetings.  When the "hard times" occur I've got a network to aid me in getting over the bumps in the road.
I think what you're talking about is what a lot of people refer to as the "pink cloud". I've heard it does fade but you should still feel so much better sober than when you were drinking!
Yes the expression "this too shall pass" is universally applicable.  Some times I feel bad in sobriety.  The key is how I cope.  Do I medicate or do something else?  Today I have many ways to deal and have practiced them all so that picking up ia drink or drug s not a consideration but picking up the phone is.  Interestingly emotional challenges keep me focused on living sober while good times are when I feel most at risk and am more on guard.  God forbid I win the lottery!
Thanks you guys for that great input!.
Thank you all for that great input!
Congrats on ten days.  I won't drink with you today.
I still get depressed but it definitely isn't as bad as when I was drinking every day. No being sober won't give you a free pass away from all of life's miseries but your baseline mood should be higher anyway.
