-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6le2rq/start_of_day_3/

Hi all..I'd like to introduce myself to this community and join along for the ride. I love reading Reddit but never post so I logged on for the sake of joining this sub :)..As the title says today starts Day 3. I've known I needed to quit for years but I've always made the right excuses (I'll do it after the next party next holiday next football game etc)..I made it through July 4th yesterday which was tough but really reaffirmed my decision to quit. The 4th has always been my favorite holiday but last night on the way to fireworks I realized I was not all that excited about the fireworks show and that I've always loved the 4th and looked forward to it because I love and look forward to getting shitfaced! So add that to first thing I've learned about myself in reflection since making the commitment...I think a big reason that I've always been scared to quit is in that so much of my identity has always been rooted in alcohol. I've always been the funny Wild party guy and unfortunately I've been so often "that guy" at parties.Im always the one to show up somewhere with a six pack (okusually more) even if it is 9am on a Sunday. So to me quitting almost means having to reinvent myself and find out a different me who I've grown away from. So I don't know who I am without the drinking but I'm excited to find out...The other reason I've been scared is that so much of activities I enjoy are also rooted in drinking. For example I love American football but so much of football is also a culture of heavy drinking. I love tailgating and drinking as much as I possibly can before a game or watching a game with my buddies and drinking a 12-pack over the course of a noon game. So I am wondering do I actually love football or do I just love getting hammered. Same goes for camping do I just like the camping or is it the ability to wake up at 9am and have a beer for breakfast that I actually enjoy?..Finally I think one other reason I've been putting it off is I hate all the buzzwords that go along with quitting. I hate hearing the words "recovery" "relapse" and "codependent/enabler" and all the other words that go along with the culture of quitting.Maybe it makes me feel like I'm back in my high school health class.People that use those words I always think of as heroin junkies living in their moms basement so I have been extremely arrogant and my arrogance has gotten me nowhere. I think In my mind I've always been above that culture and been better than it but here I am ready to pour my heart out on reddit. ..Sure I've tried making all the excuses as I'm sure we all have. The number one excuse I've been able to ride is the "nice" alcohol ride. If I drink a nice craft beer and tell you about the traits of said beer I can drink as many as I want right!? People only judge you for drinking vodka out of a plastic bottle right!? I've been a craft beer snob a fine wine connoisseur and a "high class" whisky on the rocks drinker but these were all just disguises to (in my mind) prevent people from judging me for getting smashed "oops guess I drank one too many of that fine 2014 Pinot! Oh well!"..Even now just 3 days in I feel my mind processing all the excuses ... "well if I drink bud light and only bud light I'll never cause trouble bud light never caused any harm"...and in a way it's true if I stick to light beers I can typically control myself...but it's the shots I do after 5 beers and losing inhibition that begins the trouble. "Oh if I just stick to New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs (my favorite) I can quit all the rest"...yeah right buddy! ..So I'm ready to have my life back again. I'm ready to not have to be the life of the party or be constantly depressed. I'm ready for the boredom (I don't usually play video games but I warned my wife she might have to get used to it while I get used to the boredom). I'm ready to not always be checking my rear view mirror for cops because I'm driving buzzed/drunk and I'm ready to not have a near heart attack every time a cop is behind me. I'm ready to stop telling my wife I'm in the car talking to my mom when I'm really mixing rum and Coke and drinking it before I come in from work. I'm ready to quit driving around with practically a bar in my trunk because I'm hiding my habits from my wife.I'm ready for my wife to stop having to make excuses for me "oh he's really tired he had a long day" when I'm passed out on the couch at a friend's house at 8:00. I'm ready to stop planning every event around how I'll get home and what excuses I'll offer for getting too drunk...Anyway sorry for the rambling. I'd love to know that some others have experienced some of the above issues and any advice on handling them would be great  :)..So today begins day 3 and Reddit...I am not drinking with you today :)
----------immediate responses--------

I like that part about the buzz words.  You share a similar story to many of us on here.  Congrats and welcome I will not drink with you today.
Hey Swill congrats on 3 days! Yup - I've experienced similar issues. I used to tell myself that all would be fine if I just stuck with white wine spritzers and add lots of ice. Well that ended brilliantly when I got fed up with it after the first drink and then chugged right from the damn magnum lol!..I immersed myself in detox counseling medical guidance nutrition a healthy lifestyle meetings and SD. I found this link very helpful: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index...I'm glad you're here and I'm looking forward to hearing more from you! :)
Thank you for posting -- I'm just joining this community too and this is my Day 3 also! I am only starting to realize how much of my time and energy I wasted on exactly the same sorts of bargaining excuses ("well if it's just beer" etc.) and lying and worrying about driving. I can't wait to unburden myself from all of those concerns and start focusing on exciting new things. .I think you're on the right track with video games. One thing I'm trying to do is form new habits -- find new interests and hobbies where I won't be tempted to drink. For me it's been running -- it's a natural mood booster and something I can hope to get good at (but only if I'm not hungover!) .Not drinking with you today! 
Welcome to the group!  SD is amazing and I credit it with helping me get through my first month and beyond. I also discovered I needed an IRL group and found a fab weekly AA meeting. I was also really turned off by all of the addiction jargon but you need words to describe things so I'm coming around. :)
At first I felt the same way that you did about losing my identity but after attempting to moderate (and failing) I'm actually excited to see who I am without being "that" person. Welcome friend. I'm very happy that you're here with us. 
