-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6le8i3/30_days_sober_feeling_the_feels/

Because I worry that I will become overconfident I wasn't going to post on my milestones; but I had such a rough day yesterday that I thought I'd share...To recap my last 30 days the first week and a half was hellish both physically and mentally but the following three weeks were mostly wonderful as I enjoyed my first stretch of sobriety since a relapse last year. Then yesterday memories and feelings that I had been drowning with booze for *years* started to bubble up and I fell into a full blown shame spiral. I didn't reach for a drink but I thought to myself "If this is what long term sobriety is like I don't know how I can do it."  So here I am with all these dumb painful feelings about things that happened a very long time ago; things that I can't change or undo. I didn't want to 'stuff' the feelings but I didn't want to wallow in them either and I certainly didn't want to go back to drink. None of those choices is living. So rather than give in to it I tried to use some of the tools I'd picked up in all that expensive therapy. I decided to try to distract myself from these overwhelming emotions by working on a hobby that I restarted a couple of weeks ago. It took several hours but I was finally feeling a little better by the end of the day.  By the time we went to see the fireworks I felt better. Today I feel pretty good again. It turns out those feelings were just fleeting...Sorry for the wall o' text. I think the thing that has helped me most in the last 30 days has been reading and posting here everyday. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so happy you're feeling better.   I won't drink with you today.
Great job.  That happened to me too and surprise!  I really sucked at dealing with feelings.  That's part of the reason I tried to drink them away.  ..&gt; Because I worry that I will become overconfident I wasn't going to post on my milestones;..I used to worry that anything I felt proud of was a risk of becoming  overconfident.  But I found it was OK for me to enjoy the good too.  Congratulations on one month that's awesome!
Congrats on a month our dear Rainblow is a STAR!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g. When the feels get scary and the going gets rough I remember this: This Too Shall Pass. Like you said the feelings were just fleeting; and you got through!!! Keep doin' what you're doin'...it's working ;). xoxo &lt;3.
In my experience it's better to allow yourself to feel the negative emotions that come from being sober to get it out of your system instead of burying in deep inside with alcohol. You'll never get the pain out of you if you drink just remember that. 
Right behind you. I can totally identify with these kind of feelings. Not looking back anymore or forecasting what may come tomorrow. Just being present in the moment. I will not drink with you today.
I understand completely.  I'm trying to take action steps to do what I can in the now.  The rest is water under the bridge.  I won't drink with you today.  I can honestly say the sober train feels way better than the wine on the couch isolation.  
Wow great job on applying the tools you learned!  Yes one of the biggest things I've gotten out of sobriety is to truly understand how fleeting emotions are and how we do NOT have to act on them.  Congratulations on 30!!
