-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6llfs6/6_months/

6 months ago I didn't think I could last a week without drinking. I was terrified and didn't want to face all the problems in my life. I had this twisted thought that sobriety would make them 'real'...But on Saturday January 7th (after already failing on my new year's resolution) I decided that I'd commit to one day. I'd do whatever it took to stay sober that day - eat a pound of ice cream sleep for 24 hours straight watch Netflix whatever. And I made it. Then I did it again on Sunday the 8th...I found that the problems I was so afraid of were serious - I won't lie. But after the initial shock of seeing them exactly as they were without alcohol clouding my vision there were things I could do about them. There was hope...And without a long drawn-out post I'd like to say to all those struggling that those two pieces are all you need to start this journey: commitment to last a day and belief that things can be better than they are. We all need to take our own path - rehab is a miracle for many AA gives hope and support to thousands and SD is pretty darn good too  . I encourage you to be open to all the excellent options out there and to never stop trying - what matters when we fall is that we get up and try again...Personally I wouldn't be here without the help of SD my mother and my primary care doctor. Today I thank you and both of those individuals. This has been the best decision I've ever made and it has given me back hope that I can be happy in life  . Lol - thanks SD. 6 months in the books and no looking back.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you a great post!
Congrats 
One day at a time. Congratulations!
Thank you for the reminder and for continuing to come back and elevate this community with your experience!
Ohhhhhh dear xJT have I been patiently awaiting this AMAAAZZZING post!!! Congratulations on 6 Months!!! I'm SO damn proud of you! Wooooohooooo!!!!! Here we go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g. Lots of Love and Hugs xo &lt;3
Well done and thanks for sharing !! :) keep posting 
Rock on you crazy Sobernaut!
Yay! Congrats on 6 months!
Aww yeah!   I read an article by Scott Darling (Hawks former goalie) and his relationship with alcohol.   I thought of you when i read it.  I'd highly recommend it should be able to fjnd it quick on the interweb.  Keep up the good work. 
Congrats!
Congrats on 6 months.  I agree no looking back.  I like the sober train.  I won't drink with you today.
Congrats!  Keep up the good work.  I will not drink with you today!
WOOT WOOT! One Eight Oh!!   
 
