-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6llppf/today_i_woke_up_3_years_sober/

Stopped by the meeting that started it all this morning and claimed a 3 year chip. Its the first meeting I have been to in about 5 months. Life has picked up pace and I put meetings on the back burner. Maybe not the wisest choice; however I am forever grateful for all that I have accomplished over the past 3 years. During my first year of sobriety I thought the monthly chips were a joke and superficial. However today I couldn't be more proud of this little piece of metal..."To Thine Own Self Be True" it says. I try my hardest to live my life by these words and I think it has played a huge role in my sobriety...To those that are struggling to quit or are early on in your sobriety I am rooting for you. Life gets better. Relationships get better. Jobs get better. Self gets better.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on three years!  ..I am coming up on three years too and I could not agree more my life has never been better (not perfect by any stretch but so much better than the misery I was living while addicted to alcohol).
Congratulations...some newcomer just saw you picking up a three year chip...you kept them sober for a day and you have never met them...Not drinking with you today...M
Congrats!!!
Wooohooo!!! Congrats on 3 years! Thank you for sharing the inspiration :).
Damn nice.  Motivating too...Not a member of any group no chips for me I suppose.
Congratulations! Life certainly does get better..I haven't gotten to 3 years of sobriety yet but I tried 3 years drunk and it was shit so I'm going to keep going with this one. ;)
Congratulations!..Thank you for posting it's good to know I should continue on this path...
Great words of encouragement! 
Great encouragement thank you!.
Thanks for sharing.  Congrats on 3 years.  I won't drink with you today.  I'm up for better!
Way to go! You are an inspiration to this internet stranger.
CONGRATS!!!!!! three years is a huge deal!!! 
Congratulations! This is so awesome and inspiring. I won't drink with you today. :)
Yay
Congrats!
Awesome great job!
 I sure hope so .Congratulations! Get your ass to meetings! 
Woot!!!!!
Congratulations. ..Keep coming back it gets better. 
Congratulations! Just got my 3 month chip today (but 4 months sober). At first I thought they were goofy too but now it's great to have something tangible to remind me of all I have accomplished so far and how much I have to lose if I have one sip of alcohol. 
Thank you all for the kind words! It really means a lot :)
Way to go!  Great milestone.  Keep it up.
congrats!!! Thanks for the encouragement
