-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m0fmq/freedom_from_the_inner_struggle/

I am grateful to be free of that inner battle I had when I was drinking.  It was constant. . .how soon can you drink how much today you should cut back why can't you drink like normal people you must have cancer by now you won't sleep tonight how will you function tomorrow don't you want to live a long life you try to eat healthy - what a joke when you drink 2 bottles of wine and on and on and on.  I was exhausted from arguing with myself.  Happy to be free :)
----------immediate responses--------

I do this all the time and I am getting so worn down from it. I drank the last four days in a row and want the freedom I once had.
You know how good it feels then.  I won't drink with you today no matter what happens.
Freedom!!
Let freedom reign. I love taking off the handcuffs 
I don't remember how far along I was but I remember sitting on the couch watching TV one night and the thought crossed my mind "Wow I haven't thought about drinking today."  I truly got all 'warm and fuzzy' inside and just felt such a sense of gratefulness...I always keep in mind that while the monkey no longer lives on my back he *still* lives somewhere in the neighborhood and I must remain vigilant so he doesn't stop by for a visit. ..Keep it going u/rfom you're doing great!  
Congrats. I know that feeling well. two bottles of wine doesn't seem like much to a drinker but to other around you it seems outrageous.  I just could never sip one glass of wine and be happy with that.  It would always be at least two bottles if not more. Seemed completely normal to my pickled brain.  A month of sobriety has cleared up some of the fog and allowed me to see things more clearly.
Holy smokes how our minds trick us into forgetting the negative aspects of drinking so quickly!.I had forgotten about the daily internal battles I was having with myself until reading your post..This post is spot on and I agree I don't miss those inner battles at all!
Makes me wonder if being on SD is counter-productive. Hmmmmmm
