-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m2bzi/im_struggling_i_need_your_thoughts_and_prayers/

Tried to stop drinking two years ago. Made it 50 days. Then relapsed full stop daily drinking until last month....A month ago I pledged to stop drinking. 21 days of sobriety felt unbelievable. I was happier healthier etc. I relapsed last weekend. Drank all day Saturday and Sunday. ..I took a few days off which I guess is a plus. But I drank hard Thursday and Friday. I just got back from a 3 mile jog and I vomited everywhere. My body is sending me a very clear message: you're poisoning yourself...I'm afraid. I can't just do the whole "only on weekends" thing. I know how quickly those rules fall apart. I'm terrified that I'm chasing a rock bottom that I haven't found yet. ..I need your thoughts and prayers. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you know what needs to be done. But you got my prayers. ..Get busy living or get busy dying. ..I won't drink with you today. 
Stay strong. I'll not drink with you today!
I'll give you both but what are you going to do differently this time? And what worked in your sober months? 
I was the same as you. Sober/relapse sober/relapse until I nearly had a breakdown.   ..Sobriety is not a destination. It's a journey. A journey that only ends upon death.   ..Trust me on this. The fact you are feeling this way is a good thing. You need that anger to really say 'fuck it. I'm DONE with this poison'.  ..The thing that really helped me was Eckhart Tolle. He's got a few books out and there's lots of YouTube videos. AA are correct in that you need to surrender to a higher power. Whilst I don't do AA anymore my higher power is Buddhism and mindfulness.    ..Take it from me. I got 17 months under my belt (If you forgot the 1 mini relapse I had hence the 2 month badge).   ..You'll get there mate. Don't give up. This doesn't own you.
Glad you're here!  Sending thoughts and prayers!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Isn't it crazy how the years can go by after a relapse?  I quit smoking for my third time and was a good 2 months in when I relapsed for 14 YEARS.  I finally kicked it 2 years and a month ago when I just could not continue on.  So be happy you came back after 2 years.  I won't drink with you today.
