-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m2o68/many_attempts_many_decades_but_its_time_again/

Hello all.  Like so many I've realized it's time (again) to stop drinking (and smoking weed) on a daily basis.  I'm 52 and have been addicted since I was 11 or 12.  From the very first drink (toke) my reaction was "Ahhhhh this feels better than before....more now...right now..."  From the very beginning I learned to hide my use.  As I grew up alcohol was not allowed in the house per mom.  The problem was that dad was alcoholic (and Rx pill addict).  He was forced to keep his drinking literally outside the house.  So he drank in the garage (vodka my first drink).  Dad had a shop in the garage and had many "hobbies" he worked on out there.  My dad was involved in many things like restoring old cars RC planes HO trains Estes rockets etc.  I never got to share in the hobbies because it was his alone time to drink.  Every day after work and on weekends he'd retire to the garage to drink (do hobbies).  I was turned away time and time again year after year when I wanted to join my dad in his hobbies...He was addicted to alcohol and his desire to drink was stronger than his desire to let me in to his life.  Alcohol took my dad away from me even before I could walk.  The arguments between mom and him kept him in the garage drinking.  This and the way mom brushed it under the carpet and never mentioned alcohol was how I learned that drinking was a secretive thing to be hidden and not discussed openly...I've guarded/hidden my addiction well over the decades to the outside world.  Before I finished 6th grade I learned how to steal vodka and cigs from dad.  He had bottles hither and tither in the garage and I'd refill them with water.  My first cig was a Kool Filter King and you'd think that would've turned me off to cigs alas no.  I grew up in a time when there were still vending machines for cigs (50 cents a pack) and the clerks at 7/11 U-Totem or Red Coleman's would sell them to anyone...Back to drinking though.  As I said from the very first drink/hit my reaction was a sense of being comfortable; a sense that I could exist and function.  I wasn't a daily user the first year or so.  But by the time I was 13 I had sought out the cool kids and the kids that had older siblings and whole families that drank and smoked.  The motivation for my first real job was not to save money for a new bike rather resources to get booze cigs and weed...Through middle school I drank and smoked as often as possible.  Weed was daily booze was more limited (except during summer).  I hid it from others except the "inner-circle" of like-minded kids that I continued to seek out.  I was never interested in sports school church girls hobbies trading cards fishing Scouts etc.  That is to say the typical things a boy may do.  I was interested in getting away from school and parents to spend as much time getting drunk and high as possible...My family dynamic fostered my ability to pursue my single hobby (getting wasted) because I didn't have much real guidance from family.  As I said dad was in the garage or traveling for work and mom was tending to my 2 sisters and their childhood pursuits.  My mom kind of left me to my dad I suppose.  She wasn't very nurturing.  I'd injure myself as rough-and-tumble boys often do and her first reaction was not "Oh baby are you OK come here let mom look at it."  Her reaction was more like "What have you done?  Be more careful!  Joan come and take care of your brother!"  And she'd summon my older sister to clean up the cuts scrapes bruises etc.  My point in mentioning my parents is to illustrate the conditions that I feel like created my need to seek acceptance and sense-of-belonging outside my family unit early on.  I felt my parents were not interested in me so I sought refuge outside my home it was a place I felt I had to get away from TOO early on.  I continued until well-past high school to seek out like-minded smokers/drinkers as my companions and my peer models of how people were supposed to act and function in the world (still unlearning some of those lessons)...Anyway and so I don't veer too far from drinking I'll get back to that.  I knew I had a problem before I finished 8th grade.  At the end of 8th grade I remember relating to a girl I liked that I thought I had a drug problem and may need help...that was my opening line...that was the way I meant to say "I like you".  But I had already begun to have a misguided understanding of authentic interactions with fellow humans (being real).  Before the end of 8th grade pills became part of the deal as well.  I recall a kid bringing a bottle of white pills and telling us it was speed and to take 5.  As he handed them out I of course needed more before I even began so I got more.  Turns out they were Vivarin.  I got caught with paraphernalia before 8th grade was over (rolling papers) and my parents were called and came to the school.  At home it was brushed over and not discussed because mom wouldn't have any of that in the house...OK so I don't turn out to be the "James Michener" of first posts I'll start generalizing more.  Thanks for hanging with me...High school:  Dad still drinking mom still denying me honing my "craft" of acquiring the people and means to stay drunk/high daily and me experimenting with other means of intoxication.  By mid high school mom had found my stashes a number of times.  Dad spoke to me about it once or twice and I got caught.  I was huffing spray paint before class and passed out.  My friend left me and went on to class.  The homeowner called the police cuz I was passed out on their back driveway and she had to get to work.  The cops took me to school to the Youth Action center.  I had silver Krylon paint all over my face and front.  I had had a seizure.  They called my parents who both came to pick me up.  The look on my dad's face was one of helpless compassion (he didn't know what to do he'd been drinking in the garage instead of dad-ing with me and my sisters) the look on my mom's face was stony then she turned away and whisked us away ASAP.  Back home again dad said "Don't do that" mom said "Bill handle your son."  I started having seizures at that point in my life due to the huffing and still take meds to this day.  I started having seizures embarrassed the hell out of my family and schoolwork was not a priority (school was a place to meet make deals/plans and leave school was NOT a place to develop the lifeskills/interests that would be needed for a productive meaningful fulfilling adulthood...I'm still not good at adult-ing and people-ing in so many ways I missed that train)..Here was my first introduction to recovery.  PDAP absolutely free!  It was called the Palmer Drug Abuse Program and geared toward young people.  Using my "skills" I ended up exploiting the opportunity and sought out like-minded kids that still wanted to party hearty.  I got drugs booze and new resources for my addiction from those meetings and got opportunities to dig deeper into my chosen life-path by simply saying "I'll be at an all-night PDAP sleepover at ______'s house.  My parents were not involved enough with my life to "trust but verify" so I still suffered no guidance or intervening by them to put me on a different path.  It was too late by then perhaps...Chapter ten million:  Thanks if you're still here I'm trying to be concise yet I want to spill my guts.  PDAP fizzled after about a year and I became even more adept at hiding myself from those outside of my "tribe" (think parents/siblings).  I got the PDAP monkey fist necklace and added knots up the side one for each month of sobriety (but not) similar to AA's chip-system.  Dad was like "Good job" mom was more like "You shouldn't have been doing that anyway.  The point is that I used the PDAP program to get higher and drunker (oh the irony) and more invested in my addiction.  I learned that externals presented to the outside world could cover the inner reality of my state of being which has always been I'd rather be drunk/high.  My parents looked at my monkey fist (not at the real me) and its sobriety knots and were satisfied I suppose...Time marched on with many many other shenanigans brushes with the law (close calls) and the firm cementation in my mind that my purpose was to get drunk and high.  I'd try anything and did.  I started dealing drugs to help defray the costs of booze and drugs. All the jobs people and places I chose to interact with were a means to get and stay drunk/high.  There was a kid in high school whose dad got him a job at a pharmacy!  He'd steal full bottles of painkillers tranquilizers etc. and give them away because he was kind of nerdy and wanted in the the cool kid crowd.  A couple months later he got caught on camera slipping bottles into his backpack and was arrested.  I never saw him again.  One clique of my friends got into shooting speed.  I couldn't hit the track on my own and hated needles so a friend shot me up for the first time.  OMG!  He wouldn't do it again saying he wouldn't be responsible for me becoming a junkie I'd have to learn on my own.  I think he may have saved my life in some ways.  If I had learned how to inject myself I'm positive I would have gone down that path real fast.  That clique of friends got in deep to meth/coke/heroin and started carrying guns and actually brandishing them (found out a decade later that 2 of those guys shot each other in a dispute over meth one died)...I never learned to shoot myself up.  I think I figured out that it was easier to go to a store and buy liquor or buy weed pills shrooms etc. than to deal with the lifestyle of a young IV drug user especially since I saw fellow partiers turn into pager-wearing-gun-toting dealers that got violent.  I also did a stint with freebasing cocaine during that time crack wasn't invented yet...I'm hurrying I swear.  I'll start wrapping up...I settled in with booze and weed as my main drugs with the occasional toot of coke pill or snort of crystal meth.  I continued to deal weed.  I did not finish high school.  Daily drinking and using had been established for many years by this point but I kept on the same path.  Never though about adulthood never had a plan.  The time to move out was getting close.  My dad went to a 30 day treatment center about this time.  My mom never never used the word alcoholism to explain where he was.  After dad got out of rehab he spent the next number of years devoted to AA.  Al-Anon for mom?  NO WAY!  She didn't think he had a problem and she SURELY did not and felt he had embarrassed our side of the family to the rest of the family and would in no way air her dirty laundry in public.  Even though dad got sober we missed each other again as far as closeness.  I was invested in getting drunk/high and he spent a TON of time at AA.  I'll always kind of grieve not having the opportunity to look up to or want to be like ones' father (I get teary when I hear Cat's in the Cradle by Harry Chapin).  It's no wonder my relationship with my own son had many parallels (he's just shy of 25 YO)..Onward!  My parents let me stay at home if I would go back to school and get a diploma.  So I enrolled in a special "amnesty" program for dropouts and got a diploma (not GED) 2 years after I was supposed to graduate.  So I'm now 20 years old...Hurry up!  OK so over the next 4 years my raison detre was drink smoke snort repeat.  It had become a solitary thing by now most of my friends had found girlfriend wives even and were doing things as "couples".  Not me though recall from my 8th grade that my best opening lines went like "Hi I think I have a drink/drug problem...how are you...?"  I never got the hang of how boyfriend/girlfriend worked because remember I was raised with secrecy and isolation not intimacy and involvement.  So I drank alone and didn't eat to get too close to any one person or circle of friends.  Kept 'em at a distance for safety I learned from my parents to be aloof and distant at all times under all circumstances...The event that helped push me into recovery at 24 went something like this:  It was a weeknight I had to work the next morning everyone had gone home but we had been doing coke and drinking and I wanted to party on alone...more more always more.  I had spent all my money but wanted more coke.  I called my older sister at about 3 am and told her my car had broken down and I needed money for a tow.  She had married recently (and just had a baby) and said "No (husband name) can come and get you."  I said no that wouldn't work because I already had a ride to get the money.  She agreed and I went to her house woke up her newborn and got some money.  When she opened the door that night I felt as though she looked right through the impenetrable shield of isolation I had built up for well over a decade.  She saw how bad things were in my eyes.  She knew.  No one was supposed to know.  I was a master of deflection regarding the addict me.  I knew she knew and something in me gave way a little.  The secret was out.  She simply said "Here's your money you need some help don't you dare disturb my family for something like this again."..I guess it was at this point that I realized just many people I knew were dying committing suicide going to jail and getting sober...OK I can see that this is getting ridiculously long.  So srsly I'm gonna wrap it up...1989 - Told parents I was in deep and wanted to clean up and would they send me to treatment like dad?  Dad said try AA first and if that didn't work yes on the treatment center (I still carry a regret that they didn't force me into treatment in 10th grade they knew).  Got sober enrolled in a community college a year later and got a 2 year degree...1991-ish  -  Switched from AA to NA got involved in a "biker" NA club.  Made many sober biker friends (solid group that lot).  Was told by a prominent NA biker friend that I need to get an ol' lady on my saddle.  He (we called him no-thumb Joe as he had lost his thumb while working on the chain-drive of a bike) told me he had the perfect ol' lady that needed an ol' man.  I agreed to this "blind date".  He let me know that she wouldn't be available for another week.  I thought she was moving from another city/state.  But no that was her release date...yes she was in prison for breaking and entering to feed her meth habit.  Red flag?  Not so much here was a ready-made chance for me to have a girlfriend!  Sure I had slept around over the years but never had a r-ship.  So we gave it a go.  Two months later she got pregnant...Mid-1991:  Applied to state college got accepted to a state college.  Asked girlfriend to marry me and move with me.  She said no she wanted to stay.  I asked her if I stay would she marry me?  It was then I found out she was already married.  It was also then I found out she had been messing around with an ex-boyfriend as well.  So I told her I was moving to go to college come or stay.  She stayed I went...Fall 1991 - Arrived in new town (Austin TX) knew one person in recovery started studying and going to AA meetings.  Wow life was happening I was adult-ing...Spring 1992 - One semester down doing well with a major in computer science.  I felt that I could do anything!  My college town had (has) a huge party-culture with music and clubs galore.  I started thinking that since I had been sober 3 years it was time to reinvent myself and integrate drinking (drinking only no weed etc.) back into my life.  There were simply too many clubs too much music too much outdoor hiking to miss out!  Hell the chicks sunbathed topless at the spring-fed pool near downtown!  So yeah beer only just a couple no weed or drugs allowed!  Here we go!  Forgot about AA...Fall 1992 - Had spent the summer moderating pretty well and sticking to beer only.  But sure enough it escalated and by the end of the fall semester I had failed a couple of classes.  After all this new town is a great place to drink!..Spring 1993 - Whoa a computer science degree is really hard to pursue when hungover and thinking about pitchers of cheap cold beer at the numerous pubs within walking distance.  By that time I was back at it.  I began skipping afternoon classes day-drinking going to swim/hang out at the springs going to early music gigs going here and there in a great town with all these still new people and sights.  But the cost was a loss of direction.  I ended up failing ALL my classes that semester.  I had been taking the full amount of loans available to me (no help from parents).  I got a letter from the Dean that I was being placed an an academic suspension from college...Summer/Fall 1993 - Didn't tell parents of course.  Spent the rest of the year at a job in a video store to pay rent.  Getting drunk and high daily was my priority again.  Oh shit it was happening again and I had to hide it.  So I began isolating again and drinking alone...Spring 1994-Drunk high hiding haven't told family.  Start visiting son more than in past...Summer 1994 - The remorse guilt shame hopelessness become overwhelming and I almost go back to my town.  Instead I quit drinking/smoking weed again write an appeal letter to college got readmitted for fall 1994 change majors and start AA again...OK I can't type much longer so here's the condensed ending:  I stayed sober for about 13 years.  I finished college got a job got custody of my son and did pretty well.  BUT my son had some trouble in high school and my job is the type where the reward for great work is MORE work with no added compensation and I had met a woman and got engaged (it didn't work out) and a whole litany of pressures that finally made it seem logical for me to get some relief...from drink.  I was older now and would sip scotch or whiskey from time-to-time no weed of course.  So I did just that and it lasted 2-3 years.  ..Then I got sober again my son needed me and I was drunk.  It lasted a few years this time mostly on my own.  By this time in AA I was having trouble with God I had done a bazillion inventories in AA and was jealous that I didn't get the happy joyous and free as I thought it should be.  Hell I did the steps so many times I should have ascended to heaven by then!  Then my son moved out on his own.  It wasn't an amiable parting...Some years go by I'm not drinking but not happy and...you guessed it...I had an idea.  You see I was alone now again.  No one to answer to.  But full of regret about my son my past.  Going on 20 years at the same job feeling stuck.  I needed to reinvent myself again.  I was missing something.  Plus the craft beer artisans had made a home here and I kept hearing about IPA-this or Hefe-that.  Soooo.....Two and a half years ago I talked myself into a pint after work.  One of the people I met at my bar sold weed.  Started smoking cigs after over 20 years.  You know the rest.  Here I sit at day 2 giving it a go again with some drinking-related health problems.  Been struggling too long.  If you got here I want to thank you.  My next step is to figure how where my support will come from.  There's a SMART mtng Monday night.  Also if needs must I'll get back to AA.  I have a therapist name from my employee assistance program...I will NOT drink with you the rest of this day!.
----------immediate responses--------

Well I'll be honest I skimmed through the 90s but got most of it...Welcome back. 
That was a great read thanks for sharing! I bet that feels good to get off your chest... there's something quite cathartic about writing it all down like that isn't there...?..Hope you stick around here and write some more for us we like story time and I think a lot of us here can relate totally to many of those themes!..I won't drink with you today too!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Read the whole thing what a crazy life you have had!..Best of luck this time around my friend. We can do this!
I read every word and it seems like you could use some peace. I think many of us can identify with parts of your story... I know I can!..I can't believe your NA buddy would ask you to date a married meth addict...like what?! But you made it through. ..Welcome.  
I read to the end and really enjoyed your writing style. (I wish you'd had an easier time but I like how you write about it)..Thank you for sharing your story...I wish you all the best and hope you continue to share on here no matter how it's going rather than presenting the "public face" .Please know all you'll be met with is understanding and support from a great group of people who actually get it!..I will not have a drink with you today..
Thanks for sharing your story! Wishing you all the best as you move forward on your journey!     
Read every word...we have similar stories.  Never stop trying never give up.  It's a war brother and we fight battles everyday each battle makes us stronger or weaker...the enemy is not to be underestimated and it will attack at our weakest moments.
