-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m3lhu/my_latest_relapses_greatest_hits/

Trying to cultivate motivation and accountability for myself this time around.  That starts with being honest and not sugarcoating what happens when I drink.  Here's some highlights from my recent 60 day relapse...-Fell into a cactus! Twice! ..-Drunk texted my 19 year old niece..-Slept with someone I shouldn't have slept with..-Told my ex I love him (I don't) ..-Went to work drunk..-Forgot to pay my student loans..-Fell asleep on my friend's floor..-Drank 75 dollars worth of alcohol in one sitting.  Alone. ..-Had visibly noticeable shakes at work (my boss is in recovery  doubt I convinced him with my "too much coffee" excuse) ..-Cried in a bar..-Woke up in horrific pain every fucking day including this morning..-Obsessed about suicide  even in my dreams..I'm sure there's more  but these are the first things that came to mind.  I'm resolved to do things differently this time  and that starts with accountability and honesty.  I'm an alcoholic and I need help to stop.
----------immediate responses--------

Ouch! ..One day hopefully you'll look back on this and smile if a little ruefully.....Onwards and upwards I won't drink with you today :&gt;)&gt;
Oh the "great" stories we have right?..I won't drink with you today.
Especially in the beginning I needed *In Real Life* support from AA because nothing else I was doing was working.
2 days here I too am striving for accountability and honesty about my condition.  Thanks for the post it helps me!  I wish you well!
Coming off a 60 day fuckup too.  It's just so bad.  I don't think I can manage this anxiety anymore.  It's just no way to live.  Tomorrow is going to feel so good.
4 days here and still trying to sort out my stomach; actually hurts to just swallow water and still retching.  Kept some chicken noodle soup and a multivitamin down finally.  The jitters and fog have about cleared.  Have been 2 two AA meetings yesterday and today and I just can't go through this kind of withdrawal again.  I won't drink with anyone today.  
I remember those moments well. I don't miss them at all. Don't be too hard on yourself. We all fuck ourselves over at times and forgiving yourself will save you the horrible feeling of shame. Keep your head up you'll beat this :)
Sounds like your getting honest and open minded.  When willingness kicks in HOW are indispensable for stopping drinking and they don't need to be absolute.  Best wishes getting back on the beam.
Well now that you know you need help what's your plan?  AA Life Ring out patient treatment education.  I've used them all and have had success.  Good luck.  
I laughed out loud at the first one. This is a great post and reminder. I think I will make my own from my last relapse to read through when I'm tempted. 
Man that sounds like a series of crazy events. Glad you're back with us. I won't drink with you today 
I relapsed again last night after going strong for almost a month and acted like a complete jackass. I won't drink with you today.
Thanks for the list brutal honesty is the only way i think any of us can stay accountable. Tomorrow is another chance.
Spent 4000 dollars in 1 hour in vegas..dont ask
I think it took a lot of courage to post this. You're a brave soul friend. I'm coming back from a relapse myself and realizing as crappy as I felt about it I will take it as a lesson and use it as a tool in keeping up with my sobriety. I won't drink with you today.
It can only get better from here.  Am worried about your horrific pain - have you seen a doctor or been to a hospital?  I will not drink with you today.
Hey you could rhyme them and add a new verse to Greg's Drinking song! I see this video at least once a week and apart from having a good time I find it very sobering :D!..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG7VuDmHh_k
Do you have "this naked mind " yet? It totally required my brain and made me not want alcohol. 
Everything becomes easier when we put down the drink. Thank you for the reminder! 
Great list. Too much of that list is all too familiar to me. Tomorrow will be two weeks for me though! Feeling better already. Hang in there!..I'll not drink with you today. :)
I am struggling too - but I am a big proponent of the positive over the negative.  Can you write down the same type of list but of the good things that happened because you were sober?  Put the lists side by side... every sober day you can add to the positive list or use this list and write a counterpoint for each one.  ..IMO - there are so many people that dwell on their mistakes and things in their life that are negative.  But then you are THINKING about drinking - and beating yourself up.   Each of us need to be our own cheerleader - we all need to **work** at seeing the positive...j2c
You sound very resolute in your last line. I hope writing it down helped. And I hope you are forming a plan of action. Thank you for sharing.
