-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m4k3a/i_am_terrified_to_have_my_baby_and_start_drinking/

After a decade of drinking a few years of off-and-on sobriety and a series of relapses I managed to really quit drinking last fall when I got pregnant with my second baby. ..I have 2 weeks until my due date and I am terrified that I will pick back up once she is born or rather maybe 6 months or so later when the newborn phase calms down. I do not want to drink I know from past relapses where and how quickly that first drink takes me down I desperately want to hang on to my freedom from alcohol. But the idea that I could pick up again often feels unavoidable like being stuck in front of a slow moving train...I am also terrified that my fear of relapse will prolong my pregnancy like it's this psychological unfinished business will prevent me from going into labor naturally and having her on time without a shit load of medical interventions...I didn't drink while pregnant but I was often tempted to. Not a day passed without alcohol at least crossing my mind if not catching me up in hours of obsessive thought. I romanticized drinking while watching others do it I glorified all the "fun" I used to have before having kids and I dwelled compulsively on the bad memories: hangovers panic attacks withdrawal tremors all those days when when the depression got so bad toward the end that I became obsessed with suicidal ideation and grim fantasies of taking my beloved dog and my precious firstborn with me...Of course after 9 months of happy glowy (well actually barfy achy chubby) pregnant time I feel a million times better. But. But. I haven't really done the work. I haven't been drinking because I can't not because I got good at quitting. And now my little protector is about come out into the airy world and loosen her grip on my self-control...I guess I don't really have a question in this post - I just needed to get this out and I don't have anywhere else to voice it. No therapist no program (currently) and my partner doesn't get it/has his own issues with drinking. My mom friends and fellow preggos seem to exist in this state of benevolent innocence where even admitting to thinking about drinking would make me a pariah. I have read/posted and mostly lurked on this sub for a couple years so it seemed like the place to say it: I am about to have a baby and my biggest fear is that I will start drinking again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's great you're posting this here. I really feel getting these thoughts and fears out into words can really support us not to act on them. I don't know why maybe it's something about people engaging/responding to them. I hope everything goes well - I'm sure you will be totally strong enough to keep going with sobriety. 
Very courageous. Have you considered starting a recovery program now to help you when/if things get tough? AA SD therapy etc...
I do not mean to come off as rude but this is my take on the situation. I think that for having 9 months of sobriety you are not on as solid ground recovery wise as you should be. I am sure being pregnant through out this has made it even more difficult though and something that I can not personally relate to at all. It almost sounds like you quit drinking because of the pregnancy and not actually for yourself. Which of course is not a bad thing however now here we are with the consequences of only quitting for the pregnancy if that's the case. No longer pregnant nothing stopping you from the drink right? I personally am not really a big fan of AA but I do absolutely respect its place in recovery and understand the enormous amounts of people it has helped. I would be lying if I said that I never went to AA and never got anything useful from it. I think it would be a good step for you to find a local meeting and check it out to get a REAL LIFE physical support group. It is nice to come to these threads and chat about our lives and share stories but there is something about meeting up with a person and looking in there eyes and listening to them talk and making a connection that can not be matched here. Realizing that you are really not alone and there are people out there who literally love you already and you dont even know them that can not can be an amazing tool to have. If you dislike AA to the point of refusal to go then I would suggest looking into alternatives like SMART and there are a few others to that I am not familiar with
Props to your courage and honesty and getting it out into the light.
I wish you and your new baby the very best.  Having stopped for nearly nine months you have the wonderful advantage of have any acute withdrawal well behind you.  Much brain reprogramming has already taken place.  I would put my energy into a plan for not drinking post-partum.  I found it impossible to do by myself.  I needed help.
Well you could try just not drinking today then tomorrow when you wake up  if it's today - just don't drink today...The old one day at a time  or just for today method  relieves a lot of stress and anxiety about a week or a year from now....Just not drinking today is pretty simple with that in mind  I won't drink today with you...Be good to you today  you deserve it. 
First - congrats on staying sober.  I had this same issue when I was pregnant and I went back to drinking.  I wish I went to meetings and was serious about sobriety.  We worry about the "medical" issues we can give our unborn babies but fail to thing of the "mental" anguish and stress we give them by having a drunk mother.  My sobriety is the best gift I could ever give my daughter and myself.  Congrats on the baby - I wish you well.  
You've stopped drinking all this time for your baby. Now stop drinking for you. Think of all the reasons you want to quit for you -  then add your baby to that list. ..Several people here say "play the tape forward."  Its usually in reference to an immediate or near future anticipated temptation to drink. Suggestion - play the tape forward 5 years.  What do you want for you and your family then. Can you have that if you keep drinking?  ..Many people here also say take it one day at a time. I agree; that's great advice and I try to do that every day.  But I've also had two children and I remember so well how my thoughts anxieties and dreams were much more wrapped up in the future when I was pregnant.  It's normal and healthy to worry about the future when you're pregnant (IMHO). ..I'm kind of rambling but your post stirred several thoughts. I hope at least one of them helps. ..Congratulations on the new baby!  You'll find lots of support here and elsewhere if you decide to continue your sober journey postpartum!..All my best.  I won't be drinking with you tonight!
Not a doctor but it sounds like you are having a lot of anxiety manifested in repetitive thinking fixation on worst case scenarios etc. You might want to think about seeing a therapist or looking in to CBT for anxiety management. A lot of us on here drank to self medicate for anxiety. You might be one of us. Best of luck and it drinking with you today! 
I wouldn't discount your sober time pregnant as something you didn't really achieve because you "couldn't" drink. You choose and succeeded every day to stay sober and that's an accomplishment that makes you strong! It's not a given at that all pregnant women stop and you did. I live with the same anxiety that I might start again and for me it's connected to anxiety and being afraid that I can't control the future. I just keep trying to take it one day at a time. Congratulations on your growing family!
