-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m79ss/150_daysthen_i_went_camping/

That was one tiger I should have kept in a cage. I honestly knew I should have passed on the camping trip. I should have told my nephew I was trying hard to stay sober and that camping is a huge trigger for me. But I didn't. I planned my relapse a few days before. I was actually giddy about the good times to come. The first few beers were great.... as always... and then I just kept on drinking until a couple of days ago. The first few were the only good ones (nostalgia I suppose) then the first hangover the shakes the drink to steady the hands the cravings and obsessing about drinking  more hangovers anxiety rinse repeat and here I am. Damnit.... I was so sure that I had this beat. I've got four more days until my next first sober weekend and I pray I don't start obsessing about drinking between now and then. .For me camping and basically doing things that lend itself to guilt free drinking are huge problems for my sobriety..... clearly.  I would have loved to been able to go have a wild weekend in the woods and just leave it at that but instead it just blurred on into my regular life. I wasn't even enjoying myself but the bizarre way my head does math or something after I've been drinking just makes me stupid. Alrighty then.... here we go. Milkshakes and coffee.... which sounds pretty good right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Here you are and you are still fighting.  I'm proud of you and I won't drink with you today.
Glad you're right back here. You went 150 days and that is huge! Keep coming back. I will not drink with you today.
Ya... i feel that... you did so well and now you have to 'start over'..Truth be told.... you are not starting over. You are just starting your counter over...Now you know that you have a serious problem and you know you dont have the self control in that situation. Now sober you HAS to take control of drunk you. Sober you knows that is a dangerous situation. Sober you knows there will be drinking. Sober you already gave in to drunk you and said it was ok.... its not ok. You know it... you are here..Yesterday i was upset about my relationship. My friend invited me out because he knows im stressed. He invited me to the bar that his friend was playing music at. I turned him down and politely said that im not in the right head space to be in the same room as alcohol. ..Sober me was being responsible and putting my long term mental health ahead of a quick escape. It feels good to work on something and naturally feel good about your own actions. The regret and shame to myself is not worth the fix. You have to ask yourself... 'will it EVER be worth it for me to drink' and take that answer to heart.
It is good that you came right back.  This is a process.  At some point it all comes together.  Sounds like you are there.  Thankfully I don't have cravings and obsessions about alcohol.  It was more like a bad habit as compared to a full blown addiction.  However cigarettes were a full blown addiction for me and I can relate to obsession.  The key for me was "flipping the switch".  In other words I needed to think something else and take an ACTION step.  So instead of I'm dying for a cigarette I had to think and say I am so happy to be breathing and getting healthy.1234 I don't want to smoke no more.  5678 Maybe I can get a date.  I had to frame it always something affirmative in the positive. 
[removed]
Welcome back! Sobriety is a process a difficult journey. Rare is the person who doesn't stumble along the way...I will not drink with you today my friend.
"The first few beers were great.... as always... and then I just kept on drinking..."---My story as well over and over and over.  Thanks for your post very relatable.  And I won't drink with you today!
I just got back from a camping trip with a bunch of friends all of which were drinking and all of which assumed I was drinking as well. Only my closest friend didn't know. How did I pull this off?..I use coozies. I mentioned this before but I just put a can of flavored soda water in a coozy and nobody has a freaking clue. I declined shots but that's not that weird if you don't want a shot so I just said "I'll probably have one later."..I drank so much of that though. I think I bought five 8 packs of that crap and drank almost all of them in about 2.5 days. A little ridiculous but I always had that coozy in my hand so nobody asked me twice if I needed a beer...Try it out. I don't mind telling a little white lie if it doesn't hurt anyone and it keeps people out of my business. I don't like announcing that I don't drink. This is my deal...Hope that helps for next time...Take care!.
Not drinking is one thing. Actively trying to recover and doing work on yourself so you lose the desire to drink should be the goal. That lasts; willpower doesn't.  Good job on 150 days. 
I'll take a milkshake over the shakes any day  
