-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mbmdg/yesterday_i_reached_150_sober_days_tomorrow_is_my/

My drinking slowly escalated over the past 10-15 years with the last 3-4 years becoming "unmanageable". Hiding my booze all over the house using any excuse to leave for a few minutes to go to the liquor store mixing it with benzos causing severe blackouts where I was vindictive even violent. In February after a month in rehab I relapsed losing my fianc e her daughter (my "stepdaughter") my car all my belongings and I was sleeping in a Port-A-Potty...Back to rehab for three months. This time I was required to attend 12-Step meetings every night which I combated because I have been highly agnostic my whole life. I am not quailified to speak about God. But I had to find a way to make it work for me and I did a lot of pondering and figured out how I could. I talked to some Atheist oldtimers in AA and knew it could work for me. What a revelation: go to meetings meditate work the steps get a sponsor be of service and exercise every day...I feel better than I have in a decade or more. I have fantastic sober friends. I no longer go to bed hoping I don't wake up. My brain is starting to have the kind of thoughts I haven't experienced in a very long time: thoughts I can trust creative thoughts. I am writing plays again volunteering again. It feels fantastic. Best thing I ever did...You can do this! I will not drink with you today AND tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey congratulations on reaching 150 days and a happy early birthday to ya :) very happy for you that you are in a better place now. I won't drink with you today or tomorrow either!
I'm very happy to hear of your progress!  Congratulations!  By the way your recovery plan sounds identical to mine with the exception of AA meetings.  I never was able to find one that was secular enough for me though I think I'll try again.  So thanks for sharing your experience. 
I stopped at age 42 also...Hell yes we can do this! 
Good for you! Happy birthday!
Your post gives me hope- that things might improve. I'm not drinking either way just life sucks right now. It's a crappy chapter in my story. Thanks for sharing!
Yay go you !!! .Glad to not drink with you today and happy birthday :))
Well done you. I too am around the same age and at 100 days now. Feeling so good and slowly mending relationships and building trust back. I have my kids with me this week and it's so good spending time with them and being present. I have got my life back and it's like a gift. 
Inspiring. Around 150 was a big milestone for me too. I'm mid-40s too and grateful for the sobriety that I've found. Happy birthday   and keep on keeping on   
Congratulations! Thank you for sharing your triumphs and your failures. Thank you for sharing your humanity. 
Congratulations and happy birthday. You have completely turned your life around. It is awesome and really inspiring. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats it gets better but you always have to be on the look out.  Keep some really good frozen yogurt/ice cream around for small but great indulgences.
Good to know about AA. I'm hesitant to go because my local is held in a church. 
Congrats!! Keep going!!
Great work 
 Hope you have an amazing birthday! I am so proud of you 
Congrats!!!!
I'm 41 and have around 110 days or so!  Right behind you! 
