-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mfdev/depression_hasnt_gone_away/

I relapsed twice within a short period of time recently. I posted about it after the first one. I have been depressed the entire time I've been sober. I kept hoping it would get better after time I've been on probably 10 different antidepressants over these last 3 years. Nothing has helped. I went to the gym for a couple months and that didn't help I lost 30 pounds and that didn't help. It's been such a burden for so long that drinking honestly felt like a viable alternative. I mean I quit because it was ruining my life and I was miserable and a wreck but I figured I'm still miserable why not allow myself to feel at least some fleeting joy. ..God what a drug this is its unreal how it warps your mind.Before I even took a drink I made sure I had cigarettes and marijuana and stimulants to keep me going. All or nothing you know? And I felt on top of the world for a few hours. But I was up for 3 days in a row cant remember most of that time and now I'm paying the price.  ..I made an appointment to see a counselor tomorrow. It was something I did for the first six months but I stopped. And gradually i stopped doing anything else as the depression continued to build up. It felt like something was going to break and alcohol was the release valve that could save me from the drudgery. I quit my job a couple months ago so it felt like I had nothing to lose but there is always more to lose up to and including your life...These incidents have in many ways been quite tame. When I first tried to quit i was terribly physically addicted and went through intense withdrawal I was hospitalized for. I hurt myself. That didn't happen during the first incident so I figured I could do it again. But then I think what is my plan here? To keep doing this until something DOES go terribly wrong? To do it until I decide i need to drive drunk or something else awful? That's the logical end step because I've already done that before. It's like playing Russian roulette maybe this time it will be alright but the odds are not very favorable that it will continue. ..I've felt stagnant and like I'm walking through fog. Seeing this counselor tomorrow is at least a step forward but it still feels hopeless because up till this point I've been unhappy and it seems like that won't ever change. I just don't know the power alcohol has over me seems overwhelming like it's broken me irreparably and that this is who I am deep down inside. But I'm not gonna drink today. Thanks for listening I guess the point of all this is to ask any of you about your experiences with depression not going away I see posts about people feeling great but I just never have and I would like to hear from people who have made it out the other side.
----------immediate responses--------

Depression is a fucking beast. Not drinking has helped mine some but it's always there in the background. Some days/weeks it's pretty bad. I white-knuckle through those days and I don't drink because I know if I did I'd probably be suicidal. I have been in the past and I don't want to be there again. ..Good luck with the therapist. I've found therapy along with a hefty dose of Cymbalta helps mine but everyone responds differently to medication. There are a lot of options out there including electroshock therapy (which has had pretty good results from what I've read). I hope you can find something that helps you because depression fucking sucks. 
Thanks for sharing. Depression is fucking terrible and I am so sorry that you feel this way. ..I can certainly relate to what you described. I've also listened to the lies I tell myself when I try to use depression as an excuse to drink. It is a lie though and every time I've gotten drunk because I feel like I can't face another day I end up making a terrible situation worse. ..Recently I've been hanging on to the realization that going through with drinking won't actually bring any relief either. The SECOND I swallow the first sip I will devote all of my energy to the rest of the drinks (getting the "right" amount of drunk keeping it going pretending to not be too eager to have another sneaking a few drinks before the next round while my wife is out of the room hiding the empties after she goes to bed getting more alcohol ... and on and on). ..When it gets really bad I also try to remember that I won't always feel this way. I will probably struggle with this illness for the rest of my life. There will be times when I am suicidal. But I won't always be. I know if I can just hang on I can make it to the other side and hopefully remember what is good about life. ....
For me access to good mental health services made a HUGE difference. At various times in my life I've been diagnosed with depression and then a few years ago PTSD.  I started working with a good trauma therapist &amp; that helped immensely.  ..I found anti-depressants somewhat helpful but they really only helped a certain amount - I've taken Lexapro Wellbutrin Prozac &amp; a bunch of other stuff as well. ..I don't know if you have any trauma-related things in your life but for a long time I was treated for the wrong stuff (depression but I don't think PTSD was on the radar though from the things I described I'm not sure how they missed it). ..Anyway just chiming in to say that stuff. For me therapy was really hard but really worth it.  It helped me figure out how to handle my emotions practice more self-care and ultimately has been invaluable in helping me stay sober. I half-joke that for the amount of $$ and time I've spent in therapy why would I drink? I've spent all this time fixing my brain I don't want to damage it again.  Consistent therapy was easily one of the most challenging things i've ever done. It takes a lot of courage to walk into the room &amp; lay yourself bare to another person and trust that this incredibly vulnerable process can ultimately lead to something better. ..Also just to empathize living with a mental health issue is really fucking hard.  You are not alone in using drugs &amp; alcohol or for feeling like it won't get better. I felt that way for a LONG time and now I struggle more with feeling relatively normal &amp; what that means (as I'm not quite used to it much of the time). ..Anyway hang in there! Big internet hug to you. I don't know you but I'm proud of you - all of this is tough stuff &amp; you've gotta be tough to take it on.  
