-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mfexz/its_been_a_week_since_my_last_drink_and_im/

i never hit rock bottom - .but in the times I was drinking .I've embarrassed myself many times.said and did things I regretted.made out with a coworker (we're both married) even though I didnt want to didnt like him..Admitted it to my husband..Hit on another coworker.Drove drunk one morning because I was so wasted from the night before and didnt know...But Ive also had many positive experiences with alcohol. ..Wine tasting with friends well controlled. .Beer and bbq etc etc. ..I took 9 days off spend 2 months moderating well (nothing regrettable) but stopped cold turkey last 7/3 because I worry if I keep it up its only a matter of time until I do something I dont want to again...My friends and family say I'm over reacting but I think I have early stage alcoholism. .I'm not sure 12 steps is for me but willing to try it out soon because I really need community. ..Just looking for support. Thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I never really hit rock bottom but I was on the path. Sort of like when you start running and the hill doing down is kind of gentle... Then it gets a little steeper... then the rocks under your feet get a little smaller and you start to slip... You sort of think you can keep running and that you can handle it... Then you wake up one day and you realize you are running so damn fast to try and stay upright... Probably a bad metaphor but I was getting out of control and it didn't happen over night. I still have those positive experiences you speak about but I do it with Club Soda. I really enjoy being social and I find I am better at it if I am not drunk.  Its all up to you but for me I won't drink today. I hope you can join me.
sounds familiar. the only thing is regret is not stopping sooner.
One of my questions - my family and friends say "you were sober no problem during two pregnancies so you don't have a drinking problem." - anyone ever dealt with this or have advice?
Rock bottom is where I stopped digging. I never had any serious legal consequences and only some minor health ones. Best wishes!
In my opinion booze was negatively impacting my life and so I stopped. It doesn't really matter what other people think (though I am sure some knew I needed to stop). Easier said than done but the longer I stay sober the happier I am that I made this choice. Functional is just a phase. I am just lucky I quit while I was ahead of some serious consequences. Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
