-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mvobn/im_done_with_alcohol/

Today with the help of AA and from this sub I am four days sober...I am still trying to figure out how to behave and function without alcohol. Trying to figure out how I ever let alcohol become a singular controlling voice in my life. I am having mild (relative to what I've read here and heard about in AA) withdrawal symptoms. Sweaty at night little appetite. Feeling sluggish in general. Dreams most nights about drinking...When I stopped on Saturday I was having 5-10 drinks a night every night (mostly bourbon but some high-gravity beer) and had been for a year or more having slowly but steadily increased both the frequency and amount of my consumption for 6-7 years...There were several small tipping-points that led me to become a desperate drunk. The timeline is hazy. But at some point I began drinking alone more than with company. I began drinking on an empty stomach more than with a meal. I began drinking whiskey more than beer. I began hiding my drinking from my wife. I began hiding alcohol in the house and in my car. I began planning my days based on how to get properly drunk without anyone really noticing. If there is such a thing as a functioning alcoholic I was one...I was never arrested. I never got in a bar fight. In fact I never behaved vastly differently when I drank. I generally avoided becoming stumbling/black-out drunk although I have been a few times. Usually I drank enough to feel good and still be able to speak clearly but even that good level of buzz that I desperately wanted became harder and harder to achieve. Both because it took more alcohol to produce the effect and because I had to consume it more quickly as my body became more efficient at metabolizing ethanol...Last night I had to work until late. When I got in the car to drive home I found a bottle of whiskey in the center console that had maybe 100 ml of bourbon in it. Days earlier I had confessed everything to my wife and together we removed the alcohol from our house. My first thought when I found it was that if I drank what was left in that bottle it wouldn't be enough to get me properly drunk. I then realized the insanity of that idea. What the hell was I doing?..I am 32 and have two small children who are healthy and smart and beautiful. I have a beautiful wife who I love and who supports me in this as in everything. I have a good job...I'm tired of being a slave to alcohol. I'm tired of not being able to enjoy other things properly because alcohol has numbed me to joy and pain alike. Does alcohol lessen anxiety? Yes for a while. And then it begins to do so less and less and it begins to steal other simple joys. Morning coffee. Sex. Dessert. The childlike feeling of being naughty for staying up late. Eventually (in my experience) it begins to create it's own anxieties and depression and self-loathing...Today I am four days sober. I am grateful to those who have told about their experience with alcohol in this sub. Your stories have helped. I am attending AA meetings which I seem to think is helping but I understand that everyone is different. I struggle to believe in God at least in the way most Christians do and that was one thing that probably delayed my going to a meeting. But for whatever qualms I may have with AA it seems to be helping and for that I am indebted to the people and the program. But none of that really matters. Tonight I am thankful to whatever God may be that I am not drinking. And I am proud to be not drinking with all of you here...Edit: Stopped Saturday not Sunday.
----------immediate responses--------

