-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mye4p/im_getting_worse_i_need_some_friends_gag_reflex/

Every time I think about posting a topic I realize there are like three or five or ten things I want to talk about... and then end up doing none of them. So here's my shoddy attempt at a solution...Ever since I relapsed after 3 weeks (the longest I've gone without drinking in years) I've been getting worse. I've been drinking earlier later and more. Up until I stopped I was bad but at least I was consistent and still had some limits and never drank before about 8:00 PM. Then I relapsed and everything got WORSE. I was supposed to be a little closer to beating this and I got further...Next thing. Because of my own depression and lack of motivation I lost 1 friend. Another friend I lost because he disappeared of the face of the earth with no explanation and no goodbye and I lost all trust for him. I tried to keep being friends with him but he just... didn't really care about anyone else. A third friend I lost because of a very toxic dynamic between us. One day I'll be glad it's over but that's not today. Right now I miss this person more than I've ever missed anyone. I'll be straight-up about it; we abused each other. Not physical abuse but still a toxic dynamic regardless. I took the blame despite feeling pressured into closeness many times. It's destroying me because that's literally the type of person I never wanted to be. I never wanted to take advantage of anyone and I never wanted to be taken advantage of. In this relationship I managed both and it's been fucking with me. A lot. I'm in a kind of dark place right now...So that's three friends that I've lost recently and though I still have a few good friends (two that I'm reasonably tight with only one that's a true 'best friend') I just feel like I'm running out of people. It's not even that I NEED a bunch of friends - I'm an introvert. it's that this is almost a trend now and it's scaring me like it's a curse. Am I destined to lose my close friends? Do I deserve to?..Last thing is gag reflex. I didn't realize this was such a thing until seeing a post about it earlier. So I gotta ask do any of you.....-dry heave if your throat is too dry..-choke on your toothbrush..-get your gag reflex triggered way too easily about bad smells etc. even when you never used to..-feel like your throat is tight or your uvula is too big because of how often you swallow gag or dry heave..-need to take a water bottle with you literally everywhere to moisten your throat and keep that nasty sensation away?..Because I was scared I had some kinda illness or something. But could it truly be alcohol causing all that?..Anyway real sorry for the disjointedness of this. I needed to just say things and not worry about being too articulate or else I just never would. And I needed to. It'll be okay eventually I think but... Life just kinda hurts right now...Hope you all are doing okay. c:
----------immediate responses--------

