-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6n5r08/take_this_as_a_venting_first_post_21_days_sober/

Almost a month sober. My last drink was 3 cans of lager I would say I was pressured into drinking but honestly I was so desperate I would have drank anything in sight with a significant alcohol content. I need to stop lying to myself...Before that I had broken up with my on-off toxic so-called boyfriend with whom I would drink every single day. It's like we somehow magically sought each other out. We went from being total strangers to getting absolutely hammered together sharing a bed the first night we met and this continued on and off until mid June. We would lie and scrape the money together for a drink. ..We'd promise ourselves we'd go for a quiet drink sometimes just to get out of his room - we never went out - because drinking outside the house without a cheap off license bottle of vodka or a crate of cheap cans is fucking expensive - what the fuck is a quiet drink. .I'd end up fighting the inevitable pass out in the street after as many doubles and triples as I could afford. ..But the problem started way before that. So much bad shit happened to me while I was struggling with alcohol. I just started to wonder was it worth it. I've dated two fellow alcoholics the first I loved with everything I had and he's getting better. And he had to leave me to do that. ..The second I was never in love with I don't think. And it pains me to say that. I think I just was hurting so much from the breakup in December that I somehow thought this man I met in January was a steady source of love validation and a sharer of my habits. That makes me less of a bad person right if someone else joins in my blackout daydrinking? Wrong obviously...So maybe its my time to get better. I'm off all drugs except my steady stream of coffee and Lactimal. I can't fucking sleep. Because I'm not taking Valium anymore. I've lost all my friends who I realised were NEVER real friends to begin with. They're there if you want to get fucked up and do really stupid shit or sit in your car and get high with while you all desperately phone everyone in your contacts looking for someone with a bag ready but not when you're proud of yourself when you're sober when you've actually showered and gotten out of bed saved money from not buying drinks. They fucking magically dissappear into thin air...I've lost what I pathetically called love and companionship. I don't go out. I'm trying to work out a bit. Trying to go out at least once a week. ..But I'm enrolled in school for September and this time I won't be shuffling in late and hungover. I won't have my learning mentor taking me aside and asking me if I was drunk or high still from the night before. I won't be dirty and unwashed in yesterday's clothes with makeup drawn over that of the night before's reeking of booze...I'm pretty miserable now looking back thinking about it all. I've lost so much. I'm scared. But I also have immense hopes for the future. I'm feeling good. ..Thanks for listening whoever decided to actually pay attention to my bullshit. <3 
----------immediate responses--------

