-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nchd1/helping_my_buddy_without_seeming_patronizing/

So my best friend from high school has had a drinking problem pretty much since he started college. In HS he didn't drink a drop I think because both of his parents have struggled with alcohol and he didn't want to become them. We're both 25 now. He first told me about two years ago that he wants to stop and I was really supportive he went to AA but lately he hasn't mentioned it and I know he's been drinking a lot. We've both graduated college but he still lives in his old college town (a pretty big party school). ..Right now I'm on my way to visit him for the weekend and I've been planning on asking him how he's doing as far as drinking and possibly myself not even drinking when I'm there to kind of set an example...20 minutes ago he texted me "Just got off work what kind of booze do you want?" Fuck. I wanted to say something like how about we stay sober tonight but I tend to be a people-pleaser and non-confrontational so I found myself just replying "whatever you feel like." ..I feel like a shitty friend for basically enabling him but I just know he'll think I'm being holier-than-thou if I say that we/he shouldn't drink. He tends to feel patronized easily and he would be mad at me and it would ruin the weekend. He has a bad temper as well which doesn't usually come out but when it does it's intense. ..So I guess I'm looking for ways to bring it up without it being too awkward or seeming like I'm talking down to him. Maybe there is no way to avoid it being awkward. Honestly I think he needs to leave his college town for starters but he loves it there. ..I almost feel like maybe I should back off let him get there by himself (meaning get to a place where he finally stops) but I'm worried he'll get hurt or worse while blacked out and again I don't want to enable by remaining passive. ..Didn't mean to write so much but any advice from someone whose friend successfully helped them (or from a friend who helped) would be really appreciated...Edit: after reading my post I guess I don't necessarily have to drink with him but he would treat me weirdly about it. So I guess I just wanna see if there's any sort of tips anyone has before I take the plunge and risk him being mad at me.
----------immediate responses--------

