-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ndwjl/today_is_a_new_day/

I've been lurking on this subreddit for the past few months but today is the day I make my first post. I'm 22 have been struggling with clinical depression most of my life and did not realize or accept it could be depression until I was about 19. My first drug (as I assume could be true for a lot of us) experience was smoking weed when I was 14. Instantly I was hooked (in the psychological sense); I had found my escape...From about 15 until now I have pretty much consistently smoking every single day 90% of the time alone(about 4 times a day). I look back now and see how much damage it has done in terms of relationships that could've and would've progressed completely differently had I not been getting stoned all the time. (trying hard to keep this brief!) So many opportunities thrown away in exchange for a (3-4 hour) mostly anxious high. ..Well while continuing to do that I discovered drinking but I really didn't start getting into it until about 17 when I started drinking alone (but I should add the the first time I drank was alone because of the lack of weed off of my parents liquor). Even when I went to parties and drank with friends it always about getting to my own personal state (oblivion of course). I've been an alcoholic I'd say since about 17 in that sense. ..Fast forward to now. While I'm still able to skip a few days from drinking without too much trouble it's never by choice; as I am still chasing the same escape whether it be getting drunk one night and high the next or both at the same time: I am still chasing the same illusion. I am constantly battling cravings. I have always been in debt due to this expensive self-prescription but never more-so than now. Alcohol surely has me making worse decisions as a whole and I'm psychologically and physically dependent on it. But weed has been just about as bad on me as it has kept me in pretty much the same place since I started smoking...Anyways I'm finally ("tried" many a time before) making the decision to go completely sober today. Just recently I've been getting loaned weed by trusting friends on multiple occasions without paying them back due to not being able to afford more drugs when I *do* get the money. I came to the realization today that this is practically robbery and that gave me a very ominous feeling (self-hatred for starters). .I'm not the person I was many years ago before this cycle began and right now I'm not the person I'm supposed to be or want to be for that matter..Today I feel was my first real sobering day...I plan on going to my first meeting tomorrow...Thanks for reading. You lot have certainly helped a lot with your personal stories and advice since I started lurking here. I'm glad to be a part of the community now...Not drinking (or toking) with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

