-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nhk6b/sharing_my_story_and_trying_to_commit_to_the/

Sharing my story here in an attempt to shed some light on my self-imposed shame and move past it into action. ..I'm 33 years old. Have been sober (actually "straightedge") in the past for about 3 years 2 or 3 years ago. I originally quit because I was partying way too hard on weekends and my behavior was getting risky in ways that made me uncomfortable. Then I stuck with it because I felt so much better and had an awesome community of sober folks in the hardcore music scene. ..After moving to California and getting a job in the outdoor industry I found myself surrounded by beer culture again and decided I wanted to see if I could just drink occasionally and be cool about it. It started with a beer here and there then one every evening after work to wind down. Then 2. Then 3. Then overdoing it on the weekends occasionally. Then overdoing it on the weekends regularly. ..I struggle with depression/anxiety and I know drinking makes it worse overall but I use it as a coping mechanism to deal with feelings in the present. EVERY time I have more than a beer or two I beat myself up for it which exacerbates the hangover feelings exponentially. Binge drinking is extremely socially acceptable in pretty much all my friend groups so what feels like a problem to me doesn't raise any eyebrows around me. I love craft beer and tell myself I'm just a connoisseur but I know that underneath that I'm also trying to escape my feelings. I don't want to give up my beloved IPAs but I KNOW there's something better waiting for me on the other side if I can just take the first step. ..I have been to ACA meetings (Adult Children of Alcoholics) CODA meetings (Co-Dependents Anonymous) but never AA. I think I'm afraid to make a public effort to quit drinking and fail that people will judge me. Or that if I really commit that I'll miss it too much. Which is so ridiculous because I have BEEN sober before and I was FINE. But I forgot how to just be a person who doesn't drink. I've seen a few friends go sober recently and I am inspired by how much better they are doing but I can't seem to mentally commit. I'm kinda that way with everything (exercise budgeting etc.) so I know there is deeper work to do but I really feel like drinking is getting in the way of doing that work and/or just being happy and healthy in general. ..I am moving to a new city for work next month and I really don't want to carry these habits there with me but I have already established friendships with bartenders there and I know I use drinking as a way to fill time and meet people when I'm lonely. I talk/think about quitting all the time but I just can't get myself to take the leap. I so badly want to be free from this struggle but I'm having a hard time letting go. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

