-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nju5c/keeping_things_in_perspective/

I've been seeing a guy lately and we have become very comfortable around each-other and he is aware of my alcoholism and my sobriety and is very supportive about it all. Last night he invited me out to a BBQ and to meet some of his friends I have not met before. ..As normal I'm a young adult so I was aware people would be drinking and I had a moment where I was craving alcohol before attending however I managed 10 months of sobriety last year and knew exactly how things would go down if I did drink. ..To put things in perspective and what really helped me was playing the tape forward. I played the two scenarios in my head. If I did chose to drink I would have been depressed solely because of relapsing not to mention potentially making a dick out of myself or not making a good impression my guys friends. Waking up to that anxiety inducing hangover and basically screwing things up in a nutshell because a relapse for me won't just stop end here. ..Alcoholism is a progressive addiction. It only gets worse you just pick up from where you left off and the last time I drank I ended up in hospital and a psych ward so I can't fool myself into thinking I can ever drink normally. ..That's all very harsh and depressing but not at all. The way my night went was amazing I drank water made a good impression on everyone (I hope). I remember everything was able to sober drive me and my guy home. Had really amazing conversations with the new people I met. I was surrounded by drinkers but no-one was out of control drunk and a lot of weed was being smoked so it was really just a feel good environment. Feel good today am not tired at all and have an awesome evening planned with a friend which involves watching most haunted while eating chocolate and smoking some cigs. ..It feels like a curse to have such an issue with alcohol but it is what it is and I have accepted that I can't drink but now I am starting to truly feel like I don't even want to drink and I've never felt this way before. Being sober is rewarding in every way. ..I haven't even started drug and alcohol counseling yet but I am very much looking forward to it and can't wait to learn about how to stay sober...Sorry for the long text just felt like sharing because it feels so right being sober and present. Hope everyone is having a really good day/night.
----------immediate responses--------

