-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nmt18/not_sure_what_i_should_do_could_use_some_advice/

Hello I have been a longtime lurker and been for the last year looking at my drinking habits and been concerned with my relationship with alcohol. Sorry that this is so long and hopefully I did not ramble too much...A little background I did not start heavily drinking until I was 18 in college. I feel from the start however that my view of how to consume alcohol was skewed. The fraternity I was in was a big party house and most of the guys would party hard Thursday Friday and Saturday and the only way to consume alcohol was to get super hammered. There would be nights I would black out and get puke my guts out. I would go to parties with my fraternity brothers and my girlfriend at the time and get drunk but I was always looking out for my safety and never really had any issues with alcohol. ..The problems with alcohol began when I moved out of the fraternity house and into my own apartment. I began to drink a lot and most of the time alone. At this same time I began having issues with depression and would drink when I was depressed. I isolated myself from people and my social life began to dwindle except for my girlfriend and my roommate (who was my cousin). There would be weeks where I would drink heavily 5 days of that week. My senior year of college would begin the downhill of me getting drunk enough that I would skip class and the relationship with my then girlfriend deteriorated because I would sometime choice alcohol over her because I was so depressed. I was in therapy (which I still am in therapy) and while I knew at the time alcohol probably played a role in my issues I did not want to quit because while I was probably having issues with alcohol I did not think it was enough that I was having to many issues in my life...After graduating from college I stayed in the town I went to college in and basically worked stayed in my apartment and drank and hung out with my then girlfriend who at this point I began to push away and put most of my problems on her. When she wanted to go out and do fun things I just wanted to stay home and drink and do nothing. I was scared of the future and began having suicidal thoughts and really just wanted to give up on life...Last August me and my ex broke up and while it needed to happen it devastated me pretty badly. Even to the point of leaving early from job at the time to go to the liquor store and drink away the tears I had at the time. It also made me start to look at my life and figure out where to go from there. I knew I was very depressed and had a very bleak outlook for my future. After a come to Jesus moment I knew I had to change a lot of things in my life or else I was going to fall even more downhill. I also knew that my relationship with alcohol needed to change...From September 15th of 2016 to Thanksgiving that same year I gave up alcohol for the first time just to allow myself to detox. Coming on to this site really gave me motivation to stop and look at how the role of alcohol was playing in my life. During that time I felt so refreshed and felt like I was a person again. I started going to the gym and working out (I even began to lose weight) and also had a much more positive outlook on my life. I even began to be more open to my parents who in the past I would never tell them anything about what was happening in my life. I also began to go out and meet positive people through a church in the town I was living in. This was big for me because it made me get out of my comfort zone and allow myself to be vulnerable instead of hiding from the world. I also applied and got into grad school at another school in the state which I will be starting in August...Around Thanksgiving I started to try and drink moderately and for a while I was doing well. My rule was that I would have no alcohol in my apartment and would only drink when at the bars with friends. For a while that was working. However I started to go back on old habits of drinking alone in my apartment as well as drinking heavily and drink when I was depressed. I was starting to get depressed again and my attitude on life was going back to this bleak view on life. After a 4 day binge fest in April I decided to not drink again all of May. Once again I felt like I had energy and positive outlook on life. After the month of May ended I started drinking moderately again but I went back to my old habits. It has not helped that I had to move back in with my parents for a month before my apartment lease in the city I moving to for graduate school. Basically all I have done since I have been home is work out drink and lay out by the pool. ..My issue with all of this is I am not sure whether I should just quit alcohol all together.  This last year I have had to closely look at my relationship with alcohol and I am not sure it is a positive one. Being that alcohol is a depressant and I have a history of depression and anxiety since I was 10 it makes it worse. I also know that I binge drink a lot which I know is not good for my health and tend to just drink alone when I am either bored or depressed. At the same time I feel that alcohol is so ingrained in our culture and I feel that if I were to quit altogether that I would struggle socially and I feel uncomfortable telling people especially family that I may have a problem with alcohol. ..Thank you for your time and have a blessed day
----------immediate responses--------

