-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6npthm/first_time_posting/

Recently I realized that my drinking problem has become unmanageable and I need to take control of my life so I decided to try to quit. In 25 days I learned more about myself than I did spending the last 4 years drinking. I started to believe in myself and felt like I could tackle any task I set for myself. Rather than settling for less and putting the least required in effort in a task I was pushing myself to see my limits and exploring new boundaries.  I started school and set an educational goal for myself and started putting an effort. I started lifting weights and running and watched my body transform before my eyes. I started cooking my own meals made sure my shirts were crisp and my clothes were ironed. I took my dog out for hikes and loved seeing him so happy. I was more social and outgoing and wasn't afraid to try something new. I stopped talking to some friends and reconnected with others and was even ready to forgive family members who I felt have wronged me in the past. I was learning to love myself and taking care of myself and I started enjoying life. 25 days I did this and I remember thinking how I would never go back to drinking. On day 26 I relapsed and went into a 4 day binge. Why? What were my reasons? I was afraid of being happy and was so used to my depressive stage that I felt I needed the bottle to wake me up from this fairy tale. I was so used to self-sabotaging myself that the addicted mind created absurd reasons for me to relapse and rationalized my poor decisions into being the right ones. I was foolish to forget how bad alcohol was for me. After relapsing I had no desire to cook for myself or go to the gym. I skipped class and ignored text messages from friends. I called in sick from work and scraped clothes from the floor and put on anything that didn't smell too bad. I chose playing video games and watching porn in my dark room over playing with my dog out in the sun and flirting with girls. All the new habits I was forming and everything that I wanted for myself were erased and forgotten over the few days on booze. I remember looking at myself when I was sober and smiling thinking how handsome and how great of a person I am. I looked into the mirror today and all I can think about is how ashamed I am of myself and how much I hate myself. This is what alcohol does to me and this is what I become when I drink booze. The life that I used to imagine for myself and dream about is attainable without alcohol but I threw it all away over a bottle. It's either I quit drinking and live the life I've always wanted or continue drinking and fall into the pit of depression anxiety and self-loathing. Sounds like an easy and brainless decision. But why is it so hard? I'm tired of running around in circles and I have to quit for myself once and for all. 
----------immediate responses--------

