-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6o3pxn/finally_out_of_my_comfort_zone/

I listen to an awesome podcast called "Recovery Elevator" and in it Paul the host talks about our comfort zone.  He says to draw a dot then draw a circle around it.  The dot is me and the circle is my comfort zone.  He says that recovery lies OUTSIDE of the circle.  That means in order to truly recover I have to do some things I don't want to do...I have been hiding my addiction from my wife for 3-4 years.  I made a throwaway sub here a while back and tried quitting without telling her many times.  It didn't work...Yesterday after 2 months of planning and preparation and fear and trembling I called her into the kitchen and said "I need to read something to you."  I read my full confession and said I was ready to quit.  I said I'm ready for help for true honesty for true accountability and support.  ..If I'm that dot and the circle is my comfort zone then telling my wife was about a mile outside the circle.  It's scary because 1) Now that she knows the stakes of relapse are higher and 2) Now that it's not a secret anymore the rubber has truly hit the road and I can't keep hiding my "little pet."..So anyway here I am. Truly open and honest.  Testing out Paul's theory that recovery is out of my comfort zone.  The last 24 hours have been amazing for our relationship.  My wife is very supportive and sympathetic.  I've found a counselor and am working through the 12 steps...I'm already learning that the issue for me isn't "why the drinking?"  It's "why the pain?"  Drinking or any habit or addiction generally is protecting us from something and more times than not it's our own thoughts.  It's quite frightening to be alone with my thoughts and drinking has kept me numb from them for a while...But now my authentic life has started.  I am out of my comfort zone and somehow that's comforting...TLDR: Hid alcohol addiction from wife for years.  Told her yesterday. Starting true recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

