-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6o6r5p/30_days_sober_i_honestly_thought_id_never_type/

Today marks 30 days of no alcohol for me .....It's super early days but I thought I would share some of the feelings I had in the last month it's been quite a rollercoaster .....First week was really horrible insane cravings and sweating and mentally negative ( cocaine was involved in last bender so this did not help :) )..Second week had a couple of moments of euphoria but mainly felt super tired and kind of zonked ... Zombified and sober taking stock and trying to stay sober this was my second real attempt at trying first time I drank after about 16 days dry a year and a half ago and was too ashamed to even try again until now. ..I get so inspired when people fall off the wagon and then get immediately back on here on SD that takes guts...Third week was beset with anger random intense rage that seemed to come from nowhere and made me so so insane i didn't recognise myself. Like shaking with rage kind of thing that feeling in the back of your legs where you wanna kick a wall...I came on here and got some good advice from some kind people and I started going back out running again last week and that has helped me. I'm not saying exercise is the key but it definitely is helping me the anger is fading I'm balancing out...I find that I way prefer mornings to evenings now I get up early and have some quality time with my kids and some amazing coffee ( coffee is still good with me ) and I get work done...Evenings I still find hard pretty boring to be honest been drinking a lot of ginger tea and watched almost entire series of Silicone Valley in last few weeks. Going to bed early really I'd like to change this up but one thing at a time...I would say to people struggling in first few weeks hang in there and hold on. I'm starting to see a better version of reality and me it's not 100% here yet but I'm getting little glimpses of it and there have been enough to give me the strength to hold on...It's not easy there are moments of great despair of grief and sadness for time passed and opportunities lost BUT to be honest I never thought I would write I am 30 days sober I am 40 years old now and this is the longest i have been sober in about 25 years. It's pretty fucking insane but feels good...I'm really wary about celebrating this fact because I am terrified I'm gonna fuck up but I'm gonna hold on and see where this goes - at my age it's pretty exciting to actually feel new things. I'm humble with this soberness this time because I know how fast it can all change...Love to all my SD brothers and sisters this place has helped me a lot I've been lurking every single day...Take care of yourselves and hold on. Big love...
----------immediate responses--------

