-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ocp6m/relapses_and_honesty_in_relationships/

About a month or two into being sober I met someone.  We've been taking slow. It's been nice to start a relationship with someone that has never seen me drunk. ...I told her on our first date that I didn't drink without going into too much detail. It was NBD for her and she had a couple drinks and we both had a (really) nice time. ...As the relationship progressed she expressed how much she likes being with someone who is sober. Turns out she dated two active alcoholics in her past and it was pretty hard on her.  This added a little pressure to my own sobriety (not a good thing for me) and I worried about how she would react if I relapsed....Well it happened. I relapsed and I told her. I had avoided her during the relapse and a few days into it so I think she thought something was going on. When I told her I could tell it bothered her. She would gently ask me questions and then the conversation would move onto something else and I would think "well that's that." Then later in the middle of a conversation she would ask me more anxious questions about my relapse: why it happened was I lying when I said I had to work etc. This happened a bit more than I had anticipated. I think she feels hurt or perhaps deceived in some ways (even though I hadn't lied during this time). I think rationally she knows this isn't about her.  Given her past experience with alcoholics I'm sure there's some fear too....I don't mind the questions and I know it's hard for someone to understand who isn't an alcoholic but honestly the added stress of disappointing someone else makes it harder for me to be sober not easier. I have trouble with expectations and I have a tendency to self-sabotage them in these types of situations. ...There's no real point to this post just needed to get it off my chest. I'm worried about her being worried and about introducing problems into our relationship.  I'm trying to take care of myself and I know that's 90% of having a good relationship (or something more than 50% at least) but now there's a blemish a speedbump a bad thing however small in this new relationship and that bums me out...Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

