-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ovznu/new_to_this_struggling_a_bit_long_vent/

Hi everyone..I decided to come out of lurking and subscribe. I relate to everyone's posts so much. For some context I'll give some backstory. Sorry in advance for the novel. As of today I'm 9 days sober. ..I'm a 30 something mom who's married and thankfully has a really supportive DH. He rarely drinks anymore. I haven't explicitly told him about my thoughts on quitting drinking all together. The fact that I have reservations about doing that/going public scares me. ..All of my immediate family drinks. One is an active alcoholic who I limit contact with. After an alcohol related liver transplant (and continued drinking after brief sobriety) and other alcohol related issues the rollercoaster hurts too much. I haven't been to Alanon yet but I'm trying to muster the courage to attend a meeting. (Love that subreddit). ..I drank normally (in that 1/2-1 bottle of wine every couple of nights) in college/post. Often alone. Escalated a few times when life was really shit. ..Having kids and BFing them for almost two years each meant hardly ever drinking when they were babies/toddlers. They're still pretty young. This past winter I really struggled and was finding myself drinking more and more. Just in excess at home and I can stop after a couple when we are out to eat but I find it makes me want to buy more. I did notice I was pretty shaky a few times and that terrified me as my family member shakes terribly (I also love Intervention). ..I have a long history with GAD and clinical depression so alcohol is an easy out for emotional stress/social anxiety hurdle. I never used to think I had a problem but what's given me pause is the cravings. If I don't plan on drinking and then see people on Facebook with a big glass of wine or a crisp beer I want it and will buy some. Then I usually pour "one" glass and have two more because why not? I never intend to. I've notice now just seeing alcohol in the house makes me want it. I haven't experienced that in at least a decade. ..I haven't drank since last Wednesday when family was visiting. I only had a couple but I felt a little disappointed in myself (I hadn't drank since the previous Sunday). ..Tonight hubby and I have a rare date night and plan to go to an awesome restaurant. I don't know why I'm nervous I guess because it's a place where most people drink? I've never had a problem not ordering booze when I wasn't thinking about it but somehow the thought is terrifying. ..I know I don't want to be like that family member. Growing up with their drinking and knowing how much they struggle is awful and while in some ways I feel like I have control a big part of me is saying I really don't. I do not want to end up with no short term memory and constant shaking/DTs/any of it. ..Any tips for something to order besides sparking water? Idk why but I have all this anxiety about ordering something cliche and them thinking "oh got it". Why should I even care? ..If you made it this far thanks for reading. I don't have any sober friends locally so I don't have anyone to vent this to. 
----------immediate responses--------

