-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6oxe3l/just_joined_the_community_day_one/

Hello folks. I wanted to make my own post because I kept wanting to dump myself all over other people's. Hope I'm following the proper protocol. I've been lurking for months but after another devastating hangover this past week I've decided to get my badge and start participating... I had my first drink at 16 really only drank problematically for the past 5 or 6 years since I turned 21 and could get it whenever I wanted. I've tried to cut back but it's never NOT been a struggle always budgeting bargaining painfully aware of how much there is left and how much I'm "allowed" to have-and eventually I wake up one morning and realize I've had the equivalent of 15 glasses of wine the day before. The longest I've made it without drinking was three weeks and I was just starting to really feel the benefits. My stomach was a crazy mess couldn't sleep anxiety and mood swings through the roof for at least two weeks... but somehow I convinced myself I could moderate and didn't want to have to "suffer through" a sober vacation. ..When I'm drinking I'm worried about my health I waste the vast majority of my free time (and a significant portion of time I should be working) and I don't want to do it any more. I want to be rested and in my right mind so I can put the time in necessary to learn new skills and find a career I want to eat what I want and what my body needs and not whatever will assuage my hangover nausea I want to potentially be able to take medication for anxiety and not have to worry about it's interaction with alcohol I want to remember what I said to my boyfriend the night before instead of trying to gauge how irritated he seems and wondering how apologetic I should be. ..Nothing you haven't heard before but it feels good to share. I'm pretty impressed with the positivity in this sub and I'm really looking forward to seeing my little badge tick forward and checking in each day with a group of people who are on the same journey..Not drinking with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

