-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6p3yek/i_relapsed_need_to_post/

I fucked up. I pass a liquor store every day on the way home from work and on Friday I slipped up. It was all I could think about day at work. This morning I woke up naked on the floor. All my food that I bought for next week is gone. I'm too hungover to go out and buy more. I feel sick. I hadn't drank in a month and I threw it all away. I've lost a day and a half. I poured out what was left as soon as I woke up...I was doing so well too. I don't know what came over me. I'm only 21 years old. I should have more willpower than this. One month down the drain for no reason whatsoever. I'm sorry for rambling I just need to get the thoughts down somewhere where people give a shit. There's another way home from work that's like 10 minutes longer but I think it might be worth it. I'm sick of that fucking sign taunting me. Every day. ..The screen is hurting my eyes now so I'm going to lay down again. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

It isn't all about will power. When I rely solely on my will power- it wears out eventually. I need in person help too. AA or Smart recovery. Podcasts: Recovery Elevator That Sober Guy. Book: "Sober Up" "The Naked Mind". ..Rarely exists the person who can do this on their own willpower. If it was doable- most people wouldn't be on this site. ..Good for getting right back here. You can do another 30 days. You didn't throw that away. You learned a lot during that time. And this relapse is a lesson. Take what you can from it pick up dust off and get back to it. ..Not drinking with you today. Everyone on here knows your struggle it is real and you aren't alone. 
You are not alone my friend. Slip ups happen unfortunately but you can't beat yourself up over it. You are human and we all make mistakes. But we learn from them. That's all you can do is learn from your mistakes. Stay strong we are here for you. 
don't beat yourself up. Acknowledge your mistake and move forward. dwelling on the past will only be a detriment. 
I don't think it's about willpower so much although intention and discipline do come into play.  I know that beating myself up never helped motivate me.  I found [the Baby Steps] (https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) helpful when I first stopped.  I found changing up my patterns helped...those 10 extra minutes might save your life...Sending you good juju.
Maybe take a different road home and try to find something you like about it. A cool house a little park a nice view or a coffee shop? I try little tricks like that when I'm feeling tired and not up to being in an environment I'll want to drink. ..I hope you can find a new route!.I will not drink with you today.
Taking an idea from a post a couple weeks back is to flip off that store as you drive by. Could be liberating and save yourself 10 minutes. Or I suggest using the alternate route until this passes. 30 days are not lost they still happened. Just broke the steak. All that matters now is not taking that first drink. Rooting for you  
