-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6p67ro/relapsed_last_night/

I've been thinking of what to say all day. I've been ill all day I told my husband I was coming down with something. I'm just hung over. I felt so great hitting a week sober. As I lay in bed feeling worse than when I always drank I feel more determined than ever to actually stay sober this time. I hate this feeling. ..I've got to take this one day at a time. I need to stop getting so discouraged. ..I have to keep fighting the good fight. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. Just remember this feeling next time :)
Thank you for posting this. I needed to read it it's like a sign. I'm sorry that happened but I'm glad you're still here and that you posted. We can do this.
It's really easy when we start feeling quite well to want to "reward" ourselves...Feel free to do so just not with booze!..I like to spend the money I would have spent on booze- on making myself a top notch meal. The activity of cooking is really cathartic for me and once you're done you get to eat it!
I really feel for you. I've been there SOOO many times. Try to remember how much you hated the feelings and just commit to staying sober one day at a time. 
My young kid today apologized for her frisbee throw not landing anywhere near me (we began tossing frisbee for the first time 2 days ago). I told her it doesn't matter where it lands now it only matters that she picks it up and throws it again because that's called practice and eventually it will land where she wants it to...I'm on a badass sobriety streak right now (I intend for it to be forever) but this sure as hell wasn't my first try. My first try was only hours long. And then after that only days long...Dust yourself off and try again.  And pick something to do better next time even if it's just a tiny tweak to your routine that you think could give you an advantage!
don't be too hard on yourself life is full of ups and downs that is the nature of the beast. use the event to strengthen your resolve. if you did it for one week you can do it for two or ten or 100. think of all the benefits. good that you re-set your badge too just keep following that it really helps to motivate. and check in daily lots of folks are here to help. 
You know how long an airplane is on the absolute most direct course to its destination? Very little. Sometimes is more on target other times less on target but still overall on the right trajectory. 
The most important thing is that you are back and so quickly. Last time I relapsed after for months but my relapse lasted half a year so to me you are a superhero for finding your way back to getting sober again and to Sd right the next day. And I guess that everytime we relapse we learn something vital. And that once we have all our ducks in the row we can finally manage to stay sober for good. 
Thank you for posting. It's a good reminder for me to keep going. Don't be hard on yourself... this can take a while. In the end we will do it!
I stayed sober for as long as I did now because every time I wanted to pick up I reminded myself how shitty I felt during a relapse. Relapses are powerful little memories you can store and draw strength from when you feel good and invincible from sobriety. I made particularly bad memories 6 months ago and haven't looked back. You can do it! 
I will not drink with you today. Never stop trying!
Feeling worse is good feeling worse means you're better and getting back on right away is the most difficult step of them all. You got this! And we got you :))
I've been there. As others have said go easy on yourself. It's all a learning experience. 
Remember -every failure is a lesson. Relapse is very common so don't feel bad about it. Instead use it as an opportunity to ask yourself why you relapsed was there a trigger? How do you feel now after drinking? Etc. ..Also think of all the days you didn't relapse. That's an accomplishment!..Dust yourself off and get back after it. You've got this.
I know how you feel. I did the same thing. Let's make a promise right now to not drink today.
it was a hard weekend for me too. don't beat yourself up please. ANY progress is still progress. keep learning keep growing keep trying.
After 30 days I slipped.  It happens.  It's what we learn from it that we need to focus on.  Not the guilt or being hard on ourselves.  This is not an easy journey but it is one we can travel together. Chin up and let's do this! I will not drink with you!
Lots of speedbumps on the road to recovery.  Treat yourself like you would treat a friend that this happened to.  Be gentle and compassionate to yourself.  We'll get there.
Idle hands are the devils workshop. I'm almost at day 4 now and I can tell you the absolute best thing to do is STAY BUSY. No matter what occupy your mind. Read a book watch a movie play video games go for a walk. Anything to stave the thought away. I've found that the longer I'm occupied especially during those moments when all I want is to get drunk it goes away. 
Do you remember what the trigger was?  Or the thoughts immediately preceding the Fuckit moment?  It is helpful I think to analyze to try and avoid next time.  I won't drink with you today.  WTG coming right back.
