-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pbtwc/ended_up_sick_again_and_slept_all_day_yesterday/

I had made it almost 10 weeks sober then relapsed back in June...it turned into binging every weekend again.  Back to the usual Sunday withdrawals of varying levels.  Of course it only got worse and I drank heavy both Friday and Saturday night.  Ended up literally in bed unable to function from about 2:00 AM sunday until I got up for work today (7am Monday).  I spent over 27 hours going through withdrawal and sleeping on and off.  The issue isnt when I drink I dont get DUIs or violent or anything but the hangover/withdrawals are killing me (probably literally).  I requested a badge reset and Im back on it but I already miss Friday nights getting out of working and cracking open those first few.....although it ends the same way every time no matter how much I tell myself it wont.  It not just hangovers now its getting very scary and dangerous (I ended up back in the hospital in April same scenario).  
----------immediate responses--------

I missed work today because my weekend was a relapse of binge drinking...All it did was pummel me with anxiety...I posted a lot of positive highs from not drinking.  If I feel compelled that I "have to have my weekend reward" I'm going to re-read how the bigger reward came when I didn't drink...I'm not drinking with you today.  
You sound a lot like me. I'm only a month in but I think 2 of my biggest motivators have been:  .  .1) The hangovers are awful. I vividly remember writhing around on the couch one Sunday heart pounding head hurting sweaty clammy anxiety ridden and thinking "Is this fun for you? Was it worth it?". I recall this every time I want a drink.  .  .2) I don't have the self control to drink in amounts that don't result in an epic hangover. See number 1.  .  .I'd been frightened of my hangovers and withdrawals for years. Finally I accepted that I cannot control myself and that quitting entirely is the only path available.
That's so hard. I feel you on the enjoyment of cracking those first few beers.. but just think what do those lead to? The he'll of the hangover and withdrawal. Cling to the sober mornings and how good you will feel waking up without those. Cravings get easier the longer you deprive yourself of the alcohol. It's hard to remember but it's so true.
Sounds like more support is in order. I would not be sober today had I not worked with a therapist gone to treatment and relied on AA. I hope you will do something different this time.
