-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pbyg8/i_cant_drink_anymore/

After struggling with alcoholism for several years I have reached a point where I have to stop. It started out as rebound anxiety on rare occasions the morning after during my hangover. I kept quitting and relapsing and with every relapse I felt worse and worse. Not only ashamed and like a failure but lately the anxiety has crept up on me and now I get it immediately almost every time I drink. It feels like the paranoia you can get from bad weed. I just can't anymore. Alcohol used to be such a loyal companion now I can't handle it at all anymore. I had my last (three) drinks last night. I've requested a badge for the first time; my relapses used to be to frequent to even request one. Here I go!..I also struggle with cigarettes and it's been 58 days since my last cigarette. Yesterday and today I feel close to a relapse but I have to stay strong. It's time to take the plunge with drinking too...Finally: what app would you all recommend? I use QuitNow! for cigarettes and I'd also like one for alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
I use "Sober Time" you can pick and choose how and what you want to track that may be beneficial to helping you in recovery. The money tracker is nice but I changed my tracker to hours since my last drink... it has helped and it's free.
Boy can I relate to that anxiety! That's what pushed me into serious sobriety this time around. It was sprinkled with panic attacks and paranoia. I couldn't believe how bad and dark it was getting. If I didn't have so many responsibilities I would have stayed a hermit in my house out of fear. SO grateful to be out of that!!..Not drinking with you!..-lemon
Congratulations on 58 days off of cigarettes!  That is huge!   Nice one dumping the booze!  It feels great.  I won't drink with you today.
[removed]
Staying sober was too hard to attempt it without help. What gave me the tools to build the sober happy life I have today was having a therapist rehab outpatient treatment and AA. What are you going to do differently this time because if nothing changes nothing changes. ..Are you familiar with /r/stopsmoking? 
