-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pckq0/nearly_there_can_almost_touch_200_days/

It has been 198 days since my last drink. I've had some of the worst days of my life as well as some of the best...I've watched 30 or 40 sunsets each one different and spectacular in its own way...I've wondered about my place in the universe and how best to design and execute the construction of the perfect toasted bologna sandwich (that was in the same day mind you lol)...I've felt great anger toward those who have wronged me. I've also hurt for those good people around me that struggle and will never quite get ahead....I've laughed at the TV show *Community* and cried at a live rendition of the First Aid Kit song 'Emmylou"...I've bought myself a couple new shirts - they're nice and I feel confident when I wear them on business...I've learned to appreciate my dog more than I ever thought possible...A lot has happened since January 7th and I'm thankful for every one of the days between then and now. Remember that this isn't a sprint; it's a marathon. Come hell or high water keep on fighting.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on upcoming 200! Your words resonate with my experience... emotions no longer numbed by alcohol. Having to learn to live in a whole different way. Keep up the good work!
This is so beautiful! Congratulations on 200! 
Woooohooooo! Congrats...happy to keep up the fight alongside you...
Just hit that magic number - felt amazing...I'm with you.
Ah first aid kid is pretty spiritual/emotional music. Congrats on your sobriety! 
I've got hell and high water here in Northern IL but I keep on keeping on.  Some days I feel like my life is going backwards but each 24 hours I make it through I'm progressing even if it's at a snail's pace.  And it's a marathon not a sprint! .And way to go on 198 sober days!
Keep kicking ass. You got this. ..And I also bought a new clothing item today. Felt good to actually have the money in my bank account to cover it. 
Congrats!!! LOVE just chuckling while watching a show because it's actually funny! I was watching Master of None last night - laughed for hours! Keep fighting and keep laughing! 
Congratulations &lt;3 
Love this. Congratulations   
Well done! I will not drink with you today. 
"Marathon" - great description!.Congrats on 200-to-be! Stay strong!
