-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pdf4y/complacency_almost_got_me/

I haven't updated my flair but I'm at 26 days. Was starting to feel complacent as it's been getting so much easier and I can go about my day-to-day with little to no struggle... However today I went for a work trip. First up was the flight I fly a lot so I always get upgraded to the section with free drinks. Okay it's a little hard to resist but it's early in the day so not so hard. ..After a day of traveling on multiple delayed flights I get to the conference. After the evening welcome panel we go to dinner..  free drink tickets and everyone at my table is drinking. A struggle but I've been out to dinner with friends so it's not totally new. It's a little more anxiety inducing with it being strangers but overall doable. ..I finally get back to the hotel to check in and they hand me a free drink ticket for "going green"/declining daily room service. My dinner companions invite me to the bar but I say maybe (need to drop my bags anyway). ..The SECOND I walk in the room I start dying for a glass of wine. I immediately look at the minibar - if it had been stocked I would have drank no question. I look at the room service card and hem and haw over the ridiculous fees. I consider ignoring my need to change and shower and going to the bar just for one glass. I must have walked back and forth around the room debating with myself for 20 minutes. ..Finally I took a breath played the tape forward. Our day starts at 7 tomorrow. I had dessert at dinner and don't have the calorie budget for a drink. I'll feel peer pressured to have more than 1 (like I can stop at 1). I'll be around people all day tomorrow and I'm an introvert who needs recharge time. ..I decided to chug a glass of water then hop in the shower and start winding down for bed taking time to pamper myself put on lotion. Write this. ..It's insane how strong old habits are... I loved having a glass of wine in my hotel room on business trips. LOVED. ..I don't even know if this is interesting at all but I wanted to get it out. Jesus what a struggle over some stupid drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you made it through that struggle! I understand how hard that must have been. Great job :)
2 weeks ago I went on a week long business trip to a conference. By the end of the week my hotel room had empty liquor and beer bottles all over. Every drop consumed by me. It was one of the things that made me realize I HAVE to stop NOW. I know what you mean about enjoying a drink in your room on a business trip. It's a cool feeling but in the end all i felt was shame. 
You're my hero. Idk if I would be able to decline all that free alcohol. Well actually I know I wouldn't not yet 
