-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pdic2/day_14_two_weeks_dry/

And I'm very excited anticipating the number 2 appearing in my little sunshine badge in a few hours. (More about the number 2 later.) ..Next week my wife takes the boy on holiday. Staying home alone with the dogs will be a bit of a challenge. The boy still thinks (I think) that I'm on a diet but I can tell he is happier with his soda-swilling dad. (I never asked him to get me a beer from the fridge but I love asking him to get me a Sprite and I think he likes getting it. I experimented last week with virgin cocktails. According to the boy Dr. Pep and Tonic tastes like vomit.) The wife for her part is certainly in the know and would be even more disappointed than the kid should I relapse. Those are two powerful motivating forces but next week it's going to be me up against myself. Or me and you. So don't go anywhere SD. I'll be counting on you.  ..My stepdaughter an out-in-the-world young adult with a taste for high-end Tequila was planning to visit in a few weeks but I arranged for her to join my wife on holiday instead. A relatively minor investment in sobriety. I really don't want alcohol in the house right now. I make killer margaritas when she visits and killer is just a mild exaggeration. She drinks till she's a bit buzzed and I drink till I'm all but comatose. The next day she's as effervescent as a German Weissbier (*haben wir keinen Plan?*) whereas I'm crawling out of bed at noon with a desert in my mouth some arschloch from the Chieftains banging against the inside of my skull like he's playing the bodhr n (at least the whole band ain't there playing their fiddly-diddly music) and intestines ready to explode with something the consistency and stench of cabbage that's been boiling for two hours on a Sunday after mass.  ..Anyway that's all the future and the past whereas today I celebrate two weeks dry and at least a few days of feeling a little like what I imagine normal people feel like (when for example they go to the bog). I can see the road ahead and it's long and it's punishing but for the first time in a long time I feel like I'm on the right road.  ..Thanks to everyone here for helping make that possible. ..Adri Nktoofar..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 2 weeks. Good job! I will not drink with you tonight and good luck! Sober on.
Two weeks is a great number!! I won't drink with you tonight. Thanks for posting. 
I found myself reading this in a English accent... you're very funny!
You've got this.  Have you made some plans for how you're going to fill your time?  Good luck and I'm not drinking with you today!
Well done on the two weeks Adri and the little in-jokes just for me made me laugh my head off well done Sir! :&gt;)&gt;..It's a tough road and full of potholes... bit like all the roads in Kerry actually! Hang in there man you can do this......It's a bit of a revelation to have normal poos again isn't it.... As a Drinker I'd certainly forgotten what it was like not to have every Poo be an Emergency... Like a Flock of Bats leaving the roost at Dusk!..Once you get past the first few days of constipation then crap out something that looks like it might be found clogging up a storm drain.... then a few days later a life-size statue of the Virgin Mary.... after that the auld bowels do seem to start working properly again!..Such a relief.... I have been taking a probiotic and some multivitamins (as well as eating actual food again) and things are now much better in that department!..Hope all goes well next week when you are left to your own devices sounds like you are thinking ahead to set yourself up for success so that's great... The Divvil makes work for Idle Hands remember so plenty of sober activities and distractions (such as posting more on here!) would be far more productive than secretly guzzling Booze all on your tod......We'll all be here cheering you on!..Cheerio for now (I won't drink with you today or next week!)..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
