-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pgcle/eight_months_today/

and lately I've been having more cravings not sure why but I will not let this struggle deter me from my goal of being sober. I saw this quote today "If I quit now I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now." Pease never underestimate what one single post can do for a person. Thank you to all who participate one this sub. I will not drink with you good people today!
----------immediate responses--------

What a wonderful quote--thank you for sharing! And congratulations on eight months!! Such an inspiration!
Love it and btw that Star with the 8 in it looks pretty damn good on you anyways.
Kudos for eight months!    ..Cravings are curious things aren't they?   Making the decision that alcohol was never an option no matter what got me through them.
When I'm stressed out or frustrated my alcoholic brain tries to convince me that drinking would make things better...Anything going on in your life right now?
Hang in there kiddo! And thanks for the quote. I saw it as well and it's a good one. Congrats on the big 8!! I'm not drinking with you.
You are 2/3's through the year!!! Peew pewpew! I can't wait to be where you are.
Congrats on 8 months!  What is the biggest benefit you got from stopping drinking?  Aside from the obvious like no hangover.  I won't drink with you today.
I'm coming up on eight months myself and the last few weeks have been a bit rough as far as cravings and desire to remain sober. Speaking with people in my sober network a lot of people have trouble with months 6-12. I'd venture to guess it has to do with the worst consequences being farther from your mind when you first got sober but you're still not fully comfortable living without alcohol...For me definitely I still feel like this is an aberration rather than a new "normal". I miss the (relative) "good times" a lot more recently and have a lot of worry about "the rest of my life". But the good ole days weren't always good and tomorrow isn't as bad as it seems.
