-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pgpn7/one_year/

A year ago I was very unhappy and not comfortable in my body mentally or physically. I realized alcohol had a huge part in the way I was feeling. I spent a lot of my 20s drinking and now I'm 35. I decided I had enough and it was time to quit drinking. Now officially a year later I can happily say I don't consider myself a drinker anymore. I also quit smoking joined a gym started running and lost & kept off 35 pounds!!..It's been a long long year but worth the struggle! I am proud I did the work mentally and physically to free myself from alcohol. If anyone is curious the books that helped me were This Naked Mind by Annie Grace and The 30 Day Sobriety Solution. I'm much happier with the way I look and more importantly the way I feel. ..This sub has helped me so very much and is probably the most supportive place on the internet so if you are reading this thank you. Let's continue to support each other and if you are struggling please know you are not alone! I won't drink with you today! Time for ice cream!!! ..EDIT: just ate my huge waffle cone of salted caramel with a small scoop of coconut on top. If anyone here is from MN it was from Izzy's   
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I'm excited for when I can say I have a year of sobriety. Wishing you the best :)
Congrats!!!
Congrats!! The important question: what kind of ice cream?? :-)
Make sure you get cherries and sprinkles.  And do a little dance too.  You deserve to feel very proud of yourself!
Congrats on 365! Enjoy your ice cream celebration and keep up the great work!
Congratulations! You go girlfriend!
Congrats on 365!  I'm on day 3 already dreaming of what I'll treat myself to at 365 :)  
Congrats!! I will not drink with you today :)
Congrats! What a great accomplishment!!
Congrats on a year. Once again your post shows no one ever says they regret being sober. Great Job! 
Congrats! The first year was the toughest for me. I've been sober for seven+ years as we sit here today. I look at it like something I just used to do. In those seven years I've found the love of my life and I am on my way obtaining a degree. The best chapters in my life began the day I decided to live a sober life. ..Keep it up!
Thanks for sharing your success.  Congrats on a year!  What is the biggest benefit you've experienced after a year sans the alcohol?  I won't drink with you today.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!!
Stay strong and keep it up! 
Yey!! Congrats!!!
Good for you.  A big well done from me :)
Congrats   
Thank you for the inspiration! I will not drink with you today!
**High^Five for 365+1 /u/s-face!**
Nicely done man. Really inspirational story. Can't wait till I can get there. 
Congrats!! I'm going to be 35 next month and making it a year is a big goal of mine. 
Congratulations on your first Soberversary! You're hard work and personal fulfillment and success are inspiring :) Way to go I'm not drinking with you today!
Major congratulations!
Yay!! Congrats!! Can't wait to be where you are :)
Good news!
Congratulations on all accounts!
Frickin sweeeeet! 
Hey congratulations on your 1 year celebration what Ice cream are you planning on having?
 Important Info
Congrats! Halo Top Salted Caramel cheers :).
Congrats! So amazing!
Im in a similar place in my life. 35 years old. Drank most of my 20s. Got really bad the past 5 years. Ive been seriously trying to stop for the past 2 years. I went 40 days at the longest. Im now 2 days sober. I hope I make it a year like you. Im nervous about it though. I know I cannot drink anymore and I DO NOT want to. But my body and the devil on my shoulder always feels like they know my sobriety won't last. I hate alcohol. 
Congrats that is awesome!
Congratulations right back at you birthday twin!!! :D
Congratulations on a year!!
Congrats what a wonderful accomplishment!
Congrats! I just noticed that it has been also that long for me. High five!
The first year was really tough. I don't count half years but today makes 131/2 for me. Life is good!!! ODAT!!!
Wow! Congrats! You're like a super hero in my eyes!
This was wonderful to read. Congrats to you! Enjoy your ice cream!.
Congrats!
Congrats      ..That's awesome. You should be super proud!! Go have a giant bowl of your favorite ice cream. You deserve it. Keep up the good work. We'll be here to support you when you struggle. 
Congratulations on a year. Major achievement 
So so happy for you !!!!!! I have mentioned the 30 Day Sobriety Solution tons of times - it really helped me what a great kick start !!! I did the action steps during my prime drinking time !!! Anyways I'm glad someone else mentioned it - I never see it recommended and I thought it was awesome !!! This Naked Mind OMG - game changer !!!! Congrats to you - cannot wait to get there !!!! 
Congratulations!!!
Well done Sir   
WooHoo!!!
  
youre amazing!!!!!! always good to reflect on the strides you have made :)
I can't wait to say I've been one year sober and get that beautiful chip! :)
Congrats! We're twins!
Yes. Keep it up! It only gets better.
Congratulations!
Congrats! I'm so happy for you! I can't wait until I get there myself. 
Woohoo! Huge congrats!!
Congratulations a great achievement 
I'm jelly!!! Great work. 
GOOD WORK!!! WOOHOOOOOO!!!! .I wont drink with you today but I will eat ice cream!
!!! congrats!!!!
Congrats that is amazing! I am starting to read Annie Grace's book now and also picked up one by Jason Vale. I really like her book because it is logical black and white for the most part. "You say you drink because xxx but that doesn't make sense because yyy." Things presented like this have a bigger effect on me. 
Congrats! Izzy's is awesome. I won't drink with you but I will totally have a scoop in your honor.
Congratulations that is fantastic!..Here's to day to day life in HD vs the more numb SD version that alcohol brings.
Great work I am on my way.
Good for you congratulations! Keep it up.
Congrats! Way to go! :)
What an inspiration! 
I'm in the early days of the process but I hope I can turn around in a year and celebrate the same milestone! Well done you!
Congratulations :) isnt life just so much better without alcohol?! Im looking forward to saying its been a year. Well done you very inspiring
Strong work right here!
love izzys although I have a Bias for Rita's in Bloomington.
