-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ph46x/i_had_26_days_and_then_relapsed_what_ive_learned/

The longest I've gone without drinking since I could legally drink (8 years ago). Then went on a three day bender from Saturday until this morning. Waking up and drinking for 3 and a half days. I feel like such a failure. I went to a wedding sober enjoyed my birthday sober and was having a really good time. Now I have ruined it for what? I fucking hate feeling like this I just want to cry.
----------immediate responses--------

Unfortunately relapses happen a long the way for most of us and they SUCK we feel shame and regret but you can't let them hold you down too much. Focus on the positives you had 20+ days sober that's better than you have had for a long time!! Use your relapses to help facilitate your sobriety what were the triggers that led you to drinking this time? Try to identify them and then actively work on solutions (it could be as simple as calling a friend who knows you want to be sober) so that  next time that trigger doesn't lead to you drinking. You can do this!
You didn't ruin anything bud cut yourself some slack. That guilt you feel is a good thing. It will help you get back on track. It means you know your life is better without booze. Use it as motivation get up dust yourself off and start again. Honestly for nearly all alcoholics it's unrealistic to think you will never drink again for the rest of your life. People make mistakes. It's the general trend of where you are headed that counts and along the way you will hit bumps. Use it as a learning experience and keep on moving forward. I'll not drink with you today. 
My latest relapse reminded me how bad hangovers and withdrawals are again. I hope I don't forget it this time because I haven't drank since Saturday and I'm still not 100% . Unreal 
I get you hang in there... longest I went was 4 years ago made it over 2 months. I'm going to be 33 in August. Sounds like you're the age I was during my biggest success. The important  thing is that you're back don't lose more time like I did. That being said the important thing isn't what could've been but what could be. We can't go back in time just be thankful that it's not as bad as it could have been for either us.. so long we stay sober that is. Some people never get better I sure hope that doesn't turn out to be me..
