-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pllt9/shower_beer_replacement/

It's finally happened.  I've finally found something to fill the void that shower beers left in my life...One of the things I've been trying to do for the past year or so is identify the rewards I was getting from drinking and find more wholesome ways to replace them.  For instance I drank to feel festive and now I have a ginger beer instead.  I drank to feel relaxed and now I drink chamomile tea instead.  I drank to make myself have fun at parties and now I just leave the parties I don't like and have fun in other ways...But there's been one hole that I have been unable to fill and that's the shower beer.  Something about drinking a beer in the shower before getting ready to go out for the night used to make me feel decadent and energetic in a way that I just couldn't figure out a good substitute for.  I tried hot tea in the bath-- which was certainly awesome but which was more relaxing than energizing.  I tried taking a seltzer into the shower on an otherwise normal day but I just felt kind of lame...But now I've found the right combination.  Cold seltzer in the shower to rehydrate and clean off from a run before getting ready to go out.  The cold seltzer is already my 'decadent' reward for finishing a run and it feels so good to drink cold sparkling water when your body is tired and hot.  Add in the quick turnaround from doing something healthy and badass to getting dolled up to spend time with buds.  Add in chugging a seltzer and not even caring if you spill it all over yourself.  It makes me realize that what I was missing was a quick semi-indulgent transition from doing something active to doing something social.  Running was the missing piece...I feel like there's a possibility that I am the only person who struggled with this exact problem but I'm so happy to have solved it!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I feel like there's a possibility that I am the only person who struggled with this exact problem..I can definitely assure you that you are not and I am glad for you that you've found a suitable replacement! I prefer chugging lime seltzer during my after hockey shower. 
 I've never tried it but I've read that shower oranges are refreshing as hell.
I always go with a meatball sub. 
You aren't the only one with this problem haha. As a runner I might try the seltzer thing. I loved shower beers too..unfortunately mine were usually in the morning and sometimes 2 or 3 hahaha 
I love this story. I certainly had many shower beers but fortunately for me I don't miss them. 
[If you really want to up your shower game...](https://youtu.be/WZwRkY3ecPM)
I put the seltzer in a tall glass with ice and pomegranate juice. Gives me a tiny sugar buzz for getting ready!
I have never heard of a shower beer. My old roommate used to smoke a cigarette in the shower.  He was very tall :)  I won't drink with you today.
