-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pn88m/dealt_with_a_relapsed_boyfriend_last_night/

His vice though is opiates. He has relapsed a few times throughout the relationship and it always comes out on me. Last night was especially hard. ..I just got a new job where I have to get up really early and recently finished chemo so I'm still very tired and need my sleep. I called him out on being high which was of course denied but I figured out he has seriously driven his bank account into the negatives to do so. And he lost it. I laid on the couch as he screamed for 3 hours until 1 in the morning that it was all my fault and he would be fine happy and sober if I wasn't around. I literally never lost my temper I just begged him to please let me sleep to which he screamed "No." He was humiliating to himself. He dismantled our living room because he didn't want me to have access to the TV or computer because they are "his." When he eventually let me fall asleep he kept coming back and waking me again. He called me every name you can think of ... All to deal with shame?..Like shit. This is a clear reminder as to why I don't want to relapse. Feel so much shame I turn into an abusive douche during my "high" only to wake up and feel more shame? Yeaa no thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Jesus... That's awful...Hope you can at least find some peace at being at work if only for a short while and hang on to your sobriety.
Oh man that sucks. Nothing worse than trying to go to work after a night of little to no sleep (besides a hangover).  Glad to hear it was more of a reminder for your own sobriety as opposed to a trigger. Not drinking with you today! 
I'm so sorry for everything you're going through :(. How is your recovery from the chemo going?..Do you plan to stay with him? No one deserves that.
nobody should put up with that...You deserve better!!.
This sounds extremely abusive and I'm worried. Is there maybe somewhere else you can stay?
I'm sorry you had to go through that. I hope the fact that you managed to get through it without drinking is a reminder of how strong yard...If there's a public library near you it might be a good space to spend a little free time on the weekend. I like bringing in my company getting a little work or reading done away from the distractions of home...Keep it up Sobernaut!.I will not drink with you today!!
If you're in a big city the central library will usually have some cool architectural features too. And I meant bring my computer not my company haha.
