-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qao7m/why_do_i_have_to_hate_myself/

...in order to change?  ..I've been having a hard time the last few weeks.  Sometimes I'm gung-ho and I can take on the world. Sober.  And then I'm all "it's fine I'll just have one." And then I'm back into drinking again.  And it doesn't take much for me to wake up with anxiety night sweats and self-loathing.  Part of my constant relapses are already stemming from frustration because my husband doesn't like the way I look anymore (I'm overweight-- I don't like myself either) so it's a "fuck you I'll do what I want" to him and the universe.  You know what else is really fun?  When I say "I'm trying really hard to not drink right now." and he says "Well I was really hoping to go to the brewery for our date."  Thanks for the support..So I woke up this morning after the third day in a row waking up dehydrated and unhappy hoping that maybe this time I will have the wherewithal to do something good for myself and say "Fuck you universe" in another way: to do good for myself in spite of those around me..I'm tired of sucking at life.  I want to be able to stick to my guns and my goals both in sobriety and weight loss; I think the two are inherently linked and if I can just make some headway no one could stop me.  I'm so pissed at myself.  I knew I would be.  So here I am again..Day 1. .I will not drink with you today...tl;dr: I drank for three days.  Self-loathing. Want to get sober again.  ..Edit: tl;dr
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this! You gotta prove it to your husband. Often times we say we are gonna stop drinking and we fail ( for me like 999 billion times) and people don't take us serious at all anymore. What worked for me was just denying drinks and showing people im staying sober. I relapsed not to long ago but my relapses have become shorter ( like 2 day benders at most ) so the progress is very obvious to people. I also lost 50 lbs and women are checking me out again and it feels good ;) hehe. You can do this because I believe in you you're also not alone. Here is to a sober day :-)!
Hey Welcome!..What is your plan for maintaining your sobriety now?
I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
You only fail if you stop trying. I hated myself too. 85lbs overweight stretch marks that I have to live with for the rest of my life failed relationships. I look at it as I've been given this incredible gift now one I feel a lot of people don't get to experience. *I came out the other side*. I don't hate my drinking days now I take them for what they were--an inescapable part of becoming who I am now...You've got this--for yourself. We're here for you even when and if it feels like no one else is. And lastly I dropped 30lbs in a few months JUST from stopping drinking!
You don't have to hate yourself - in fact you shouldn't because the truth is we are all so much more than our alcohol problem. If we all put the same amount of time into praising ourselves as we do loathing ourselves we'd be much more balanced human beings. Dig deep and you will find all that is good in you! Good luck on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today. 
I wish I could re-channel the defiance you feel when your husband is shitty--I 100% understand how drinking works as a reestablishment of personal agency and power but it could almost as easily be redirected into *not* drinking for the same result. Like "Fuck you I'm gonna do something amazing and take all the credit for all my hard work and awesome results and prob not even mention it to you because you haven't demonstrated worthiness to know about the cool shit I'm doing howbowdat."  I know it sounds petty and childish but this is just a temporary mechanism for consolidating your energy and repositioning it...I think keeping your work to yourself is a good way to gather up the power that's been leeching out each time he undermines you too. Make it yours. Make it so precious that it's not to be discussed casually and especially not with anyone who hasn't proven his suitability and capacity for support. Let the defiance protect you rather than hurt you. &lt;3
