-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qs3bj/today_i_am_making_what_feels_like_my_tenth/

Since I started drinking more frequently (about 40 drinks a week on average if I had to guess) I have never made it more than 2 months without drinking. My attempts to get sober usually last a week at most but I have made it over a month at least 3 times in the last 3 years. Every time I have been sober for over a week I noticed improvements in my physical and mental health. ..I want to stop drinking completely. I know I can quit but after coming back to drinking so many times I am discouraged. I have always tried to quit by myself and never looked too hard for outside help. I have never tried to go to any support groups but I have had friends who are supportive for the most part.  However all of my friends drink. None drink as much as me (as far as I know) but some of them do drink almost everyday and binge drink at least once a week. I also started living in a place with 6 housemates about a month ago and all of them drink and it is rare to see a day where there is not some kind of alcohol in house. Some of my housemates even brew beer so I am being offered samples of what they make every once in a while. Although they don't offer me more than a drink it can and has lead me down a slippery slope for binge drinking. I have only told 2 of the people I live with that I want to quit drinking and I going to make an effort to stop. I am nervous about the challenge of being around alcohol so much and having to be able to frequently say no and not participate....My girlfriend is probably my biggest source of support over the last 3 years. She has pressured me to drink once or twice when I have been trying to go sober but it was the first time I had tried to quit since we started dating. I did end up drinking whenever that happened if I recall correctly. After asking her to not do that during future attempts at sobriety she has been respectful and incredibly supportive. Whenever I tell her I'm going to try and get sober she usually says something along the lines of "What can I do to help/be supportive?" I am not afraid of losing her at this moment because of my problem but I am aware that if my drinking gets out of hand she may leave me. I never realized I was bringing her down with my mostly alcoholic-induced depression until she tearfully told me it was hard to watch me struggle. Not wanting to lose her and wanting to enjoy the time I spend with her are two reasons I am motivated to quit drinking...I am discouraged because of my many past failures to quit for good. Sometimes I tell myself I have no willpower and support this with the 'evidence' that I never seem to moderate my drinking. I am also nervous because this is my first attempt to completely stop drinking since moving into this new place where alcohol is more available and sometimes even offered to me. The fact that I have sent myself into a depression (or at least made it more severe) for so long bothers me. I am confident being sober will improve my life. ..I am asking for help. I decided to write this post in hopes that I might find some support on this sub I even created an account to write this post. Thanks to anyone who read this I am open to advice/discussion..
----------immediate responses--------

See a physician state your intentions ask if naltrexone might be of help.
It took more than willpower for me to stop. It sounds like you could use more support. What helped me quit drinking and have the sober happy life I have today was the support I received from many people. A therapist inpatient and outpatient treatment a psychiatrist doctor and the folks in AA gave me the tools I needed to be sober and happy.
u/SOmuch2learn said everything. Today I'm able to hang out and go out but if I was trying to build a foundation for sobriety I wouldn't be able to do it surrounded by alcohol.  
I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
