-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6r2hbi/thanks_for_250_days_sd_a_list_of_benefits_ive/

Thanks SD. It has meant a lot to me to be able to check in with you all for wisdom and inspiration over the last 250 days. Life has thrown me some serious curveballs during this journey but I didn't give in mostly because I am thoroughly convinced at this point that the road back to the hell I was living starts with just 1 sip. I haven't doubted that at any point because I have failed at winning the moderation game (no a battle is what it was) so many times in my life. But I have also received positive reinforcement from the undeniable fact that my life is better in so many ways. On that note here's a list of the benefits I've experienced so far:..I've lost over 32 lbs. That comes out to an average of 2 ounces of weight loss per day. ..I'm running again which I couldn't do anymore before I quit drinking and I think it might have been the inflammatory effects of alcohol that were giving me joint problems that have improved drastically. The weight loss is probably a big factor too. ..The memory problems some of them pretty serious that I used to just attribute to getting older (mid-40s) have subsided to the point where they aren't really a factor anymore. Took about 6 months for that to happen and I didn't expect that it ever would. ..Things are going much better with my SO and my mind is free to enjoy my relationship and be in the moment with her. ..I feel much more hopeful about my future despite some seriously sad things happening in my life....I still have a long way to go and the day-to-day struggle is still real but it's worth it. ..Thanks again SD. It hasn't always been easy but even the hard times have been easier than my average day as a hard drinker. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Improved memory? That's brilliant news. It's not one I'd heard of and thought it was just me. Congratulations on your new life keep on that path my friend ..I will not drink with you today 
This story is so wonderful to hear I'm just over a 100 days in and noticed similar effects especially the weight loss and general better optimism for the future and feeling good. Memory is a lot better as well can't say it's good/great but it's so much clearer than what I was previously. Keep up the great work I will not drink with you today!
Hope is great. Cheers day2 here. No drinks
OK Upchuck you're my inspiration for today.   Thanks for the encouraging post!
Hey. How 'bad' a drinker were you before you stopped (if you don't mind answering). I only ask because I would like to know whether I might see improvements in memory (I'm 30 have a crap memory but wasn't a chronic alcoholic just a heavy binge drinker). 
