-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6r9wau/what_youre_still_on_that_kick/

My work is very booze-focused as a way to defuse from a high stress work environment...It's not unsurprising to see people with beers near 5pm or taking a whiskey break etc...Tonight was the company picnic and a good friend of mine came up to me with an IPA (an old enjoyment) and offered it to me.  I said no man I'm good as I continued to chase my kids around.  He goes with a laugh "What? You're still on that kick?  When are you gonna give that up?"..Harmless.  So very harmless...But I reiterated I was feeling good and kept on walking to go be present with my kids...What if I was at a weak moment?  Or was the sort to easily feel peer pressure?  Every adult had a beer in hand just about tonight.  The non-alcoholic offerings were very much for the kiddos too.  Unintentional but also kind of lame...People who "aren't struggling/aren't addicted/are so functioning fine" (/snark) don't take sobriety seriously enough.  I've finally opened up to my coworkers after nearly two months of trying to operate sober (a few badge resets but so minor in my trajectory up) and I'm done pretending like this is just temporary...This is the rest of my life folks.  Buckle down and enjoy me on a lifelong "kick" of healthy and free.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm buckled in strapped in and ready to roll. No one belives me this is forever. My mum says "when I'm ready to drink again" like I'm taking a bloody sabbatical or something! My ex thinks it's plan weird. My kids are cool with it funnily enough. I'm not making a big deal im calling it a lifestyle choice. But people do seem to think it's temporary. It's not. 
"When are you gonna give that up?"  Maybe about the time I give up brushing my teeth?.I just cracks me up how people seem to want a healthy practice to end.  ..Good job in staying tough.
Love that last bit!..My work is not booze focused but my social life used to be. I hardly ever see my closest friends of 20+ years anymore because their lives are centered around alcohol and drugs.  But I have now become best friends with my future self. And my wife and kids. So much more rewarding...Also I dig your username.
I know what you mean. I went to a get together where the non-alcoholic option was Kool-Aid Jammers with the kids. I'll be bringing La Croix to the next one (or not going). I will join you on a lifelong kick of healthy and free. Congrats on the victory!
"I've decided not to stab myself in the eye with an ice pick any more.".."Really?? When are you going to get off that kick? When are you going to give that up?!"..:-) 
Crabs in a bucket mentality - they want to bring you down to their level. Good on you for saying no!
Great job! I've noticed that people who act like that are totally oblivious to how serious alcoholism (either yours personally or just in general) is. It was a little disconcerting to learn how well I actually *had* hidden my drinking; I really thought people must know and just didn't want to say anything. I drank *so much* that people still thought I should "cut back" just from what they knew about but when I eventually told what I'd actually been doing they were downright horrified. "Oh. Yeah you're probably right to quit then."..Congrats on the current 12 days keep up the good work!
I have had multiple friends say in a confused tone "yeah it's good to take break from drinking.  Maybe just drink on the weekends".  To which I replied "I have quit drinking that means no more drinking at all.  Not even just one."  And then they give me a confused look as their minds try to comprehend what I have just said.
I still get this from some of my 'friends' as well as mini-lectures about how I'm fine and just need to drink in moderation...... yup.  Did I mention I'm 40 and this is the kind of shit I would expect out of a 13 year old?  Also I'm glad to be meeting new people in sobriety.
I realized that people don't mean things out of hatred most the time or spite. They just don't understand and never will. If it was heroine or cocaine they wouldn't just come up and offer it. Since it's alcohol and they never had a problem they don't understand and never will
Solid man hell yes. I'm personally still telling people it's a "100 day challenge" just to keep them off my ass but I still run into people saying dumb stuff. "Why would you DO that to yourself??"..I can relate to an alcohol-focused workplace. ..At my last job it was a real problem for a lot of employees. Some of us occasionally tried to "take a break" or abstain on some days. "Nah I got stuff to do later so I'm not drinking today."..The CEO's retort was so common it became predictable: "Hah what you got a problem? Do you want to talk about it? Haha. Heh."..You're damn right people don't take this stuff seriously enough. Making jokes of other people's struggles is some dick behavior for real. 
Perhaps rather than telling them it's the rest of your life etc. just tell them you're not drinking at the moment. It's probably a lot more tempting to try to get you to drink if you tell someone you will never do it again. If you tell them you are not drinking at the moment it becomes less of a conquest. Just my thoughts.
