-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rg75a/sober_5_years_then_18_month_relapse_this_is_day/

Struggling with this but I did it for five years and know how wonderful it felt. I love this group and the encouragement. 
----------immediate responses--------

You know you can do it! How awesome would 10 years be with only a relatively little bump in the road?? That's very much a possibility :) I'll not be drinking with you tonight *hugs*
Glad your here . Once we know  we know !  Nothing's better than saying goodbye to that misery !  
Hi /u/Grace7891. Welcome back;many don't make it.  I am glad you're here and curious what you did to help you stay sober for 5 years and what happened. What did you forget? 
Dude or dudette!.You might feel low but you should be proud that you've done 5 years! Which means you can do it again and more!.You might've slipped but you still have my respect.
Do you remember how or why you started drinking after 5 years sober?  How long did it take after you started drinking for you to get up to a quantity that you were not happy with?  Thanks for sharing.  Welcome back.  I won't drink with you today.
Sobriety is hard as shit congrats on five wonderful years of it! Soon this 18 month blip will be nothing but a memory. &lt;3
Thanks for sharing that with us.  Its important for me to remember that I'm not invincible against alcohol.  Glad you're here.
welcome back and thanks for sharing! It can be hard to admit that its back to day one so thank you so much for sharing this. Im glad you are here i won't drink with you today!
Have up 11 years and didn't get back for six. Welcome back. Glad you're here. 
Yes welcome back. I will not drink with you tonight. 
I had 10 years and coming out of a 2 year relapse. Let me tell you it's feeling pretty surreal at times...
So glad you're back!! I know how hard it is to start over. I relapsed for one night after 23 and a half months sober. It was a mistake. But I picked up right where I left off and I have another 8 months already. It took a while to not dwell on the relapse but I feel great now! And I'm so proud that I could get back on the wagon!
Welcome back.  Glad you finally made it back.  What now?
So glad you're back.  I had nine months under my belt then went on a two month off and on bender.  It's been difficult for me to get it into my thick skull that this disease just lurks and will always be there ready to go to town right where I left off.  Your situation is a great example to remember that constant vigilance is necessary.  Welcome back on the bus.  I will not be drinking with you today.
Wow! Sorry to hear but glad you're back on the wagon. If I may ask what caused you to relapse? You clearly have will power. 
I'm right there with you we are twins.  I had six years and an year relapse.  We have the clarity of the past to look at so yes we can do this and I'm happy not to drink with you tonight!
