-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rkh5x/my_boyfriend_asked_me_to_make_him_a_drink_and_i/

We always drank together and I decided to quit 11 days ago.  It's a struggle but I'm so much happier in this short time.   
----------immediate responses--------

I would probably have a conversation with someone I was in a relationship with about this kind of request...To me it would come off as insensitive. I don't mind people drinking around me but don't put me in a position where I order drinks for you make you drinks or go and buy you booze. Hopefully through constant communication about what I am trying to achieve would allow my S.O. that the struggle is real.
He can make his own drink!..I wouldn't ask a vegetarian to grill the burgers.
I've found a lot of people just don't think of it because they don't have problems with drinking like I do.  I think (at least for the first time it happens) I see nothing wrong with telling them sure but in the future I would appreciate them not doing [x] because it makes me really uncomfortable.
I would tell him "I'm too busy not drinking to make you a drink" and then let him make his own. That would have been way too much pressure for me on day 10. Congrats on your strength - I will not drink with you today.
What was he doing that wouldn't allow him to do it himself? I've always been too independent to ask somebody to do something like that for me. I mean if you're standing at the fridge I might ask you to bring me a bottle of water but otherwise no.
Screw that. He can make his own damn drink. And I'd have no mixed emotions about saying so to his face. 
I agree with the posters below. I hope your boyfriend can support you in your efforts to quit. Tell him to make his own drink. And congratulations on 10 days! That's huge!! You're doing a great job. I will not drink with you today. 
I totally understand the difficulty here..I am dating; I use to make great drinks and provide a constant flow of tasty beverages for my girlfriends..Now when they come over to my house I'm not offering any alcoholic beverages and they can be a bit unhappy about it..I have had several requests to make them drinks etc..I've thought about having alcoholic beverages on hand to keep the ladies happy but at the same time it seems that I shouldn't be a supplier of a substance that I've decided is not healthy..I no longer show up with a bottle of wine when I've been invited over for dinner nor do I buy drinks in restaurants or bars anymore..I've shifted the burden for others to supply their own alcohol..It has created a bit of an awkward shift in my relationships..But it has resulted in my companions drinking a lot less than before..I think that they are glad to drink less and feel better in the long run..Additionally I think that we are having a higher quality of togetherness that is not clouded with the effects of alcohol..It is making our time together much more real/genuine...
