-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rl5qw/i_miss_scotch_and_everything_about_it/

I've been sober about 4 weeks now. I'm starting to really feel the cracks now. I was a big scotch drinker a bottle every time I could afford one. Growing up my grandfather introduced me to Scotch and taught me to appreciate it. It was like a hobby for me trying and tasting single malts (and finishing bottles of). I loved everything about it researching a new bottle reading about it perusing whisky shops. Now I have nothing to fill that gap coffee and tea just don't do the same for me. I sorely miss it and I'm worries I'll relapse. What do I do?
----------immediate responses--------

It's been a long time since I posted here too my timer is really off.
Hello /u/SunshineInaBag1! I'm glad you're back..I had to learn to change my thinking and behavior. I started by getting a therapist who got me started on the road to recovery. Rehab outpatient and AA taught me how to stop romanticizing my drinking which included Scotch. Early on I found that Tonic with Lime helped as did eating sweets. ..I got help. There was no way I could have stayed sober without it..
I was in a very similar kind of situation.  For me it was VODKA. I loved everything about it researched it loved tasting different kinds and I grew up making it with my father and grandfather so it has the same sentimental grip on me. So I can totally relate.  To be honest I still love to talk about it with people and sometimes even read about it. I just approach it like an artwork or object I am interested in and I have kept my interest in it. I have just stopped my consumption of it.  To use the "motor oil" analogy from This Naked Mind its like I love to research motor oil and find out about different kinds and what I should use in my car etc..etc...doesn't mean I should go pour some motor oil down my throat and poison myself.  I look at booze the same way now.
I changed my perception of alcohol from something I wanted to the truth for me which is it provides me with no benefits and it has no place in my life.   I would not be able to stay quit if I tried to not do something that I wanted to do very badly or tried to learn to live with the desire to drink.  To me that would only feed my mind that I am giving something up that is beneficial and pleasurable and the only thing in the way is me.  I am sure I could string together some days and even weeks or months  but no way I could last for the rest of my life.
Just a thought - AFAIK there is a lot to learn about coffee and tea  
Do you miss scotch because it represented something else? For example maybe scotch represented spending time with your family since that's what you shared together. Maybe it's spending time with family that you really want.
Hmmm.........I was an oenophile...... (fancy wino)..   ..I was invested in the rituals the history the legacy of provinces and noble houses........However the bottom line was:.. *Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I no longer wanted alcohol associated Consequences in my life...I've developed replacement rituals activities and relationships.  It didn't happen in 4 weeks however.  I looked at how long I'd taken to build the wine rituals and decided to give myself 5% of that time...It didn't take that long.  ..The most important thing was for me to hard wire sober patterns and go to meetings.  The rest worked out.
why'd you stop? 
