-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rl5nb/i_messed_up_big_time/

So last week I thought I could have one glass of wine... wait have you all heard this joke before? Oh you have!?.Well I went on a 5 day bender..I ruined my reputation with a place I volunteer at. I almost caused a crash with my car. I mean I really messed up! I could have killed someone..I went to my therapist who works at an addictions clinic and had a meeting with her and the doc and they were very understanding and supporting while my family thought I needed to be committed to some rehab place..The therapist and doc managed to explain to them that relapses can and do occur etc....Since Monday I have been to my therapist and doc everyday. Back on my Antabuse and obviously not drinking but cannot get rid of the shame the guilt the  self hate etc..Haven't slept in days..The anxiety palpitations are awful..Am currently not driving as I have decided to not drive for a few weeks...Before all this happened I had 70 days. Well in two bits... first 45 days and then after I slipped and drank a glass of wine I reset my badge and hade roughly another 30 I think...Anyway I did not play the damn tape forward! .I am so glad I got back onboard but if I had any doubt in my mind that I could moderate I now have my answer!..Sigh... my therapist keeps telling me I cannot change the past and I am taking responsibility and getting back onboard and that is all I can do about what happened but man I feel awful..Thanks for reading!....
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you have the courage to start again that's a big accomplishment...We all slip shit I have been slipping for a long time... this is the longest I have gone and I am confident I will keep my sobriety this time... it just clicked for me. But I run inventory every day on myself thoughts feelings actions activities.... it's all calculated for me...
Sorry that happened but good job getting back to everything you need to do to stop again.  I also do not relive my past because like your therapist said there is nothing I can do about it.  I've learned in my three years since quitting a lot about my mind and how focusing on the past and future is almost always associated with negative emotions.  I try as much as I can to stay present in the moment because that is all I have.
I am still too ashamed of my behavior (looks at flair) 151 days ago to talk to people who were present when it happened.  I am pretty sure I would have slipped by now if not for that guilt.  I don't bathe in it every day but I am kind of glad it's there to remind me of what I am capable of when I drink.  That guy can't come back around the people I care about.  
