-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rm8ei/i_used_a_lot_of_people_for_sex/

....and it kinda messed me up. After getting sober in December 2014 and a one night relapse in November 2016 I think I'm ready to start dating again. When I was drinking a ton all I did was hook up with people. I had no interest in being in a relationship. I was extremely selfish and I just wanted to get drunk all the time! As much as I want to shove it under the rug and not admit it I think that all those one night stands really messed with my heart. I'm a 26 year old woman. I can tell myself all I want "hey I was using HIM for sex! I wasn't being taken advantage of. I got what I wanted." But that's a load of bull shit. Every time I got hammered and slept with someone else a little piece of my heart was chipped away and I was only okay with it because I ignored it for so long. I'm very strong in my sobriety and I'm a lot smarter than I was then! I refuse to be someone who's "broken." If I truly forgive myself for those bad choices I made in the past I WILL be able to move on toward healthy relationships. Don't stay broken. Know your worth respect yourself and one day someone will come around who can help you mend your broken heart. Stay positive you guys. :) and most importantly stay sober one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Great to hear :) Sounds like you are in a great place. Enjoy going out and dating again it is definitely a fun experience without alcohol involved.
Yeah huh i was listening to the big book last night while playing video games it talks so much about this in chapter 5.  Anyhow i think the big book would like you because you are admitting your faults with other humans.  Apparently its a big part of growth and I think you are well in your way into recovery.
I did that too. I had a viscous cycle of self hatred reckless sexual promiscuity and alcoholism. It is a dark lonely place to live. It's odd how lonely you can feel even with your face buried between a strange woman's legs 
Yes i am a man. A 28 year old man who grew tired of living such an empty life 
I'm a woman who grew progressively more promiscuous the longer I drank. I got sober at 26 and my shame regarding my drunken sexual history was huge. I lost my virginity while drinking lost friends over who I'd slept with while drinking etc. It was a vicious cycle and I'm glad to be done with it now. I also am not sure if I was "getting what I wanted" or was taken advantage of. ..I didn't love or respect myself and while I've slept with fewer people that 90% of the guys I know it was too many for me. The biggest casualty in my drinking days was how much it impacted how I felt about myself. Self love and acceptance is one of the hardest issues by far but it sounds like you're doing great! 
