-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rmetz/i_can_moderate_i_swear_reset_my_count_please/

WELL..I am not upset.. it is just a speed bump...I moved to a new area and have an amazing job. Haven't made any friends yet.... was 240 days. ..What did I do? I turned to my oldest friend that hangs out at every gas station in NEW YORK!!!..Guys I have to tell you. I was feeling SO GOOD. I wanted 300 days SO BADLY. I was sober for so long and told myself I could do it. I said "you can have a six pack... even a 12 pack... you kicked the habit." ..So I did. Next day.. I did it again. Then the next. Then the next. ..Last night I bought one 12 pack and one 6 pack of bud light platinum at the gas station. This was at 3pm. I finished them all and was in bed by 9pm. Pack of cigs too. ..Unreal. ..I didn't even realize I relapsed until now. I went almost 2 weeks of drinking (heavily) every night until this morning i realized what I had done. It's unreal how this crap can take over. Unreal. ..I mean how stupid can I be? I KNEW I couldn't moderate. I KNEW if I bought a six pack that first day I would go right back to where I was 252 days ago. I did it anyway. ..Lesson learned.. actually I am kind of glad it happened. Now I know what will happen when I am 200+ days sober and get that stupid thought in my head going "hey you have gone a long time you can have some drinks now"... now I know what will happen. ..Anyway it is just a speed bump and I have to let you guys know what happened so I feel accountable. ..Give me a fresh 1 day please. I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Heck yeah man. Honestly it's refreshing to see posts like these even though they hurt to read but as you said you get to learn from it. Thank you so much for sharing and hey that's still 252 days of not drinking (or around there). That's incredible. Clearly you are succeeding more and more every time you commit to not drinking this time can be your last time quitting ever which is pretty damn cool to think about...Again this is so refreshing to see because while I am going strong right now I hope I have the courage and wherewithal to realize I've relapsed and know that I need to stop again should that ever happen. Posts like these help me realize it's 100% about the effort and not about never drinking again---and while one can't exist without the other it starts with the effort and courage to face your demons yet again only this time with more wisdom and knowledge of how to defeat them. ..:) Much love and congrats on being a badass when it comes to self-awareness. 
I could go for 18 beers! I won't but damned if I don't get that voice telling me I should. Thanks for posting it really does does help to hear. Good luck going forward!
Welcome back!
Been there!  Made it 10.5 months a few year back and thought for sure I could moderate.  NOPE.  Since then there have been periods of weeks or or a month or so but it happens EVERY TIME I drink again. I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!  
Ooh yeah this is familiar. Right down to the pack of cigs gone in a few hours. And I don't even smoke when I'm not drinking! It's nuts...240 days is amazing! You should be proud! And hey you've done it once so you know you've got this. :) Plus next time you're tempted with thoughts of moderation you can look back at this post to remind yourself of what will really happen.
Habits. Oh how we love them...Last night there was free music (jungle/dnb) in my City as there is every first Thursday of the month. ..I thought long and hard about going and I could have done it sober - good music never required booze for me - but I took time out to talk to myself (quite literally) about which signs and triggers I'd have to be vigilant with myself around...But... I was too sleepy. I went to bed instead. 
Welcome back! I work the phones for my local AA group and I hear your story a lot. Keeps me scared from relapsing!
Hey bud your liver at least appreciated the time off. Don't beat yourself up. I'm glad you're back on. I'm glad you made the choice to return. 
You can get back on track. We've all been there. Stay strong and know you have the resolve. 
You got it sir... honestly... you got it.. you are right there.
Funny--I just had those thoughts run through my head the past few days.  Mine took the form of "well you've done so well quitting you can always quit again if you can't moderate".  I'm too stubborn to just accept that I can't moderate.  I've tried before and it always works out exactly the way you describe it.  Starts out with a 6 pack then before you know it my house is a wreck and I'm barely getting out of bed to make it to work feeling like shit all day every day.  Even during those times when "I'll just stick to beer so it won't ever get too bad".  ..Thanks the reminder.  This helped.
240/252 = .95..You're batting 950 (!) on being sober vs drinking over the last 252 days.  Even with the set back it's something to be proud of.  Hey and you even learned more about yourself in the process.  Win.
I will not drink with you today. I am in NY. And I ALMOST .. .bought Bud Light tonight . Holy shit. Your post really speaks to me because I was going to buy beer and cigs. I bought bananas and cookies instead after walking around the store for 15 minutes. A few things happened today including my SO who continues to drink (and is completely hammered as I write this post) all kind of came to a head. Anyway I gave myself a time out. And came here to read posts. This one well. Could have been written by me tomorrow if I had drank tonight. So thank you for posting sorry for your "speed bump". Anyway I will not drink with you tonight. :) 
Yep. Good on ya! 
Ugh feel for u. I can't moderate either. Ok u fell off time to start that climb again. I will not drink with u tonight
I need to read these posts. Thank you for sharing. Funny thing is that I kind of start to fantasize about a relapse and how it'll "be fine I'll just quit again." But then I tell myself that the DUI event I might have or the rage I would experience could have consequences that would never be fine ever again. Thanks for sharing.
I relapsed after a month of not drinking with just a 6 pack  and man I'm not excited to finish the conversations that were started. Best of luck to n9t relapsing any longer and I will not drink with you tomorrow.
I almost did it myself. That little voice is sultry and seductive as fuck... I will not drink with you today! 
great attitude about it just a speed bump. doesnt take away from what you learned during your sober days
You're not the only person who's been in denial or tried to moderate trust me. You're not stupid at all addiction just distorts your thinking and keeps you in the loop...You broke the loop again so you're already technically free. You've got this. 
Hey same happened with me I got to 86 days and thought I could treat myself on my last day of holiday in vegas and had about 12 beers around the pool This was 17th June. Since then I've had a few beers here and there until last week when I went to a festival in Belgium and ended up on a 5 day booze cocaine and ecstasy binge. Came back about a stone lighter ( all muscle loss) and felt like a zombie. I'm just about feeling human again and this is definitely it for me now. Let's smash this being sober malarkey!!
