-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rnok9/cannot_recommend_aa_enough/

It might not be for you but for me it gives me strength when I need it. I was struggling today but now I'm not after my last meeting. Cannot recommend it enough. 
----------immediate responses--------

Seconded. The things I did and the excuses I made to avoid AA during my last attempts were all based on false assumptions.  I'm still new to the program  haven't found a sponsor yet  but every time I feel temptation for a drink a meeting dissolves it.  I'm actually on my way to a brand new meeting now. I just moved across town and am trying out a few new meetings in the area.  To anyone who went to a meeting and hated it  try a few more! I went to 4 different meetings my first week before settling on the first one as my favorite.  I liked them all except for one  and I was grateful that wasn't the first I attended because it likely would have been my last. You've got nothing to lose but an hour of your time. 
AA not only saved my life it also improved it a thousandfold. Pure magic!
I go and don't really talk but like to hear the wisdom.And hope the folks have. I like SD better but I'm younger so maybe that is why
Agree. No way I'd be sober today without AA. I rarely go to meetings anymore but I certainly go immediately when my thinkin gets to stinkin.
What if you don't believe in god? 
I need to do a meeting soon. Not bc I am going to lapse I just need to talk in person w some people who will understand about this sober journey I've been on. Just feeling like I need this at this point. 
Cheers to that! AA buddies!
Worked for me despite my having ALL the issues with it.
Do any of you have a recommendation of websites/apps to use that work great at finding meetings?
I read a comment here a few weeks ago about being atheist and in AA. I wish I knew who wrote it so I could credit them. It was a guy saying that he did not believe in God and never would. His sponsor said "Do you think you are better than me?" The guy said "no of course not." Then the sponsor said "then I am your higher power now go setup the chairs." I thought it was brilliant when I read it and just wanted to share it.
