-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rr73p/stopped_drinking_on_august_5th_2013_id_like_to/

Hello SD...Woke up this morning and saw a notification I set up a while ago that I completely forgot about it....This year I had almost no struggle alcohol related when I stopped drinking I was a mess stuck in the army. I left to finish my high school went into engineering on my own. I'm starting at my first related job in an aerospace company later this month. ..It's been the best 4 years of my life where I've been the most alive and took active measure to be happy...I don't even want to know where I'd be if I kept drinking...Have a great day everyone and if you're struggling keep going and do something different today....Take care.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 4 years!
Outstanding!!
Congrats on 4 years and on your new job! Thanks for the inspiration :).
congrats!
Dang congratulations!!
So awesome! Huge congrats and well done! 
I'm happy for you! :)
This is huge! I'm so happy for you!!! 
"...do something different today."..This is it for me thanks for expressing it in 4 simple words.
Congratulations! That's amazing! 
Congrats!!!
Congrats!!!!!!
Great job!
Congrats!  That's awesome.
Life is better on the other side. So glad for post like these that reaffirm that. You rock.
&gt;  don't even want to know where I'd be if I kept drinking...One thing for sure is you wouldn't have built your cool highly functional small battlestation! LOL not a stalker...Do you mind saying how old you were when you stopped drinking and also if you had any relapses or did you just do it!..No drinking with **you** today that's obvious!
Awesome!!! You got this whipped! 
Congrats!!!
Wow!! Congrats!
What a wonderful success story.  Keep on keeping on.  You are encouraging to all of us.  I won't drink with you today.  Way to go on 4 whole years!
Absolutely brilliant. What an achievement. Is there a certain point in the past 4 years where not drinking got 'easy' for you?
Congrats keep going :) you got this !!!
    HOOAH!!!..
Just arrived in this subreddit and a truly inspiring first post to read - congratulations!
That's an amazing milestone. Congratulations!
That is fantastic congratulations!
I'm so happy for you! What an accomplishment! :) I'm lifting my can of diet coke right now. Cheers to four years! 
Well done! I won't drink with you today. 
Congratulations on 4 years and choosing a different path for yourself! You are an inspiration here's to doing things differently x
Congratulations truly inspiring!!
Great job bud! You are an inspiration to us all!
Huge congrats buddy. Thank you for sharing. 
