-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rtmr2/is_it_ok_to_be_blunt/

I don't want to come across as judgemental. This journey is my own and I'm doing it with your help. I've recently reconnected with my ex husband of nearly 20 years. I want to say it's too hard to be around him when he drinks because I'm very tempted to drink. We drank together our entire marriage. He told me he would support me not drinking. When I go to his place on my day off he apologizes and says I'm just gonna have a couple then go to water. He stayed with me ( I divorced him ) when my drinking was out of control. Now I don't want to drink I don't want to smell it I don't want to have a discussion while he's drinking I don't want to be around alcohol. I feel like I'm being judgemental somewhat cause I've stopped drinking. I don't want to hurt him. He's a functional alcoholic sort of. Is it ok to just tell him I love him and I can't be there even if he just had a few? I thought I could deal with it but I can't. I know we're not docs here I just need opinions from my people here. I'm not drinking today I'm struggling a little with this subject.
----------immediate responses--------

In my opinion you should do whatever works for you and whatever makes you happy. It's entirely your choice if you can't handle it to remove yourself from the situation. 
*"Is it ok to just tell him I love him and I can't be there even if he just had a few?"*..Yes it's more than OK.  If he is willing to help you he will understand (or at least accept that he can't drink when you're around).  If he doesn't understand or refuses to not drink around you then I'm afraid it may be time for you to move on if you really want to stay sober.
Being blunt is probably the very best way to deal with this IMO. What you typed is a very nice way to put it... you've got to look out for you. I would suggest not bringing this up after he's been drinking tho as we all know how logical a drunk person is about drinking problems. ..Good luck! I won't drink with you. 
There's an important distinction between "judgment" and "judgmental"...I judge things all the time.  All humans do...I judge if I "like" or "don't like" something...For example I like broccoli.  I judged it...Billy doesn't like broccoli.  He judged it...This is judgmental:.."I like broccoli.  Billy doesn't like broccoli.  Billy is stupid."..For me I judge things often.  What I practice is not making personal attributions about another person based on what I like and don't like...However I don't enjoy spending time around people who are drinking too much or especially drunk.  That's ME.  Not them.  If I'm free to get up and leave I can leave "judgmental" behind.
Hang tough. Maybe spend sober together time and when he wants to drink you exit-not mad or anything-just away. It's a temporary but immediate solution. Your ex may miss you enough to understand your motivation. To me that would be a good place to begin. No need to torture oneself and be around booze. Good wishes.
&gt; Is it ok to just tell him I love him and I can't be there even if he just had a few? ..**YES** 
It's so important right now to stand up for what we are fighting for . I have a son who takes my drinking lightly . He's 25 and says my beer I drink every night is " light weight" . He doesn't have a clue how it's destructive to my life . So I have to be tough even though I love him dearly . Also his habits of abuse are not acceptable in my presence any longer . If you are judgmental  your judgmental and SOBER !  
It is absolutely OK to put your physical and mental health and your sobriety first.  He is putting himself first by the way. 
