-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rwyya/i_have_hurt_so_many_people/

Im a woman in my early twenties. i'm an alcoholic with generalized anxiety disorder and depression with a history of abuse. this week i relapsed and blacked out on alcohol and benzos and cheated on my boyfriend by having a three way with a stranger and my sister. boyfriend broke up with me and I want to die. i am in college for mathematics but have no goals or dreams or desires. i have a therapist and go to AA meetings so there is potential for recovery but i am afraid of making the same mistakes again. i feel like i am going to keep hurting people and the only way to stop it is to die. i've had periods of sobriety and then relapsed like at least 5 times. is life worth living knowing im capable of such messed up things and should i kill myself to avoid hurting anyone ever again?
----------immediate responses--------

 I'm not very eloquent but I am listening.  I am 42 and on day 7 of sobriety.  Life is long.  Let it be.  Make mistakes and pick yourself up from them and if you make another?  Do it again.  Life is better with you in it. 
((Hugs)) not everyone gets it the first time. Don't beat yourself up. Stick with it and keep coming back
Relapse is very common with mainstream treatment for Alcohol Use Disorder Depressrwyy. It's a limitation of the system it's not your fault. There's really no need to go through relapse after relapse with the options that Medication Assisted Treatment offers. ..About 10% of the world's more than 140 million with AUD ever get any kind of treatment at all. About 10% of *that* 10% are able to control their drinking adequately. That means that only about 1% of the alcoholic population worldwide are able to maintain sobriety. ..You didn't get to be one of that 1%. Not yet anyway. ..There are many options for treatment the trick is finding a medical specialist that can lay out the options for you and help you pick one. Once you're getting the drinking under control the meds for your mental health will work better. ..One option is The Sinclair Method it's one you use while you're still drinking. It worked great for me and I've been drinking under low-risk limits for about a year after the bulk of my treatment. Before treatment I was at over 300 drinks per month...Campral is used for alcoholism too. It takes a couple of weeks to kick in but it stops triggers from making you reach for the bottle. ..Those are a couple of medical treatments there are others yet. Are you working with an addictions psychiatrist at all? 
I always ask myself " would I have done that sober? " The answer is always No. So for me the way to stop making bad decisions is to stop drinking . Sober I have a chance of forgiving myself . I'm tired of being down on myself so I'm fighting for better . It happens a little more everyday . I hope you feel better. Be true to yourself it will get better 
I had a terrible night and felt like you I didn't drink the next day or the day after and then went to an aa meeting and kept going to meetings and not drinking. My girlfriend never took me back and I still have problems like that feeling bummed out but whatever embarrassing regrettable things are so far behind me just a few months later. The people that care about know how it goes. I was doing worse and worse and drinking more and more and my depression was awful but once I stopped putting depressants in my body and acted like I cared about my self it turned around pretty quick especially in the beginning it was leaps and bounds. That first week or two was something I don't want to do again. You sound smart and you can come out of this with an incredible story of recovery and help people like yourself in a way no one else can. It's like we get to have 2 lives and is really a blessing. Glad you posted here to get some things off your chest. 
The hardest part for me being sober was the fact that I had to come to terms with what a horrible person I had become. It's not easy and for that reason I kept relapsing and the cycle continued. Once I finally broke the streak life got a billion times better. At my worst I carved a cross into my arm with a knife and slit my wrists multiple times and now I'd never even think about wanting to die. The scars remain as a nice reminder of why I can't drink ( turn negative things into positive) and life is especially beautiful. Killing yourself is not a solution to anything  it's the most horrible thing a person can do. Not only do you provide a lifetime of misery for yourself but then also for all those who love you. You just gotta take it one day at a time it gets better but you gotta stay strong
thank you everyone for everything you have said. the fact that you guys can accept me for what i have done and still see me as a worthy human being makes me think i will be able to feel that way too one day. i went to an AA meeting today and i am sober today. 
