-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ryi10/3_months_with_unexpected_bennys/

I have to say it was bumpy at first after I quit. I got a really bad sinus infection at exactly the same time that went on for nearly 3 weeks so I didn't get to experience my true hangover-free days until after that. Then I went through a social life crisis that I posted about a month ago that I thought might plague me. But it didn't. The positives are really starting to come through in ways I didn't expect. For one I don't even care to go to bars anymore and I've come to the conclusion that I never really did. I can't stand night clubs with the drunken horny pushy people. I think I drank so much in my 20's just to tolerate it and make believe I belonged there. I can't stand those places anymore and feel a freedom in acknowledging it's just not who I am. .I bought a mountain bike and am becoming more and more competent and it feels wonderful to use my body. I was stuck at doing 5.10's at the rock gym for over a year and in the past 3 months got up to doing 5.11+'s (only on dihedrals and only in the gym but still!). I used to only do about 4 routes and my partner and I would head straight for our "reward" at the bar and now we're doing at least 7 and my reward is a slim muscular body. .My partner and I used to eat antacids EVERY day and when we quit it took us a full month to realise we hadn't eaten ANY since we quit. I still haven't after 3 months. We thought it was the restaurant food we ate. Nope..I still get moody sometimes but I think that's just who I am and need to work on that for myself instead of being able to blame it all on alcohol like I used to..Anyhow I just want to reiterate to people who struggle with quitting that giving it time and self reflection helps. .I'm at a point where alcohol terrifies me still and the idea of having to reset my quit date makes me scared for myself. Not hanging out with friends who drink has helped a lot with that. I need to make some friends who don't drink at all. It amazes me how many outdoorsy people drink so much. It annoys me how alcohol is so prominent in media. At the same time I believe I'll get more and more aware of alcohol free lifestyles. I've burned so many years but I guess it's time to let that go. Oh yeah I also lost 15 lbs!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this!  This sounded exactly like me 30 days ago before I quit.  I now have more energy don't get angry at the family and started lifting again.  Oh and worked 1/2 day on my farm yesterday without sweating that was incredible.  I too was eating antacids like candy I do not have to any longer. My blood pressure went from 160/100 to 117/75 on a daily average.  I am slowly getting stronger and have more endurance I am 38yo male.
Awesome!
Congrats on being down 15lbs!  That rocks.  It's nice you are rocking up the face with a muscular body.  Go you!!!!!!!!!  I won't drink with you today.
