-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rzdue/i_recently_realized_that_i_am_living_in_fear_of/

I am going on a trip to Europe for two weeks soon and the other day I was talking to a friend about how I'm worried about the drinking culture and something happening that causes me to drink. ..I also just got back from a work trip a few week ago where I had the exact same worries before that trip. I started thinking about it and since I've been sober I've constantly been worried about drinking. ..Every single event that comes up in life I worry about. I also worry about something major in life happening and if it would cause me to drink. I said to my friend something along the lines of "not only can I not drink like a normal person but I also get to live in fear of relapsing". ..How the heck do I make this feeling go away. I don't want to let the fear hold me back from living life. I'm also not going out to bars or putting myself in risky situations but I still want to live life. This world is surrounded with alcohol and staying in the safety of my house is obviously not an option. ..I'm seriously terrified of relapsing. I literally live in fear of any potential situation arising that could cause me to drink. I'm a fine employee have never had anything but positive feedback but I live in fear of getting fired and that causing me to drink. ..I'm going to Europe next week and even though 0% of my plans involve anything drinking related it's something I'm constantly worrying about. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello /u/SDstrawburry. Good to hear from you! I had this fear/worry for quite awhile. In time however and with help I learned to trust that I would protect my sobriety no matter what. ..&gt; I literally live in fear of any potential situation arising that could cause me to drink...No situation can cause me to drink because when I am sober I have the ability to choose. I have made the decision also that alcohol is NEVER an option. ..What helped me was having a therapist and going to AA meetings. Meetings are in Europe!!..Terry Gorski has done great research on relapse. I have found his work very helpful. Here's a list to peruse:...* .http://nextsteptherapy.ie/addiction/relapse-prevention/37-warning-signs-relapse/.* .https://terrygorski.com/2012/04/17/does-relapse-mean-treatment-failure/
That's a tough one SDstrawburry. There is a medication called Naltrexone it would tend to terminate or limit a relapse. Some that feel they're about to relapse have used it and found they got control of their drinking pretty quickly. It would be best to test it out at home first to see if there would be any side effects that would affect your vacation though so I don't know if you have enough time to put it in place for this vacation. It's possible that just having the Naltrexone at hand might give you the confidence you need to put your mind at rest even though you never have any cause to use it. Also some people never get any side effects from starting Naltrexone but unless you can get an appointment with your doctor in pretty short order it may not do you any good for this trip...There's a couple of ways to use it too. The Sinclair Method uses it one hour before drinking. I started TSM while I was drinking (quite a bit) and over 6 months it cut my drinking by more than 95%. ..You can also take it every day while not drinking that's the way it's typically prescribed and it works to kill the craving for alcohol. It's long-term track record is kind of spotty when used this way but it works well for some people...There's also Acamprosate which blocks the triggers that would normally have you reaching for the bottle but it takes a couple of weeks to kick in and it does make some people gassy for a while. ..Those are a couple of ideas you could discuss with your doctors perhaps they will have some other ideas?..BTW benzos are a commonly prescribed anti-anxiety med but if you slip and drink on them they can accelerate alcohol consumption. You can probably find some stories here where people crossed the two. .. 
I personally feel that my fear of relapsing is like the fear I feel when I .imagine entering the lion's cage at the zoo. It is a healthy fear that keeps me from unlatching the door of the cage or taking the cap off the vodka bottle. Having these fears keeps me safe.
These are all new experiences you are having because you are sober.  A little bit of fear is healthy so long as you are committed to staying sober I don't think you will have a relapse.  You will learn with every new experience.  You can do this and as u/somuchtolearn says there are plenty of meetings in Europe.  :)  
