-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6s1xbg/a_gift_of_sobriety_physical_fitness/

This week I biked over 100 miles in the course of 3 rides in 5 days. When I finished my last ride I sat in my car and cried. I was so overwhelmed with happiness and gratitude. Three years ago I was at the tail end of a 10 year struggle with alcohol addiction and depression. I had just gotten out of an abusive marriage and was trying to drink myself into an early grave. I was overweight unhealthy and deeply depressed. As a kid I was sickly and not athletic at all and once I began drinking I became sicker and weaker. In my wildest dreams I would never have believed that I was capable of biking 15 miles much less 100. Sobriety has given me the gift of physical fitness something that I thought was not even possible for me. I am so grateful to be alive and well enough today to push myself further than I ever thought possible. I just wanted to share my personal victory with y'all and let anyone struggling with the decision to get sober or the first few months know that it is the best decision I have ever made in my life and it will be the best decision you ever make...https://imgur.com/gallery/tkFSk..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome! Love this 
[removed]
That big smile says it all! Well done you and thanks for inspiring us all  - I won't drink with you today! :&gt;)&gt;..Woody
That is so awesome! What was your strategy to exercising more? I'm trying to recapture my glory days.
Amazing I'm happy for you.  I too have accomplished things now that I could not have while drinking.  My addicted mind easily resigned any hopes or dreams that did not mesh well with my current state at the time.  Fitness "wasn't in the cards for me" and I knew without a doubt I would never achieve it. The saddest part though is that I was actually at peace with that!  Ready to give up anything for the drink.  I'm on my way to fitness and and have more muscle than I've ever had.
Love it. I'm with you...no drinking = a better/healthier life for sure..Congrats and bike on!
And you ride a Cannondale which we all know is the best bike out there!  No really congrats.  When I'm active in my alcoholism my fitness and exercise goes out the window.  It's the miles on the bike or in the pool that are the honest hours of my life and the real lasting happiness.  I sleep better I eat better and I'm a better human beings to everybody from my spouse to the annoying fellow employee.  Thanks for your smile.  It brightened my day.  
Congratulations!  Your are my idol
Wonderful! 
You go! Isn't it amazing! I have so much more motivation to go run and bike when I'm not drinking. It's almost a high in a way that's so much better than booze! It sure is a great thing at no cost. Keep it up. 
This makes me so happy. I'm a retired cycle courier and if I thought I was fast before boy was I fucking wrong. I can do things and better my times on rides and climbs that I had no fucking idea I could come close to. Bikes beat booze! Now I'm almost throwing up over my bars for a whole different reason!! Keep at it I'm fucking proud of you and will ride bikes with you. And also not drink!
You look soooooooooo happy!!!!..And this makes me happy too!!!!..Love this!!!!
Thanks for sharing.  WTG on biking the big miles.  You look great.  I won't drink with you today.
Brilliant! Inspiring story! Well done!  
Inspiring
Very well put and congratulations - I feel the same way.
You look fantastic! congrats!
You look amazing! Congratulations!
"A Picture is with a thousand word". Thank you for sharing and inspiring. 
You are such an inspiration! Great job. You look soooo happy!
So inspiring! Congratulations and keep kickin' ass! 
Everytime this comes up I'd like to remind folks in early recovery who actually gained weight like I did that that's okay and you can tackle it later. Sobriety first.
that is fantastic I am certainly not drinking today after your story.  The ability and desire to be physically active and healthy is my favorite thing about sobriety.  Thanks for your post..
Very inspiring. Happy joyous and best of all- FREE!..I'm very happy for you!
Happy for you! Keep up the great work. Exercise high &gt; boozy drunk. 
Great post...inspiring!  I'm working on fitness as well.
Way to go!!! I think being more active is a happy side affect of not drinking. I am walking almost everyday at least 5km. I even started jogging a bit of it. It's amazing what can happen when you don't have that nagging voice tempting you. 
Congratulations. Nothing beats the high from exercise. 
I love this!  I was a cyclist in college and a little after before beginning to drink with earnest. I picked it back up after getting sober and it has become a huge part of my life again. Even five years in I am still in awe on Saturday mornings that my alarm wakes me up at 530 to go riding for hours instead of being awakened by a raging hangover and piles of regret. ..Ride on!
Good on you! Woo hoo! Thank you for the dose of inspiration I needed today :-)
Congratulations :)
Fitness has been huge for me. I've lost a lot of weight since quitting drinking and I just enjoy being active now. Great work!
Congratulations and thank you so much for sharing your story.  You are inspirational and give me hope that this beast really can be beat.  I won't drink with you today!
Cannondale makes a smart lookin' whip. Congratulations!
yes! huge smiles! sweet bike too! i'm waiting for mine to get out of the shop then i'll be back in the saddle too!
Congrats!! Can't wait to be where you are :)
Congrats!! As others have noted your smile says it all! I'm just getting back into working out  and it's amazing how different it is when you're sober. We love cycling too. Cheers!!
Beautiful!Thank you!
Congratulations! Physical fitness is one of my main motivators as well!
 Very inspiring! Thank you for your story! 100 miles is amazing!
This makes me so happy. Congratulations.
Way to go. Fellow Cyclist here (Fixed gear)..I'm slowly working my way up to where you're at...I won't drink with you today..
Go Cannondale!  Have a Synapse in my stable of bikes and love it. Did my first Century this year and getting ready to do my second.  Could never have done it with my old habits.  Sober is good.  Keep up the good work. 
That's a cool location you decided to take a picture of reminds me of Myst the game...or a random location in this other game called Fallout. You've inspired me to take myself on a ride and to go on more adventures. You seem happy and that's great. Stay hydrated!
Amazing!!  I love those moments where your cup flows over with gratitude it makes all of it worth it.  Congratulations to you friend!  Today I wont drink with you!
Yay! That's so amazing congrats! Hard to do cardio when you're all hung over and dehydrated!
I'm trying to get in shape and lose weight by shape I mean not as round get to running 3 miles a day again. I'm up to 1.7 miles every morning. It is going ok but still hard for me. 
