-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sagsb/really_lonely_would_anyone_like_to_tell_me_whats/

My best friend went to sleep for the night so dont really know who else to talk to. Sad because I'm only 4 days sober after a horrible relapse and my boyfriend broke up with me. I dont know if im gonna be able to sleep tonight. I hope this pain diminishes soon. Tell me your fears. Tell me what youre greatful for. Tell me the hardest or best part of sobriety. Tell me about your friends or pets. Just talk if youre lonely too.
----------immediate responses--------

I wish I could stop drinking. Keep it up
Well it was a bit of an emotional day for me. I had a very slack weekend- I was low on energy and mildly depressed. I didn't do much. Normally I clean the house workout laundry etc. I mostly just laid on the couch and watched movies. ..I was finally starting to feel better today and then I get a weird text from a guy whom we broke up 6 weeks ago. We haven't spoken since. He said this is the first time he's felt well enough to reach out to me. He basically texted me to tell me what a piece of shit I am. I sat at my desk and cried. I mean neither of us was great to each other. He has substance abuse issues as do I obviously and that is ultimately why I ended the relationship. We were toxic together. It was hard and I loved him and still do. But I love myself more. I took full responsibility for my actions in our relationship but he isn't able to see his part. It sucks because I am not a shitty person. ..Now I am making spicy chicken breasts fresh corn on the cob and baby potatoes for dinner. Oh and I biked 13km to work today. ..Not drinking with you tonight! 
Today was rough but I made it. Drinking hot tea and watching that 70s show on Netflix. Anxious a little down frustrated but not drinking. Tomorrow is another day. 
Hey I'm sorry to hear that you're having such a tough time! A relapse and a breakup all at once is hard to deal with I've been there too. I hit pause with my boyfriend a few days ago after he pulled some stupid stuff on me...For tonight I'm pretty much just trying to focus on my next set of career goals. I want to go back to school in 2018 so I'm giving myself one more year to work and get my finances sorted so that there's less pressure to work when I go back. I'm also researching a bunch of nutritional websites to see if I can truly manage to survive on a plant based diet which I want to start next month. So lots of stuff going on I'm just trying to keep myself buried in projects so that I don't have to think about anything upsetting that might lead to a relapse...Have you considered picking up a few books to take your mind off things? Sometimes it's nice to get lost in someone else's world until you feel comfortable dealing with your own.
Hey I am only at day 6 but feel pretty good. Yesterday was a challenge.  Was real happy I didn't drink. My hardest time during the week  is right after work. Sorry about your relapse and break up I was sober for 333 days last year. Drank at a wedding and now I am having trouble going long term again. I keep at it though. Four days sober is awesome. Keep going!
the worst part about dating a musician is when you break up you wont be able to get his songs out of your head haha. right now a song about loneliness that he wrote is swarming through my head and its pretty painful 
I'm scared everything may be predetermined we actually have no control over anything and we're all just here along for the ride. Maybe that's not so... It really does seem at the very least I'm controlling myself but sometimes I feel like I'm just the one watching like I'm following some character in a story but I also get to be their story at the same time. Hell of a ride this life. I'm grateful that whatever this ride is it's amazing unpredictable beautiful awe-inspiring literally the greatest thing ever. Love feeling love is incomparable to anything it seems to me to be the highest point we can go and anytime it comes my way strong I love the love so much I'll start tearing up and just float in the infinite love of the universe riding the wave as long as I can...The best part of sobriety for me has been pulling my head out of my ass and doing away with constantly worrying about things that don't matter. Now I've started to go down a spiritual path and my mind is clear to contemplate what life is what death is what the universe is what is God/Infinity what am I what really is the here and now and other things that just make me happy to think about. Being able to not think and just observe is very good too. 
I relapsed last week. been drunk the past 9 days. I don't remember much of the week. I lost my glasses passed out in a field one day. I lost my phone passed out in the parking lot of a convenience store another day. I lost my wallet passed out in another parking lot of a supermarket on another day. I did get all my items back though. all intact. today I'm not drinking. day 1
You should join us in the chat room 24/7 there are people in there to hang out with. 
My relapse I've put so much work into doing deluded me into thinking I could drink again; failed. Pretty sure I was going to die from it this time but I got through 24+ hours of convulsions and muscle spasms severe hallucinations again. ..This is what normal people go though for fun right? Fuck. I suck. Can't even make it 30 days sober been homeless a month ago can't afford phone my life has been a steady stream of a mess. I really wish I could of just passed away from a fucking seizure or some shit. Sick and tired of trying to quit and failing; also tired of staying sober because everything is just so fucking boring.
Hey I was never a heavy drinker I stop drinking month ago and I'm so grateful I made that decision...Fianc  and I went to our yearly camping event last weekend some people there respect my decision some wish they could do the same too some obviously wants me to drink... ..At times I felt lonely but I just find other things to do like... Read a book go swimming at the lake get food and get a tan. And these peeps just non stop drinking they probably had about 25-30 beers a day. And night these guys would just scream at the camp site I was just thinking to myself I will never ever come to this event going forward and my fianc  said the same thing he said he had enough he drank 11 beer that day and felt awful threw up at least 3 times and in the morning he felt so gross...Side note: Fianc  and I were voted for the fittest couple within the group. I think stop drinking will even take our fitness goal further!  . .Good luck
congrats on 4 days! You're doing well considering the circumstances. I hope you start to feel a bit better soon x
A friend died yesterday and I felt very far away from...everything. I didn't want to know how he died because I already kind of know. They all die of drugs or alcohol of slow suicide. ..But when I think of him I see his face and his dark curls and I think--he died of being unable to change. That is what they all died of.  It's the saddest thing in the world so sad I don't know how to grieve it. I will not drink with you today.
"Died of being unable to change."  That's a heavy thought. Thanks for putting it in writing. 
