-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sdmsf/i_relapsed_hard_please_help_me_out_it_say_some/

I'm lying in bed with hardly any memory of anything since Thursday. Any kind thoughts would be really helpful.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time. You will feel like shit today but likely better tomorrow. Blacking out for that long sucks I know the feeling. Keep in mind that drinking is a tiny blimp on the radar in your life. You do not have to experience this again if you make a choice to put the work in. Hope you feel better soon!
I just did the same. I'll start over with you today!
I am sending kind thoughts your way. And I'm glad you're alive and here with us. I will not drink with you today! ..
I'm with you today too.  My first day back in a long time.  Hang in there my friend  I will not drink with you today or tonight.
[removed]
Sorry to hear that.  Try not to beat yourself up.  I've been there so many times.  Not giving up is key.  Get yourself a big burrito and a coke :)  Glad you are still here.
It is a fact that you can feel better soon.  Put the hard mental work in until then. Divide these next few days into stages and label them appropriately then work through them one at a time.  This is just another lesson to learn from.  Keep your head up***
The fact that you are joining us is a positive. :) 
It's only 4 days since my relapse and I'm feeling better already. I know things probably feel dark right now but the light will come back. Hang in there I'm not drinking with you.
I read your post from Thursday as well. It seems as though you've been broken open. As someone else below noted I'm glad you're still alive and here too. &lt;3
Relapses are frustrating but you can do this. Thin how great you felt sober. You got this. ..I will not drink with you today.
I would try to find some support IRL.  Best wishes
I relapsed 2 days ago acted like a drunken fool and hurt my leg. Don't beat yourself up. I will not be drinking with you today
I'n glad you are here. Don't beat yourself up - learn from your mistake. You had 34 days practicing sobriety. Learn the trigger that caused you to pick up and try and avoid it next time. Wishing you success on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
I'm in the same boat as you! I feel horrible as well. Came here to look for some positive messages. Here's to seeing the light again because it's pretty dark right now. 
Glad you are alive you can make it through this I know the horrible feelings physically and mentally I've been there myself many times.You will make it!
Hang in the there.. I'm on day two but yesterday was brutal.  My anxiety was through the roof...feelings of guilt/regret/impending doom/etc..  One thing that did help somewhat was drinking TONS of water... like even if I wasn't thirsty I kept drinking water... After an epic binge our bodies are so dehydrated nothing can function properly... by the afternoon I felt my mood change for the better...  I had to work though so that sucked...   Today I feel a little better... but I have been here before and for me shit doesn't really improve until like day 6...  why do we doe this to ourselves!! ugh.. .just know you are not alone...
About our pets I do worry that if my pet were sick and I was drunk and couldn't get him to an animal ER and he didn't make it... I couldn't handle that .  He was ill and I wasn't drunk and took him to the animal ER they saw him did an MRI gave some meds and he was fine.  Sobering thoughts really...So your dog and my cat will not drink with us today and neither will you and I.
I did that relapse thing 22 days ago. Seems like a distant memory to me now honestly.  I'm sure you will feel the same in no time.  Just keep on keeping on.
I believe in you!
