-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sdzlp/advice_for_a_serial_relapser/

I can go up to a week sometimes but its usually just a couple of days and I'm back to hitting a bottle of bottom shelf again. Its made even worse because I can't smoke pot (which always helps kill the alcohol cravings) as I am looking for a new job...Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Staying sober without help was impossible for me. I had no clue how to do it. A therapist and AA made the difference.
I went to rehab IOP then many many AA meetings.  Good luck!
If you drive maybe look into being an Uber driver in your spare time.
This sub AA and never picking up that first drink is what works for me. Also when I get cravings I play the tape forward an it always ends ugly and keeps me from drinking. Wishing you success on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
I made shortcuts in my thinking. When I was calmly and soberly thinking I would reason out why drinking was bad because when I wanted to drink if I hit the part where I had to reason with myself I knew I was already going to convince myself to drink. Then I would say "well 2 days ago when you were clearheaded you reasoned out and stated categorically 'drinking is in no circumstances better for me than not drinking' just trust yourself and trust how rational you were then. The emotions you are feeling are fleeting but that principle will be the same". This sort of appeal to prereasoned immutable principles takes the ambiguity out of it that always led me to backslide. Having to do the problem and find the value of x(drinking is bad) while part of my brain was actively trying to sabotage the process was super bad for me. So I found the value of x when I was calm and could just restate it as a maxim when struggling; stopping the bargaining/ reasoning before it began. It also helped me in trusting myself a lot more and building confidence in my own abilities towards self control. Don't know if this will help anyone else but best of luck! 
Therapistpsychiatrist AA a great sponsor. Point being if you are serious throw everything at it you can.   I have been sober seven years and am amazed how great my life is.
Well little steps are fine.  Don't think relapse is failure just part of the journey.  I see successes measured a hundred different ways.   I just know my experience and I love my life. Alcohol drug gambling sick relationships are all not part of my life now and I work every day on recovery.
