-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6se5i4/the_best_time_is_now/

I had four beautiful sober months under my belt last year Aug - Dec after endless years of full-on hard drinking.  Then I decided to have a little xmas drink which was fine (not). A few days later my dad had a stroke which was the beginning of a landslide harsh series of very stressful  events. Not surprisingly my booze intake crept up quickly and soon I was back and getting drunk every night. The stress has gone up and up including grave illness a death in the family a strained wedding family crap very difficult moves fear for safety  ongoing high tension with the spouse fierce work pressures sandwich generation joy on and on and on. I have struggled daily to get through another day without booze. Failing every night. Feeling horrible about it anxious sad pathetic. But I kept coming back here. I can't stress that enough. I kept coming back. And if you're reading this then you are here too.  I am finally on Day 9 and it feels more than great. Even though I had already I ditched the idea that there would come a time that it would be easier to to stop and realized it was never going to come I struggled.  Even knowing that using situation X or reason Y to rationalize that day of booze intake was a complete sham a lie a joke on  me didn't stop me.  What I did do was KEEP TRYING. Over and over and over.  Well I'm finally here and it is SO GOOD to be on Day 9. All the shit is still going on and I'm dealing with it. Sober. Thank you all. Thanks for the kabillion badge resets. I guess I'm hoping my post will help someone who is on the other side make it through their wave again. You CAN do it today. I am not drinking with you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kabillion!! That's me! All year resetting every 3 days or even 2 . So glad they let me reset and not kick me out! Honesty is the most important thing in this journey so it is what it is and I keep trying and one of these times it will stick! Congratulations on day 9. I will not be drinking today or tonight!
Congratulations on your strength friend. For picking yourself up day after day and showing up. You rock!
You are definitely not alone! I've had to start over so many times. It's the getting back up that matters. We are all here fighting with you! Not drinking with you today.
Congratulations! I can't wait until I'm at Day 9. Thank you for your post!
Thank you.
Yep!.Resetting is my middle name!.But we got this!.I will not drink with you today!!!.  
Ok! I'm with ya!
