-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6shnik/my_reflections_after_one_year_without_alcohol/

First of all thank you each and every one of you that contribute to this sub. ..A year ago I broke down in our driveway and finally told my wife how I had felt for a while. "All I've been thinking about lately is drinking." ..Every. Day...I would get excited about it. I would race home from work thinking "Man I really want a beer." That one beer would inevitably lead to the next then the next. At first it was just with friends. Then it was every weekend. Then every day. Then I couldn't stop thinking about it. It allowed me to check out and not feel guilty about it. I wasn't present. I was't present for my wife my daughter anyone. Alcohol enabled me to be a lazy introvert that cared for nothing more than that next drink. ..My recovery started with the book 'The Power of Habit'. It changed my life. Shortly after reading it I found this sub and quietly lurked for a year. Nearly everything I read was relatable. Good days bad days replaying the past over and over again. It was so difficult to move forward. All the lost time with my family the regret the poor choices and so on...Looking back the advice I found on this sub got me through some of the toughest days. Whenever I needed a lift all I had to do was open this sub and read. So much positivity and reenforcement to make the choice not to drink. Every day one day at a time...I think there are two things that resonate most. My ability to now remember everything I say think and do as well as being an active participant in my family's lives as well as my own. There were many nights I just checked out said something did something and had no recollection of it happening the next day. Now I rarely struggle to remember anything. What I had for dinner what we did last week etc...The second is what resonates the most. Being present for my family. Not going to bed early. Waking up late or sleeping the weekend away. Enjoying every evening with my daughter. Engaging learning and playing with her. Having real actual family time fun. ..When I walked in the door from work today my wife's first words to me were "Happy Anniversary!". It totally caught me off guard. I thought I was the only one thinking about the significance of todays date. One year. One full year without alcohol. ..She surprised me with two magnetic collar stays engraved with "I'm so proud of you." on one and "I love you whole bunches!" on the other. Through good times and bad though thick and thin she has always been there for me. This time to witness me completely remove my head from my behind...So again thank you to each and every one of you. I never verbalized it until now but I don't think I could have accomplished this without you...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Nicely done.
Moved me to tears. Congratulations on a year! And on a beautiful partnership.  
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!!
this is huge congrats
Congratulations! I can so relate to the checking out. I did that too.
Congratulations
Awesome buddy!!.Sounds like you've made some positive changes and your family have noticed!:)
Congrats! And I will not drink with you today!
Congrats brother 
Lazy introvert - I have never thought of it that way. It's the exact phrase to describe why I drink. Thank you for helping me see that's what I've been doing.
Love it!
Congratulations!! So awesome.
This is amazing and inspiring for a Day 1er. I can't wait for my memory to improve! ..Great job sir. I will not drink with you today. 
awesome.  good for you.
Inspiring! Congratulations 
Brilliant! That was deeply moving to read. Ive never thought of fuzing lazy and introvert as a character flaw but yes...wow I'm still working on that one. To many more for you!!
Congratulations    
Really happy for you and your family 
Inspiring!  Thank you and congrats!
Congratulations on your first soberversary what a lovely heartfelt post! Thanks for sharing   
Way to go. Looking to join you in 334 days! Now go spend some time with your little family ;)
Beautiful. Many congratulations. 
You have so much to be proud of. I am definitely going to check out that book you mentioned!  Congratulations!
What an inspiring post bro. Congratulations. 
Those two things are the best things...Way to go!
Congratulations! I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations  I bet your wife is so proud of you Great post...so inspiring   
Congrats.  I think the not remembering was the part of drinking I liked the least. Good job thanks for sharing. 
Awesome post. Thanks!
Congrats!  
Congratulations...looking forward to that day myself. Well done!!
Beautiful!  Congrats!
Thanks for sharing your success story.  Sounds like your wife is a real gem.  I won't drink with you today.
Congratulations!
Congrats!! I have not heard of "The Power of Habit" before; definitely need to read it!
Congratulations! I'm on Day One and this post gave me something very real to look forward to...I will not drink with you today!
