-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sldut/sobriety_gets_you_through_the_tough_times/

When I quit drinking I thought that getting sober would be the toughest thing on my plate. I didn't know how I would manage it - or manage my life without alcohol.  ..But in the past ten months I have left a job which was killing me - and I had a lot of guilt and sadness about quitting. It brought up my childhood abandonment issues (I was a teacher) and forced me to confront trauma in my past. ..In the past ten months my dad was re-diagnosed with cancer. I spent two months with him living in an unfamiliar town taking care of my grandmother and watching my dad die. My life was totally off track and my dad died without ever making amends to me about how his alcoholism affected my childhood. ..In the past ten months I have struggled to put together a collection of poetry for publication. I never knew I could follow my dreams. I never knew that the risk of failure was less important than the pursuit of happiness. ..My sobriety has been the rock upon which my life is built. I couldn't have gotten through these challenges if I had still been drinking. I would have stayed in a rotten job missed time with my family ignored my emotional needs put aside my artistic aspirations. I would be less if I had continued drinking. ..My thoughts about alcohol were totally wrong. Those drinks at the end of the day weren't helping me get through unhappiness - they made the unhappiness so much worse. So I just wanted to say - sobriety is worth it. You never know what you can do unless you commit each day to living with honesty integrity kindness and sobriety. We can do this together SD! 
----------immediate responses--------

This is absolute truth. Sobriety is my rock when things go bad. I used to think that drinking made me feel better but in the long run I made stupid choices and it was only temporary I was faced with those feelings and more when I was sober. Congratulations on confronting the trauma in your past. This is no small feat. For me it's been a lifelong journey but it's been absolutely worth it.
I needed this. Thanks. 
Great post. Very inspiring.
I love this post. Thank you! 
This is so inspiring.  I remember your early posts and you truly sound so much better than before.  I am so happy you could find some measure of peace and find that life is truly better when you're living it sober as opposed to getting through it drinking.  This made my day.  Congratulations on your 320 days and I won't drink with you today!
Fantastic post. One that I might return to in the future days when I need a little pep talk. Great job on your daily successes. ..I will not drink with you today! 
" I never knew that the risk of failure was less important than the pursuit of happiness."  I love this.  Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.
Thank you ladyb. This is an inspiring post. You have weathered so much and held on to your sobriety. Great work.
All my thoughts about alcohol were wrong too. I'm convinced most of society is really unaware of what alcohol does and does not do for/to their life. ..It's a con. It takes but doesn't give. I'm happy to be free and I'm happy you're doing so well without it. I am too. ..I won't drink w you today 
Wow such an emotional and touching post.  Thanks for sharing your perspective I never really thought of it this way but it's true.  Sobriety has given me the confidence and disipline to get through other things.  No matter how hard the day is at the end I can be proud that I am still sober and channel that strength. 
Yours is the best post I've read since starting my sobriety. Thank you 
I totally know what you mean - especially in regards to work. I would not have the amazing job I have today had I not gone sober. I can see that so much more clearly now. Hindsight is 20/20 tho...
"I never knew that the risk of failure was less important than the pursuit of happiness."..That put a lump in my throat
Inspiring post. Thank you.
I love this message--thank you
Your post is keeping my head above the water.
Thank you for sharing this. I am happy for the reminder that no matter how much I may have self-medicated with alcohol in the past life's adversities are much easier to face without it. &lt;3 I will not drink with you today.
What a wonderful post. I know a woman who was recently diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's and she talks about how grateful she is to have gotten sober years ago because it prepared her for this.  Sobriety prepares you for life.
Yes! It blinds us when we're under its influence but after some sober time I was able to see things differently. Everything is easier sober. Everything isn't sunshine and lollipops but that doesn't get better with a bottle. I'm starting to enjoy a normal thought process and the anxiety doesn't ruin everything anymore. 
This post hit home. I too lost a job that I was unhappy with and am caring for a terminally ill Mom (though she is still here thank goodness). And writing a novel! Weird how sobriety does get us through things and also helps us take care of ourselves. 
