-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sobwf/thinking_of_going_to_my_1st_mtg_tomorrow/

...I'm 33 and have never been to a meeting before. I have struggled for almost 20 years with alcohol but I am high-achieving and habitual -- not binger. So AA has always been something I've been able to talk myself out of. ..The idea of going to a meeting freaks me out. Speaking to a group of strangers scares me. I'm scared of seeing someone I know. Of crying in public.....But I think it is time to really give this a try. I won't drink tonight... For the first time in months. ..Any advice for getting over 'first time meeting anxiety'?..Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't be scared! Just go and tell them you're new. You don't have to talk if you don't want to. And keep in mind most meetings have different feels so if you don't like it you can try another until you find one that you do like!..The first one is very scary but the great thing about it is that it's a room filled with people who understand. We're all just a bunch of alcoholics and addicts and we understand each other...I'm not going to drink tonight with you!
Go towards the anxiety :)..I have found people in general at AA to be most welcoming-- everyone is there for the same reason. And if you don't want to say anything or even introduce yourself you don't have to.
I HATE talking in a group of people. I just pass every time. What I do do though is I volunteer to read one of the things that are read at each meeting. Therefore I feel like I am participating in that way.  I like to listen.  I am a listener by nature anyway.  Nobody will ever pressure you to speak. 
Everyone there has had to open that door for the first time.
The anxiety lessened for me and I think it was important to get out of my comfort zone. If you change nothing...then you get the same results. Now I've been going to meetings at different clubs and I've gained more confidence walking in to a room of strangers by myself. I am always glad I went afterwards. Glad you're here and let us know how it goes!
You don't have to talk at all.  Or you could introduce yourself and say you're just there to listen.  
When I don't feel like talking to a bunch of people i find one person I do feel like talking to.  Usually I introduce myself and tell that random person I don't want to be there.  We both laugh. ..I like "go towards the anxiety" too...get inside it's reach so it can't connect with your chin...Not drinking with you today
They have all been there before and probably at least once a week if not multiple times see the same type of person that you describe yourself as...You do not have to talk and if they ask you you can tell them that you would prefer just to listen for that meeting...I had a hard time admitting to others I was an alcoholic even though everybody else there was. It's so silly looking back on it. That was several years ago and I just recently started going again at the same age that you are...It is okay for you to feel nervous awkward and or anxious. It's new uncharted territory for you. Everyone there has realized that they needed help unless they are just there off of a court order or someone made them go. Some may have had an easier than you and some may have had it way harder. Being around people that understand and accept can do wonders. You may not find the perfect meeting on your first venture as meetings can vary based on who is there the style of meeting and other factors. You may need to shop around to find groups that you feel the most comfortable with or even meeting types...We are here for you and if you have any questions or concerns please follow up.
Be prepared maybe even practice saying something like "Hi I'm [name] and I'm here to listen thank you."..I have been to meetings where a group of folks wrote down their phone numbers for me too and encouraged me to call if I needed anything. That was nice. ..It's perfectly okay for you to beeline out the door at the end as well if you want. ..I was afraid of seeing someone I knew too. But you know what? they're not going to judge or gossip. ..Also: *There is no shame whatsoever in going to an AA meeting. There is no shame in struggling with drinking too much and desiring to stop.*..I look forward to your report!
