-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sorfr/please_let_this_be_my_rock_bottom/

I thought perhaps sharing a bit of my story would help me sort of some of my emotions. Maybe gain a little bit of feedback or support through this subreddit.  ..I'm 27 years old and I've been drinking since the age of 15. I really don't even know where to start with this story or what the most important pieces are. I was raised in a family of heavy drinkers with my fathers side of the family having genetic predisposition to alcoholism. ..I started dating this girl six years ago and we've partied together consistently over the years. All of our current/former friends have been heavy drinkers and more recently (past three years) in to cocaine and MDMA. Being surrounded by these people and these influences only made my problem grow. I used to post to r/scotch or r/bourbon writing tastings and telling myself that it was a hobby and I was using it as an outlet for my writing. ..Somewhere in the last two years me and said girl got engaged and thats when things really started going downhill. My blackouts became worse and my drunken behaviour escalated. I started losing friends because of the things I would say or do when I drank. My fiancee would make excuses as to why it was their fault we weren't friends anymore enabling my behaviour without even knowing it. Slowly my relationship started to sour and I didn't even realize it had begun to happen. Within the last year we both admitted to having cheated on the other person. My fiancee realized that I needed help from my drinking and gave me multiple ultimatums to choose her or the booze. I went to AA and would last at most a couple months at a time before I relapsed. ..In March of this year she approached me and asked if I would be comfortable with an open relationship. We embarked on seeing other people and allowing others in to our sex life. The stress caused by this scenario further aggravated my drinking problem. Now I had multiple other women with which I could go out and drink with. This lead to me neglecting my primary relationship but she had long since checked out.  ..In April she kicked me out of the house for a week by May we barely slept in the same bed anymore. We foolishly moved to a new apartment together in July. We never worked on solving any of our problems and the whole thing just turned in to a fire storm. We had created a toxic environment in our household. Both of us became physically and mentally ill. ..Despite all of this we never slowed down. She started inviting friends over during the week to drink throughout July we were having threesomes with random people co-workers you name it. Doing absolutely nothing healthy to save the relationship. Times when she did ask me to stay home and stop drinking she would go out and do drugs with one of the guys she had been seeing.  ..Two weeks ago we were at the bar and I blacked out her and I got in an argument that ended with me pushing her off a barstool. She told me the following day that we would be separating and that I needed to be out of the apartment by Sept 1st. I will be moving back across the province to live with my parents while I start my new career (currently unemployed)...Currently I have been alone at the apartment while she is vacationing on the west coast. I tried to use this as my time to be sober but I keep failing. Last night I said fuck it and broke my 6 day sobriety streak by going to the bar where I would run in to a guy who brought me to a underground gang hideout filled with criminals and drugs. I spent the better portion of my night doing cocaine with these people people I would never associate with under any other circumstances.  ..My ex-fiancee messaged me from her vacation today and told me that she couldn't be happier with her decision to leave me and is excited about what her life holds. She is concerned that I haven't hit my rock bottom and that I still have further to fall...I'm very upset over the pain I've caused her over the past few years but it would seem at this point there is no hope of repairing the situation. She told me "If you work on yourself perhaps we can come back together in the future". I'm having a difficult time not holding on to that notion.  ..My physical and mental health have deteriorated to a point I can barely get myself out of bed. I'm scared that this disease is going to take everything from me. And I truly hope this is my rock bottom. I never want to put another partner through what I put my fiancee through. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds rough buddy sorry to hear it...But you are on day 6 like me!..Yay I'm not going to drink with you today..
The bottom was when I stopped digging. ..I am sorry alcoholism is tearing you up but that's what it does. I needed help because I had no clue how to stay sober on my own. I started by getting a therapist. Then came detox rehab outpatient and AA. ..I hope you find the support you need and deserve. 
Whoa.  That is *quite* a story although I don't think it's at all a surprise or shock to many of us here.  You sound like you're in a toxic environment and relationship.  If it were me I might be tempted to pack up shop and make the move you were planning to make at the end of the month right now.  Or can you get yourself into a rehab?  I'm really sorry you're going through this madness but I do know that you have the power to stop it from continuing by making the choice to stop drinking and  drugging.  It's your rock bottom if you call it as such.  Please keep us updated.  
The good news is that you don't have to keep feeling this way.  As others have pointed out - rock bottom is when you stop digging. I also could not quit on my own and almost to the letter followed u/Somuch2learn 's path to sobriety.  I continue with AA and therapy to remain sober.  I hope you find your path to sobriety and freedom from this horrible obsession with alcohol. .
Sounds like you've already connected all the dots about drinking and drugs and where it has led you.  Now you need help...As shitty as you feel the good news is that body and mind are amazingly resilient.  But you have to put your sobriety first - above everything.  Above any notions of a future with your ex above "friends" - above everything...Please get help.  You are not alone in your situation.  As of today that whole toxic cycle can be *over* if you _choose_ for it to be so.
