-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ssf4s/struggling/

What I've noticed is it's a lot harder for me to stay off the drink when things are going well for me. Anyone else the same? I'm struggling a little at the moment. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have found that I think "Oh wow. I am so glad I am not drinking these days" when things are rough. Sometimes when things are good it's a little easier to forget why we stopped drinking in the first place...Something that helped me was writing a pros/cons list of quitting drinking. My pros of quitting was so0o long whereas my cons list was that I'd miss the taste and it could be a little awkward letting people know I am stopping. It was a helpful exercise for the times when I was tempted. I refer back to that list from time to time.
Yes I understand.  I start feeling healthy and strong.  And I notice other healthy strong accomplished people.  They seem to be able to have it all and drink a bit too.  I start thinking I could do that.  .But it doesn't end that way for me.  .The last time I indulged that idea I had been sober for 12 months.  For the first three to four months back drinking I did pretty well.  Drank only in the evening and only wine.  However I immediately lost my edge.  My enjoyment of morning hours disappeared.  My workouts quickly became about maintaining and not achieving..Fast forward another 12 months and a good day was not having a screwdriver in the morning before going to work..For me moderation doesn't work. And even if it did it doesn't feel as good as sobriety for me.  Hang in there.
[removed]
YES. Same here. I love drinking when I feel good when I'm happy etc. even more than when I'm sad. It's a paradox because I feel so good after not drinking for a while things start looking up.. and that's when I want to drink the most...But when I play the tape forward I know how the story ends. So I won't drink with you today.
I find feeling good and an amazing sunny summer day is one of the biggest problems I face. Weird that I always thought that I drank when I was stressed or miserable but feeling good tends to be the strongest and hardest time to not take a drink. I won't anymore because it ruins that amazing beautiful mood and day as well as many others that follow. I have basically ruined almost whole summers with my drinking. I feel great today at day 10 it is a beautiful summer day and I am not going to drink and appreciate it to its fullest! You got this Neptune - lots more good days for us coming!
Feeling good is also a trigger for me. It's like I feel I should reward myself. To counter that I remember what a shitty sloppy person I am while drunk. Drunk me is a complete loser. 
