-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sux54/sober_girl_living_in_an_intoxicated_world/

Last weekend I went to a beach party my DJ friends were hosting. Not all but some of the people in this crew seem to arrive with a "let's get f*cked up" intention and this included me for a long time. I felt the need to uphold my Eastern European reputation as the type of"VODKA FOR BREAKFAST" party girl. After setting the intention not to drink alcohol and planning out what I WAS going to have as refreshing hydration(La Croix of course) here's what happened... ..1. I felt eyes on me.. eyes that clearly wondered why I wasn't holding a beer/mixed drink in my hand. NO I am not pregnant! In fact my bloated drinking belly has died down! .2. Favorite response: "Come back to me when you want to be fun again..." WOW I know he was kidding.. but that made me feel like an outsider. He later opened up to me about his own struggle. I felt a stronger desire to stay sober at that moment. .3. I had genuine conversations with many of my friends. Now I can follow up on what we talked about the next time I see them. (Like a movie recommendation that I actually watched that same day!).4. It felt like this was the first summer day I actually enjoyed meaning it was super relaxing and I found myself appreciating so many moments.. (kite flying listening to great music taking creative photography...) .5. My favorite person on earth was proud of me. We were walking to the train when he complimented me on how strong I was and how very proud he was of me. That means the world to me now. .
----------immediate responses--------

Most of those people at the parties are secretly admiring that you can do this!
Man sounds like a rough environment to stay sober in. Congrats on not caving and making it through! 
Great job. That took strength. I will not drink with you today.
Letting your inhibitions go while totally sober is a pretty amazing experience. I recently went to a wedding and my wife and I danced like we were back in college.
Yeah the last time I quit and relapsed I got comments like "I see you decided you liked having fun again" and stuff like that. I would just laugh it off but actually wanted to say "no shithead I got weak and gave into my addiction". People never saw the problem drinker in me because I would go home after parties and drink until passing out. I did my heavy drinking alone 99% of the time.
You have some resolve! That must have been difficult. 
I think you'll find in time that parties like that may not be as appealing when sober. Good for you though! It's definitely a better way of life at least in my experience. 
#3 is a great feeling. Being clearheaded enough to not only remember things to do/look up but also having the motivation to do them. While drunk I'd get so excited about a movie to watch or a song to write the next day but then couldn't be assed to do anything because I'd feel like absolute shit.
Good job!.I'm going to a "friends weekend" next weekend and it will be alcohol fueled I'm sure..I actually am looking forward to being there sober for the first time!.Thanks for the encouraging story..I will not drink with you today!
What a beautiful story. So glad you enjoyed yourself. The good news is that generally after a few weeks people stop eyeing you and asking questions. Hang in there! And consider journaling to remind yourself of the good things that have come to you through sobriety.
  . * *    She took the midnight train going anywhere   . * *   : .Sorry had to.
I always find breakfast tastes amazing the next day after attending a serious party and getting through sober.  Perhaps because I remember all the times I just wanted to puke if I saw food the next day! :)
I've never experienced and judgement of any kind when having a coke vs. beer in my hand...If it does bother you though just have whatever you want poured into a mixed glass. Like sometimes I'll get my coke in a tumbler or my Red Bull in a tall glass or tumbler too.
Reading this has helped me avoid drinking tonight. If you can get through that i can get through Friday! I'm so happy for you that you got to have someone close to you feel proud of you. There's nothing better! 
