-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t5a7g/almost_relapsed_tonight/

On my 16 month soberversary. But I didn't. The ideas have crept for a few months. To be honest I'm still unsure where I stand...I just moved to a new country started an amazing school and made a bunch of new friends none of which I told about me not drinking. Of course I did that intentionally usually I've been very upfront about it. ..Everyone wanted to go and have drink in a park after the first school week. So off we go to the liquor store and I start picking some beers. I felt like an alien absolutely uncomfortable. I'm just being indecisive and awkward until I overhear one of my classmates saying how it was ironic how much he knows about beer brewery since he doesn't drink. ..I just woke up. Panicked. It's OK to say that ! Why didn't I?  I know why ofc... I just really snapped. Returned the beers bought some lemonade and an icecream chilled at the park shared my "secret" with said classmate felt relieved went dancing had an amazing time. ..And now I'm in bed tired and happy with a slight headache just so relieved I won't be hungover tomorrow. ..Wanted to share and to let it out there..<3
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're ok tonight. We're not always responsible for our thoughts. It's our actions that count. You didn't give in to the temptation. 
Very inspiring to me. Thanks for sharing. 
I'm glad you emerged victorious!  I will join you in not not drinking. :)
Which country did you move to?
I'm not sure if it sounds like you were actually tempted more that you just didn't know how to behave how you wanted to. But now you have the experience and you can steer future behaviour in the direction you want and not just the flow of the crowd. Well done.
That reminds me of that little trick I've tried to pull with myself on several occasions. The change of scenery new job new town/city/country new group of friends new girlfriend etc is a clean slate for my life I can comfortably drink now and everything will be ok. ..It will be different this time because everything else around me is different. I only have a drinking problem around THOSE people not THESE people. ..All lies. At least for me. ..Excellent job sticking to your guns tonight and being true to yourself. I don't know you but I'm proud of you. 
Love you. Honesty keeps us sober and so does gratefulness. You have both. Keep connecting. 
I'm so proud of you!!!  
I have been that Zombie picking out beers after months of sobriety except I always lost. Just reading your story was terrifying except for the part where you won! Good for you. Lets not drink again today!
