-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t5gow/moving_out_of_sober_living_advice_for_concerned/

Hi everyone..My name is whaledum and I'm an alcoholic. (pause)..I went to detox and a 30 day treatment in January of this year for alcohol and xanax.  I completed the program and moved into a sober living house.  I've been living here since the beginning of February and am just shy of 8 months sobriety. It's a really structured program where we are required to be working a program completing steps attending 5 meetings a week physical exercise counseling and working on what they call process addictions (gambling internet porn sex codependency etc) and getting at the roots of what led us to addiction. This is in addition to the accountability and random drug tests in the house...Background - I graduated college at 24 and had been living with my dad (in active addiction) while my stepdad renovated a 1200 sq ft rent house with the idea I would live there and pay the mortgage payment when it was fixed up. I worked in the financial services field and lost my job due to alcohol and drugs. Getting out of treatment my first job was working in a restaurant kitchen @ $9/hr but have since gotten back into my career...I'm currently considering if it's time to move out of the sober living house. I'm asking for advice because my mom is worried about being on my own and my recovery. She knows I have a sponsor i speak with every or every other day meet with weekly been working steps attend meetings etc. but always becomes very apprehensive when I bring up moving out of the house. She has told me she's been going to al-anon meetings but she still seems extremely co-dependent? I can understand some of her fear she provides a place for me to rent I relapse she feels complicit but I feel like I am doing what I am supposed to do. ..I've spoken to my sponsor about it and I would love to hear some input from others especially if those have gone through a similar situation...tl;dr: 26 year old wanting to move out of sober living house and family is worried loss of the structure and accountability looking for advice on reassurance
----------immediate responses--------

Do you feel like you are ready?
Why not talk to the counselors in the program you are involved with about it? Correct me if I'm wrong but you can't live there forever. If you feel it's time and you have a plan in place then maybe it is. Also your mom is probably always going to be concerned about you because she's your mom but you shouldn't let her fears dictate your life. Congratulations on your sobriety and continued success. 
I have a very similar story to you. I too went to rehab in January then lived in sober living until sometime in August only this was 2015 and I was 29 not 26. Been doing the deal ever since. ..The only thing you can do is be totally honest with yourself about why you want to move out and whether or not your sobriety is ready for that. I don't know you but to me it sounds like you are doing the deal much like I was at the time. When I moved out I leaned pretty heavily on my sponsor on meetings and on friends in the program. You are right to be concerned about leaving the structure and accountability but that doesn't mean you shouldn't do it. Just be aware that going to meetings and working a program because your living situation dictates that you must is different from doing so because you want it for yourself. I know a lot of people who moved out stopped doing whatever it was that was keeping them sober and relapsed. It is rather easy to stay sober in a sober living situation you can do so even if you really aren't motivated. When you move out your motivation is what matters. If you are willing to push yourself to set good habits the first few weeks you are on your own I say go for it. Whatever habits you set in the first month or so of living in a new place are likely to stick. If you are thinking that you're going to move out and stop doing what you've been doing you might want to rethink. ..As far as convincing your parents aside from sitting down and telling them that you think you are ready and that you are going to continue doing what it is that you have been doing (is that your plan?) there isn't much else to say. ..Good luck and let me know if I can help in any other way. 
I haven't gone through your situation but I wanted to take the time to congratulate you on your 8 months sobriety. That's quite an accomplishment!
My honest advice is 90 meetings 90 days.  I think you will be immediately tested your brains gonna try to trick you my brain would be telling me finally I deserve to have a day to drink and then 9 months later I would be like dangit. That's why I think 90 meetings in 90 days would be good to show yourself that you can do this and that you are committed.
