-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t61hj/proud_of_you/

Whether youre struggling or you've made it through another day sober. I'm proud of you. I love you. You are beautiful. You are smart. You are amazing. You are worth this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you. So are you! You amazing ray of sunshine you! I will not drink with you today. 
Backtya! 
You too internet friend.
Why on earth would that move me so much. Maybe because I needed to hear it. Thank you stranger. Iwndwyt.
Thank you sarahjack so are you.
I'm proud of you! And I'm happy for you that you've decided to be your best self and live your best life :)
Thanks :)
Happy to be here proud of you too!
Thank you.
Always good to hear. Stick at it. You're worth it. 
9 days
Thank you so much! 
Great job on two weeks!  Proud of you!
IWNTWYT :)
A great way to start my day thank you.  Right back at you!
Proud of you too! Didn't drink last night slept like a baby. Lets not drink together today! 
Hey. Proud of YOU. 
Doesn't feel like it but what do I know?  I'll take your word for it.
Thank you for posting this. You are amazing. I'm proud of you.
Thank you.  I am proud of you too.  2 weeks is nothing to be shy of.  Keep it up!
Yep we are all pretty frickin awesome!
I will not drink with you today!..i am new around here and found this sub a few weeks ago after struggling for awhile. the genuine kindness i see here is inspiring.  glad to be here with you all!!
Thank you same to you
Thank you- sometimes I need to hear this. I feel the same way about you and everyone else here 
Absolutely. Thank you for saying this.  I wonder why it took me 25 years of my adult life to realize I am worth fighting for.   And I wonder why so many people even older still don't realize this.  But I feel so blessed that I made that realization.  From here on I know my life has meaning because I care about myself and I am living like I know I am worth caring for.  Love you too! and love everyone here.
Thank you so much! Today was a surprisingly rough day since i had to "break up" with a long-time best friend so i kept coming back to this post. May your kindness come back to you multiplied by ten! :)
 I'm on day 10. Feeling great. We can do this! Together! 
Thank you.  I needed this tonight. 
