-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t6jgz/relapse_after_1_month/

So I went on a work trip with some colleagues and didn't think much about the situations around alcohol. Forgot I was with a bunch of beer geeks who would hit the brewery for lunch on Day 1 and hadn't really prepared myself for saying no.....So I panicked and ordered a beer. Then when dinner came around I figured "well today's already shot" and ordered another. Then at the airport on the way home the next day I figured "well I'm out of town." So that's 3 beers after my one month mark...But it is what it is and it doesn't diminish what I've accomplished nor does it change what I want. I don't want to be where I was and I know that I put myself on that road. But I have the choice to step off of it and that's what I'm doing...Not drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

In the last 33 days you only drank on one of them. That's pretty impressive man good job. Glad to see you wont let this derail you. 
If you wanna get real specific with the dictionary what you did was slip not relapse.  Don't be like me and let that slip turn into a full blown relapse.
If I relapsed like that I'd be proud of the restraint I had in only having three beers over the course of three nights. It's a bump in the road to an otherwise clear path. You acknowledged your misstep and you're here which means you're in the process of getting back on your path. Congratulations on a month here's to countless more going forward.  
That's tough. But I suppose it's a learning curve.  My colleague went on about going to drink after work yesterday evening. Showing me pictures of her drinking in different bars and restaurants. Describing her favourite wines. I felt such a looser that I couldn't go out and have just one drink. But I can't and that conversation made me feel deprived.  So plan; no alcohol conversations with people who love drinking  Today I Will not drink with you all 
So you buckled under some peer pressure and yea you did what we all do lol.  Well I've already broke sobriety so let hammer some more.  Why do we all think like this lol....Don't count this as a failure.  Sure you drank but now you have an action plan for next time....Maybe invent some white lies about NOT being able to drink anymore due to health concerns.  It's ok to lie to others at first if.You need to and want to avoid making a proclamation of not drinking.  Get some blood work done and see your numbers.
