-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t98q4/relapsed_again/

I've been pretty good overall the last few months. A few weeks ago I grabbed a six pack and split it with my SO. Ok no big deal I was just really missing a cold beer in the heat of summer. 2 beers Friday night one in Saturday and I was ok. A week later a six pack turns into a 12 pack that was gone in a day. Then it was into the rum this is where the trouble starts.  .It's been a week. I've drank every day I haven't worked I'm miserable. I'm super angry with myself for falling in this rut. I can feel the depression permeate me and I'm tired of putting myself back together just to come apart again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed lots of help to stay sober. ..What are you planning to do differently? Like you I couldn't moderate. ..&gt; If nothing changes;.&gt; .&gt; Nothing changes.
That first "moderate" no big deal drink got me right back where I started...every single time. Eventually I got sick of doing research and decided to take more active steps to maintain sobriety.  For me that was a serious yoga and meditation practice along with Refuge Recovery meetings. Best wishes.
Glad you're here!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
i have fallen into very similar ruts in the past. i got knocked down hundreds of times. i relapsed again and again for years. but i kept getting back up.  you got this.  just get back up and try again... every failure is a learning opportunity. you got this!
Yup been there too. Only it took me over half a year to try again. And this time I am trying new and different things. I realized that I might not have put in enough mental healing work last time to thrive in sobriety... this time I am doing many things to try and get my head straight. I did loads of selfhypnosis https://youtu.be/zM5ynnc7f4o and meditations. Read this naked mind by Annie grace and started reading the 30 day sobriety solution. And I am watching loads of "truth about alcohol" documentaries on YouTube. All this helps me see alcohol for the poison it really is. Before I have always still really romanticized alcohol and drinking so that's a great change for me. I think each of us needs to try and find their own path to sobriety. What works for one might not work for others. .Fall 80 times and get up 81 right? .I will not drink with you tonight. 
Very cool. I'll look into it
