-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t9qr5/need_to_get_this_out/

I have been in and out of this sub for almost 2 years now. Mostly lurking. I knew in my early 20's that I have a drinking problem. Never tried to really address it. I am 31 now and I don't recall any significant amount of time in my 20's that I was sober for. I would have a black out night and would decide not to drink for a sometime. But would eventually be at the same place again...Got married at age of 28 and had a lovely child last year. At time of birth of my child I  took sometime off from work to help my wife and baby settle in. But instead of helping I was more busy day drinking. Hiding my liquor from my wife and trying to act normal. It's hard to hide that you're drunk when you pass out in the middle of the day. ..My wife has had enough of my lousy ass. I keep promising her not to drink but within couple of weeks I would be asking for her to forgive me again. ..This past weekend I started my morning by beginning to drink at 5am. Wife and baby were asleep so i snuck out to garage and gulped quarter of my hidden bottle of Jagermeister. Who has time to pour things. By noon i had  finished the rest of the 750ml bottle. I passed out in middle of conversation with my wife. Woke up next morning on sofa chair with little recollection of what I have done. I got up and went to work hungover. Head still pounding. Could still taste Jager in my mouth. Survived the day on Gatorade and 5 hour energy drinks. At the end of the work day I didn't wanted to go home as I knew she has either left me or would have her bags packed. I get home and she is still there. Baby is happy to see me. I couldn't control myself and broke down at the door. I cried and begged her to forgive me for what I had done. She didn't speak to me for next two days. Why would she. ..I have been a lousy husband to her and a crappy father to my child. I can't keep on f***ing this relationship up. Only reason she is with me because she doesn't want to separate me from my child. I am asshole. I want to be better person but I don't trust myself. I have tried AA this sub and therapy; but somehow after couple of weeks of being sober  I convince myself that I got my alcoholism under control. Only to realize that i got shit under control. I don't know how to stay on path of soberierty. ..I had my last drink on Aug 7th. I am not going to drink today. I don't plan to drink again. But I don't trust myself. Something needs to change or I will keep chasing my tail. I will keep hurting people that are close to me. I am trying to frequent this sub daily; Morning check-in seems to be helping. Most importantly the part with "Consciously deciding not to drink today". I can not just try not drink; I need to consciously decide not drink ..I want to thank you all who post their thoughts and struggles daily in this sub. It's been really helpful. ..Sorry for wall of text but I had to get this out...Edit - spelling error.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here. 
Glad you're here!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Keep up the good work since the 7th! For what it's worth I say repeated failures does not mean success isn't right around the corner for you. Don't lose hope my man. I will not drink with you today.
I too am in the same boat as you! I would do something that I would regret so much and tell myself I am not going to drink again. As soon as those feelings of regret ad lousiness would go away I would tell myself I won't do it again. It affected my job relationships family friends finance everything! I would hide my drinking from everyone thinking that I could try to get away with only to do something once again. This was a vicious cycle for me. What helps me get through my day is knowing that I cannot drink in moderation. I cannot just have one or two drinks and call it a night. I would have to finish whatever I have in my liquor cabinet only to be the first person in line at the liquor store the next day. I am quitting drinking for myself first and foremost but also because I want to be able to be there for my loved ones. Reading other's stories on SD is inspiring as well. You got this!! Good luck on your journey! I will not drink with you today! :)
Earlier today I read a post on here that said this: "Addiction is the only prison where the locks are on the inside." Wow. How powerful is that? You can set yourself free. And that's what you're doing every day that you decide you won't take a drink. I will not drink with you today.
Until I got a sponsor I just kept relapsing -- did a bunch of other stuff too but main thing was support when I needed it and "stop drinking" type audio books so my thinking couldn't fool me yet again. It's an addiction not your fault and you're not a bad person. But do something different. It will stick eventually! Thanks for sharing this.
Good job staying sober 5 days !  Kids grow up fast . You don't wanna miss a thing . You can do it .
I'm a husband and father of two wonderful kids. I have a stable marriage and good relationship with my kids. I take care of them. I read to them. They know I love them and they are thriving. ..But like you alcohol is something that changes me and not for the better. ..I am giving up drinking because if I don't regardless of the years of good parenting I've put in the only time I'll see my kids will be every other weekend. I'll live in another house and eventually another man will be the father in their house--in my place. Another man could walk my daughter down the aisle when she gets married. ..I could be the world's best dad but lose everything if I keep doing what I've been doing. .
So glad you're here! It's a great place to be. Take it one moment one day at a time. This isn't a race but a journey back to all we have been missing because of alcohol. ..Also when I feel tempted I think about what will happen if I go back on my decision to not drink this day. Play the tape forward. Is that where you want to be? I personally do not want to feel like that ever again. Ever. ..Be patient. Be kind. Be honest. Stay strong! You can do this!
Yo i'm glad you realizing that you need to make a drastic change. You already know its not easy and probably one of the most difficult things you''l have to face yet you're still trying to get sober. That is awesome. Your wife and child are worth it. I'm only 26 and I lost a woman I loved to drinking and its the worst. Stay sober and become a better person for them but also yourself. You don't know what you have until its gone. Keep up the good fight and I won't drink with you today
For me finding good AA groups has been key (&amp; it did take a while to find a couple out if the many that suited me). I find if I get to the meeting I get through the day.
Hey stop beating yourself. We have all been shit treated people like shit done shorty things but it was never us it was our disease. I'm newly sober too. It's weird and not always easy but I'm enjoying it. For what it's worth maybe this isn't the best advice but this is something I tell myself that makes me feel better bc the thought of never drinking again is frightening. I say to myself when I get a craving I can drink. Sure I can drink. But then I remember why I don't. The trip to the hospital last week the constant vomiting the anxiety of withdrawal day in day out the obsession I have with alcohol and "where's my drink" all the time. So yeah I can drink. But I know what will happen. Take it second by second if you have to and believe in yourself. We are all here for you 
Wow its crazy how similar we are! I am 31 married had our first baby last year and have known about my drinking problem since my early 20s.  It wasnt until a few months ago when my daughter was 6 months old that I was finally able to stay away from alcohol.  You are making a great decision!  It is so great to finally be present with my daughter every night after work and all day on the weekends.  My wife is so much happier like a huge weight has been lifted off her shoulders.  I am always there to help and not blacked out at the computer or couch every night. ..My suggestion is to let yourself have as many sweets snacks sodas etc as you want to get you through the first month.  Have things in the house for when a craving hits. Just dont touch alcohol unless its pouring it down the drain. Wishing you the best you got this!
Keep it up.  You don't have to drink today or ever again if you don't want to.  Meetings have been helpful to me so far if for no other reason then I get to hang out with sober people who are genuinely happy to see me. It resets my compulsion just enough to make it til bedtime which is all it takes.  You only have to worry about one day for the rest of your life.  Not yesterday not tomorrow just today. Sending good vibes to you I will not drink with you today.
Please take a moment and read The Naked Mind.   You will find a free download link in the sidebar. 
Glad you are here. Best of vibes in this journey. 
I am 31 years old as well... great time to get it all together my dude. Stay strong its totally worth it
Reading this is like reading my biography except my drinking transpired over decades during which time things got progressively worse.  Then one day I found out that my insurance covered behavior therapy so I found a local hospital that offered treatment and registered as an out patient.  (They have the Hazelden treatment program that Betty Ford used.)  So now I've been sober for nearly a year.  BTW there are alternatives to AA have you looked into Life Ring?  You can do this.  
I know for me thinking about sobriety in long terms was dangerous. It was too terrifying to think of the idea of never drinking again. I broke things down to meaningful steps that I could take on a daily basis. ..For me this included attending a Intense Outpatient Rehab therapy and AA. These gave me solutions for the day to day struggles. Also helped with connecting me to sober support networks. ..I was a year sober Monday. It can definitely work we just have to work it. I'm glad you are here!!!
SMART meetings have helped me socially and emotionally and they are not religious.  I have been honest with the group and even when i relapsed and fell and hurt myself i went straight back to them because they all understand.  it's for all ages and it could help you.
Glad you are here. ..Pounding the hell out of your ego isn't going to help you or your family. Guilt don't let me (or others on this sub) get started...Here is a thought: Get an empty bottle of Jagermeister and make sure you can put a fresh flower in it each and every day (maybe two flowers for weekends) for your wife and child. Every day that is the mission one fresh flower. After one month a dozen roses? You know better than I what your wife likes. I bet some local florist can help you out.  You might take up gardening who knows?? Gives you a plan flower shops not liquor stores  and shows you are thinking of them without lots of words. I hear actions speak louder than words...Just my (sober) thoughts...Again glad you are here.
