-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tb5ek/if_you_think_youre_not_addicted_to_alcohol/

This is something that kept me in denial for the period of my relapse of about 2 years. I would hear other people's stories or reports of quantities of alcohol drunk or extreme behaviors and I would say "Well I'm not that bad..." ..By the end of my relapse I had my drinking down to about twice a week and had about 4-5 drinks each time -- bear in mind I'm female and hover around 118 pounds. It wasn't until I wrote down every crappy thing I experienced around drinking and I could see it on paper (then I read it out loud to my sponsor) that it really stuck with me. This was a couple of weeks ago and sometimes I still have new memories to add to that list. These include:..- heart palpitations.- anxiety/dark thoughts.- diarrhea much of the day after drinking.- sore lungs and throat from smoking cigarettes when drinking (even tho I don't smoke).- useless next day sad beaten down.- worried when I would drink again/wanting to drink/swearing off drink/going to strange bars in middle of night or ordering alcohol online/drink alone after going out with people.- taking so much alka selzer that I had stomach pains and thought I'd have to go to the ER after lying sweating on the bathroom floor.....And this doesn't even remotely covered all the horrible physical and emotional experiences I had BEFORE I got my consumption down to this level!..Anyway. Glad to be happy sober and free. Yes I have an addiction and it's good to know that --  'cuz the solution is pretty simple.
----------immediate responses--------

I like to believe that alcoholism is a spectrum. At the worse end there are people who wake up and hit hard spirits straight away. If that's the definition of alcoholism that's not me...But then I think somewhere along the spectrum there's people like me who abuse alcohol and get black out drunk far too often. I don't need to label it but if that person is defined as an alcoholic then so be it - that's me.
Being very health anxious as a teenager I could feel that my use of alcohol was wrong and leaning towards addiction even when I was 20 and only having a couple shots every now and then (but at home to relax)...Maybe those worries became a self fulfilling prophecy but all attempts to drink less moderate or quit resulted in me drinking more and more... first binge drinking then regular drinking.....Everyone starts somewhere before the addiction progresses to the "true alcoholic image" or death - it doesn't change the damage harm that it does. ..I like the idea of having a written list. I will try it too. It will probably be very very long.
I think if alcohol costs you more than money and a hangover then you're an alcoholic
I think a lot of people go through this stage of denial. There's always someone who is worse off. Until you're dead. 
Rock bottom is whenever you decide to put the shovel down. .
..&gt;An alcoholic is characterized by how they react to alcohol not by the type of bag around their bottles or their tendency to embark on movie-cliche-drunk behavior or the amount of cars they've wrecked or marriages they've ruined or jobs they've lost or nights spent in jail or on a park bench or amount they drink or the amount of time they've been drinking or anything else like that...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/
I didn't think my drinking was too bad when I was only drinking 3 nights a week. But I was getting passed out drunk vomiting on myself and attempting suicide-kind of thing. I didn't think it was bad because I managed to be 4 nights sober during the week but frankly I was heavily dependant on alcohol. I just struggled to have those three nights of "glory" in secret in my room. I def relate to some of the things you listed here drinking cheap shit made my intestines suffer. 
Yep the first step for me was honesty - with myself my son and my closest friend.  When i fell over and got a cut on my forehead and a black eye i did not lie about how it happened this time.  Telling the truth was the hardest thing but the best first step i've ever made.
I have a 'psychological' addiction! I drink to escape myself and the realty I think I hate... but I have to face it now and alcohol can no longer be a part of my life.
I used to tell myself well if I lived in New Orleans this would be considered normal right?  What a dumb ass.  
For years I was obsessed with that alcoholism label and though I was terrified of becoming an alcoholic and felt like I was destined to I didn't think I could possibly be one. That was other people. Drinking friends reinforced this for me laughing off the concerns I would express from time to time. ..It's why I hate the label now. It was doing more harm than good for many of those years - and when I knew that I didn't think I could or should quit because the only people who quit are people with major problems. I didn't want to be one of THOSE people so I kept drinking!..But I got to the point where I knew the alcoholic label applies. Basically Robin Williams's definition (please look it up if you haven't seen it)
This is something I am also coming to realize. I had about 70 days or so under my belt and then I had some wine one night nothing more than 2 glasses. Then I had a beer another night. Then a week or so later I realized that I had drank moderately (one beer or up to 2 ciders) on 4 out of the previous 5 nights...Totally "acceptable" levels. Nothing that would cause anyone to think I had a problem. But I also noticed the very subtle physical symptoms creeping in. Bloat digestive irregularity (caused as little as one drink! Amazing!) anxiety obsessing about alcohol fatigue and on and on. For me these symptoms only made me want to drink more because the drinking would take away the pain for an hour or so. And so the cycle begins. ..A big change for me is not blaming myself for "being an alcoholic" but holding responsible the media alcohol companies and mostly alcohol itself for being an addictive DRUG that is everywhere. It is an act of civil disobedience not to drink or use drugs these days and that is just ass-backwards if you ask me! 
See I never have the urge to drink and in situations I could have a few and be okay. But when I was with my friends we would throw beers back all damn day. Weekends brought me to realize I had quite a problem with binge drinking. I never would be the type to take a whole bottle of vodka or drink and 18 pack by myself ..  but best believe when I'm with my friends it was the sole purpose . I wouldn't completely black out but things were blurry the night before...I think the binge withdrawals is what's stopping me the most from drinking . I already have general anxiety and the more times I binged the worse it got. The hair of the dog leads to a drink every hour or two. That's when I realized either my situation was what was wrong or just my drinking in general. I am choosing the second option. Going on one week sober which is pretty good for me. But I would go on dry spells without intentions to "quit for good" for weeks to a month at a time . I think that helped me with the denial. ..It all changed quick . A drink here and there  you're moderating well. Then you seem to depend on it again or look forward to it at the end of the week.  That's just my experience 
Nice list.  I was never a daily drinker or a morning or during work drinker but man! I would often get blasted about twice a week--so badly that it would take me several days to recover.  Alcoholic?  
