-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tcobm/trying_to_continue/

I love you all. Thanks for being here. I am  struggling a bit. My IRL AA meetings have been great but I'm just struggling a bit in general. Feeling strong cravings. I hate this. I know that playing the tape forward shows me nothing but bad things. Ugh. I'm almost at 30 days!!!!!!..Help pls.
----------immediate responses--------

And even though I feel kinda sick it still makes me crave
You can do this! In two days you'll have the rare "4" next to your name! I won't drink with you tonight.
What helped me the most was getting out of my own head/life. I used the numbers I got at AA meetings to call other people and ask how they were doing. When I practiced that on a consistent basis I noticed I wasn't thinking about me (and therefore cravings) at all anymore. If needed I could also talk to those people about my cravings. Usually the justification that was going through my head was so ridiculous that we would laugh and laugh then it would go away. Use those tools! They work if you work them. Glad you're here. 
Im right here with you! Almost 30days! Im not experiencing cravings or anything but Im still here to keep things under control. You know the only way to lose what youve built is to give in. .."Often the goal is nearer than.It seems to a faint and faltering man;.Often the struggler has given up.When he might have captured the victor's cup.And he learned too late when the night slipped down.How close he was to the golden crown."
It won't be worth it. You're getting the "fuck it's." ..How would you feel if you did give up your 30? This is a part of the struggle. You can do this. I promise you. 
One night when I was really drunk and tired of being really drunk I posted on SD. You responded it meant more than you know. It was the first time in a long time that I was honest and someone cared. I thank you for being you!
Don't give up right before 30 days. You can do this!!
