-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tlss5/today_begins_day_90/

So I sit here early in the morning sipping on my coffee about to take my morning walk to work.  I've lived here for so long that I can tell how the morning feels outside by the amount of humidity that has seeped into my apartment and how calm the wind is because I can't hear that loose piece of plastic that sways in the wind and taps the wall outside of my bedroom.  The traffic is light hardly anyone getting up early today.  Typical for a Monday...It's going to be a nice walk...My absolute favorite time of day is right now.  New beginnings and challenges.  All of them I'm willing to hit head on because I'm ready.  I'm excited.  I'm at peace with myself...Today begins the end of three months of sobriety.  I would say that I have no idea how I did this but I do.  It was because I tried and I've been winning.  Every day was a struggle and a battle and I made each and every one of those moments a victory!!!!..I've never ever said "I won't drink with you".  That phrase that is so often used here in this wonderful community.  It's a personal preference that I don't say it.  It's because I fear.  I fear of the unknown.  I don't know what's going to happen today do I prefer not to say something like that...Today is different for me.  I'm not sure why I feel this way today...Maybe it's because I'm starting to believe that I can actually stick with a promise to myself and see it all the way through.  Maybe I've taken another step into my own personal awareness.  Maybe I just got tired of letting myself down so many times in the past...I feel that I can finally say confidently.......I won't drink with you today!!!!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! 
That is so great. This being sober business is such a learning experience. ..This is the longest I have been sober since I can remember (I even had the occasional glass of wine during my pregnancy!) So every day is a new record broken and a step toward a better future  :)..I've never been much of one to say it either but I will say it back to you! I will not drink with you today :D
Congratulations 16bit Not only on the 90 days but in believing that you can keep a promise to yourself. That is amazing &amp; I am so happy for you :) Thank you for this post it is lovely to read :)
Yaaassssss!!! Welcome to Day 90 Love! I'm so happy to be here with you :). xo
Congrats on 90 - I will not drink with you today.
Congrats 90 days is huge!
Congrats on coming so far. I will join you in not drinking today. 
Thank you - I won't drink with you today as well. I understand what you mean about that and respect how you have approached this. We all have different paths to the oneness. I feel your peace and happiness in your words and congratulate you on your impending 90 days!
Congratulations on day 90!
Great post and a great little read as I start my day and read my coffee. I'm waking up to 91 and I'm pretty elated. It's been a tough road and I'm ready for the next 90 days. I won't drink with you today regardless of the unknown regardless of what life throws our way. I won't drink with you today no matter what. 
This really made me smile. Thank you! Congrats on 3 months and happy to not be drinking with you today.
Congrats! 
Awesome!!!! Keep going....and not even one sip.
I love this phrase because it is the only thing I can say with any certainty.  I can't even think about tomorrow. you can do this today.
I say I won't drink with you today. It seems so much easier than I won't drink with you forever.  Hopefully all the today's will turn into forever. We'll see'..Meanwhile I want drink with you today!
Yesssssss!!! These mornings are my favourite too. Congrats on this amazing milestone raising my cup of coffee to you- clink! I will not drink with you today :)
Very touching story. I love these mornings too with my chai... :) Funny about that bit of plastic tapping your wall. I have a similar tapping outside my bathroom which reminds me of being drunk and standing outside smoking. At first I was nervous this sound would trigger a relapse. Now it's become a noise associated with "Remember how depressing that was! Never again!" So yeah for me some healthy fear still there I'd say.....Congrats on 3 months!!!
Congrats!  Keep believing!  I will not drink with you today!
Right on!!!!  About IWNDWYT I really like that you honored yourself and that when the time was right it felt right naturally almost effortlessly. Reminds me of a poem about a man seeking fortune who goes on a long journey before realizing the treasure is back at his own house--the final line goes "The water of life is here! *But I had to come this long way to find it*."  You built trust in yourself by trusting your journey.
Just wrote in my journal this morning how much I enjoy mornings. No matter how hard or bad the day is there is always tomorrow morning. The quiet. The still. The mercy. The coffee :)..Not drinking with you stranger and friend :)
Loved reading that. Huge congratulations to you. I won't drink with you today.
Congrats!
