-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6to9v4/day_21_finding_a_way_to_deal_with_a_so_that/

So I've experienced many different emotions over the last 3 weeks and I'm on chapter 11 of The Naked Mind.  I do understand that my choice to not drink is MY CHOICE and I can't expect everyone around me to change their behavior.  I still go out dancing and to the dive bars on Monday nights for pool league.   ..My SO has the ability to control his drinking far better than I so I'm not saying he needs to quit it's not for me to choose and I clearly understand that.  I'm struggling with how I feel around him when he's drinking.  We always joke around and have so much fun and I don't want to be the "she's not fun anymore since she stopped drinking" girl.  But sometimes I feel like he is disrespecting me when he thinks he's joking.  He will say or do something towards me that he wouldn't do if he wasn't drinking.  I finally said something and now I feel like I'm being hypersensitive.  Where is the line that you say something versus keep it to yourself for fear of putting your issues onto someone else?   ..I guess it's probably going to be a challenge to be in a relationship with someone that drinks huh?  For reference we've been dating and live together for almost one year and our entire relationship has included many drunken nights blackouts for me hangovers for us both and I've even hit him which was one of the final straws for me.  He's very supportive and says that he's proud of me.  He apologized for his behavior after telling me I was being sensitive because I stopped drinking.  I probably wouldn't have said anything about his actions if I had been drinking as my actions would probably have been worse.  ..What to do and how to handle?  Fortunately it's not an issue that is causing me to even consider drinking I feel too good right now to let that happen.  Help I'm struggling!!  Have others had similar issues and have advice to offer?  ..I'm happy to not be drinking with you all today! 
----------immediate responses--------

One of the best things I did was have a therapist to talk with. I also went to lots of AA meetings. 
I'm glad you're happy to not be drinking with me today!..And I realize it's probably a rare thing that I have: my wife who was a 3-drink-a-month kind of person (plus sips of whatever I was drinking) got on the wagon with me. At first I told her she didn't have to and now I just say thank you and give her praise for it. Actually I think she could *benefit* from relaxing with a glass of wine like she used to occasionally do but she chooses solidarity with me. And I'm aware that's rare...AA helps me because the folks there understand my relationship with alcohol where my wife doesn't...Al-Anon may open his eyes to things he's unaware of living with an alcoholic...And I don't know your history but 3 weeks? First of all MAJOR CONGRATS to you and second you are both new at this sober you thing. There's a learning curve. You are both figuring out how to communicate with each other too. Don't stop. Give it time and keep that communication happening.
I have quit and been sober then not and now I am done for sure. Me and my SO are in the exact same place...He is this fun loving drinker and doesn't have a big issue with it like me. But sometimes he does that as well and I find it useful to talk to him the next morning or even my therapist I think with sobriety comes some clarity and I remember when I drink all filters are forgone so that is what I think our issue is....hang in there!
You're always allowed to mention it if you're feeling disrespected. You're obviously not looking for things to be offended by--quite the opposite; your inclination is to think you're making too big a deal of something you feel hurt by. Feelings are valid--you can say "That doesn't make me feel all that great" and it's just true without necessarily making him wrong...To be fair though I'm not a huge fan of "jokes" that are really just digs nor the excuse that something is "just a joke" when it hurts someone nor the notion that being "sensitive" is bad. One man's "sensitive" is another man's "self-respect." So I don't think you are anywhere close to putting your issues on someone else inappropriately. 
I read [this](http://livingwithoutalcohol.blogspot.ie/) blog recently by a lovely funny lady who quit drinking while her husband continued to drink (albeit in a socially-acceptable non-problematic way the git!)... ..It's a really good read and who knows maybe there will be something in there you could relate to.....Hope you manage to find a way forward that works for you both I'm sure you will!..Glad not to be drinking with you today too :&gt;)&gt;..Woody
Hi Kelly my name is Sandy.  We will just make our own special party bus.  My SO told me last night that he wants to join me in sobriety.  He doesn't like the way he feels and sees how much happier I am now that  I am not drinking.  I think he fears our relationship won't make it if one of us drinks and the other one is getting sober could be true but who knows.  I asked him who he was making the decision for and he said himself.  It can't be for me or it won't work and he will just resent me.  I have mixed emotions about his decision.  That might sound weird but initially I was elated and couldn't believe that he would do that for himself for me for us.  Today I'm feeling a little bit of pressure because if he wants to drink he probably won't unless I do and that is way too much.  I am struggling just handling myself and can't worry about others right now.   There I go thinking of the worst.  I'm just going to be happy he made the decision and see where it goes.   I don't go to AA but maybe that's where the "one day at a time" comes in.  We have a Mexico trip planned this weekend and of course his commitment was to start AFTER the trip.....I just hope the trip isn't riddled with drunken escapades.   Wish me luck!!   Good luck with airing through your new life with your SO.  We can do this right?!?!?
