-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tq1r8/really_struggling_tonight/

So I manage group homes which requires on call responsibilities. This last weekend I was on call. Yesterday I got a call that a client had to go to the ER. I started working at 6am that day then I had to go sit in the ER form 6pm to 5am. I went home and crashed and had to wake up at 7am and desperately ask someone to cover my group home shift for a few hours so I could get at least a couple hours of sleep. I was supposed to be on call tonight but I called a coworker crying because if someone called in for their awake overnight  shift or another client had to go to the ER I would be required to do so. No one cares that I'd only get 3 hours of sleep in 48 hours. It's just very frustrating and I'm feeling taken advantage of and abused in this position. (I should add I love my clients and I love my staff and I so don't want to leave it's just awful that none of the higher-ups are willing to step in and help when I'm having to work with no sleep and I hadn't even had anything to eat in 24 hours. Plus I'm salaried so I'm not even getting paid or acknowledged for any of this.)..Because I am so stressed out and so tired and off tonight before I go back on call tomorrow I just want a couple drinks. I'm so drained and not thinking straight and wine is the only thing that I feel will provide any relief. I know I should just think of HALT and have a big dinner and go to bed but that nagging voice is telling me I DERSERVE a couple drinks...I'm so close to 90 days and my longest sobriety stretch was 103 days and I'm so close to beating that. I know I shouldn't and I probably won't. I'm just feeling beaten down and really want to drink. I don't know why I'm posting. It's just been a hard past 36 hours. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds awful and you should be angry but think about how terrible you would feel tomorrow if you have a drink tonight. Remember we only have to tell ourselves not to drink today 24 hours of sobriety at a time...Definitely treat yourself with something before you get some sleep but don't make it booze. May I suggest a hot fudge sundae or a hot bubble bath?
Do you have anything not addictive to reach for when the anxiety/stress becomes an unbearable loop?  If not maybe call your doctor to find some.  It helps me to take some emergency anxiety meds at breaking points to just subdue the buzzing in my brain...I used to work nights and weekends and got told so long as I had a documented "8 hour break" between shifts that it was enough no matter how much sleep I could cram in...To me as an outsider it would seem that if you were to drink now it'd pause you but then you'd add one more worry to the load "why did I drink? I wish I didn't do that"..I'm back on day one today.  Don't knock down your achievement by rejoining me at the bottom...
The hardest time for me is when I open the door just a slight bit that I can have a drink. When I do it TORTURES me. Makes it 100 times harder. If I shut this thought down and truly believe in my heart this is shutdown it gets so much easier.  Shut it down.
