-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6trqnn/i_feel_nauseated_sorry_for_clickbaity_post_topic/

Alcohol has been such an impact to my life. It stole time from me that I could have spent doing many more productive things. And I've had some life struggles in the past month and a half and not having the crutch of the need to drink was a benefit for all parties involved in my struggle. It kept me focused it kept me healthier it helped me maintain my sanity better. ..I am nowhere near out of my darkness or depression but I don't see the value of alcohol anymore. So when I learned that my very close 16 year old cousin tried and enjoyed alcohol I did not take it too well. I saw so much potential in her and so much wisdom in her youth that inspired me to get out of my ruts of needing a drink. She was an encouraging voice to say "don't drink because I won't ever". 20/20 is everything in experience and now I know trusting teenagers is like trusting a thief to watch your valuables. But learning she drank and she liked it and has done many opportunities of drinking since her first sips earlier this calendar year has made me into a mixture of anger fear and sadness. I am nauseated from the truth of it all and I am not sure how to process it. It isn't my life but my life has sort of involved her more than she knows. To see her use alcohol how I started to use it scares me. I left the conversation not pleased with her and I am pretty sure she is extremely unhappy right now which makes me feel like an asshole but my feelings feel valid. Just wanted to vent this out...This felt like a dumb post. I needed to vent. However I would love input on others experience!
----------immediate responses--------

I had my first beer at 16 too. I think that part of it is pretty normal...Don't blame her just give her some facts about the drug that it is. Let her know it kills someone every 10 seconds and that it's highly addictive...I was under-educated about the harmful effects of drinking too. If someone would have taught me that it was about as bad as heroin I wouldn't have started...Just a thought. 
I was not teachable as a teenager I was not teachable in my 20's ..all we can do is plant the seed and hope a hangover or minor regrets make it grow. 
Experimenting with alcohol as a teenager is probably not going to ruin her life or cause any harm. I think the majority of teenager to experiment with drugs and alcohol- and that's actually not a bad thing. What's bad is when they go to college for the first time- they have a sense of freedom they have never had before. If they have never tried drinking suddenly it's surrounding them and that's where the trouble is...I can't even count how many college freshmen I heard of getting their stomachs pumped hurting themselves driving drunk getting into fights flunking out of school or even dying because of alcohol poisoning because they had zero experience or education about alcohol and how to drink responsibly...In my experience telling a teenager "never drink! Not even once!" Will get you the exact opposite results. Teenagers love to explore push boundaries and rebel- it's human nature. It's easy to project onto a teenager and of course you care about you young cousin but getting upset might cause worse ramifications then talking it out and letting that 16 year old know that you care you're worried you understand and most of all you want them to be SAFE and responsible and know that you are there for them. ..It will be okay. Sometimes life throws us into situations that frighten and worry us- but don't be scared. Be strong and most importantly be a good example :)
