-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tsldg/trying_again/

I almost got to a month on my first serious try. Just a week before my 30 days I moved to a new city away from my cheating SO and everything going on there. I was depressed could barely eat and never left the house. I knew I was going to relapse soon if I didn't get up and find a meeting so I did get up - and went to a meeting. ..It was an amazing group and I wanted to become a part of them but I'm leaving this city soon and didn't want to get attached. I'm the end I left feeling lonelier than when I started. I cried in the car went home and relapsed. That lasted 2 weeks to now but I know I can't keep it up. I fell harder and faster this time drinking even more. No one in my household knows I'm an alcoholic but I hid it all anyways afraid for them to find out. ..I have no serenity I have no community and as such I have no sobriety. I'm putting a stop to this today and Thursday I'm settling down in a new city to go to school. I'll be able to find a new group get back on track and beat this thing into the ground. ..Though I may have gotten lost for a minute I'm back. I won't drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! Get your fine self in that new city and make that school your.... Subordinate entity... I will not drink with you today. 
I'm excited to hear about your move! I'll bet the AA groups in your new city will welcome you with open arms - I know I would! :) Sending love and best wishes.
Go forth and conquer everything great ahead of you :) And great move on leaving cheating SO-B!!! I won't drink with you either...Stay strong stay brave :)
You can do it!! Sober On!!
Wishing you the best. You can do this. I will not drink with you today. 
You have yourself right now and as far as your household is this first step  THEY KNOW everyone knows they just don't talk about it to us the hidden shame. I applaud you and I will not drink with you today !
