-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ttdm1/going_to_a_concert_tonight_and_am_terrified/

It's a shame that going out is now a weird game of Russian Roulette where I wonder if I will be able to maintain my resolve and not drink. WTF? This never used to be a thing. For 20 years I never even thought about having more than one beer in any situation. I never thought I would struggle like this (thanks divorce and subsequent depression!). Ugh. Wish me luck. 
----------immediate responses--------

No luck needed this is all about strength. You got this you deserve to enjoy concerts and anything else that made you happy before (sans alcohol)...I won't drink with you today/tonight.... Stay strong let us know how the concert was!
How'd it go? 
Play the tape forward - when I do it always ends ugly and works a a tool to keep me from drinking. What I've learned over these past 8 months is that I enjoy a concert more when I'm not drinking. Have fun and let us know how you do. I will not drink with you today.
Good luck to you! I am in the same boat. It's not just a concert but a freaking parting event. I made it through in the past sober. Good luck to us!  Gotta want it!
Do you have a plan as to how to respond to being offered a drink and how to cope with others who will be drinking?.You can do this.  
Be the badass warrior that you are and fight that poison piss water. It sucks and it is a big lie! You can do this!!
I have seen a lot of amazing bands--but most I don't remember due to being drunk. Drinking doesn't make a concert any better--and most of the time it makes it worse--especially on a night when I need to go to work the next morning. You can do it!!
If it helps you any I went to a concert on Friday and I did drink. A lot. I ended up stumbling all over the place drunk dialing old friends puking all over myself and feeling like shit the next morning. Not to mention I don't remember the show. I thought I could moderate but ended up making a fool of myself. 
I never cease to be amazed at how supportive everyone here is. It's really amazing to have this kind of back up. 
You'll be fine!..The last time I drank was at a show. I planned it out cause I knew I was going to want to drink then so I set myself that date as my quit date...I was worried the next time I was going to a show because I thought it would remind me of the last time I drank but really I enjoyed the show no matter what. I even get to see some really drunk bastards bumping into people and causing a ruckus and was glad I wasn't that person anymore.
