-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6u8g1t/parent_said_something_subtle_last_night_that_i/

Just for context I'm a grown adult living 'back' with parents for a while. ..I just have to say my Mum is a very good mother/Nan very smart and I have no doubt she knows what I'm doing or not doing or what I'm up to; so there is no doubt she knows I've stopped drinking/binging. ..She and my Farther (divorced) have always been 'drinkers' they've never suggested I should quit even after some quite horrendous moments I've caused with my drinking; including a DUI! ..Ok so what she said/did was very subtle; when I got home from work there were three wine glasses on the table to go on the dinner table. As dinner was almost ready she moved hers and my step-dads drink through and as she poured their red wine she asked "do you want some wine". I immediately just said "no thanks" in a breezy fashion and moved on to talk about something else but there was something off about it. ..The night before I was in a bad mood due to various things and while helping with dinner and chatting she also said "thank god for alcohol". That also sounded odd to me with me just in the room chatting and me not having a drink. ..Now here's the thing; I know I cannot be defensive or raise any kind of response that might draw into question their own alcohol habits. The reason being that when I did this in the past (about 5 years ago) and was talking about how much better I felt not drinking I was met with very dismissive and unsupportive responses.  I know from that experience and it's obvious that any success I'm having not drinking subconsciously calls into question another drinkers own habits and I suppose it's natural for a defensive response...These comments feel like a very tiny chink to draw me back into the fray most likely not intentionally; but it's clear my mothers subconscious thought is that I probably need a drink. ..Also just to say; I do have other issues (Anxiety and depression) where I'm pretty confident my mother does not; she can still get up and do whatever she needs after drinking (her understanding these issues are another battle). ..I love and respect my parent's immensely and they are loving supportive but the challenge of having to also deal with their liberal attitude to alcoholism and their inability to connect my severely diminished quality of life when I'm relapsing is extremely difficult to deal with. I will be moving back out in a few months but there's no doubt little things like this can eat away at me and when your own mother subconsciously opens you a door to drink again it's another hidden hazard I need to be strong enough to avoid. Arggggggg lol! ..(Thanks for listening if you read that babble! Feels a lot better to get that off my chest as I'd been sleeping on the issue. HAVE A GOOD DAY everyone I will most definitely not drink no matter what anyone says to me!)
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know if this is happening and if it is people aren't even aware of their own behavior but often families do stuff like this to not change how the family functions. Read up on family systems and addiction alcohol sabotage. It's again a non conscious thing if that's what it is.
I've encountered the same from some family/friends... I think you're correct in that your sobriety on some level makes those close to you question theirs and causes them to become antagonistic/defensive/etc.
I don't think the message is that subtle! To be it sounds like they are trying to provoke at least something from you even if that's an innocent explanation as to why you are not drinking.
Geez Louise moving back with your parents is hard enough without this headache.  You are an adult and you need to separate your thoughts and opinions almost like you changed religions and are practicing it.  Well you are a Sobernaut now.  You can't change them but you can be your new changed self with them although you are going to have to bite some bullets to do it.  For moments like that I chew nicotine gum.  
I have a similar dynamic but I think at my older age I've started to outgrow it. .This is sick but I used to think that drinking with my dad would bring us closer; booze was the quick common denominator and no matter what our differences we could always meet on that playing field and all would be right with the world. It's of course not true...Stay strong. Your mom chooses to view her life through that lens. That's her choice. You prefer not to. Do not 'own' her insecurities and subtle antagonism-- SHE owns that. If you take it on you're falling into the trap that (a) her problem is yours somehow and (b) your sobriety is somehow an inconvenience and a grievance to her. 
Sorry to hear about your struggle...I get sober support from people who are not family or friends.  I get that at meetings.  Everyone there has a primary goal: don't drink and help others not drink...Many have become good friends subsequently the difference being our initial bonding is derived from *not drinking*...Whadda ya think?
While us mothers are magical dont assume she knows you've stopped ..Tell her? 
I think that sometimes people who are still drinking (but maybe know deep down that they shouldn't) get a bit threatened by others with the will-power to say enough is enough...
