-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6u9p89/finally_productive/

After day 3 I can finally say I've been productive. ..To give a little background I used to be a high functioning alcoholic. I took on multiple projects at the same time while succeeding. People unfortunately looked up to my high risk/high reward lifestyle. There was nothing I couldn't do which in turn led me to believe I had power over alcohol. I somehow was able to live the functioning alcoholic lifestyle that is until the DUI. ..The DUI happened a little over a year ago and instead of taking responsibility for my actions I just grabbed the bottle. A job I had been fighting for over a year for slipped through the cracks. My girlfriend came to her senses and left me. I lost a job that until recently I couldn't admit was my fault. The friendly check ups from friends vanished. Was even ignoring feeding my dog saying "I'll do it after the next drink". ..After being unemployed for 2 months racking up credit card debt and losing track of the days I finally said enough. ..After the 2nd day sober I realized I had control again. The 3rd day I woke up at 5am and made a list of every firm within 30 mins of me in order to seek employment. I made catered portfolios for each firm too. The 4th day I visited every firm in person and pitched myself. Today will be the formation of a side business that I've been putting off for years. I'm finally in the driver seat. ..My father was a repairman for over 30 years and at his retirement he finally got to meet the boss. After this meeting he told me "I quickly realized that the only difference between the boss and myself is that this man believed he could be the boss while I only believed I could be a repairman." I originally applied this lesson to business but now realize the same concept applies to sobriety. I just have to believe I can be sober. ..Thanks for those that read this. It's my plan to look back on this once I come to struggling situations in the future. ..TL;DR: I'm no longer on drunken auto-pilot and am finally taking ahold of the wheel again. I'm not destined to be drunk I just have to believe I can be sober. ..Edit for grammar I was able to catch .. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow- this is so powerful! I needed to read this today. I like what you said- we just have to believe we are/can be sober. I'm going to use that to stay on the sober path. Thank you and best of luck!
Wow what a great story! And to accomplish so much on Day 3 (I was on the sofa for most of the first week). Please keep us posted on how things are going. Speaking as a frequent hiring manager and former (volunteer) career coach your job search steps sound right on. Wishing you all success. 
Thank you!
