-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uamxg/relapse_after_61_days/

For whatever reason over the past week I thought I missed drinking. I convinced myself I was missing out on something that everybody gets to do and loves..But I can say with full assurance now that it was a huge mistake. I feel so horrible not only physically because of the hangover but also very disappointed in myself. And now I have to start from day 1 all over again. .I will try to keep this lesson in mind the next time I eventually start feeling that way again. .Thanks SD for lessoning. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you :) I relapsed after 23 days. I have been beating myself up over it...but hey that was 23 days I didn't drink and you have 61 days you didn't drink :) 
Those 61 days are not lost.  I am sure you learned much about sobriety during that time.  I hope that you aren't too hard on yourself.  I won't drink with you today. Sending you internet hugs.
I just did a badge reset after 72 days.  I went to the wine for a week as I was seeking relief from pressure.  As we all know it doesn't work.  The good news is it was not difficult to stop.  I will say my sleep actually went to crap again almost right away.  I won't drink with you today.
relapses are my thang!! totally!! Ive actually done a lot of my own research into addictive behaviours and in particular relapses. This was in an effort to understand myself as I really didnt know why I kept doing it...If you want to have a look at dopamine D2 downregulation that helped me. I started putting things in place to upregulate d2 receptors then unfortunately I relapsed yet again....but I learned things I learned more about my brain chemsitry and profile....and also Im not giving up giving up and neither should you...I realised I need outside help I cant do it on my own that much is obvious...I attended my first AA meeting yesterday and attending my 2nd tomorrow and I have emailed an addiction therapist...61 days is absolutely brilliant and you should be proud of that and I will happily not drink with you today :-) .
Don't beat yourself up. Tomorrow is a new day. I relapsed almost to the day of 12 months. Now it's been four. What happened yesterday doesn't matter now and tomorrow does. 
Many Day 1s for me. But theres considerable evidence on this sub that eventually you'll have your last Day 1. Each reset just reinforces what we already know but still have yet to fully bake into our lives. You're immediate reset and reaching out here are a positive sign. ..Welcome back to sobriety!  I won't be drinking with you today!
Good! Doesn't matter the count don't let these thoughts bring you down...You know what is good for you - stay strong and love your life.
Thanks for posting this-- I too look at my days and think that as well. I'm using a drink as a reward for being good- and I know I would feel the same way you did. Appreciate the honesty and I will not drink with you today Friend!
Today is my 3rd day after relapsing after 30+ days dry. The feeling you described are very familiar to me. Good you are back on track! Good luck. IWNDWYT.
Thank you for reminding me why I shouldn't pick up that first drink. It's honesty from strong folks like you who help to keep me strong. I won't drink with you today.
