-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ub6j0/im_really_struggling_to_find_my_motivation_help/

Maybe someone who reads this has been in a similar situation and can help...I'm 38 and single.  I'm financially stable and have a pretty good job.  I also drink way too much each and every night.  My health isn't *bad* but I know it could be better.  The sky is the limit with my work but I know I'm hovering just above the ground.  I don't drink in the morning or during the day but no matter how busy I keep myself when it's time to head home at the end of the day I'm going to drink.  I think things would be better if I didn't drink in all aspects but I feel like I'm maintaining as is (though nothing more).  ..Here is the worst part: it doesn't seem to impact anyone else and since no one is relying on me or there to know any different I have a *real* hard time finding the motivation to quit this once and for all.  ..I've gone on stretches for a few weeks of being dry and remember thinking it was so much better but right now I just can't find that part of me that says ENOUGH....and I really want to find that!..Has anyone else been in a similar spot?  If so what helped motivate you?  I'd like to clarify that I'm not drinking while writing this.
----------immediate responses--------

I find that my thoughts emotions and motivations vary over time. That's actually a positive attribute because I would quickly become unappreciative of a steady state (imagine eating ice cream and only ice cream for every meal)...Using thoughts emotions and motivations as my "stopping drinking" method never worked for me.  Because after a few hours days or weeks they would change just as you report...I found what works is each morning making a *Decision* irrespective of my thoughts emotions or motivations.  I decided to forgo ONE drink today.  Then I turn that into *Action* through my behaviors.
ive been in a similar spot.  I couldn't stop drinking  and then when I stopped for A week or two I would always go back  I read this book and it helped me. Try to read This Naked Mind the have it for free on this sub.   .
I really started to reflect on how short life really is. I'm not a religious person and so the time here in this world feels so short. One of the many reasons I had to quit is because life is too short. Don't waste any of it fueling a habit or being hung over. ..You owe it to yourself to 'quit once and for all'. Don't think that another person in your life is any better of a reason than that. You can do it! I'm rooting for you!
I'm in a similar situation although a little bit younger. My thoughts:..I did not think my health was poor but it is significantly better after a couple months off alcohol ..I had no real motivation or ambition I was content to just be an average performer at work with a fairly comfortable salary..I was BORED in general. Just bored with life. I think I drank nightly to suppress this. ..I've since decided to quit my job next year and open up my own business. My job is unfulfilling and I have basically nothing to lose as a single dude. I want an adventure in life. Not drinking has helped give me the clarity to see this. Now i'm taking steps to prepare for my business next year rather just sitting around getting buzzed every night. ..
