-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ucfut/i_am_14_and_was_an_alcoholic_for_one_and_a_half/

I had gone through an unexplabanlly brough time in May something very very few people and especially at this age go through so I started drinking It felt amazing the first few days I would steal my parents booze and maybe have a glass of whisky but then later on Id just have shots(1-3) and just wanted to feel buzzed..but I knew it was time to stop on July 31st and I hadn't drank in 14 days it felt great but then I had a relapse i had a sip and it felt really warm but then a few days later I had whisky and I just dint want to stay drunk the first few seoconds of the buzz felt great but after that i wanted it gone..and now i feel like my memory is horrible my eyesight is like i can't see properly but my eyes can't focus lets say I'm watching a video on my phone i can see it yes but my eyes can't focus like process the fact and concentrate with my eyes and I feel really tired and shit..but now Im dedicated to stop but I'm all freaked out about my mistakes and I must as because i cannot find actual shit on the internet if i dont drink until my adulthood am i fine? will my life return to a sober how i felt like before i started drinking life?..PLEASE REPLY IM REALLY SHAKEN UP
----------immediate responses--------

The effects of drinking on the developing brain (your current age) are documented as being more severe. It's one of the reasons that the legal drinking age has been justified. That being said the best way to find out if your symptoms are a result of drinking is to stop for a while and see if they go away. It's wise of you to recognize that you may have a problem. Your concern which sounds pretty anxiety-producing is reason enough to think about quitting in my opinion. For many of us the only way to avoid the negarive effects of "alcoholism" or a "problem drinking" "alcohol abuse disorder" or whatever it's called by various groups of people is to avoid alcohol altogether. I am one of those people. I used to worry incessantly about my health and the damage I may have done to myself. I don't any more since I walked away from alcohol. I wish you the best. I am not drinking with you today!
Get honest with your parents. See a doctor. 
The good news is that the human body has amazing powers of recuperation and recovery if *looked after* - this means not poisoning it with alcohol!..Many of us here started drinking at an early age before the brain has fully matured.... It is a recipe for years of damage wasted potential chaos and has a severe impact on the process of maturing into an adult Human Being; emotionally psychologically and otherwise......There is no upper or lower age limit to dysfunctional drinking and alcoholism and even if you waited until you are legally old enough to buy it there is no guarantee that it will not again prove to be a problem in the future for you... The safest way is to avoid alcohol altogether!..If your symptoms persist please go and see a doctor... Otherwise remain sober and you will most likely be fine... I am not a doctor and this sub is no substitute for actual medical advice though.....Hope that helps!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I agree with what everyone else has already said but I would like to add something. I was literally just thinking of myself at 16 sneaking out at night to get drunk. I was thinking how much I wish that I could go back in time grab myself by the shoulders and tell myself "stop drinking ". I would tell myself that drug and alcohol use put me on the path of chronic underachievement for the rest of my life. I never killed anyone in a drunk accident but I did kill the person I could have been. There is no time machine and I can't undo the wasted moments of my life but I can at least share with you what a waste drugs and alcohol were for me. 
Please talk to a counselor at school a trusted older friend aunt uncle neighbor--anyone you trust if you cannot open up to your parents right now. You can also call the National Suicide Hotline at 800-273-8255 any time you feel desperate and alone--they are there to talk and can connect you to other resources; you don't have to be suicidal to call them. You deserve support and guidance for everything you're going through.  Perhaps use today to select the person you will reach out to.  
