-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ugjuf/flipflopping_on_the_pot_smoking/

I haven't had a drink in over a week. That's awesome. I didn't even want to tonight. I feel better look better and my wallet is happier. I'm even thinking clearer... kinda. I don't smoke a lot. I used to but that was years ago. I've smoked on and off for the past couple years i.e. I don't buy it and I haven't missed it when it's not around. Recently my roommate bought some herb and I've indulged in moderation twice this past week or so. I'm struggling with the prospect of it being an issue. I'm giving up drinking so that I can grow as a person. Am I being silly? ..Also I'm not having a drink with you'se.
----------immediate responses--------

The only thing to be careful of is that you might be substituting. That is replacing one drug with another rather thsn being completely sober but I'm new to this and could be way off mark
I gave up weed a couple of months ago...like you I've never had a problem with weed it was no problem to give up I didnt miss it or crave it or even want it. Its never been a problem for me to not have it even though I did have it a lot....I was the archetypal stoner for a lot of years but giving it up or going out never caused me one problem...The reason I gave it up is that its a serious D2 receptor downregulator which means it would make relapsing on drink  more likely. Thats from my own research you can google dopamine D2 receptor downregulation if you feel inclined to see what weed does to your brain chemistry. Seems weird but it will make relapse more likely...You need to stop anything that will cause D2 downregulation to give yourself a better chance and work on things that cause D2 receptor upregulation....moderate execise will do that cold exposure therapy (seems an easy one to do at home that one...it isnt I made the strangest noises taking ice cold showers haha) meditation water fasting and activities like jigsaw puzzles all help increase D2 receptor availabilty and upregulation. Well done on 10 days im very happy not tbe drinking with you today :-)
I'll second random1008's concern. In my case weed was at first a successful substitute for alcohol but then I became dependent on that...I told myself it was still better at least than drinking which I still thing is true. The problem was that being high would often make it 'easier' to go and get booze anyways. So that's what I'd end up doing...Now I have two problems to deal with.....
For me I've had to give up all mind/mood altering substances to avoid my first love alcohol. It just isn't worth the risk for me.
Well done on your 10 days Chef!..Herb is one of those issues where every ex-alkie is different... only you can know if it's going to be a problem so keep a close eye on yourself over the next while especially this early in sobriety.....If it's making you want a drink or you catch yourself smoking 'too much' and clucking for it when its not around then it's probably best to knock it on the head! Perhaps the continued policy of not buying your own and only partaking if offered might be a good way forward ;&gt;)&gt;..Having said that I am a bit of a Herb enthusiast and find that I enjoy it more without a fog of booze and depression getting in the way.... It doesn't seem to make me want a drink fortunately (but drinking sure made me want *all* the spliffs mind!) and my personal growth is doing fine at the moment.... I was glad of having a bit of smoke in the early stages of sobriety to ease the anxiety and sleeplessness a bit quite honestly!..As Auntie quite rightly points out below it's a mind-altering substance at the end of the day and makes a good Servant but a very poor Master if you get what I'm saying.....My next big issue is all the bloody tobacco I smoke with it and all the ciggies I smoke when there isn't any herb to be had... and the ridiculously high caffeine intake of mine... Naughty naughty... ..Hopefully I can unpick these addictions and habits one at a time now that I'm firmly off the sauce using the same methodology that r/stopdrinking has taught me... ;&gt;)&gt;..Whatever you do be well and be happy - I won't drink with you today!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
