-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uglzp/newcomer_looking_for_support/

I have lingered on this sub for awhile now but just now deciding to post as I feel I need support. 25 years old engaged to a wonderful woman and have been an expat living abroad in Cambodia for the past 1.5 years. Come from a family of major alcoholics and hate what it has done to my past. Heavy drinker from a young age blackout binge drinker in college and in the last 9 months after some very embarrassing incidents involving outbursts with friends here in Cambodia I have decided drinking is not for me. This has been a huge challenge however as being in a small rural town in Cambodia there is not much else to do and the expat community here is very focused around alcohol and I have near constant pressure to go back to boozing. I did about 4 months completely sober wen't back and tried to have moderation but that was not possible now sober again one month. Tonight is my going away party as my fiance and I are now heading back to the US. Struggling a whole lot with the pressure not to drink tonight. More so and here is really why I am posting I feel huge pressure to drink when we return to the states a voice in my head tells me I can moderate it in the states and I will be fine once I return to normal life. I fear the social stigma even more when I get back to the states. I apologize if this is total rambling I am a bit lost right now. I never considered myself a problem drinker up until now and I don't really know where to turn once my life gets back to what I consider normal I could drink again and it could go fine... or I could return to alcohol and this new life I am planning for myself could spiral as I have seen it go with my parents. Very lost. 
----------immediate responses--------

Remember how awful hangovers were? That's one of the first reasons you decided to quit. You got this. Just recognize that you need to be strong right now. The Cambodian memories will last your lifetime. Don't be stuck remembering a last night of regret.
Please please be strong. You already know how this will end if you have a drink. Just one drink will lead to many more and you want to remember your going away party. Keep reading the SD comments until your eyes are sore. Many stories of strength to keep you motivated. So proud of you for even posting your journey. I'm in US and woke up super early cause I didn't drink last night. If I drank I would still be sleep and would not have seen your post. You can do this. Wishing you well and please update. Safe journey for you... 
Hey up! I'm also living in another country out in the post-Soviet space where the booze is cheap widely available and generally accepted as a normal part of life. I definitely had the ability to get to where I did on my own but being somewhere like this has really enabled me in getting so far down this path. I can imagine being somewhere rural makes it even tougher...I'm leaving for somewhere new to do something more structured and I'm confident it'll make things easier. It may be daunting but I'd like to think that being back in the States is a great opportunity. It could give more options for stuff to do in the evenings access to better support (e.g. AA better doctors etc.) and a chance to reinvent yourself a bit "so guys I went to Cambodia and came back dry and affianced"...Excited for you your fiance and your new adventure. 
Thanks for sharing...I think you'll find people i'm here in US don't care about if you drink but will have questions. ..And eventually you just won't care what they think :)
