-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uh9tp/a_nice_benefit_of_not_drinking/

I was out socialising with one of my closest friends a few nights ago. He was drinking beer i stuck to diet coke...Later in the evening when he'd had a few he hinted that he had been through some difficult times recently and was struggling. (not alcohol related)..Because I was sober I picked up on the hints and was able to talk it through with him and point him in the direction of resources that might help him...If I'd been drinking that night I'd have stopped listening way before that point. Being sober allowed me to be a better friend to someone and that feels pretty great.
----------immediate responses--------

Helping others is a wonderful benefit to sobriety. It feels so good to care about and for the people we love. Good for you! 
Nice victory for you and your friend. 
I realized lately that a lot of my failures while drinking were sins of omission.  When people needed my help I was checked out.  Life is a group effort and when one of us is missing everyone suffers.  Part of my recovery now is just being there for friends and family listening to people instead of always thinking of myself.  Good on you for helping your friend!!
Nice! Thanks for sharing.
You can't care for others unless you can first care for yourself. Well done 
That's awesome 
Some of my worse memories were of me not being there for loved ones.  Something that I can never correct.  But what I have salvaged from these painful memories is that they are now a tool that I use when I think I'd like to have a drink.  
Thank you for sharing this. You are so right. When I drink all I care about is myself and what I don't have and what's wrong in my life. Now that I haven't drank for few days I am more aware of what I can give back to my family friends and the community at large. 
this hits home. i wasn't a good drunk friend. i fucked a lot of them over with downright dangerous behaviour and eventually lost two of my closest buddies. ..this is great to hear thanks for sharing. 
I just Western Unioned $250 to my niece.  Kids need glasses and back to school supplies.
Reading this post and all the comments below about wanting to reach out to others I feel so blessed to be a part of this community and have the support of everyone here...in a way that reaching out is what we all do here every day isn't it?
Great! Awareness is a wonderful benefit!
This happened to me last summer. I had old friends in town visiting. I quit three years ago and they were and are some of my best friends. We drank so much back in the day 25 years ago. I sat with one of them and he explained he couldn't handle his cheating on his wife and started to cry. I didn't humor him or give advice. I just told him I loved him and always would. I explained I loved his wife and would like to imagine this can be worked out. He hugged me in a way that melted me. He and I kind of bridged a gap that night. He still drinks a lot and may even be cheating on his wife still. It isn't my job to fix that and back in my drinking days I would have resented him telling me this. I'd have been torn. Now I'm able to have some distance and still have hoes for my friend and his family. 
