-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ul874/a_whole_work_week_of_staying_on_the_bus_and_today/

Good Friday Everyone...I don't know who's reading these posts (and more so who even cares) but I had to finish off my work week by posting that I successfully came home for the last 5 days without getting off my bus in front of the convenient store where I bought my wine for the last 6 months.  ..Today was a very testing day.  ..In my first post on Sunday last week I mentioned that I lost a friend.  I got so shitty drunk that I texted him a bunch of nonsense and made-up mean shit passed out and then woke up the next day re-read our exchange and knew he was done with me.  The thing is:  we work very closely together.  My department and his department are in constant communication and this last week has been cringey awkward and sad.  He won't look at me talk to me or tolerate being near me for very long.  He has expressed his desire for me to simply leave him alone which hasn't been easy but doable because I'm sober (if i had been drinking I probably would have piled on the damage).  ..I wrote him a letter on Wednesday (pen and paper) and pretty much told him that I hadn't been entirely sober for the last 6 months that he got a horrible dose of drunk me and that while I understand he doesn't want to talk to me I asked that he could at least please not hate me...He never responded.  So I saw him again today in passing he muttered a quick hello and went on his way.  I had tried like fire to not bother him but I had to know so I texted him asking if he hated me.  I got back a simple "no."  I left it alone...Then my husband calls and starts talking about money (none of it good).  We're drowning in bills and working so much that I simply don't understand why it's so bad.  Then he alludes that its not a bad thing if I want to have some wine on a Friday night...I want to cry.  I want to die.  I want to tear my hair out.  I want to take a bunch of sleeping pills and just sleep for the next couple of days.  The battle going on in me right now is relentless.  I miss my friend I don't know if I love my husband anymore I'm tired of worrying about money and this is all just so much to take.  Staying on that bus today was the most difficult decision yet.   But I did.  I feel like I've come so far.  That even though things still suck even though I'm sober at least I control how I'm responding to the stress.  ..I'm still struggling right now.  I want to run later when it gets cooler and it's taking a lot of talking myself out of not stopping by the store and just grabbing that wine because what's the fucking point?!  ..I can't honestly say I won't. ..So internet strangers I didn't drink with you today and I'm trying sooooo hard to not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have sober friends that you can hang out with?  Have you been to AA?  Often on Fridays after meetings they do something social.  Does your husband know you want to quit?  I find it puzzling that he would offer you wine if he knows that you want to quit drinking...This internet stranger will not drink with you tonight.
I'm back on day 1 today. It was an extremely stressful day. I didn't stop on my home. I'm sure I could find an excuse to "run an errand" but I'm not going to. Don't drink with me tonight.
Well done for coping with the stress and difficulties. However you clearly know getting the wine tonight won't make a single bit of difference to the situation you'll just wake up tomorrow and be back at day 1 and feel even worse. Stay strong and tell yourself you want to change your situation and you can't do that if your drinking. Stick in there. Xx
Sending strength to you!  Just focus on the next hour or two.  Watch a movie?  Call a friend?  Go for a walk?  Eat some ice cream?  
I'm sorry you are going through this - please hang in there. Run but not to the store... cry but not into a beer. This sobriety stuff is HARD. Sending hugs of support.
