-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6umjcm/day_4_almost_5_and_im_struggling/

Have nobody IRL to talk about it at 3:42 am so thought I would give this a go and share with people who know how it is as I dont know anyone who does also...Even though I have had already 11 resets in 2 months   currently I have been sober for 4 days 9 hours 45 min and 17 seconds 18  19 jk :) ..Anyway short bio. I am currently 37 been drinking since I was 16 lost my driver's  license when I was 26 due to 3 times for DOI and those were even the times I felt sober and was driving perfect but drove into a police roadblock and as they were  checking everybody on alcohol I was fokked. (Have had it back for 10 years now)..I come from a family with all drugs and alcohol abusers so great genes too....Always had a rough life homeless and bs but at 30 hit rock bottom and didn't care much about anything anymore...My favorite choice of poison was whiskey and I would have a routine like this. Get wasted a day recover a day (or more like broken for the day) get wasted a day recover a day etc...In that time I made many enemies because when I was drunk OFC no brake on my mouth so I would say what bothers me and would also pretty much speak with every girl in my list only to wake up the next day and read what I said and would be very ashamed...Did that a couple years till one day I had a dry mouth all day but thought it was from drinking the day before as usual but no matter how much I drank that day I pissed it all out as fast as it got in and kept having a dry mouth...Went to the doctor next day and found out I have type 2 diabetes jeej another fine family tradition I found out later on...A sane person would stop drinking but I didn't I switched to vodka(like Lemmy) but I did manage to not get completely wasted. I kept it at 3 times per week sometimes 4 sometimes 2 and I would get a good buzz and leave it at that...But even so I wanted to quite completely because I have so many things I want to do but Everytime I drink I can't bother with anything...I tried to quite so many times but have failed so far I got so many triggers and urges every time and having no parents or family doesn't help either so I'm struggling!..So I'm on day 4 now 20 hours 4 minutes and 34 seconds 35 3637.. (yeah the stupid lame joke sorry).and it's been hard...Every time the same issues and this time even worse. I have slept 4 hours in 4 days I have struggles falling asleep my body is aching and hurting I get aggravated and agitated very fast about the stupidest things if I walk outside sweat very fast I feel very skittish and those 4 days already feel like an eternity...It feels like weeks but every morning when I look at my sobriety app it  just says a few days....Got triggered today and came very close to get some booze just to keep my mind quiet and stop the aching but thought to myself if I never change I will just stay stuck in this vicious cycle and achieve nothing as I already wasted 37 years of my life which when I think of that get triggered too so went to the gym...In the gym my body hurt a lot so just did a 30 min workout and thought fuck it and went home and went to bed early around midnight and here I am :(..So tired aching and feel like shit!..Could really need some encouragement or support or understanding or anything...Cheers.
----------immediate responses--------

I can say that over the years I have quit drank put together some time rehab sober hospital sober moderate drinker rinse and repeat. In my opinion you are still in early sober time. All those thoughts you are having is the alcohol trying to get you to drink to make those thoughts stop. You have 4  days. The hardest day is the first and each day is easier than the last. Remember these are just feelings and thoughts. They are what you allow them to be. Just focus on right now and what you can control which is not drinking. Anxiety alone has never killed anyone. Can you read a book watch tv scroll each post on this sub? Stay distracted. Don't force sleep it will come. In the military we would say embrace the suck. Right now it sucks drinking will make it worse. Just embrace this knowing how shitty it feels will pass. Go minute by minute if you have to.
Sounds pretty rough buddy. We are here for you. Its sounds to me like you are in dire need of a hobby. I chose to start running when i first decided to stop. Like you ive fallen off the wagon a few times as well. It happens to the best of us so dont sweat it. Like i was saying running really worked for me. I started slow because i was out of shape. I could hardly get to the end of the street. Now im running 3 to 4 miles a run. Best way i have found to clear my head. Its different for everyone. Im currently binge watching Mystery Science Theater 3000. Find something that works for you and take a step in that direction. Good luck i wont drink with you.
"Sometimes the best thing you can hope to accomplish in a day is to just not drink." - A comment I once heard that carried me through many days.  ..The gym outdoor walks and regular meditation (either with a group or alone) helped me so much early on but there were plenty of days when I'd drive to the gym sit in the parking lot turn around and go home. And you know what? That was enough.  ..A wise old soul on this subreddit told me that AA helped them in the early days of their sobriety. It did for me too...  ..Hang in there. It gets better. 
You've got this! 
Your body will adjust -- just think of it as all the toxins coming out of you down to the cellular level! Hydrate rest be easy on yourself. It gets better... it's true time seems to go slower in the beginning! Then the weeks start adding up before you know it.
The first few days SUCK! BAD! The first few days of sobriety were a living hell for me and the worst by far days of my life. ..It get much much better though. By day eight I was feeling good. ..It WILL get better! You got this!
You're doing amazing pal. I slipped yesterday after 5 days sober and it was the biggest mistake I've ever made. You did the right thing man trust me. Fingers crossed we can get through this. All the best
All I wanna say is you sound like such a fun person and I pray for you to keep on. 
