-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uuge3/drinking_culture/

Hey guys forgive me if this is nonsensical and just all over the place. It's 3 AM and I'm just getting home from being at clubs and my heart is racing and I just need to vent.....*Why do people in clubs find it ok to literally repeatedly grab you and sexually harass you? Why when you say "I'm married" do they say "oh that's ok!"?!..*Why do friends say hurtful things to one another that they'll never be able to take back after a long night out?..*Why does my foot ache from repeatedly being stomped on by others' high heels?..*Why did I have to spend time tonight wiping a drawn on dick on my husband's face tonight?..*Why did I have to push a man and yell in his face tonight to stop grabbing me?..And so much more......Alcohol is the answer to all these questions. Drinking culture is fucking irritating and it's such a sick cycle because when you're sober around it you're like holy shit I need a drink to even DEAL with this crap?!..I'm home now and so happy I didn't drink...struggling to sleep with the adrenaline pumping through my body from all the stuff that totally pissed me off. Thank you guys for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I need a drink to even deal with this crap....resonates but you didn't so good on you....sweet dreams!
As I was reading your list my answer was alcohol. Then you pegged it... for me it's a bit crazy how low my patience is for people that are intoxicated despite how much time I spent being in that state of mind... I was joking with my SO earlier this evening about clubbing. There's no way I can stomach it sober given the fuckery that takes place. The smell of stale booze alone is a bit much to handle. ..I can imagine it being all that harder for a woman as guys generally don't have to deal with getting accosted in the manner you described. That sucks. Glad you made it out without drinking. 
Sounds very tiring.  Good luck!  Congratulations on your sobriety!
Alcohol... the greatest con the world has ever seen 
Why do I have to pass 12 alcohol billboards on my morning commute?
