-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uvwcy/sick_of_relapsing/

Hello everyone. Ive been coming to this sub for over a year now - perhaps longer and I have had a badge for over a year - keep resetting it.   I've had 4 months of 30+ days sobriety - which i'm quite pleased about as I didnt think i would get that far...I had a drink last night as i was in a good mood and thought the booze would help me relax and be happier. Didn't turn out that way as after a drink I could not follow a tv show I was watching as my concentration was gone.  Now today I have a bit of a hangover and feel a bit down...Last time I did sobriety I was sooooo bored. Found a lot of hours in the day to do nothing at all. I have a job I like and i do need to use my brain for it.  last few times I have given up booze my concentration suffered around the 14 days mark and i am worried about it happening again. ..I also get a bit stressed out about thinking that I wont be able to have another drink for the rest of my life. ..Would not miss it if i didn't drink again i'm tired of also being known as someone who likes a drink.  Whenever i do drink - i drink more than anybody else. ..Not sure of the point of the post its just that I am tired of drinking alcohol.  
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I've had a lot of relapses at the 2 week mark too.  Reading Annie Grace's free e-book ''This Naked Mind'' has helped me a lot. Her main point is that in order to have long term success with sobriety you need to change your thinking and realize that alcohol is just nasty and not fun at all. Because you can't crave what you hate. Kind of like nobody craves a bowl of spinach or a glass of vinegar.  So if you continue thinking that alcohol is fun and relaxing you're probably going to keep relapsing. On the other hand if you realize alcohol tastes bad smells bad and only leads to major problems and drama your chances of relapsing are very small because you're not gonna crave something you find nasty. 
Hey thanks for posting. Just wanted to comment as it stood out to me that you said you were so bored; I found that I couldn't stick to sobriety and that switch sort of flipped for me when I started filling allllllll the free time that quitting drinking had left. It was pretty much my only hobby haha so I think that just leaving that gaping hole there was what kept making me fall into it. Anyway just wanted to add my two cents we are all glad you're here &lt;3
