-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uz5jc/starting_tomorrow/

I've decided to attempt to cut down on alcohol and see if I think I should completely quit. ..I've been gaining weight spending lots of money wasting hours being drunk or hungover and I just don't want it anymore. ..I always feel guilty after drinking. I always feel depressed. I'm already struggling with depression and don't think this is helping. ..Starting tomorrow I plan to be sober until Sept 9 when I have tickets to a drinking event. After that drinking event I will decide if I should all together quit or if I feel I can drink moderately. ..Any tips or advice for me? I'm scared I can't do it. My entire social life I feel like revolves around grabbing drinks going to breweries etc. and I think it'll be hard. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't want to drink moderately. I want to get rip roaring wasted. That was the decision I had to make. Sobriety or full on wastedness.
It is hard. In the past giving myself a date when I could plan on drinking again (the holidays for example) only allowed me to rationalize adding it back in sooner and sent me hurtling back into the pattern I was trying to escape. But now I don't really shoot for forever either. I choose not to drink day by day and supplement and nurture that choice with self work healthy habits therapy Refuge Recovery and of course the good people here on SD. Good luck to you! 
It's going to sound awful if you haven't had the thought yourself- but have you considered changing your social life? ..I've only been sober for 2 months and I've stopped hanging out with a lot of people and completely changed my approach to social things. I suggest coffee or food instead of drinks. I don't go to breweries anymore and if I do go to somewhere focused on drinking I go with people whose conversation I can enjoy sober (even if they are drunk)...Turns out a lot of my "friends" were people I had to be drunk to tolerate. My social life is a little reduced now but I get more out of it. I have interesting conversations. I can make morning plans. I have more money to spend on other activities with people. ..Try this plan. If it doesn't work be honest with yourself about why. (In my case: social connections were bad influences and I have no ability to practice moderation with booze it's ALL or NOTHING.)
[removed]
