-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uzddd/feeling_great_until/

Was loving the look of that four in my circle this morning feeling on top of the world not doubting my decision to stop drinking in the slightest. Cut to this afternoon when I was gifted a VERY nice bottle of my favorite kind of wine by the family I was dogsitting for this summer who brought this bottle home from France just for me. I put it in my car and then I drove to a BBQ. I considered bringing it in as a gift to the host but I didn't. Once there everyone around me was drinking. That wasn't necessarily a problem (I'm sick and had no problem sticking to water) but in the back of my mind was the question of whether I would drink this wine eventually. At some point I was surrounded by older colleagues of mine who I greatly respect all cracking open beers and enjoying themselves. These people and the people who gave me the wine are all people I've been modeling my life around for so long who I still want to be like. It's making me think I should just enjoy this wine and stop worrying about my drinking. But of course I know I'll slip back into my old habits. I guess I'm just struggling with having a lack of a sober role model in my profession I can look up to. AGH why couldn't they just give me cookies like last year?!..Edit to add that the urge to say "Hey I did one month! That's good enough!" is also pretty strong right now...
----------immediate responses--------

What if you give it back? I mean in an extremely powerful way like "I want you to know about my struggles and if you could take this back it would help" and maybe they'd be interested in getting some food together or something else?..My question is less of advice but more of 'what if'...
[removed]
[removed]
Sell it lol and treat yourself to a night out. A nice bottle of wine from france has to be worth something right?
Maybe regift it or like someone else said come clean and tell them you are doing without the alcohol and don't want such a fine bottle to go to waste ... especially as they carried it so far to give to you. I'm  sure they'll understand and your conscience may be clear as a result. ..And hey I won't drink with you today!
The anxiety of wondering whether to drink is my clue i shouldn't drink! I've learnt to listen to that voice questioning if this is a good idea. It's usually right to question! 
