-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6v2rub/inspired_by_my_husband/

Hey everyone I'm new (Hi new!) and I'm on my 3rd day of not drinking. ..My husband and I have different struggles with alcohol. He would drink every day and I have been binge drinking at least once weekly and wake up with a killer hangover for oh 15 years. ..He's been sober for like... over 50 days now and at first I thought that it wasn't a big deal for me to keep drinking. I thought that I'd just "be careful" around alcohol and the harmony of our marriage would be maintained. ..Except I'm realllllly bad at "being careful" you guys. And my husband never became angry but did note that when I'm drunk it's like I'm not there and he misses me...YEAH I KNOW. :'(..And then I started thinking about how I'm always up for a challenge and how I've been a little bored with myself lately. You know how after you've been in a relationship for a really long time you start to wonder who you are without that relationship? And the thought of figuring that out is really scary at first but a little exciting and then as you think about it more it eventually becomes way more exciting than it is scary? That's why I've decided to quit drinking...Because honestly I could say that I'll do it for my husband but man I am a little too selfish for that to be sustainable. Sorry not sorry. So I do it for me to have some fun and find out who I am when I'm not relying on alcohol. ..My husband has been a huge inspiration to me in this. He has never guilted me into it I want to be clear about that. But he IS my best friend and now we can share everything. So there's that...I expect I'll start getting weird about hobbies and I expect some cranky times and I expect some weird social situations. But I ALSO expect to remember everything and not have any more weird cringey afterthoughts of something embarrassing I did while drunk. Also is it weird that I want to rub it in my mother's face? To be like "Oh I'm sorry mother I don't drink." I don't know why. Maybe being sober will help me figure that out...High fives everyone! They're free all day.
----------immediate responses--------

 AWESOME! So glad you're here and I love your attitude. I will not drink with you today!!
You can do this I am the same way binge drinker and wake up to "what have I ruined?" That said I took the initiative to stop...and my husband like yours is a continuous drinker and has cut way back to support me. It is such a freeing feeling for me...and I look and feel so much better. I will not drink with you today 
Your story sounds a lot like what me and my wife are going through! If you're anywhere near as incredible a person as she is you'll do fine. ..I read this sub almost every day sometimes all day if I'm having a tough one. It can be immensely helpful. Welcome to the party pal. 
I love how your husband articulated it--not blaming just honest.  His support is going to be so great. ..And as far as rubbing it in your mom's face I say go for it lol. It sounds like a harmless indulgence toward someone who has--just guessing--been a hypercritical voice. At some point you won't care anymore but the fundamental competition that mothers like this set up for their daughters is entrenched and persistent.  And it is honestly not your job to heal it up or transcend it on demand--you have enough on your plate and always have and it will fall away when the time is right for you and you have no use for it anymore.  Sending good vibes!!
