-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6v5gvh/im_thinking_about_alcohol_a_lot_today/

Hi all. I'm on my 14th day. I've been doing really well overall despite some loneliness here and there. I've been keeping busy to keep myself distracted. However at work today I CANNOT stop thinking about alcohol. Not about relapsing really I'm not worried about that I just can't get it off my mind for some reason. Does that happen to you guys? Maybe I'm looking at this sub TOO MUCH and I need to get off of it for a while. It's like my mind is obsessing over it - worried about 'the day' when I decide I can moderate again (I can't). I don't want that day to come.
----------immediate responses--------

If you don't want to moderate then don't pick up that first drink. Moderation is a joke for me - no such thing!!! Take it one day at a time. Eat some ice cream. I will not drink with you today.
Thinking about it a lot today as well but I got shit to do.  I will NOT drink with you today if you NOT drink...or ...you get my point.
When I get these types of thoughts I tell myself a lot of the things about alcohol that Annie Grace has to say in This Naked Mind...That alcohol is refined fuel basically a poison that does more harm to people than they realize that it is cleverly marketed but enhances little to nothing and that it is addictive.  As a non-smoker who smoked a little bit in the past and always quit before getting totally hooked I'm able to tell myself that I never want to smoke.  I'm working on telling myself repeatedly something similar regarding alcohol.  I know it might sound hokey to basically keep telling yourself variants of "alcohol is bad" but it seems to be helping me...I will not drink with you today. 
&gt; Maybe I'm looking at this sub TOO MUCH and I need to get off of it for a while..It's ironic but I've had the same feeling in the past as well. In my experience thinking about not drinking can be a pressure just as strong as wanting to drink like a horseshoe effect. I took some stress off myself by not even lurking the sub for a few days and just avoiding anything to do with alcohol(ads/timeline posts/music).
So far this place seems to help me the most when I share and interact as much as possible (vs reading and not posting) but I'm not even half way to where you've gotten so I don't have much to base it on...All I know right now is I won't be drinking w/you today!
Take one day at a time. Today is hard tomorrow might be better. Hang in there. I won't drink with you today. 
