-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vbflx/day_4_of_a_7_day_taper/

I'm writing this as a means of giving myself one more source of motivation to stick to my taper schedule. I want to be able to follow up tonight and say that I was able to do it...The reason I'm looking to give myself extra ammunition is that today is shaping up to be the hardest day so far. This is the first morning where I've really felt that "being wrapped in a hot blanket of doom" feeling that I usually feel when withdrawal starts really kicking in. Today is also the first day that I have to at least try to go to work and traditionally working has been when I've drank the most and when I've been the least in control of my consumption. The combination of having to work and the "hot blanket of doom" is making this all the harder...I hope to have good news tonight after struggling my way through this. All I'm focused on right now is finishing the day.
----------immediate responses--------

What sorts of rewards can you set out for yourself for getting through the day alcohol free? I've always found this helped me in the early days.
One thing that helped me early on (I had a 70 day go in early summer) is to prioritize not drinking above all else. If that meant I had to go to the movies just not to drink or sit in a room alone or go for a very long walk or turn down a social invitation etc. It was a turning point to say that taking care of myself and my health was THE MOST IMPORTANT THING. ..Also reading Naked Mind *really* helped. ..
Sending courage. I won't drink with you.
Stay strong! You have the strenght to win this battle. I'm sending loads of good thoughts.
Keep your eye on the prize and make it the most important thing in the world. 
Just for the sake of posterity I succeeded yesterday. If you're reading this because you were searching foe tapering now you know that at least one other person made it through a rough day. Today is looking to be much easier.
