-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vd7o4/my_own_worst_enemy/

I'm struggling this week more than I have in a long time. I think it's because for no apparent reason anxiety has been through the roof. I'm really stressed and on edge though nothing much is out of the ordinary. I'm even having nightmares which hasn't happened in quite a while...And drinking was something I always did to cope with feeling bad... So that little voice has been whispering me here and there. On top of the mood swings and irrational dread.  wish it will fuck off. This is the worst ive felt in a long time. ..Luckily I misjudged money this month and have actually minus in the bank for the next ten days. I purposely used my last money to buy a packet of cigarettes so I couldn't be tempted to buy any drink. Normally that kind of temptation is far away from me nowadays but I wasn't sure I would trust my brain this week. Ugh. Apparently being shit at being an adult works in my favour this time...So I'm venting here for some accountability because I feel like shit but you lot at this sub reddit always are good inspiration and helped me keep right so far. Thanks for listening. ..I'm not going to drink today x
----------immediate responses--------

when in situations like this i remember the slogan "this too shall pass." what i'm feeling isn't permanent.  and i also remember that feelings aren't facts.  this is a good one for me when feeling anxiety or impending doom for no apparent reason.   
You have accomplished so much! I'm back on day 5 with my longest stint in the past 2 years being just over a month. ..The regret I feel every time I slip far outweighs the temporary release from anxiety. ..I know that if you've gone that long you can make it through this...I will not drink with you today.
Hang in there and stay strong
Sorry - Thats a tough and stressful situation. You'll get through this.  Youve got plenty of virtual shoulders to cry on here. Hope that helps. ..I won't be drinking with you today!
