-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vegrh/struggling_through_day_2/

Yesterday was day 1 and possibly the most anxiety ridden and stressful of my life. I barely made it through work went home and went to bed and had a restless night. Today I'm feeling better but the thought of pouring a drink when I get home is definitely lurking.. it's been my routine for too about a solid 18 months. I'm dealing with (or numbing) depression anxiety an unhealthy ex coming back into my life and I just want to hide. I am worried about getting into it tonight. I need to start packing for a trip get a good night's rest and be at work bright and early but getting through tonight is a daunting task. ..How do you power through when you're so tired and stressed?
----------immediate responses--------

Reach out to someone.  Preferably an alcoholic.  Just tell them you want to drink.  Do you have someone you can reach out to?
You can do it. Set small goals...When I'm really struggling I tell myself I need to go 10 minutes. When I do that I say if I can go 10 then I can go 20. So on and so forth...I celebrate those victories too. I don't care how small they are. I've written on here before that sometimes when I'm driving home when I'm having a rough day I give myself a pat on the back every time I pass a liquor store without stopping in...You got this! ..I will not drink with you today.
You've got this. Remember that you feel better today than you would have had you drank last night in spite of your restless night. Tomorrow morning you'll be so glad you did even if you feel physically burnt. 
Yes! You've got this!.The first days are hard and I had to find things to distract myself: reading here cleaning watching tv making lists of all the cool things I want to do sober journaling coloring books for adults (don't knock it till ya try it. Very soothing) sobriety podcasts and ice cream! Do not forget ice cream!.What I am trying to say is the first few days are tough but it gets better and easier! .I will not drink with you today!.  
