-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vexv8/rough_times/

I'm having a rough time lately. I've been sober 1.5 years and lurk this sub a lot for inspiration in dark times and bright times. I'm going through a really hard time with my boyfriend not sure if we're going to make it and feeling more and more like I should end things. I had to leave work early today because I could not stop crying. I haven't had to leave work early due to emotional duress since I've been sober so that was a strange feeling. I'm not feeling like I want to drink but thoughts come into my head like "relapsing right now would give me a good distraction I could throw myself back into meetings and the program." I know that's my disease talking and I do not want to throw away my time because of a boy. That would be so much worse. And who knows if I'd even make it back into the rooms! I should get to a meeting but literally tears will not stop falling from my face. I have good sober friends to talk to but they have their own lives/jobs and can't be here for me every second. I just don't know what to do and I'm so so sad. I've never gone through a breakup without drinking. My emotions feel magnified and I feel so pathetic..I just need help from you all I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

The hard part isn't knowing what to do it's doing it...Individual counseling has been a great benefit to me at different times. You can cry through the whole thing! They put tissues out and everything!..It's OK if your relationship doesn't make it. Most days I'm pretty sure my marriage won't but I have come to be OK with that. Shit happens.
Sorry you're sad but we're here for you. I haven't gone through a break up in a long time but I've gone through some hard times in my marriage. Right now things are good on the surface but we have some lingering issues that will come to a head soon. I'm dreading facing this stuff sober but I'll work with my therapist to get through it. I know what you mean about your friends having their own things going on but they might surprise you. Also I haven't done AA but it's my impression that you can go to a meeting anytime no matter how long you've been sober. It sounds like you're on the verge of a stumble and if you find comfort in a meeting then go! hugs
cry your eyes out be compassionate to yourself and try to muster the energy to seek some support. i'm new here but this is a special crew. you will get through this 
