-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vgz17/who_else_got_sober_at_1920_and_could_offer_advice/

After 2-3 years of heavily using alcohol weed and other drugs that exponentially exacerbated existing depression and anxiety I decided to get sober at 19 before my junior year of college. I actually got 6 months sober and it was such a joyous period of my life (especially because I had a change of faith to inspire me and get through that). I eventually relapsed and spent another 7-8 months indulging hard and almost getting sent to the hospital. Now I am hoping to get sober for the last time at age 20. I am currently 4 days in. It's just so damn difficult being young because NO ONE really supports it. It is just so socially acceptable and encouraged being so young. My childhood friends think I'm overreacting and would prefer if I just have fun with them and even my parents and brother think I'm making too big of a deal. My roommates party hard. I'm at an age where it feels devastatingly lonely and unusual to be completely sober. Any advice would be wonderful.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man I know it's easier said than done but stick to your guns. If you need to find new friends that support you seek and you shall find. If it's what you want and what makes you happy and feeling your best then there is nothing in the world worth giving that up for. Not friends not your mom's or brother's approval nothing. Decide what's best for you no matter how hard it is and chase that reality. Lean in on your faith.  It will get you through tougher times than these. And NEVER hesitate to seek community and ask for support. You are heard you are valued and you are supported.
I'm 21 and sober for 12 days whoo hoo! I've been partying a lot since I was 15 around 16 I knew I had a problem (it doesn't take long to see a problem) I've tried to quit 6 times including this time which hopefully sticks! But I get it dude most everyone in my life thinks I'll jump of the wagon soon and be back to just sitting around with them every day getting drunk and high. I mean I still smoke pot mostly by myself right before bed. But I don't let it consume me. And with alcohol I just have no choice if I drink it consumes me and I don't stop. Do what you have to do! Fuck them all for not supporting you if they won't then find some people who will. I mean keep your friends and family of course but find friends that you can talk to about sobriety and that you can partake in sober activities with! ..Good for you for realizing your problem at such a young age you are saving yourself from pain and heartache in the future and you really aren't missing out anything 
That's tough. You can run with the crowd or be an independent thinker. Independent thinkers are special they're strong and stand up for who they are and what they believe in. You seem to me to be one of those people and at 20 that's stupendous. You know in your gut what's right for you. So it may take some thick skin settle into being the "quirky" and wear that smile with pride. By the way just sayin nothing more attractive than an independent thinker so there's a bonus you'd not thought about! ..Good luck to you 
Just remember it's socially acceptable and encouraged because it has been marketed that way for decades. Unfortunately you still have to deal with the pressure of it all. I 'kind of' knew I had a problem in my early 20s but kept drinking to be normal. I have since trashed my career relationships and health. There is no getting around the reality that alcohol is a poison. If I could go back in time I would keep a journal and record the cause-effect of drinking on my life so I could clearly see downward trend and the ridiculous rinse-and-repeat cycle of my drinking.
Hey there I'm a few years older but I can relate. I got sober at 23. It doesn't really matter what age you are you will come across people from all ages who think alcohol is not the problem. Luckily for me most of my friends don't seem to care. My mother thinks I'm overreacting but of course she is an alcoholic. People will eventually come around to you not drinking. If they don't you may have to face the fact that you need new friends. A real friend is supportive and will want the best for you. There are so many sober activities you can do. Good luck xx
I'm older but there is still not support for quitting drinking. Just imagine what a advantage you will have being sober so young. You'll be one of the small percentage in your generation with no brain damage a healthy body and being able to manage emotions. I have noticed when we are trying to do something to better our selves friends will even try to drag you down ( Google crabs in a bucket).
I wish I had made the decision not to drink when I was in my 20s. Stay strong and be the rebel!  I will not drink with you today. 
I felt compelled to respond even though i did not get sober until the age of 37. I started drinking at 20. The fact that you realize you have a problem and need to do something about it makes you very fortunate. Should you be successful at quitting you will save yourself years and possibly decades of misery. 
I'm 22 what worked for me is even though I went sober I've still been going to bars and clubs with my friends and haven't let my sobriety stop me from having a social life. The first few times were hard but after a while I started to enjoy going out sober and have fun doing so. Just keep at being sober it has such good rewards and in all honesty it does get easier. 
23. I'm 99 days clean going through a divorce with the love of my life. You don't need your friends to validate your sobriety you want to be sober for you stay sober go to meetings and work on yourself and you will find and connect with people that understand your struggle and when you start working on yourself and start making progress people will notice and you will attract people to who you really are and you will start to connect with yourself and the people who the new you attracts. It is worth it you are worth the amazing possibilities that being sober brings with it. Do this for you. You are worth it you can do it and you don't need a drink or drug to get through the day
