-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vimlo/documentaries_about_alcoholism_dangerous_triggers/

I had a few documentaries about alcoholism and drug addiction in my recommended videos on YouTube (YouTube trolling me after seeing I've watched videos about recovery) in which various people's lives are followed documenting their alcohol abuse and struggle with recovery...It got me thinking what is the general consensus amongst recovery organisations AA etc about exposing oneself to this sort of material? On the one hand watching them made me see the horrors of alcoholism and scared me into knowing that I've had the right decision but at the same time there were moments in the documentary that almost made me romanticise alcohol. Is there a general stance on this and if so what is it?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Interesting question. Following so I can see the responses.
My own reasons for avoiding this sort of thing is that for the most part the intervention and rehab type shows tend to be really sensationalist and exploitive focusing on the drama and rock bottoms rather than actually caring about the individuals. 
There are a wide range. Many focus on end-stage alcoholism but there are some relevant to my situation that I found informative. 
Awesome question.  I don't know what the general consensus in the recovery community is but I do know for myself I used to watch many of them while I was active in my alcoholism.  On some level I was looking for inspiration to quit on another level I was looking for excuses to continue because I never was as badly off as the subjects were.  Just my alcoholic brain being a jumbled mess of craziness!  Cunning baffling &amp; all that jazz...Now with a bit of sobriety behind me I can watch them and I just feel empathy for the subjects.  Not once have I felt like they were causing me to romanticize alcohol.  That said I don't watch many only when one is recommended on this sub.  Perhaps still being early in recovery &amp; trying to put my life back together each miniscule piece at a time I'm not at a point where I can romanticize alcohol.  I may also not be strong enough to witness someone else's trainwreck when mine is still so fresh to me?  I don't know.  Mixed feelings I guess?  I won't be drinking with you today. 
I watch them every once and a while to fuel my morbid curiosity.  It's weird to watch a documentary about a topic your intimately familiar with.  Sometimes they'll be a bit of a trigger but I'm always able to take a step back and acknowledge it objectively.  I also second the notion that they are in large part sensationalized. 
