-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vn93v/im_not_sure_where_to_begin/

I'm a longtime lurker of this subreddit. I suppose I've known that I have to quit drinking for a long time now. I feel like I've gotten myself into a really dark place over the years. It all started out harmless - I was always known as the guy that got the party started - always smiling and laughing and the life of the party. All my friends have funny stories about things that I've done or said while I was drinking. It was all harmless it seemed. I never thought of myself as having a problem. I thought that I was doing what everyone did in their teens and 20s. But the drinking never slowed down it just got worse. Now I'm 28 and I feel like I can't stop. Every time I go to a social gathering it revolves around alcohol and people have begun to take notice of my problem. They all have an off switch. They all grew up. They can drink responsibly. I never could.. Someone I care for deeply reached out to me and asked me to get help.. I left a bar we were at for an engagement party. I was drunk and angry at myself. I thought it was better to leave than make a scene. I feel ashamed and embarrassed now because she has truly seen me for what I am. A drunk. I feel like since I cant control myself - every time I see my friends I am doomed to relapse. I get so angry and bitter and hateful when I drink now. I'm not the same person that my friends and family know me as because ive hid it so well over the years... This has led me to isolating myself from the people I care about and it feels pretty awful being alone all the time. I'm hoping by being active on this subreddit maybe I wont feel so alone in trying to be sober. That maybe ill make it more then a week without relapsing this time.. I hope that one day when I'm stronger ill be able to go out with friends and not drink... I don't want to wake up regretting something ive said or done anymore. I don't want to feel ashamed anymore. I want my life back and to be happy again. Today was my 4th day without drinking and its been hell.. Sorry for the rambling and if this doesn't make sense... It just feels really good to finally get this all off my chest. Thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong brother. Just remember to take it all one day at a time. Every day without alcohol is one step between that old hateful person and the new and better you. 
Welcome. Glad you are here. You are not alone. 
You can do this and you are not alone.  nibble on some chocolate it actually helps.  Remember that life gets ALOT better when you are sober.  I found myself that I had to busy myself in order not to drink.  I bought Sudoku puzzles crosswords....etc.  I made a list of things around the house that needed attention (painting reorganization) and actually focused in on them keeping my mind busy.  Everyone is here for you.  I will not drink with you today!.
You can do this because you ARE doing this! Every day is a little different. We're not used to feeling everything all the time because we always had that ace in the hole to escape with...For better or worse here we are dealing with the feelings emotions reverberations repercussions and results from when we chose to put off being adults and dealing with our problems head on...We need to be stronger than everyone else. We have so much more in front of us than they do and it might feel a little overwhelming but YOU'RE DOING THIS. Day 4! Fuck!..You did stuff. We all have. And going forward you're giving yourself the same support you've given your friends. They care about you and will be NOTHING but happy that you're changing your life for the better...Do you feel comfortable talking with one of those friends about what you're starting to do? I bet that he or she will be super happy to hear that you're taking care of yourself no judgements no shame. And now you've got someone that you can trust to have your back even just by being there next time you're in a social situation and have choices to make...AA or other meetings might be a good tool for you. It's a hard thing to undertake alone and there's not a lot of us around to be 100% open with. Have you considered AA/NA/SMART?..I will not drink with you tonight!
The only way out is through. I'll go with you. Let's not drink today.
Day 4!! Good for you! I have my dark moments too but am finding that even my worst day so far sober has been way better than my best day drinking. Working out how to manage the "cleva voices" when they try to tell me I can handle drinking again (I can't - tried a million times over the years moderation is just not in my drinking DNA) and working on a brand spanking new chapter in the book of my life. You can do this! Hang out here someone is always around there are always others who could lend an ear or could use someone to lend them an ear. Coming here has helped me over some of the first rough spots and maybe we can help you too! 
Hey wow didn't realize till the end that you're on day 4. That's amazing! The first days for me were the toughest and where I usually caved so that's amazing great work...I posted this before but I always thought that when I turned 30 it would magically fix itself... it didn't haha. And even though it's never cute being falling down drunk it wasn't so bad at 21. At 32 it's gross :/ and I've isolated myself a little bit in my sobriety (maybe even more than when I was drinking) as I get used to a new lifestyle but that's okay slowly I'm getting more social...We are all here to help support you. Thanks for posting &lt;3
Thank you all for the support. I really appreciate it
