-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vt7o0/i_drink_so_much_water_nowadays_lol/

Going out in bars or something I drink so much water it's crazy. I've started to buy something as opposed to the free water because that way I'm more likely to nurse it a bit more instead of just gulping down water by the pint all the time. But I just think this is kind of an interesting sign of how insidious this shit can be - much like smoking often I find myself craving sometimes even more than the actual chemical effect the whole thing with holding a cold beer in my hand and drinking it so in situations where drinking happens I find myself out of place without some kind of a drink in my hand and a lot of my relapses have happened through not really wanting to get drunk but because not having a beer made me feel so awkward and drinking something else felt like making a statement - which it really shouldn't be...Just these little things make me amazed how much shit there is to unpack when quitting drinking. But I'll have to say the kick I got today getting out of work and cracking open a cold one - of ginger beer variety - made me feel now just as good as I used to with actual beer. So much of it all is just weird mind games shit and thinking it would be somehow worth it but it's really not.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I know the feeling.  I drink club soda when I'm out and I can go through like 5 or 6 of things just because it's there.  I don't drink that much when I run.
It is remarkable how insidious these social "norms" can be.  I also feel totally naked in a social gathering if I don't have a drink in my hand and not just for the alcohol but the need to physically have a thing in my hand. Hell I've never been a smoker and I've had weird moments when I felt like I felt like I should be holding a cigarette. There are cues all around us that this is how we *should* be doing things and we pick up on them without even realizing it. ..When I was pregnant with my first kid I remember asking bartenders for a seltzer but emphatically requesting that they put it in a rocks glass with lime so it *felt* like a cocktail. Like I was fine with not drinking alcohol but damn if I didn't want people to think I (pregnant lady) was drinking alcohol? It doesn't make any sense logically. I think sometimes we're attached to the *activity* of drinking as much as the alcohol itself. 
Huh.  Lots to unpack.  Have you taken the 12 minute knock-off of Meyers-Briggs personality test?  It comes up on top in a search.  It was so helpful to me to discover my personality type. So many pennies dropped. The odds are no one cares what anyone else is doing.  Most people are too wrapped up in their own worries to worry what you are doing unless they are a real busy body.  I won't drink with you today.
