-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vto50/i_am_struggling_like_whoa_right_now/

Like. WHOA...Today marks 3 consecutive days intentionally sober from booze alcohol and binge eating which is the most I've had in several months. I gave in to the call of porn and masturbation last night (I'm also a.NoFapper as a long-time self-identifying sex addict) but in general I'm on the right track...I'm feeling so tempted right now. I had a pleasant day got to leave work early had some fortunate news about some car issues I've been having and am looking forward to a brief family vacation for the next three days. I'm definitely in that place where I'm doing well feeling good and happy and my mind instantly thinks "Life is awesome! Let's celebrate - with booze and weed and sex!"..I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to do those things right now. I do - I want to do them. But I don't want the negative consequences that inevitably come with them. I want to believe I can indulge "just this once" and maintain a sense of moderation but I NEVER do that. Ever. At some point or another I always keep going until I can't go any further. I'm sick of being plagued being cursed by these awful immobilizing urges and cravings. I wish this were easier but I know it can't be and that pushing through will mean finding something so much better on the other side. Still it sucks...So r/SD: little halp?
----------immediate responses--------

Man that is a lot of stuff to tackle simultaneously. You should really consider talking to a therapist. 
It sounds like you're giving up all of your go-to coping mechanisms all at once.  I'm not surprised that you're having trouble.  Is there anything healthy you find soothing that you could do to fill that vacuum?  An exercise class maybe?  
Yeah that's a pretty spot-on assessment. I've been down this road before; I have lots of concurring addictions that shift rank over time. Giving some but not all up has never really been successful endeavor for me; I tend to have better luck when I simply try to get sober period...I do exercise a fair bit (3-5 times/week). I think I'm gonna go for a run later but I'm worried about later tonight when it's me at home by myself tempted by weed and booze.
But you had a good day life is awesome good news about the car... all this happened without alcohol... will tomorrow be this good if you drink today?
Play the tape forward. How will you feel tomorrow if you make bad choices tonight?
Yep. Too much too fast. Cold turkey on what is basically your entire lifestyle is not sustainable. ..I quit drinking first. Then I got off my meds (NOT saying you should or anyone should this was my choice). Then I quit smoking cigarettes. Next I will lower my sugar intake. But for now if I want a drink or a smoke I go for the tastiest dessert or soda I can get my hands on. 
Okay my $0.02 here.....It looks to me like you've got the good strong start. Acknowledging the problem is the beginning to resolving the problem. Why else would we do therapy/meetings/this-sub-reddit/etc if we didn't right?..The loss of control after the first drink/toke/fap/whatever is a given it's a matter of that first thing. We do that first thing because of some seemingly benign reason like celebrating a success. And for someone in the situation you describe every day is a success...The temptation is really the thing to understand. In my experience there's always *something* under that temptation that makes us want to pick up. Somewhere deep down we hate ourselves feel empty desperately want something whatever... it's a matter of finding those underlying reasons that drive the temptation because that's why we drink. My sponsor calls it "peeling back the onion" because there are always layers on top of the real stinky mess in the middle of it all. Those who stay sober for years really find out how to deal with those underlying things. AA and CBT provide techniques and frameworks for doing this...Until that level of deep self-discovery comes into play it's a matter of dealing with the surprise feelings that rise up daily and trying to build new habits around them...For me staying sober daily is as routine as drinking water. I forget to do it get parched then drink a big glass of water or two or five until I'm no longer parched. Similarly I'll get mentally or emotionally spun up around something stupid. I then realize it acknowledge it and go back to my routine of attending AA meetings and chatting in this forum. Just like water keeps me alive and healthy so does the routine of staying connected to other sobernauts...Just keep coming back here. If you do AA go there. If you do any other sort of recovery program keep doing it. Eventually it becomes second-nature-ish and the habit takes over.
