-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vub5v/rock_bottom_i_think_so/

I've been drinking since I was about 15. I'm now 30 and like most people "I don't have a problem." Well I kind of think I do. I've been struggling with some things lately and last Saturday night was particularly rough. I ended up drinking a bottle and a half of wine with very little food in my stomach. I wake up for work the following day and I know I fucked up. I'm able to choke down half a banana before I have to leave. Thirty minutes after I arrive to work I'm ducking into a small back room to vomit. I've never felt so embarrassed or disgusted with myself. I continued to vomit and dry heave for about 3 hours a few times so hard that I pretty much pee my pants. I felt disappointed that I did that to my body and that I let my co-worker down because I was nowhere near 100%. I haven't had a drink since and I haven't wanted one either. I will not be drinking with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

well the good news is you don't have to be there again because you don't have to drink again...I'd forgotten about puking so hard I peed myself. I do not miss it. 
Do your best and stay positive try to remember everyone has a "day 1" (day 2 for me personally after being sober for months). Alcohol can be a monster that distracts you from accomplishing your goals and reaching your potential. Best of luck to you.
Well wasn't that fun? I did some math last year - four hours of fun vs. 24 hours of shit. Didn't make sense to me. ..I wish you so much more life in sobriety.
I read This Naked Mind - game changer !!!
I don't even know how you made it to work.  I have definitely vomited to the point of peeing on myself.  ..One of my friends had the day after runs and she sharted herself at work.  I had a change of clothes in the back of my car that I loaned her and those clothes were not clean but better than those she used as a diaper.  I bought her a bottle of water and paper towels to the bathroom stall so she could clean herself up.  She's lucky she had her cell phone in the bathroom with her and she was able to call for help...She's still drinking.
Welcome aboard!  I won't drink with you today.
Also 30 and realizes I had the same problem. I'm proud of you for starting this journey and know you are going to crush it!
I'm so with you. It was always when I had my head in the toilet the morning after when I'd feel the most ashamed. Isn't it awesome and freeing to think that we literally NEVER have to do that again?! (barring flu/food poisoning/morning sickness lol)
I wont be drinking with you either. its just not worth it
