-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vvj25/sober_spider/

There is an Orbweaver spider outside my kitchen this season.  Her web takes up my whole window.  Every morning she eats the entire structure and rebuilds the whole beautiful thing...I feel as though that has been what I have been doing for the past 100 days.  I have celebrated the milestones because I am learning to take up space but I know the milestones are only single serving representations of the day to day miracle that is meeting each moment with a working heart and an open mind...In 100 days of rebuilding my web every day I have fallen in love with my husband again I have had over 100 amazing conversations with my 3 year old I have faced funerals and therapy appointments and barbeques.  I have cried for days become obsessed with Yoga and Game of Thrones and am applying for college next fall at the ripe age of 37.  I feel emptied out and filled back up and emptied out again.  ..7 years ago I lost my best friend to complications of Alcohol Withdrawal.  We were bartenders and roommates together throughout our twenties.  I got married and moved out from behind the plank and he did not.  His mom alludes to this day that I was lucky I got out alive and I suppose I am.  Still it has taken me 7 years to identify the same shadow in my own life how it still creeped in the form of "mom juice" wine glasses girls' nights out and stitch n bitch fuel.  ..My son was recently diagnosed with Osteogenesis imperfecta (Brittle Bone Disease).  We found out something was wrong because as a baby he continually fractured his spine and broke his ankles he didn't walk until he was 2.  I fought so hard to be heard by doctors I fought so hard to meet the suspicious gazes of other mothers I fought so hard to be hopeful we would be able to help my kid.  Somewhere in that fight I turned to the wrong sidekick- the Mom Juice ole' nostalgia in a bottle.  And by his 3rd Birthday I knew I needed to fight without alcohol as my sidekick without alcohol in the picture at all.  I was tired all the time impatient sick...I felt like I didn't even know who I was as a mom- as a person.  I struggled through a spotty month or two but didn't put in the work and found myself back in an unhappy pattern over the spring. ..My son is a Virgo he will be 4 soon.  I will have over 100 days on his Birthday.  Last weekend he broke his ankle (again) and while it's a crappy thing I was capable and we are cruising through it with the healthy support we have in place.  (He thinks his special boot makes him look like Cyborg so that helps morale.)  We cook a lot together now he wants to make a Batman cake for his Birthday and the very thought of it- making a Batman cake with my child unhindered by hangover or alcohol in any way fills me with such gratitude.  Absolute and almost unbearable gratitude the kind that empties you out and fills you up and empties you out again...So each day I will continue to tear down and rebuild my web.  Because today is the only day that counts...I will not drink with you fine folk.  Thank you for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

This is lovely!  Congrats to you and 100 days.  Way to be there for your son.  It's rewarding all around.  ..And just so you know being a little older than a lot of the students at college is actually awesome.  It gives one an immense advantage.  I found it ever so much easier to do well in school to get what I wanted out of it even with kids because I was there because I really wanted to be and I wasn't distracted by the usual college dramas like parties and romance. ..You're doing great!
Here you are. I will not drink with you.
I really really needed to hear this. It really is about tearing down your web and building it back up one day at a time. Thank you so much. I will not drink with you today. 
What a beautiful metaphor.  I will remember to build up my web after I tear it down everyday.  Way to hang tough with a tough situation.  I  won't drink with you today.
You should definitely write more if you don't already.  Very moving.
That is a fantastic story. Thank you.
Thank you this is beautiful to read you are brave &amp; courageous and I am grateful that you are here :) Congratulations not just on the 100 days but for how you are now living your whole life :)
Beautiful...congrats! 
It's already been said but it's truly beautiful to read and you are brave. I admire your devotion to your children. It's such a bittersweet reality that the smallest moments with your kids have the biggest impact on your life. Moments that are taken for granted when one is drunk followed by a day full of hangover guilt and tears. Your post gives me hope. Anyway you got me thinking about my children and it makes my heart smile. Thank you for that and I wish you and your family the best....Day 5..No drinks not today. 
This was a really great thing to read today. Thank you!!
I don't know you but I'm so proud of you! Definitely keep writing. That was beautiful. 
I love how perceptive you are and how well you convey it to us. A very moving post thank you for sharing :).No drinking for us today! 
Huge Congrats on 1-0-0! :) And what an awesome post! Thank you! And of course I will not drink with you today!
Ay you're making me tear up and i can't afford to do that because my eyes are already puffy! Damn you! .I hope your son has a wonderful birthday with you! 
Thank you so much for sharing this. I will not drink with you today.
This is such a cool post thanks for this! I like the way you think. :)
Congratulations on the return to school! I'm getting my head back into the books this coming September and I'm very much excited for it. We're not dissimilar in age I reckon it's a great time in life to be doing it :-)
You've helped a lot of people today Source.  Thank you.
A lot of wisdom here. Thank you. :)
That was beautiful and really made my morning. Thank you and congrats on 100! I won't drink with you today 
I am new here and this was an amazing analogy.    Congrats on the 100 days and sharing your story.  Will not drink with you.   Thanks.  
I am so happy you are able to spend such wonderful moments with your son. I hope his Batman cake is delicious and his birthday is terrific!..Thank you for sharing with us. I will not drink with you today.
Beautiful just beautiful.  Thank you for sharing.
Hey congrats on 100 days! That's huge! 
&gt;I feel emptied out and filled back up and emptied out again.So beautifully written and spot on.  Congratulations on 100!!  You're an inspiration today I wont drink with you!
Beautiful analogy and lovely post congrats to you for this amazing transformation. I will not drink with you today!
This was really beautiful. I'm so glad to hear of your strength..
Thank you. If I stay at this I too shall have just over 100 days for my daughter's 4th birthday. 
Man this is so beautifully written. You're right; every day is a miracle. Hello from one 37-year-old mother to another. &lt;3
