-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6w33s9/i_suddenly_hate_alcohol/

This is a blessing but I'm confused about it. I am a recovering alcoholic and I have always relapsed. This time is different I literally detest anything alcohol related the idea of drinking anything makes me sick and it's the last thing I want to do. Usually I would have relapsed by now due to craving it so bad so I can't figure out why this time is different. No complaints though I've been wanting to be and stay sober for such a long time...Does anyone know what could have changed? 
----------immediate responses--------

Just finally sickened yourself. I feel the same way and it's made it a lot easier for me to stay sober. I have no temptation any more. 
Whenever I had bad cravings I learned to tell myself that this too shall pass. Whenever I was repulsed by alcohol I learned to tell myself that this too shall pass. Today I don't feel much about it one way or the other. But if I stop doing what I did to get sober this too will pass.
Yeah I'm with you on this. In the past when I tried to quit I resented it deep down and felt like I was depriving myself. This time I feel relief from the deep shame and horrible anxiety that ruled my waking hours. I definitely do not have anything even remotely resembling a desire to drink. I also feel a considerable amount of anger towards the addiction. I won't let it consume me because I know where that leads but... It took decades from me. I hated who I became and I found no joy in life anymore. I can say that I honestly to the core of my being have zero desire to touch the poison again. I've even cut off contact with long-term drinking buddies not just by going silent but telling them I needed to move on and that I would not be back. Fuck drinking. It's our turn now. I won't drink with you today.
As strange as this sounds we make subconscious decisions based on quality. Something in your brain or body tipped to a point where the quality of your life became better without the prospect of drinking alcohol...better by a long way...It happened to me and I couldn't stop second-guessing my subconscious like somehow my obsessions and addictions were more trustworthy. Trust your subconscious shift. It means something. 
Watching my friends take shots now is just like ... omg ... that's so gross. 
I'm still very early in but I've only had a few very brief occasions where I've even been mildly tempted. The withdrawal's been tough much harder than expected and that's given me a lot of motivation to steer clear.
I don't hate it but i am repulsed by the smell of it on people. Even my lovely partner smells like a bar mat 15 minutes after he drinks a beer. Something about the way it's metabolised turns it sweet and stale. Its funny that I never noticed it before. 
You've got this babe! I am so very proud of how far you've come!! No matter what happens i'll be by your side!!
