-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6w4fha/new_here_scared_to_go_to_aa_but_i_know_i_have_to/

Hi people I'm 25 and from the UK. I've been sober only 14 days. ..The only current support I have is my ex boyfriend I have been isolating myself because I'm scared of being around drunk people and going to bars or clubs the reality is I'm not strong enough to do that at the moment. I either want to run or join them it's not nice. ..For those of you that don't know drinking culture in the UK is quite shocking.. I'm scared of losing friends because of this....I know I need more friends and support to do this but I have massive anxiety about entering new situations I always think people are judging me physically and mentally this caused huge anxiety that I'd hide with a smile and a drink. ..**Can you guys please help by telling me what I can expect from the meetings? I have to admit to myself that solitude makes me more likely to relapse**..Thank you in advance 
----------immediate responses--------

You can expect people to overwhelmingly welcoming. The 12th step of AA is to briefly summarize to help other alcoholics and it's arguably the entire "point" of the program. Every meeting is different though so if you feel put off don't give up on AA as a whole. I think you'll find it very refreshing to be in a roomful of people who completely understand your problem and in a lot of cases have had it much worse but weathered the storm and came out on top...Often times if you give off the "noob" vibe or people who often go to a group just don't recognize you you can expect to be approached with phone numbers/contact info. My #1 piece of advice is not to rush out of there when the meeting is over. Get those numbers save them and use them. If you're worried about losing your friends you just found 2 or 3 more...As someone who HAS lost a lot of friends as a result of his alcoholism I know it will be incredibly nervewracking. Just push through the anxiety and it will pass.
I've been going to meetings for three years in the UK. I can say without doubt you'll be welcomed and not pushed into anything. Mostly you'll be with like minded people whose only desire is helping. You will definitely find out who your friends are though and realise some were just there for the ride. AA is a daunting prospect I know but keeping on with booze can and will only get worse. Good luck to you.
You'll always be welcomed but you will find you fit at some meetings better than others. I'm pretty introverted so it's taken me to now to really start having convos with people....but if you can stick with it the payoff is real
Taking my first step into an AA meeting was going to be the most humiliating experience of my life - so I thought...It ended up being the best thing I ever did. I have shopped around to find a few meetings that really click with me and I'd say more but I don't want to be late for my Saturday at Seven meeting. Wishing you success on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
14 days is huge!  Congrats. I don't have any AA experience (a few meetings here and there but nothing consistent) but I can say that 14 days is a wonderful achievement 
I'm a really socially anxious person I hate walking into new situations but the first time I went to AA was surprising easy. If it's a big meeting you could find a seat at the back and just sit and listen and get a feel for what the vibe is like. If it's a small meeting it's likely people will come to talk to you but their always really friendly and just seem glad to see you there. You won't be forced to speak. They'll get you a cup of tea and a biscuit and you can just sit and listen to the share story. You'll be glad you went! 
You will find that there is absolutely no judging in an AA meeting. Everyone there is suffering the same "malady" and had their first meeting at one point. You will be welcomed I guarantee it. Also you will have the choice to talk as much or as little as you like. You don't have to participate; you can listen or speak. So don't feel like you have to go there and contribute or "do" or "be" anything. Feel free to sponge up what help and support you can at first. Everyone in that room knows what it's like to get started with sobriety and meetings. AND if you feel like you're the worst alcoholic with the more abhorrent story you won't be. Give it a try if you like but remember you don't "have" to go to AA. But it's a great tool that is readily available so it's worth a look. Good luck.
