-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wbh74/made_it_to_day_6_somehow/

I just wanted to check in and say I made it to day 6. I'm still struggling time seems to be moving really slowly it already feels like I'm on day 10. I'm still a bit depressed that is probably why the last few days have been so tough. I had a dinner party last night and I didn't drink. I'm still functioning but the depression is getting worse I feel numb and am hurting a lot. I feel alone even though I know I have lots of people that are behind me and can support me. However none of them have bipolar or have an alcohol problem. Anyway one day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey theiaa missed you in irc!! I'm so sorry its been so difficult for you I wish I had something magical to say to help.....I will say that you've done great to make it to day 6 the first week(s) are so tough emotionally I know this I'm well practised at it!..You've done the right thing posting here I'm behind you and support you and so is everyone else here much love and a big hug xx
The first week or so your mind tries its hardest to get you to drink again don't give in. The pain is a part of the process of quitting drinking but just give it some time and things will get easier. You're not alone you've this subreddit now we'll always be interested in what you've got to say and we're here for you. 
You're here!  I've been worried and missed you. Congratulations on day 6. I'm sorry you're down :( I know it's really awful and you keep tackling it with such courage. ..All the hugs. Come back to the IRC any time... we miss you. If you're better off staying sober away from there though of course I understand. Reach out any time my friend &lt;3..So much love - Talie
Congratulations on 6 days! I'm so happy that you're here and striving for sobriety :)..I'm sorry to hear the depression is tough - it _can_ get better. So many zen hugs. Keep going!
Hang in there Theiaa. You aren't alone. We're all rooting for you and I know it's hard but you can do this. Good on you for checking in. Day 6 is a real achievement when you are going through all that you've been going through! If you ever need somebody to talk to let me know. You aren't alone. 
Glad to here u made it to day 6 i understand things can be hard and that time does feel slow. I may not be bipolar but i am with u with the depression. I no how depression feels and i am struggling with it myself. Most days i feel like i should sleep and never wake up. I hope u can get the help u need. I hope to see u in the chat soon. Get better soon. I wish u luck.
