-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wbtyk/sunday_morning_thoughts_after_4_days/

Hi SD- was spending some time reflecting on my first 4 days this morning and just wanted to share some thoughts in hopes it could help someone else who is on the fence about getting sober...1- Life becomes so much easier when you only focus on today. I honestly say this mentality is responsible for 99.9% of my success for the first 4 days. In failed attempts of the past I would constantly worry about how to make it through the weekend holidays  birthdays work functions etc which would make me feel hopeless. Now that I've adopted the one day at a time approach it is so much easier to decide not to drink today. Knowing that come my birthday if I wake up and decide I want to drink then I can. It gives me freedom to focus on today which relieves a lot of rhe anxiety of getting sober. ..2- Health benefits and added time - Sure I felt (and am still feeling) some withdrawal symptoms but I can already feel a sense of mental alertness and clarity. I expect this will continue to improve as the days go on and the body heals. Additionally I never realized how many hours there are in a day. Wow so much time for activities and chores when you're sober.These health benefits and new hobbies are also major motivators in making the decision to not drink each morning. ..3- You are worth it. If you're on the fence about recovery please know that you are worth it. Take the leap and go for it. This subreddit is full of brothers and sisters who will love and embrace your struggles and your triumphs. Remember there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Even if that light is just a pin point size of light that is flickering it is there. And if you start down the tunnel the light will grow into a beacon ray of hope. Your body can heal relationships can mend you can land that new job but first you have to start down the tunnel. ..I wish you all a happy and safe Sunday. Thank you to SD for all your love and support. You guys are the best. I know the devil is lurking near but for today I will not be drinking with you. 
----------immediate responses--------

The mental clarity thing took me by complete surprise as did the hours in the day...A typical evening was playing mind-numbing games that when sober hold almost zero interest for me. Also I find that I naturally want to go to bed to sleep. None of these staying up till 1 am or later on a work evening...I will not drink today 
Good for you. One day at a time and today is going to be great.
ODAT !!..I'm living in the present.
You can do it! Once I hit about 1 week of no alcohol I'd wake up feeling so much more alert. Now I listen to podcasts on my commute instead of music because I just want to learn and think more in the morning. I love mornings now. When it hits lunchtime sometimes I get a little pissed that my day is halfway over haha!
Congrats on 4 days. It gets better and better.  Although I show 11 days I've had almost all quarter sober and a better half of a year or more and it feels good.  Sleep rocks and I've lost 18 pounds easily and saved a butt load of money.
I've been on the fence. Your post really speaks to me. I will not drink today.
