-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wgpp0/just_venting_its_hard_to_imagine_a_life_without/

I guess I wondered if I had an alcohol problem but I think struggling to imagine my life without it is a good indicator.  Fuck I'm like 21 and still in college at a big party university so what am I going to do?  I'm also a skateboarder which is really really good for me except the culture surrounding skateboarding isn't typically associated with sobriety... I'm so worried about not being able to do things I was able to do... and the future... no alcohol seems like no color. Also... 21? Young to be abusing alcohol it's kind of embarrassing - sorry just venting here
----------immediate responses--------

There are some 21 year olds in the AA group that I attend some of them are students one's an athlete and this is a big college town...I knew by the age of 19 or 20 that I was at least a problem drinker and that I had great difficulty controlling it once I started drinking.  I wish that I had started building my sober life back then...One of the 21 year olds said something to a relatively newcomer today - you're just going to have to accept hanging out with a little bit older crowd -  Other than that they don't drink these young guys are high energy and a trip to be around...You will make friends with other young / relatively young people living their lives sober...
Remember when it was hard to imagine life without people making fun of you back in grade school? Or when you couldn't imagine actually driving a car in middle school?..I'm not going to say it's a good thing you're drinking in school but most of us here appreciate the lack of alcohol in our lives only after it being a large part of those lives for a long time...I am glad you have an awareness of what's going on around you and that you can make your own choices. If I was to give advice to myself 15 years ago it was that even in situations involving massive drinking people highly respect the person that chooses not to...Choosing your own direction and executing on it is confidence and confidence is the most attractive quality.
.To me it was/is kind of a heartbreak to realize that I can't drink like my friends. But considering the effects on your life it's never too early to discover this. And - as a 40+ ex skater I'll give you a serious encouragement: The best skaters I've ever met all quit drinking early. All is fun and games in the 20s less so in the 30s and not at all in the 40s.
Hey man I'm 22. I totally get it. How can I be 22 not even two years to be old enough to purchase alcohol and have a problem? .Its hard because it's our age. It's every where. I've found finding a good AA group and there are some "young people" groups out there too. The more I've looked the more if found people who don't drink. Whether because it's an issue or not. Take it a day at a time and it works itself out. Also I rollerblade so if you want to call me a fruit booter you can ;) best of luck try to stay positive but don't get down if you can't. 
I realized I was an alcoholic at the age of 20. Went to AA for a month after bad shit went down. Went there for a month. Felt great. One day I skipped a meeting. I never returned. Continued not drinking for about a month. I was going out with my friends and everything just not drinking. Everybody else was. I then had a few beers one friday. Fuck it I'm young I can handle it. And that first night I could. But a few weeks later I returned to the usual monday-tuesday-wednesday morning drinking the everyday drinking the alone drinking just hoping I blacked out and could forget everything...Five years later I wish I had continued to go to AA. I feel like I lost 5 years in which I made lots of shitty decisions I feel like I'm still the same fuck up. Even worse cause ever since I accepted that I had a problem I tried quitting many times and always fell for that same "a few beers on a weekend is alright" or "this time will be different" mentality and every time I started quitting got worse and every time I started drinking again I fucked up worse than the last. It's hellish...Just sharing this. If you think you have a problem just quit. Try it out for three months or so. Just don't drink that first one. At least that's what I wish I'd done and never drinking that first one what I wish I could've remembered to do and hope I remember this time around.
In your 20's no alcohol = no colour.In your 30's no alcohol = more stress.In your 40's no alcohol = more shakes..I will always find a reason thank goodness you realised at 21.  It took me a lot longer so well done for noticing 
I knew I was an alcoholic when I was 18 and first went to university. I ignored that voice in my head telling me something was wrong and that I was scared for the next 13 years. Now at 31 years old and with 60+ extra lbs dozens of one-night stands and countless embarrassing/sad memories under my belt I'd give anything to have been smart enough to stop at your age. It's too late for me to get my 20s back but save yourself! 
I wish I'd stopped drinking at 21 if you know it isn't working then kick it to the curb.
The fact that I thought the same - "My life will have no color without alcohol" - was one of my motivators to stop this time around. I gave an awful lot of power to a beverage. It had the most power out of anything else over the shape my life took because I was scared to live without it. That remained the truth; even when I drank my way through my 20s it was the truth.  
You may think life has no color without alcohol but keep it up for long enough and keep increasing the level of abuse and 20 years from now you won't have a life. As in you'll be dead. I'm 43 and my last binge earned me a week in intensive care. That scared me into committing to sobriety like never before. ..If you think this is a problem deal with it now. You can find tons of stories on here about all of us who thought we were OK even with our drinking problem until suddenly one day we were very not OK..
thanks for all the insight yall IWNDWYT
