-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6whbaz/its_time/

Everytime i drink its a constant struggle to say no. It shouldnt be so hard to say no thanks and mean it. I started drinking in highschool. Drink to get drunk. Went to state college. Same thing. I had a bad experience and made a work mistake a year or so ago because of my drinking. Convienetly it all worked out and i got a new dream job because i had to leave that one. That was an eye opener though. I finally went to therapy and aa. The therapist said i had a problem. I said the key tag lines to her like "i dont want to miss a champagne toast" or "im an adult and handle one drink". She told me aa isnt for everyone and the best thing to do is just say no. That was easy at first. I stopped going to therapy. Then started to drink leisurely again. This weekend i tried to type it and i cant say it. Im too embarassed. No abuse or anything horrible like that. Family affair. Just ashamed of myself. When i drink its like a hangover the next day but instead of physical pain its mental. Im going to schedule another appointment for the first time in however long. I dont want to quit but the emotional embarsment i get is too much. I need help.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you on realizing this and taking the necessary steps. I feel all too well the social embarrassment of "not coping" coupled with not wanting to quit; two strong forces doing nothing but cause pain. To me the solution was just to step away from everything. I'm not saying it is easy and I'm definitely not done but it's making me stronger. Keep going and you will get to a place where you'll be fine.
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
I've struggled with the same thoughts about drinking like "an adult".  But I've proven over decades that I cannot.  I wish you well.  I will not drink with you today!
