-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wjdjn/attending_aa_as_an_atheist/

I put myself in an outpatient program in the city about a year ago and loved it.  It was very educational and taught me a lot about myself.  I put in over 150 voluntary hours but left because of the time consumption.  I skipped after care because we moved out of the city and never got back into a program.  I relapsed HARD about two months ago and admitted myself to another treatment center out of the city.  It was a joke.  I hated it.  I've been to three  AA meetings in the last week and they have been quite enjoyable.   The one thing that I got out of the recent treatment was the advice from one of the councilors.  " Go to a bunch of different meetings and find one for YOU."   It's been good so far and I really like it.  It's also FREE.  Haven't run into any "Sober God's" yet so I'm going to keep plugging along.  I just keep quite when they pray and nobody thinks anything of it.  Good luck to you all.  I will not drink today.  
----------immediate responses--------

really pleased that you found space in aa as an atheist.  aa is at the center of my recovery.  i know a number of atheists who have been sober many years.  there is room for everyone.  
Are you doing the 12 steps thing? I unofficially used "the entire body of human knowledge" as my higher power but I've pretty much been passing every closed meeting since step 2. 
The awesome part about AA is the community support and building social bonds around sobriety.  I'm an atheist and find the religious part to be grating at times but it's alright. I tend to think of the higher power as the community/society at large. ..When people talk about god and a higher power and praying they're really talking about god as a stand-in for community whether they realize it or not. God's commandments and laws are really just the community's laws and rules. Praying in turn is a form of visualization and a way to connect your subconscious with the community. .... 
Welcome. Couple of things I've picked up at AA meetings:.."Take what you like and leave the rest.".."GOD = Group Of Drunks" -- Some folks choose the Group Of Drunks as the 'higher power' that aids them in recovery...I am very much theistic (I'm a Christian pastor) but I've come to embrace AA's concept of "a God of my own understanding" because frankly there are a lot of pervasive and unhelpful images of God out there things that I think we as a culture need to unlearn...Keep coming back it works if you work it. I would welcome you at any AA meeting.
Good for you. Bigger cities will have atheist/agnostic AA groups---might be worth a look.
I keep quiet when they pray too!!
I remembered considering AA 3 years ago but didnt do it because I am also an atheist. I am finally 44 days sober now but I wish I was so hard headed about it in the past. Im still not going to AA but part of my sobriety feels very spiritual. Almost like a "my body is my temple" type of thing. I also follow Jordan Peterson's work. Youtube what he has to say about addiction.  I will not drink with you today. 
