-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wpshi/dealing_with_tiredness/

I stopped drinking a couple of weeks ago and have since really struggled with tiredness. It seems much more pronounced than when I was drinking. Did anyone else come across the same issue and do you have any tips on how to overcome it?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a couple days behind you. I feel tired but it's a different tired. I'm sleeping well but still tired. I'm putting it down to the extra work my body is doing for all the damage it's trying to fix. It's still a lot better than hungover tired though so not something I'm worrying about.
Yes! I think the body is healing after all that abuse. I started to take oil capsules Vit b complex and I've thrown in St. John's Wort too (read the instructions).  Alcohol takes its toll on our vitamin levels. If this persists then I'd advise going to see your doctor. I've had very  low b12 and after three injections only felt a fog lift. Take good care of yourself learning how to do this takes time.
same here! i think our bodies need time and energy to detox. 
I honestly don't remember but at this point I'm feeling like a I have tons of extra energy. Wishing you well on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
Same here sleeping better than I have in a long time but I could sleep all day if I had the chance. Currently 12 days sober.
Slept and napped when I could in those first couple of weeks. Tried to be kind to myself and just go with it/accept it-didn't go out stayed quiet/at home as much as possible after work. As long as I didn't drink that day-then for me it was a successful day! And I found the energy really started improving weeks 3/4. Also-a coffee or Diet Coke helped me get back into gear when I really had to keep going. 
Look up post actuate withdrawal syndrome too get an idea of what you're in for in recovery. The tiredness will get better.
I was extremely tired for the first 30 days after i got sober. It was to the point i thought something was wrong. Now as someone else said have too much energy!  Withdrawls suck. 
I remember the tiredness lasting about 30 days or so. I figured when I drank I got false energy and would sleep for 9-11 hours a night. Now I get 6-8 hours of great sleep and stay active and full of energy all day. 
I am there with you.  Can't get enough sleep and mental fog.  This seems to be normal based on other posts I have read.  I abused my body so long drinking to excess I figure it's gonna take time to heal.  ....Also I am taking supplements including a complex vitamin B.  Let's be kind and gentle with ourselves.     
This happened to me in the beginning as well. I was napping during the day. Prior I never napped in my life. At the time I thought it was bizarre thought I'd have extra energy but not the case. Like everything else with not putting booze in my body it got much better. 
Yep! Your body is trying to repair itself. I took plenty of naps during my first few weeks which was awesome! The energy definitely comes back.
Happened to me the first month and I was feeling really confused as I didn't think I had been drinking enough to experience withdrawal symptoms. Incredibly tired despite plenty of sleep. But after a month it basically disappeared and I'm feeling wonderful the past two weeks. Kinda a reality check for what I was putting my body through that I needed a month to recover. 
I was so tired for a couple of weeks and I still wake up with a mild headache occasionally. It was a little discouraging because I thought I would just feel awesome when I quit poisoning myself but the body does need to heal. I was always telling myself I wasn't that bad of a drinker but having mild withdrawal symptoms made me realize how much damage I was doing to myself. Hang in there it does get better. I will not drink with you today. 
Yep I'm in the same boat. I'll check back with you post day 30 to see if it's better!
Day 15 here.  Same thing is happening to me. When I was drinking I would be tired but also have anxiety which masked the tiredness.  First ten days I felt drowsy tired like I could easily nap but can't cause I am at work. I'd also felt cranky cause I was so tired.  I was indulging in more sweets to make up for not drinking which added to the tired feeling once the sugar wore off. Now I've put myself on a schedule the way you'd do for a little kid going to school. I'm making sure to exercise and eat nutritious food.  Finally got a good night's sleep last night.  I'm so grateful that we have bodies capable of healing from alcohol abuse.  I won't drink with you today.
It's your body dedicating energy to healing the bits that booze has broken. It takes a while dependent on how long you've been drinking and what damage has been done. .The good thing is what comes after :)  
36 days and I'm still exhausted too. Perhaps gym membership is in order.
35 days for me and tired but happy I guess we aren't alone based on theses posts.  
Glad to see I'm not the only one feeling this way. I am also sleeping well but constantly tired it's very frustrating. Hopefully it seems like it will get better soon!
I had intense fatigue during the first two weeks. A lot of days I could barely keep my eyes open. My advice is to do your best to ride it out and focus on *today*.  I never felt like a switch flipped. Rather by the end of six weeks I realized I wasn't tired anymore and in fact felt great. By then the cravings for alcohol were almost nonexistent too.
it's weird I had a ton of energy the first week but this week I'm feeling low energy (mostly mentally).  .Looking forward to it passing naturally in the weeks to come...
Super tired. Always.  I wonder if something else is wrong. :(
Yeah. Every time I've quit. My energy levels get a noticeable boost around the 4th week. Pretty much just as much rest as possible and some - but just some not too much intensity-wise - excercise helped a bit. Mostly I just needed time and still do I think. Magnesium and vitamin b complex might help. Proper diet too but I wouldn't worry about that too much. Not drinking with you today :)
I'm not really facing it this time but when I quit last time (about 3 years ago) yeah I was a zombie for a while. It passes. Try to get out for a walk every day. It really helps to get some energy back.
Hello! Congrats on your sober days! ..Your body is going through so much right now. I remember being in a fog my first 30 days or so. Be gentle with yourself. I suggest looking up Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome - that might help you understand what your body is going through (it helped me! )..
Me too!! I've been drinking way more coffee and it doesn't help. I am female and my period is coming up so I was just blaming it on that but I don't think so. I am tired all the time!
Thank you for posting this! I have been noticing the same thing and it's really encouraging to read about everyone's experiences with this. Sounds like we have to stick it out for another week or two and things ought to improve!
Your body is healing and you're not numbing yourself with poison so now you really notice how tired you are. Eat right take vitamins some exercise and good sleep. Have you had a work up with your dr recently? Might be in order just to be safe and a liver check 
I'm starting to think my tiredness is actually depression. I haven't moved much in days basically feeling like I came down with something. But today I'm going to force myself to get things done and get out of the house. I'm in self-care mode and staying in it. But I think by allowing myself to be home-bound and just rest I think I might be doing myself a disservice. I guess it's all withdrawals. 
