-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wx9c2/not_seeing_some_usernames/

It makes me sad when usernames I get used to seeing commenting on posts are no longer there. I like to think they are so successful in sobriety they don't need to post or comment often but I think most of the time it is because they go back out- as I myself have done multiple times. ..I am grateful we hold space for everyone; new and returning. I always clap the hardest for the people at AA who are coming back because it is so hard and many don't make it back. ..There are so many times I could have died using. My alcoholism has led me to get in cars with complete strangers use dangerous street drugs get into fights blacking out in cities I am just visiting the list goes on. I am thankful of all the opportunities I have had to come back. ..I'm going to take a few extra minutes tonight to reflect on how deadly this disease is how lucky we are to be here and wishing everyone still struggling the strength to carry on another day or night. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Well said! Thanks for this post!
Indeed... I attend AA as well (have been for a year). I have been the guy that stopped showing up while I went out. I've also noted the absence of other folks... As an alcoholic I need to keep sight of the fact that if I'm not drinking that in itself is a sort of miracle. I'm still dealing with mental cravings. But im not waking up with the shakes and pacing around waiting for the liquor store to open. 
It's comforting to see familiar names posting I agree. Your name being one! :) I like to assume most of those who don't are happily distracted by a nice new fulfilling sober life.
This hit me hard.  So many people who encouraged me early on are no longer here (and many still are) and I selfishly wish they would suddenly pop back up on this sub.  But I know it's a struggle and the best thing we can do is wait and be ready to be here to support them on THEIR new day 1 if they do come back.  Paying it forward even if it is really just paying it back.
Yes I have thought about this as well. I hope those no longer actively posting are successful in their sobriety. Best to you and thank you for this post.
Usernames are kind of like our text based holographic selves; a projection of a person and snapshot in time of their current status. ..This was meant to be may Alt account but it turned into my 2nd Main. I previously visited and used this sub under my 1st main account which I've been on in a while. 
I am growing to love this place. 
[removed]
There are some names I definitely miss. The saddest is when people delete their accounts. That is always an "uh oh" moment.
The funny thing is that I never think people even look at usernames. I wonder if anyone remembers me ever!
Hey guys. It's ok...I'm back.
I've seen you post/comment before as well! 
