-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6x490v/sometimes_you_have_to_give_in_to_cravings/

But not the alcohol ones. I'm early in my sobriety. I've relapsed so many times. This time I'm fucking making it. I'll do anything to not drink. Even if that means giving into super unhealthy cravings like Bojangles followed by an ice cream cone. As someone who tries to eat healthy that's not something I often do at 10pm. But I was bored and I was craving alcohol and junk food. I chose to give in to junk food. However I'd rather wake up with a stomach full of junk than a hangover and this worked for tonight. It may not have been the best thing I could've done but I'm not stressing it...because I'm in bed now I'm sober and I just completed Day 4 (longest streak so far). Just a reminder to everyone do what you have to do to occupy yourself and NOT DRINK. Anything is better than drinking!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! The struggle is real tomorrow is my day four and I have zero plans of cheating (very determined like yourself). Eating popsicles today. Possibly Chinese tomorrow. Anything to get over the 5pm-8pm slump. 
Absolutely agree. Take no prisoners.
A guy I know with over 30 years gave me the same advice... there were days last month I had nothing but milkshakes.
I will make it with you this time as well! 
Oh man definitely! I ate so much chocolate last night. And Oreos. I'm generally a healthy eater but I was tired lonely and anxious. Better chocolate than alcohol!
Go for it. I went nuts the first 30 days. Chips chocolaty things cookies... It helps!.
I agree. I distracted myself from my cravings with obsessive computer gaming many times. I could do better things with my time. Maybe it's even a form of addiction. But it's all better than drinking (and I actually have fun playing games :))
I have myself one months grace with eating 'junk' popcorn was my thing- family size bags. At 30 days I stopped and it was fine. Junk is better than booze. Well done on four days. IWNDWYT x
Man game on with the junk food. When i first got sober all i did was hit meetings and eat in between. After I had some time i started to pick better foods and eat healthier. In the beginning though indulge. In the right way of course. Binge watch movies netflix and hang out at home. Eat some deliciously bad food. Your absolutely right anything is better than drinking. In fact this thread inspired me to go make a milkshake....
Eat a ton. Sleep a ton. Go easy on yourself!
You're doing a great job! The hangover from junk food is significantly less bad than the hangover from alcohol :-) And the junk food cravings subside after a while. The one thing that matters is that you did not drink today..
Hey with a morning sober I have nothing to say other than I will try the "eat some junk food just don't drink" method. That sounds great! With the 1.5k+ calories a day I've been drinking Bojangles is nothing. (Cheers from NC it's BO TIME!)
Great decision!  I love how you aren't beating yourself up for eating junk.  You won't need to do that every day and it's a healthy choice over alcohol. I will not drink with you today!
Especially the first couple months sugar was my friend. I wonder if in part because it gives me an endorphin hit that my brain had forgotten how to generate on its own without alcohol. Gummy bears man. 
Yeah I've been going into junk food as well. I try to limit it though and only get it when I get a good craving to occupy my mind. I haven't gained weight so I'm good for now (lost 5 pounds actually since quitting drinking). I'll kick the habit once I get more comfortable in my sobriety. Good luck!
[removed]
I'm just here for the junk food suggestions. .....Carry on. 
