-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6x53ec/reaching_the_end_of_my_rope/

I have overcome countless obstacles so far in 9.5 months of sobriety but other than people telling me I look and sound great getting a job for the first time in seven years thanks to a good economy and white privilege I have not gained much out of this.  I am on my 4th sponsor in AA (2 I fired one was an asshole AA zealot fanatical attitude that reminds me of the Baptist  preachers who say if you don't do "x y and z" you're going to hell) and I am going to get through these 12 steps with him but I have been around meetings to enough to know what they are and how they affect people.  I don't see any "sober" effects I get off apologizing to people making it any easier to stay sober than it is while I am pre-steps.   I think AA is some placebo/self-brainwashing/groupthink social pressure combination that keeps people sober and each good meeting is an emotional experience that helps for that day.  But I know I'm going to just smoke weed at some point probably after I get a year or 18 months...so fuck this.  I can't say that at an AA meeting or to my sponsor without either getting cut off or told that what I'm saying doesn't make sense or having people have a talk with me afterwards that I don't want to have.  So thanks for letting me vent!  I am glad I've had a break and been able to restore my mental balance so anyone struggling if you can find it in you to stop I think short breaks months at a time are great if you can do them.  Don't feel "less than" others because you haven't worked some steps that others have worked that makes them a bigger moral authority than you.
----------immediate responses--------

Getting sober is about you and what you need and what's good for you...Don't let some asshole drive you to drink. Do what works for you. Stay strong. If you turn this sobriety into a "short break" and drink again you'll just be back at the beginning of the cycle building misery until you have to get sober all over again.
Ha! I love this vent! I've tried many many ways of sobriety and AA was not for me and it's not for everyone. You have to find your own way your own truth and happiness. It takes time and often tragedy unfortunately for most of us. Only you know what can work for you. After you've tried ALL the ways. Thank you for this! I will not drink with you today. 
Good that you know your limits. We have to remember that sobriety is a personal decision and recovery  is not a competition. I will not drink with you today :)
Sorry to hear about your experiences.  All that resentment sounds like a burden.  I hope things get better.
