-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6x8mzx/two_month_lurker_first_time_poster_one_month_sober/

I found this sub when I quit drinking earlier this summer and it has been everything to me. After two weeks of sobriety relapsed while on 'vacation' (visiting my hometown/parents) and drank every day but have been sober since I got back. ..I am almost 27 and this is by far the longest I've been sober in more than a decade. I woke up today with the same excitement as if it were my birthday knowing I made it to a month! ..Favorite things about being sober:.-My memory is coming back! Eyes are clearer mind is sharper brain fog has lifted! I was terribly embarrassed about my memory and intelligence when I was drinking. It's amazing to be so clear headed!.-My dog is pumped! We walk around the park every morning. No more skipping walks because of hangovers. She and I are healthier for it. I hated that park when I was drinking because I thought it was boring. Now that things are in focus and I'm present colours are sharper nature more vivid and we love our routine!  .-Daily meditation and yoga practice .-Socializing sober! Part of why I drank was to combat social anxiety but the addiction lingered long after the crutch was 'useful'. I never spent time with friends unless booze was involved. But when I'm sober I make people laugh have great conversations and am more silly/uninhibited because I'm not trying to hide how drunk I am. I also don't wake up after a night of socializing and mutter all day about what an idiot I am as I replay drunken conversations realizing I was insensitive or obtuse or shared more than I wanted to. .-Alone time! I practically never spent time alone before. Now I spend most of my time alone and I love it! I love catching up with/ getting to know myself instead of running from it. I've become independent and self-motivated. Started making art again after a 3 year hiatus writing lots of poems singing facing problems head on and have done more learning and growing in a month than seemed conceivable!   ..Some things that have helped sustain my sobriety:.-This subreddit.-The Hip Sobriety blog and Home podcast .-This Naked Mind. Yay free copy via this sub=).-The free versions of the headspace down dog and fabulous apps. And volunteering (energy exchange) at my yoga studio in exchange for free classes.-Writing down 5 things I'm grateful for each night and reading back through the list before going places where alcohol will be available.-Having a list of prepared responses for if I'm offered a drink or asked why I'm not drinking and reading through those before going out..There's a long road full of grueling work ahead but it's freeing life-saving work saturated with compassion and love. I visit this sub every night before bed and have laughed cried and not drank with you all for a month. Thank you from my whole heart for your courage and insights. Your strength gives me strength. I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

I love hip sobriety/home. Although sometimes they go off on tangents about vague feelings and I have no idea what they're talking about. But I can definitely relate to most topics.
Also. Congrats!! 
You're doing great!.CONGRATULATIONS!.  
