-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6x9mam/first_time_poster_lets_give_this_a_shot/

Hi everyone. Former lurker first time poster...Day 5. It's Thursday August 31st. It's 8:00 PM. I haven't had a drink since Saturday night when I emptied two bottles of wine like I did the night before and the night before that. And the night before that. When I awoke Sunday morning I was fed up. Not by the hangovers I don't really get those anymore. Or am I always hungover? Who knows. I'm tired of the anxiety. The incessant rumination. The gloomy depression. The fear of death. The self loathing. I'm tired of being a non-violent person wanting to resort to violence every time I walk past a mirror. ..I started out much like anyone a social drinker. Later in life I developed a serious anxiety and depression disorder. I began drinking heavily to keep it at bay and what a sweet instant relief it was. For a while anyway. ..So as I was saying I woke up Sunday morning. I was dizzy and my arm was numb that was a new one. Except aforementioned ailments I didn't feel all that bad. But as after any binge I knew I was in for a rotten evening. By nightfall I was in shambles and hyperventilating having the foretold and unavoidable anxiety attacks. I'm quite used to them so I put on a surgical mask (not sure why it helps - feels like breathing into a bag in a way but without the hassle of actually having to carry a bag around my house. I have several boxes of them.) and attempted to watch a movie to distract myself.  .I couldn't pay attention in the slightest. The anxiety was way too strong. I was trembling in fear still hyperventilating. That sickly tingling feeling in the spine grew stronger and my breath became even more shallow and desperate. I felt like I was quickly spiralling out of control dying like so many times before.  Fuck it  I thought  trip to the hospital it is. I need a medical detox . I threw some clothes a phone charger and a book in a black gym bag. .As I stood in the hallway drenched in sweat while attempting to put my shoes on I found a slight comfort in the fact that I was about to get medical help. At least I wouldn't die all alone in my house that night. Any relief is a good relief in the midst of a panic attack. Any port in a storm. I could feel the grip of the anxiety loosening ever so slightly. I ended up pacing back and forth in the hallway for about 20 minutes testing the waters. Am I dying? How about now? Still dying? Am I safe?..It gradually got better. I kept the bug-out bag of mental anguish by the door with my keys and wallet on top. I sat up in my living room for a while and tried my best to watch the rest of the movie. I drank some water and tried to keep my mind off the sense of impending doom. A few hours later my breath was calm enough to function lying down without relapsing into hyperventilation and sensations of dying and starting the whole damned cycle all over again. I put on a comedy show on spotify and went to bed. After a while I managed to fall asleep. I woke up every now and then drenched in sweat. I drank some water and went back to sleep. Come morning I had to be ready for work. ..I'll try to be brief. .I got through the day pretty much OK. I was sweating and my heart was racing. The anxiety really kicked in when I got back home having nothing to occupy my mind with. Pretty much rinse and repeat until now with gradual improvements...My arm is better just a slight tingle in the fingers. I can't feel my liver anymore. It never really hurt but I could feel it was there. Now I can't feel it at all which I imagine is a good thing. I'm not sweating as much either. My mood isn't very good but I expect no miracles over night. Last night I actually slept through the entire night. In the end there was no medical detox I managed to white knuckle my way through what seems to have been the worst of it. ..The anxiety and depression disorders has become somewhat more stable after years of therapy though I suspect the mental toolkit and the coping mechanisms have been weakened by the drinking. I look forward to utilising them in a different state of mind. No doubt it will be difficult but drinking ate up all the motivation I could've saved for improvement. Now at least I'm cautiously optimistic about sustaining some of that motivation. ..Did anyone else use alcohol to cover up anxiety depression and loneliness? Any and all tips and stories are more than welcome. I see alot of people relying on friends and family for help and support as one should. Anyone else powering through this solo?..I'm somewhat worried about further withdrawals but as of now I feel more or less good physically. Neutral perhaps. Improved at least. I have some diazepam on standby should things take a turn for the worst though I haven't felt the need for them yet. ..Day 5. I shall not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I self medicated depression and anxiety with alcohol. Family and friends can be supportive but I have a deadly disease and needed professional help. I didn't know how to build a sober happy life without support. After medical detox I went to rehab outpatient and AA. I wouldn't try to treat cancer with professional help. Alcoholism is no different.
5 days here as well....Although I had no where near the mental or physical anguish you experienced it was and is still a fight..Only today when I got home did I pour out the remaining rum in my house..I drank to medicate myself out of loneliness frustration and lack of self worth...I feel for you  as I woke up last Sunday with a horrible headache acid reflux and my chest pounding away after a Saturday night binge that started with Ill just have one....I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TONIGHT
EXACTLY
Almost identical to my day one today.. Not that its my first but the anxiety gripped and wouldn't let go it was so bad I did exactly as you did got ready to go to the hospital.. Then paced around tried to rationalise something... Then eventually calmed down... Its such a horrible feeling losing control... Good luck I'm not drinking today with you!
Not alone! I have panic disorder too. It's terrible.
Thank you for sharing your story. I used to lay face-down on the bed and just breathe into the comforter. Trying to get oxygen for my hangover and help my headache. No more. Glad you pulled through 5 days. I white knuckled through my first month and then kept going just to see how long I could go. Told myself I could drink tomorrow just not today. One day at a time. It gets better and easier. 
[removed]
