-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xf5la/day_5_again/

Quit in January and slowly let it creep back in - moderately . . .at first...This is my first post from January 2 2017 - And now it's September and back to square 1!..&gt; Thank you everyone for your candor and humor. It gives me hope when just this morning I was sort of mourning for the habit I must break...&gt;I had decided last month to quit and chose today. I spent the morning searching the Internet for tips on how to quit without AA...&gt;My mother and my sister are both recovering and we all Live in very close proximity to each other and my mom and my sister are the reigning queen bees of AA around here. I'm just afraid that going to the meetings where everyone knows them would be more stressful than not going to meetings at all. Also having been around them and their AA friends years upon years I know how political the organization can be and I just don't have any ability to tolerate that right now...&gt;It's hard because I don't feel like I am in a great position to ask for help because no one knows that I'm struggling. Not even my husband and my kids. Like I know that I'm lucky that my rock-bottom is softer than most...&gt;I've never gotten a DUI thank God - never hurt anybody but myself thank God. Never got the pleasure of a medical emergency like some of the terrifying ones I read about here today. I just drink too much alcohol home alone...&gt;I'm tired of letting it control me. I'm tired of having to sneak off to buy it. I'm tired of wondering if the cashier at the grocery store members that I bought alcohol two days ago...&gt;So I'm going to remember to remember all the things I'm letting alcohol steal from me. My money my self-esteem my figure my looks my health my sex life...&gt;Thank you all for sharing your journeys..
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried Smart recovery? I've seen that mentioned on here.
Yeah . . . I've got a business and little kids - I can't have time that's unaccounted-for.   I'm just gonna get through today for now.  Thanks though..
Welcome back friend. Is it still something that no one knows about?
I also tried quitting in January (dry January) and got about a few weeks in then cheated then a few dry weeks here and there now here I am with you trying again! Here is hoping we both keep it up this time! 
