-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xilqo/is_there_anyone_like_me/

I drank. I drank 2 beers. The weird part is I haven't  craved it at all. It wasn't a struggle. I wasn't torn. It was simply just something  I had decided I was going to do. It has been 45ish days and I haven't wanted to drink at all. ..This is a weird predicament. I wasn't drunk and I don't want to drink anymore. I didn't make any mistakes. I wasn't rude or emotional. No one was worried about me. No one remembered  me at the store buying beer 4 hours before. To be honest  I don't feel like I drank at all---my typical  choice was usually super high ABV beer and I picked a very low one. ..I don't know why I feel shame. Or maybe  guilt. Or maybe it's neither. I didn't fuck up. I just drank a drink other than water. I guess I broke a promise to myself. I wish there was something  I could say like oh my God worst hangover ever never doing that again!!! Or man I sure fucked  up I am starting over  day one!!!..Am I wrong to feel like I don't have to start over? Is it OK to not  feel bad? Is it OK to not be completely  wrecked over two beers? Can I just keep going? Can I just be confident and comfortable with drinking  being my past life? I am feeling some type of way I can't really put a label on. ..I guess really I am just thankful and grateful that I'm not rushing  back to the store for more. I'm not drunk. Hungover. Disgusted with myself or my decisions. Hurts a little to think of my past self and I'm so far removed from her that I can't even remember what it was like. ..Idk. If anyone else can relate please reach out to me. I'm not resetting  my badge and I hope that's alright. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well you didn't drink for 45 days so you aren't starting over. You have had 45 healthy days with no alcohol in them. ..Isn't the badge what you want it to be? 
2 beers are never the problem.  The problem comes later when you remember that 2 beers was fine so you do it again.  And then maybe you have 3 the time after that and yeah I just drank last night but screw it it's Saturday I deserve a drink with the game... and so on until whatever the reason is that you came here in the first place slaps you in the face...Or maybe not.  Maybe you're special and totally able to moderate with no problems and you just never realized it before.  But I kinda doubt it.
Sounds cliche but as they say "to thine own self be true." Only you know your circumstances. 
No one else can count your days of sobriety for you.  I see my badge as a pact I've made with myself.  
I can not relate.  If I drank two I would eventually be back to worse than ever.  Maybe you are not an alcoholic and can drink moderately.  Good (or bad) news is that you will know for sure in a couple months.
If you only have one tomorrow does it count? Just trying to understand the perspective. I think I know how you feel. 
I'm glad you posted this because I'm feeling the same way right now. I had 4 drinks (over 4 hours) with an old friend two nights ago. It was a totally conscious decision not like I suddenly had a craving and it happened but rather that I decided I want to have a few drinks with her and I feel I can handle it...I don't feel bad about it. I guess I feel like I don't know HOW I should feel. It doesn't feel like a massive failure or that the urge to drink is suddenly unleashed. I don't feel I wasted the 31 days I had before that. I'm not resetting my badge for now as to me the days represent the days I have been making promises to myself to change my relationship to alcohol. I have no imminent plans to drink again any time soon. 
