-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xkycd/the_real_moment_of_victory_for_me/

Hi guys of SD. I've been lurking this sub for a while now. I thought it might be time to share something because it enhances the feeling of belonging to a community and the latter is exactly what I need right now. ..I've been a 'problematic drinker' for the last six years. Who am I kidding? I'm an alcoholic. .During the last two years I have undertaken some attempts in quitting but always with the intentions of being able to become a social drinker again one day. However I have come to the conclusion that every relapse is followed by me drinking even more heavily than before which has lead to the fact that in the last two months I would often start drinking in the early afternoon finishing two bottles of wine before passing out. ..My last attempt to quit last week only lasted four days. I am now in the middle of day three. .The time has come for me to face the facts and call a spade a spade: I have an illness and I will not be able to drink ever again. And this breaks my heart. I guess you all know what I am talking about. .I am good fun when I am drunk I have a lot of fun when I am drunk: I dance I sing I clean the house from top to bottom do much heavier chores as well like renovate furniture I am extremely creative when I'm drunk: I write fiction I play the drums I draw. Somehow I am unable to do all this when I'm sober. I feel empty bored and out of energy and creativity when I am not drinking. Writing this down helps me realise how severe my problem is. ..However to get to my point: my moment of victory is the moment I open my eyes and I automatically wonder: what have I done yesterday? There will be no new cuts and bruises no shattered glass no regret due to drunk texts no telephone calls that I can hardly remember no hangover today no guilt no regret no shame and what else. .I guess this feeling is what is going to help through the day. ..This post turned out much longer than I intended it to be so thank you for reading this. Now I can finally say: I will not be drinking with you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today 
And to your point - I believe you will never get tired of no new cuts and bruises etc... You've got this. Welcome to this sub and congrats on your victory. I will not drink with you today.
I can relate to everything you're saying. I too would do many creative things while drinking. However somewhere along the line I stopped doing and would just be lethargic tired and pretty much useless. That's when I realized- I'm wasting away my life. I'm still new- it's only been a few days for me but I've realized how much MORE I'm accomplishing by being sober. My best self is starting to come out. And fret not- you'll eventually find the same thing I'm positive. Just give it time and you'll be pleasantly surprised. I think we all just have to relearn how to do those things sober. We are all right there with you. Welcome! And I will also not drink with you today!!
I am glad you are here! I think you will find if you give yourself time that your creativity will come back stronger than ever. At least that is what I am finding....slowly. I think it takes time just like everything in this process but give it time enjoy the positive feeling that come from staying sober - Saturday AM and no hangover here!! I just have faith it will all fall into place. .I won't drink with you today either!
Glad you're here!  I'm with you...Today I forgo just one drink - The First One
Great post. .."I feel empty bored and out of energy and creativity when I am not drinking." ..Could these feelings possibly be the immediate after-effects of stopping? Have you stopped long enough yet to know what you'll feel like after 15 30 45 days of not drinking? ..It's possible you'll be even better than before. ..There's only one way to find out. ..IWNDWYT 
Oh wow! Thank you so much for explaining this to me at greater length. .I had already noticed how great this community is but now that the kindness is directed towards me I feel blessed. ..I guess taking babysteps is the way to go. I am already dreading spending Christmas eve with a family in which being drunk is the rule rather than the exception. .I will not drink with you today. 
I've started seeing fun differently.  I feel much more joy and happiness now. 
