-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xm3io/on_finding_community_after_being_sober_for_over_a/

Maybe it's because I'm stubborn maybe it's because I am an overachiever and think I can do everything myself. Both of those traits are good in some ways and toxic in other ways. It took me over a year to drag my ass to a Refuge Recovery meeting. If any of you have read This Naked Mind I experienced what the author describes as "spontaneous sobriety". I woke up one day and something had clicked. The author used her father as an example. Once he consciously and completely understood that drinking was actually terrible for him it was a no-brainer for him to stop. And he never looked back. ..Well not drinking is the easy part for me. I feel lucky in that way. BUT....it's the rest of life that's so fucking hard to deal with! Loneliness depression anxiety self-doubt shame regret fear of failure etc. I got to a point recently where just being in the same room as other humans would suffice in an effort to keep myself alive and sane. So I went to a Refuge Recovery meeting. Going to a meeting any meeting that feels like a good fit for you (It is not one size fits all!) is an incredible and empowering part of recovery. I thought I could do it on my own. But I realized I needed sober friends. I needed people who fought similar demons as mine. I needed people. I just needed people. And damn do people in recovery ever GET IT! From my experience they tend to be self-care warriors non-judgmental extremely supportive and have similar struggles to mine/yours. Every meeting I've been to so far has felt like eating a warm bowl of soup putting on my favorite soft sweatshirt a long hug with a close friend a snuggle from a favorite pet a warm breeze on a clear day a glimpse of sunshine after days of endless rain an afternoon in bed reading a good book. ..Meetings are essential for me. Community is essential for most humans. Meetings provide community. So if you're at all like me......stubborn tenacious isolationist lonely scared craving sober friends....find a meeting. All you have to do is show up. It doesn't have to be awesome the first time. You don't have to meet your new best friend. You don't have to love it because you might not like that one and you might benefit from trying a different one. All you have to do is show up. The rest will become clear...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this. I have been putting off going to a meeting for too long. Usually when I want to go I am in a lot of pain (hungover) and convince myself to wait until I feel better. But once I feel better I decided I can do it on my own. Rinse repeat.
damn I think I needed to read this. Not drinking isn't easy for me (at least not always) but the rest of life is definitely the real challenge for me too. Not drinking helps with some of it for sure but there are a lot of aspects to leading a great life. ..I definitely isolate as well. It can be overwhelming dealing with people especially in an unfamiliar environment but it can also be a really positive thing. And it sounds great having a group of people who get it and can empathize...Anyway thanks for posting. I hope you continue to find that great sense of community. I hope I do to. Just got to find the time and courage to get out there
&gt;Well not drinking is the easy part for me. I feel lucky in that way. BUT....it's the rest of life that's so fucking hard to deal with! Loneliness depression anxiety self-doubt shame regret fear of failure etc. I got to a point recently where just being in the same room as other humans would suffice in an effort to keep myself alive and sane..could have written this myself.  In the beginning I was going to alot of meetings but I stopped somewhere along the way.  Not drinking seemed easy at times...  But the things you listed they are so fucking challenging.  This Sunday I'm planning to hit my first meeting in probably 90 days...&gt;Meetings are essential for me. Community is essential for most humans. Meetings provide community. So if you're at all like me......stubborn tenacious isolationist lonely scared craving sober friends....find a meeting. All you have to do is show up. It doesn't have to be awesome the first time. You don't have to meet your new best friend. You don't have to love it because you might not like that one and you might benefit from trying a different one. All you have to do is show up. The rest will become clear...I'm a firm believer that a huge part of the reason we have such an addiction epidemic (and I list this as an *addiction* epidemic not drug or alcohol epidemic because those are merely two of the dozens of things Americans find themselves hopelessly addicted to) is a lack of community and sense of belonging.  We are social creatures.  We feel best when we are engaged in meaningful relationships.  To a large degree technology (well more like our addiction to technology) has stripped us of our human spirit.  For those of us who have struggled with substance abuse its critical that we try and build relationships and a sense of community...Great post!
Awesome advice--glad that you're finding your community! I definitely needed to hear this. I haven't read This Naked Mind yet but I think I'm maybe also spontaneously sober like you. One day for whatever reason things finally lined up right in my head and I realized that I just didn't have to drink anymore and didn't have to keep punishing myself the way I was and it was honestly more of a relief than a struggle...I haven't been going to meetings but the loneliness is such a serious challenge. This past week I did finally get myself in the door to a meeting twice and while I'm not sure AA is going to be the right fit for me either you say it so well--"All you have to do is show up. The rest will become clear." Thanks for the encouragement to keep trying and putting myself out there! 
I have not read the Naked Mind (yet)...am currently reading the "big book". I pretty much did the spontaneous sobriety approach. I didn't go to my second meeting until month 19. (First one was at about day 50) I'm now going to 2 per week. It has been a great experience. Totally echo your recommendation. 
