-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xrc3b/lots_of_word_vomiting_to_help_prevent_me_from/

Today was....weird. ...Walked into work to find one of my coworkers crying because she had just been fired (I saw it coming and although I liked her personally I honestly felt like it was the best for the whole team/business). ...An hour later I had been officially promoted (something we've been talking about for over a month) given a raise which the owner insisted on retroacting from the last pay period because she felt like I had started taking on more responsibility around that time. I am happy. I feel like I deserve it. I have worked really hard since I started this job in June. Most days I enjoy the work. Unlike most of my coworkers I get along fine with the owner and I think the only reason why have been able to maintain a strong relationship with her is because for the majority of the time since I've started this job I have remained sober. The longer I'm sober the easier it is to not take things so personally to just focus on positivity to let go of the bullshit that may happen in a day and to just focus on getting the work done. ...So anyway. Even though I walked into some weird vibes I still had a good day. So naturally my internal reaction is to want to celebrate with a drink. But the "celebrating" vibe so quickly turns into guilt and then it's almost like I shame myself into to drinking. It's like I tell myself "Homegurl you seriously considered having a drink even though you've been trying to stay sober. Seriously considering is basically the same thing as actually drinking so just go to the store after work and follow through."...So for the last 4 hours I've just been having that internal argument with myself. Just get one beer. No no don't get any fucking beer. Ahhh actually fuck it just get a bottle of wine. GODDAMNIT DON'T FUCKING DRINK JUST GO HOME AND FUCKING CRY...I'm exhausted. ...I have been actively trying to quit for about 1.5 years now. I have noticed that my lengths of sobriety keep getting longer and my relapses last shorter. For awhile I could stay sober for 3-4 days and then I'd relapse for 1-4 weeks. The last couple of months I can stay sober for about 10-12 days with only 1-2 week long relapses. This is maybe my 4th or 5th stretch of over 10 days this summer. I need to break the habit of breaking down and giving into those cravings. ...I love seeing those 6 9 12 month posts. I have never once seen a post that talks about how they've been sober for 365 days and that their life isn't better. I so badly want to see what my life looks like with 12 months of sobriety. More and more I am able to recognize how much potential I have and how much easier and natural it is to access that part of myself when I am sober....I made it through the grocery store without looking or buying alcohol. I came home and snuggled with the dog for awhile and now I'm going to make a late night dinner for my boyfriend and I (mashed potatoes and cheesy stuffed chicken comfort food). My boyfriend is bringing me home some ginger kombucha that they sell on tap at his work. I'm gonna just relax eat this meal drink my kombucha watch some tv and go to sleep. I can't wait to wake up tomorrow with a fresh start and that awesome feeling of gratitude for another day of sobriety complete.
----------immediate responses--------

Boom. Can I join you? I will. I will not drink with you. Kudos. 
Fabulous post! Could have written something similiar. You'll get there! I will not drink with you today. Butterfly   
Fantastic to reAd such an inspiring post well done you are doing this!
Keep up the good work you're doing well and you can almost certainly last a lot longer. We believe in you. 
Great job! I find it helps to think of that "just  get a drink" voice to be the product of a diseased part of my head fighting back.  I just need to beat it back for a little while longer and it will heal up and stop fighting me...I too have days where the fight is exhausting but the next day I feel a crapton better than I would had I lost the argument with myself...Congratulations on the promotion and on staying sober through the promotion!  Both are awesome accomplishments 
Not drinking with you today!
