-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xrngw/thoughts_on_meditation_and_yoga/

Back to day one after a week of struggling. My problem is when boredom sets in around 4pm i reach for a drink. So i need to fill my time/evenings with something else. Ive heard yoga and meditation really help any of you guys found it useful? I will not drink today  
----------immediate responses--------

I do yoga and meditation though not at specific times. What helps me is ANY activity I do at those times that's not drinking especially if it's a project like sorting crap or making something.
I've been doing it regularly since I stopped. I don't feel so sore every day and I definitely am getting a little more flexible. At the end of the day it's 30 minutes that keeps me distracted usually and not being in the best shape at the moment I'm usually too tired after to think about drinking.
Recently become a yoga addict. Highly recommend. Do you have any studios nearby? One of my favourite aspects of yoga is the feeling of community I get by going to class. Also... keeps me away from the fridge and from thinking about wine for at least an hour!
Tennis saved my life or added years on. I started playing when I quit. Lots of availability in terms of time. Seems to fit almost anyone's schedule. 
I've practiced both meditation and yoga for several years on and off. Both are essential for me in maintaining any stretch of sobriety. There are many ways to practice yoga and meditation. My suggestion is to try as many as you can to find the style(s) that fit with you. Instructors/guides can also make a big difference. There are several meditation apps available where you can find guided meditations and track your practice. I use Insight Timer. Refuge Recovery meetings always include a group guided meditation too. As for yoga I like slow relaxing styles like Yin or slow flows as well as more vigorous dynamic styles like Vinyasa. Many studios offer a free week of classes to new students (or at least one free class to new students) which can give you a good opportunity to try different styles instructors and studios until you find classes that fit. I cannot recommend yoga and meditation enough to ANYONE but especially to folks struggling with addiction. 
Thankyou. Thats really helpful. I will definately get on the case to find a yoga class this week. 
I have incorporated both into my daily routine and they have helped my quality of life tremendously. Insight Timer App is free and has a ton of guided meditations you can start out with and YouTube is awash with yoga videos you can do from the comfort of your own home. Can't hurt to try! 
