-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xs80p/the_illusion_that_alcohol_helps_battle_stress_i/

I haven't been able to post in a while as my return to work after 2.5 wonderful weeks off was even more stressful than I'd anticipated. ..I deal with clients all day but on top of that I manage with the help of one colleague a very large team. Staff management is much more tricky and stressful I find then dealing with clients even though sometimes they can get angry complain etc about the service. ..Anyway Wednesday and Thursday were especially hard. There had been decisions made in my absence that I didn't agree with I'm like a dog with a bone when I don't think something's right so fighting talk was needed both days. I was left emotionally drained and with an over active brain that wouldn't 'switch off' at the end of both days. My daughter luckily stays at her Dads mid week and my partner does not live with me yet in a lot of ways this is bad however because these are the days I drink ALOT. ..On one of the days my friend gave me a lift home and she said to me 'I bet you're going to walk straight in and have a huge glass of wine aren't you?' I thought about it and romanticised it a bit and then I did what so many of you advise on here I played the tape forward.....Playing the tape forward: Go to the shop buy a bottle of wine. Consume whole bottle of wine within an hour of getting home on empty stomach ring for takeaway answer door to takeaway man drunk in pyjamas at 7pm. Make excuses to partner why I can't speak to him on the phone after 6pm.. (because I am incapable of speaking or speaking without slurring my words). Also ignore my mum's calls for the same reason. Get paranoid think about all the things my partner has ever done wrong to me and start sending him angry texts for no reason (but still not answering his calls). Sometimes go to Tesco in my pyjama bottoms just with my coat thrown over me for more wine once dropped and smashed the second bottle of wine at the checkout I was so drunk.. Oh the shame :( ..Start posting over-emotional shit on Facebook maybe about my struggles with bipolar or being suicidal stuff I would be embarrassed for my work colleagues (who I manage) to see and also stuff that will worry my family (she's drunk again). ..Usually pass out by 9pm. Don't take any of my night time Bipolar medication (think what's the point alcohol stops it working anyway). Wake up at 3-4 am sweating head pounding severe anxiety frantically checking my phone and seeing all the texts to and from my partner the stuff on Facebook three missed calls from my parents (who've seen the stuff on Facebook). Parched stumble downstairs for a drink see pizza all over the carpet and kitchen work top. Stare at the empty wine bottle in disgust. Immediately put it in a plastic bag and go and hide it in the outside bin. Stumble back upstairs feeling disgusted and ashamed heart racing. Thinking about whether tomorrow will be the day my partner comes to his senses and dumps me...Or even worse tells me he knows I'm an alcoholic....Sometimes go back to sleep sometimes don't. Up at 6 am to get ready for work too hungover to wash properly or clean my teeth properly. Try to apply makeup with a shaking hand. Anxiety through the roof. Sometimes too ill to take my bipolar medication because I feel too much like I'm going to vomit. Gulp down two coffees and a Diet Coke on the way to work. No breakfast so the caffeine hits straight into my bloodstream raising my anxiety and adding to the over-taxing of my liver. Over spray myself with perfume. Feel paranoid about what people have read on Facebook at work and that I smell of alcohol. Sweat profusely.. Start eating crap... Have to apologise profusely to my partner who is understandably upset and annoyed and doesn't know what the hell has happened.. Start promising myself (again) that today I will stop... until I finish work and.....Return home.. Rinse.. Repeat.. Over and over again the cycle of shame destruction self-hate self-harm. ..All beginning with that one glass of wine.....Play the tape forward... It works. ..I did not drink. I had a long bath and a huge glass of sparkling water with lemon and lime. I didn't post shit on Facebook didn't send angry texts and I could answer phone calls and have a nice chat with a clear conscience. The takeaway man was saved from seeing me staggering on the doorstep in pyjamas. I cooked. I relaxed. I stayed awake until 11pm reading. I didn't have to venture outside at 3am to hide my empty bottle of wine. I slept much much better. ..It was tough oh so tough but oh so worth it....I will not drink with you today. ..Butterfly   ..
----------immediate responses--------

Love this post. So true. And playing the tape forward really does help. Brilliant tool to keep in mind. I will not drink with you today. 
Great post - playing the tape forward is my favorite tool. Glad you're here and congrats on your NDV and 35 days. Both are huge accomplishments.
OH MY GOODNESS - I could've written almost the exact same Play The Tape Forward scenario!!!!!!  I'm going to read this and re-read this every time I have a craving.  I try to play it in my head - but reading it the way you wrote it his home BIG TIME!  Congrats for avoiding that damn single glass of wine - I have realized that "measly" glass is the most dangerous one of all!!!!
Yes.   Same for me.    I couldn't truly take on this beast until I could play the tape forward.    One drink leads to... maybe nothing but most likely misery.
Absolutely! And to write it down and be accountable really helps!   
Thanks so much! This community and the posts on here have really opened my eyes and given me so much support. I am proud to be a member   
I love the detail you included here as you played the tape forward. I think this will help me next time I have cravings. Yesterday when I wanted to get black out drunk I just thought about the hangover- it worked (barely) but this seems much more effective. Let's drink a sparkling water today instead.  
Glad you are back here! You did a good job with the tape idea! That works for me too!
Saving this one! I will not drink with you today!
...totally worth it...I too need to play the tapes forward when I "forget" the outcomes.  glad u made it butterfly a shake of your wings sends ripples of hope my way!
Love this. So well written and with such detail. Thank you for sharing!
This is fantastic - I'm saving this post. Thank you -- now I just have to get to this point where I don't believe myself when I say "But THIS time I can control where the drinking takes me." :) I am 95% there and this post will help me get over the goal line the next time I start romanticizing that first sip.
Hey there on TVs when a character has a problem they always have a drink as if it's the cure. .. I grew in thinking it was a magic elixir that made things better!
Good work. Thanks for the read that one was very good. 
That's amazing - what a great idea to play the tape forward! I will not drink with you today xoxo
Post saved! I'm sure in this long journey I'll be needing to "play the tape forward" at some point and referring to this post will help. Thank you!
Oh my gosh this has been me so many times! I hate the anxiety that comes from looking at what texts I wrote and Facebook makes me shudder. I like this playing the tape forward this makes a lot of sense and is a nice pause to think.
Great post! Accepting the nasty truth of alcoholism is foundational to recovery. And you've made it a month!! That's fantastic and if you've made it this far it really really does get a little easier every passing day. ..You've got this! I will not drink with you today!
This is so well written. Very well done resisting temptation.
Brilliant   
Great post.  I've used that method myself and it has saved my sorry behind.  I normally fast forward the tape even farther.  ...3 months down the line.  The vomiting the diarrhea the insomnia depression spending whole days in bed.  Afraid others will smell the wine on my breath..It sure takes the shine off the vision of that first glass.  (Aah that we were 'normal' and could enjoy one or two!).Good luck on your journey.  Sounds like you have your head on straight..
So good. I've started to remind myself to play the tape forward. There was no morning that I woke up and said "I'm happy I drank last night". I won't drink with ya today.
Your issue seems to be mostly about shame and embarassment which I completely relate to. Someone posted here about a built in shame that some of us have because of our behaviour while drunk. It is SO damn nice to not have to piece together the shit I wrote the next morning after a bender. The built in shame I have because of my drinking is slowly but surely leaving and it feels amazing. Great for you for playing the tape forward lets both keep doing that 
Thank you for posting that. Isndwyt.
Thank you for sharing! I love this post so much! It was a great reminder for me to play the tape forward next time I romanticize a drink. I will not drink with you today!
Yep yep yep yep can totally relate - I'm saving as well putting right into what I like to call my emergency file - I'll use it should I ever forget the hell ive left behind !!!! 
This is wonderful. This is the best written post I've seen on the sub
Love the idea. Gonna play it forward from now on.
Awesome post! It reminds me of something...Ages ago I made an attempt at a sober life that lasted for a couple years.  I was fresh off an academic dismissal from my first year at college.  It was a very expensive intoxicated year. The ideal of permanent sobriety wan't even a consideration but I knew I needed a break from it all...I was still hanging out with my old buddies and at one point one of them confronted me .."So you don't drink anymore?".."Nope.".."You don't get high?".."Nope.".."How the hell do you unwind?"..I was in a bad place then reeling from a year of continuous partying and failure in school.  But in the foggy haze of my mind there was one thing even then that I could see clearly:.."If I'm not getting fucked up I don't need to unwind."..The twisted up inside feeling that I used to get after a hard day (or a boring day or a sad day) that could only be unwound with booze just doesn't exist when I am not drinking.  When I'm sober and under stress it is a temporary condition.  Sitting quietly for a few minutes does more to actually relieve stress than drinking ever did.  I..
Your post and play the tape forward technique is so helpful. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT 
Sometimes I feel like I'm missing out on things by not drinking..and then I realize - "Oh yeah those are the things I *want* to miss."  .And then I don't miss them at all &lt;3
Great post! Thank you for sharing and reminding me to "think it through" today.
Thanks so much.   I almost took that beer that was offered to me yesterday on a hot day on a patio. Just one beer.   I needed this reminder.   I will not drink with you today
Playing the tape forward rarely work because in some cases when I drank I had no choice due to the mental obsession. Once I changed me perspective with alcohol and how I realize it was meaningless then I could stay sober.
A post I could have write myself. Well done and keep strong. I won't drink with you today 
Wow!  I am so happy for you!  Your post inspires me to continue to do well.  What a strong positive example you are .  I will not have a drink with you today.
Thank you for this. Played the tape forward and i definitely don't want to go there. 
I really do think that 'self harm' encapsulates what we do to ourselves.  I have a 'fuck the world' attitude when I drink but really I'm punishing and destroying myself for my past failures.  I drink to unwind I drink to take the edge off I drink to forget.  I ultimately drink for days on end and always with large blackouts I drink just to try and destroy myself at times I'm trying to drink myself into oblivion.  I've been a heavy drinker for over 20 years.  You're not alone.  I will not drink with you today. 
The imagery you've used here is so spot on it gave me a pit in my stomach (in a totally necessary way)! Like many others I am saving this post to reference when I need to play my own tape forward as this is EXACTLY how way too many nights have turned out. I hope I never experience this again. Thanks for the post!
I've played the tape forward since I broke after 808 days. I've now drank again this weekend. I read this post and it helped but I think I've lost my tape player. The anxiety is building. The depression is deepening. And I'm trying everything possible to escape. I'm exercising going to a counselor and psych reaching out to friends but I'm not even afraid of the alcohol anymore. I'm afraid of the suicidal thoughts that won't stop. Being blackout stops them but I'm crashing and burning using this method. Doubt this will be read and I swear to god I just want to make it through this night without killing myself. 
It's been several months since I've woken up with that horrible feeling of dread and shame and internal cringing that I did something very wrong the previous night.  That feeling of super guilt that I let things get too far and exposed parts of my inner self namely my alcohol fueled anger and rage  that I don't feel comfortable exposing the morning after.  Yep  it's a relief not to have that morning after experience at least once a week! 
Oh Cash in Black.. So glad you posted. Please reach out to someone. You sound very unwell. I too have been suicidal many times. I have Bipolar 1 the most severe type and have been hospitalised with severe mania and psychosis many times. 3 years ago I had a very severe attack a four month inpatient stay very traumatic nearly lost my job and my daughter. My life was a mess. I used to sit alone at night googling suicide. I had tried 4 times before that already with my first severe depressive episode. Can you call the mental health crisis team tonight in your area? Are you alone? Please please talk to us. I've never used it but there is also a live chat support group on here. 808 days in a massive achievement. You've fallen but you can get back up again. I did. You will. We care. I care. Please reach out. Butterfly  
Thanks so much for posting this I just popped over to reset my badge (sober one week) and clicked on this absently. I was not expecting to read about **me exactly.** The pizza all over the carpet my god. Thank you.
Thanks for this. After a little while it is easy to forget what drinking was *really* like and start instead to buy into the romantic notion of what it was like. Play the tape forward. Is that really where you want to be? Nope. Not even a little. I will not drink with you today. 
It's amazing how much mental effort went into planning and hiding my substance abuse. 
This is really powerful. Thank you.
Beautiful. Thank you. 
[removed]
OMG...love this post.  Every single word.  When you spell it all out like that it really is crazy that we have fought to keep our drinking secret for years.  Why did we do that to ourselves for years?  Thanks for posting.  I won't drink with you today. 
:D
You tell great stories!
This has helped me thank you.  Well done for not drinking! 
You must be British seeing as how you get ''takeaway'' and shop at Tesco :)  Anyway playing the tape forward helps but so does applying what Annie Grace said in her book This Naked Mind. Realizing alcohol is so nasty that's not even worth desiring in the first place.
Thanks so much! I will definitely watch  
