-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y0u9z/today_is_my_day_1/

Hi guys.  I've been lurking here for a little bit while I get myself mentally prepared for what I'm going to go through over the next few days...For about three years I've been drinking at least half a two six or its equivalent in beer every night.  I drink until I black out wake up struggle through my day and then do it again.  For two years I didn't believe I had a problem; I convinced myself that the only reason everyone else doesn't drink like I do is because their work schedule doesn't allow it (I work afternoons/evenings).  After finally admitting to myself that my drinking wasn't normal I spent another year drinking like a fish anyway because I just didn't care.  I didn't want to change...I've become increasingly dissatisfied with the person I am.  I'm sick of sneaking flasks to friend's places if I think I'm gonna be staying the night.  I'm sick of not going to the gym or cooking proper meals because I'm just too hungover to care.  I'm sick of waking up not sure if I'm still drunk or just hungover...I've half-assed attempts to quit a few times recently so I sort of know what to expect for withdrawals.  It won't be nearly as bad as what some of you have gone through but it's not pleasant (mostly insomnia the few hours I do sleep I'll be tortured with nightmares and night sweats) but I have the first ten seasons of the Simpsons on DVD and extra clean sheets.  Bring it.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on taking this step. I will not drink with you today. .."Just once I wish someone would call me sir without following it by 'you're making a scene.'" One of my favorite Simpsons moments.
Welcome! Just take one day at a time and let us know how you are doing  
Game on!  Welcome to SD and congrats on Day 1.  I've had many Day 1's over years and years.  This sub had been my lifesaver this time.
Wow! Congrats! Love your resolve. People here post most of the night so you'll have some reading to keep yourself busy as well! Check in- can't wait to see your progress! 
Welcome! Keep checking in we are rooting for you. I'm not drinking with you today.
You can do it!!  I had to use Urban Dictionary for "two six."  It's a Canadian term apparently. 
