-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y483d/at_a_breaking_point/

Hi! I've been a lurker on and off for a couple of years always knowing deep down I had an issue of sorts. I started drinking heavily my freshman year of college mainly to deal with social anxiety in the new environment (and because I felt like a more fun and likable version of myself when drunk). Since then I haven't really stopped. However I have never seen myself as an "addict" as I am a successful woman in my twenties and just didn't seem to fit whatever stereotype of an alcoholic that I held in my mind...Now I feel like I have reached a breaking point. I am in my second year of law school struggling with depression and anxiety. Drinking is the main form of socialization for myself and my fellow law students and I feel like I am losing control. This past week alone I have blacked out three times one being at a law school function where I fell in front of everyone and woke up with multiple injuries. It's not funny anymore and it's certainly not glamorous. I have also let down family members and my boyfriend who has stuck by me for over two years of this behavior. I have recently been partaking in self-harm when I get to a certain level of drunk and sad. It all needs to stop...I just want to share my story and use this group as a form of accountability. I look forward to becoming part of such a supportive community and changing my life for the better. I don't want to abstain from alcohol for the rest of my life but if that's what it takes then I am willing to do it. Thank you for listening and good luck to you all on your journey.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! I can relate to this 100 percent. I actually just joined this sub today and just made my first post. I'm a woman in my 30s who generally has her shit together. I've always pointed to my successes in life as a justification for my out of control drinking behavior. I've also been diagnosed with anxiety while in law school. The drinking makes the anxiety so much worse. I've been struggling with both for years. I'm so happy for you that you are taking this step today and not waiting a decade like I did! 
I can understand what you are going through graduated law school 2 years ago and it definitely was the start of a long and treacherous path which finally brought me to the conclusion that I need to be sober and that moderation does not work for me. If you don't have one i would recommend a therapist (I have a lot of anxiety and it only gets worse once the bar rears it head at least it was like that in my case). For me drinking is a crutch enables me to just put my head in the sand and ignore reality. But that's not how you behave as an adult. I wish you all the best! 
I can understand what you are going through graduated law school 2 years ago and it definitely was the start of a long and treacherous path which finally brought me to the conclusion that I need to be sober and that moderation does not work for me. If you don't have one i would recommend a therapist (I have a lot of anxiety and it only gets worse once the bar rears it head at least it was like that in my case). For me drinking is a crutch enables me to just put my head in the sand and ignore reality. But that's not how you behave as an adult. I wish you all the best! 
I can relate Malibuhall! I'm also here after a recent blackout and fall with injuries and a history with depression and anxiety. Ice arnica and rest are my current best friends. Way to go in taking this step!
Welcome
I can relate too.  I've got a doctorate a great job and a substance problem.  Who says women can't have it all?    If you haven't read it yet you might like Drinking: A Love Story by Carolyn Knapp.  It's a great memoir of dealing with high functioning alcoholism as a young professional woman.
Welcome!  In my experience the drinking culture was toxic in law school (where situational anxiety levels are high even for those who aren't necessarily anxiety prone) and was even worse practicing at a big firm (where the situational anxiety levels are through the roof).  I wish I had found other coping mechanisms as a young lawyer.  I'm very glad you're addressing your drinking problem now rather than allowing it to fester and progress.  You can do it and you'll feel so much better! 
Welcome!  I had decided that I was going to quit drinking but I decided I would start right after my annual girls weekend. I fell down and embarrassed myself that weekend. I haven't had a drink for almost 2 months and it's the best decision I've ever made. I will not drink with you today. 
