-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y845b/baby_steps_or_just_sustainable_would_love_thoughts/

Hey SD!..So I've failed over and over again to genuinely stop drinking. Longest I've been able to go was a month. Yes during that month I felt amazing and I've been trying to reproduce that success ever since. ..My problem I'm a binge drinker. Have been ever since I can remember. I don't love a drink... I love ten drinks... I love getting fucked up. ..How do you feel about successfully moderating as a victory in this struggle? I've found that abstinence from alcohol creates this wild pendulum of alcohol abuse that is extremely difficult to stop swinging. Like so:..3 days - proud of myself for abstaining. Feeling great. Getting shit together..Then... I cave. Get shitfaced. Wake up guilt ridden. Hate myself. Continue this crap for 2 more days because I hate myself. ..Then stop feeling sorry for myself and get back on the horse. ..Rinse - repeat for months. ..The last couple of days I tried another solution at the advice of my therapist; just have one before bed. Dessert if you will. Reward yourself for going the whole day without. When your done with the glass of wine you know it's time to go to bed. So far it's worked! I still wake up feeling great without fetishizing the whole experience. ..I know this sub is about STOP DRINKING but anyone out there just celebrating the small victories like I had the last few nights? Anyone found success or failure in making yourself just a simple system to just-have-one?..Would love your thoughts. I'm hoping this could help me in this struggle of depression/drinking/self loathing. ..Also just want to say thank you to this thread and the people in it! You've helped get me through some darkness by showing me I'm not alone...Plz forgive typos. Typed on mobile. 
----------immediate responses--------

You should consider going to AA meetings. The gratification from a group mentality is strong and even if you slip up there will be no judgement. There is also the added benefit of having many people with various expirences that might be able to relate to yours. It is always worth a shot and the worst thing to come out of trying it is being in the same spot you are in now. Last thing is that volunteering to go is a lot better then being told by a judge because you did something while intoxicated that would get you into trouble.
I think the baby steps is an interesting idea--maybe it will break you of the habit of binge drinking (binge-er here too) once you do it long enough then you can try weaning off of the nightly drink slowly--whatever it takes for you to avoid slipping into the binge drinking habit. ..For me I can't have just one--no matter how much I try. I need a whole bottle of wine so that idea wouldn't work for me. I think it just matters what works for you. 
It's never worked for me long term...I start with that one beer. That works for a while. Eventually the tall boy becomes 2-3 out of a 6 pack. Then the whole 6 pack. Then I'm pouring 5+ shots of vodka in my water bottle throughout the night. ..Do some abusive drinkers become able to drink moderately? Sure... It happens. ..My drinking sounds similar to yours. The finish line for me was blackout and I was in a dead Sprint to get there when I started drinking on any given day. Moderation only worked for brief periods and even then I was frequently lying to myself. I would bring home a beer and drink that one beer but also sneak shots of vodka all night. But in my mind it was just one beer because that was the drink that I was honest about. ..As long as there were no consequences such as fighting with my fiance or whatever I felt like it was under control. But eventually it always led me back to heavy drinking and hiding and lying about it. Wish you the best IWNDWYT
I cannot personally just have one glass of wine. I will down a whole bottle and a half on the "just one more glass" mentality but I've  thought the same thing except can I stop drinking wine and maybe have a beer or two when out with friends in a social setting?  I hardly ever binge on beer because the bloat makes me want to stop after two. Before I discovered wine I drank beer and never had a problem with it. But wine wow it slowly took over my life. I would continue to drink at home alone after the party or sneak drinks after my husband thinks we're done drinking for the night. I never had these issues with beer. I guess I'm just trying to avoid the weirdness from my friends if I don't drink when we hang out. I've thought this notion may be taboo on this site so have been afraid to bring it up. Thank you for being honest. 
I was definitely a binge-drinker too. Now I find it much easier to moderate than to stop entirely especially in social situations. But while I'll allow myself to have one glass of wine with friends if we're at home (mine or theirs doesn't matter) I'll fill half of the glass with lacroix and half with white wine. It gives me the taste of wine and satisfaction of the wine glass but it also reminds me that the lacroix is the most refreshing part of it. ..I realize this isn't a solution for everyone and it definitely takes self-awareness and discipline to flirt with the devil then stop. But if it honestly works for you go for it! (And when it isn't working anymore be honest with yourself then too!).
