-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yar8h/the_good_thing_about_losing_all_your_time/

When you relapse and lose all your time it can be a bummer at first. I took a lot of pride in saying I had however-many months. And let's face it I enjoyed receiving congratulations from other people for conquering an addiction...When you lose that you are faced with a stark question: why do I stay sober? Is it to get "time" coins and bragging rights? Or is it because sobriety is the only way I can live a sane and healthy existence today?..For me it's the latter. I stay sober today because it's the far better choice for me today. That's true whether I have one day or ten years. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I gave up 40 days and need this advice right now. Thank you 
This is such a beautiful post. Thank you so much for sharing this. 
It seems to me that "its a far better choice for me today" would be stated better  "better choice for me." Because it is far healthier and I will live a lot longer. Staying sober has so many benefits (saves money) why not reinforce all that you can think of.
I'm day one too. And I'm in day one. Not last weekend or yesterday. I will make it to day two. Or maybe not. But today on this day one I am sober and strong. 
Sober on!
That's a great way of looking at it. This advice came at a perfect time for me. Thank you
A friend of mine slipped after 29 years of sobriety. His drug of choice was well drugs. Alcohol was never really his deal but sobriety is sobriety and he refrained from all mind and mood altering substances including alcohol for 29 years. ..Last summer he had a beer. One beer. But raised his hand in a meeting came back and started his day count over. ..My point is that no time is really lost. Time is an illusion. All we have is today. And today I will not drink with you. 
I've relapsed as well and I'm back I can't keep doing that to myself. I can't moderate very well and when I do drinking dominates my thoughts. I'm not drinking today.
Thank you for this post. This is day 1 for me - it started off strong but then intense cravings at 530. I didn't give in. Reddit advice a huge help. But yes just focus today. That is my mantra. 
Old-timer once told me at a meeting:..OT: hey kid how long you been sober?..Me: a little over three months...OT: you know what the world record is for sobriety?..Me: (thinking he was about to brag) Not sure OT. Supposing someone came in around 20 and lived into their 90s Maybe like 70+ years or something...OT: 24...24 hours...you got that and your the record holder. Wake up and win it again tomorrow...I'm appreciating that interaction more and more these days. I won't drink with you today!
Well said! 
I have recently realized this also. I just lost almost two months' time but I know now that being sober today is the most important thing.
