-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yat16/this_committee_is_no_longer_in_session/

I'm an overthinker. I'm easily snowed under by doubts and insecurities...My ability to make good decisions for myself was undermined a long long time ago. Then I spent years trying to prove to myself that the people who undermined me were right: I couldn't make good decisions. And in this I largely succeeded. Thanks alcohol! :/..About a year ago I was struggling to make a decision about something I was certain normal people didn't struggle with. It was something basic though I don't remember exactly what it was about. Probably whether to go to the store now or later or whether to start a load of whites or a load of delicates first--something banal...The thought came to me in the midst of my anxiety: The time for deciding is over. This committee is no longer in session...It was such a relief to realize that. I was brought up to value thinking analysis all that good stuff. And it IS good stuff don't get me wrong--but sometimes I have to end the session. We can always reconvene tomorrow...I wouldn't go to a place of business after it had closed pound on the doors and yell for someone to open up and serve me. I wouldn't demand a committee reconvene to hash everything out again once it had concluded. So why was I doing that to myself?..I'm better off giving myself a 2-minute window max to make the decision not to drink. I'm better off doing it first thing like immediately upon waking and then for the rest of the day the time for deciding is over...Bonus side effect: Doing this really ramps down my anxiety levels...Thanks r/stopdrinking for always giving me stuff to think about besides pointless toxic nonsense. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

The days when I decide first thing not to drink always seem easier than the ones where I am struggling with the decision all day. Even if I decide not to and then get really bad cravings later... I've already decided. 
&gt; I'm better off giving myself a 2-minute window max to make the decision not to drink. I'm better off doing it first thing like immediately upon waking and then for the rest of the day the time for deciding is over...Yes!
My wife sometimes calls me "Hamlet". Truth. Used to be a lot more often.  
