-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yfqno/60_days_eat_that_drinking_dream/

So I had a dream last night that I was drinking wine and instead of getting my medallion for 60 days I had to start all over and admit to the group that I relapsed. I woke up this morning and realized it was all just a dream. I am so relieved. I had similar dreams right before 30 days. I don't mind drinking dreams as long as I always wake up relieved and ready to keep kicking ass. It wasn't easy to get here. I went from a life or death situation of over-intoxication oversedation and almost getting intubated to here where I am picking up all the pieces and making my life better every day. I feel so much better than I did that first week. I hope I can make it to a meeting tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Strange seeing you in this subreddit ; )  (Jax here) ..Awesome work !
Congrats!
I had (what I thought were) the worst drinking dreams. I am so thankful I haven't had any for quite some time now.  Good on you for taking them in stride.  Great job on the 60 days I will not drink with you today!
I had a dream a couple nights ago that I had a few drinks and was stressing out waiting to sober up so I could blow in my car's blower and go home. Woke up so happy that I hadn't had a drink.
Congratulations on your courageous efforts! I hope that the pieces of your life continue to come together to forge a paramount mosaic of strength and beauty. And maybe fear invoking nightmares are showing us how dreamlike our waking hours really are. Enjoy your successes!
You go! I am on day 2 and hope to be at 60 some day
Funny how long alcohol's sway over your subconscious can last. Great job on two months. I will not drink with you today!.
Cheers !
Good job! I joined the sixty day club recently as well. It seems like every other night I have a drinking dream and feel the disappointment in dream land.  Not sure what is going on there but I won't be drinking with you in real life today!
Congratulations! I dreamed I drank and had to start over last night. Agony! So nice to wake up from.
I've had those dreams multiple times they feel so real too! That's the scariest part for me I actually think I'm drunk or high! But then I wake up and all is good. Glad I'm not alone. I will not drink with you!
