-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yh5az/im_7_days_sober_struggling_with_so_drinking_daily/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

You can only save one life. Yours or his.  Got it?  Don't worry about what he does and focus on what you need to do to stay sober. Then do it. If it means leaving him then leave.
IMO cannabis is much better for you than drinking in nearly every facet. Why does your SO smoking bother you more than drinking?
It is bullshit that he has something to say about your drinking but then has no interest in curbing his own use/drinking. That being said your sobriety is *yours* to control. ..Is he being a huge jerk? You bet. I'd tell him that too but be prepared for an argument. Beyond letting him know that his actions are upsetting to you there's not much else you can do. I realized early on that resentment was not helpful to my sobriety. I say what I feel and then people can take it for what they will... they can choose to treat me with respect and we move forward together or they can be selfish and judgmental and I can leave them behind. ..I don't need their negativity my health and sanity is more important than their hurt feelings and lack of empathy. ..Stay strong. I won't drink with you. 
In my experience in recovery over 31 years sometimes newly sober members of the AA fellowship find it necessary to take a break from a relationship where their partner's still using.  I was lucky my wife who drinks fine wine on her own accord took a 10 month break and cleared all the wine and booze out of our house.  What I would do in your situation is check out an AlAnon meeting and seek support but above all else--I would not drink.
Does it bother you that he can moderate drinking and you can't? I know that bothers me sometimes with my SO she can have 2 drinks and stop; when I have 2 drinks I'm drinking the rest of the day. ..
Sorry for your struggles. My advice would be to take care of you first and foremost. As much as we love our SO's there is not much we can do about their issues just like there was not much they could do about ours. Wishing you strength and peace on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
I just want to kindly mention that I remember being very sensitive to many things early on. It was such an emotional rollercoaster for me that sometimes something very small could feel like a such a personal slight and absolutely devastate me! I'm not saying your issue is not significant and will never have to be addressed. I'm only encouraging you to be patient try not to take anything personally and above all be kind to yourself right now.     
