-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yi1xr/i_worry_i_cant_get_past_5_12_months_previous/

I've been working to get sober for over a year my first attempt a year ago was for 5 1/2 months. This is my 4th attempt and most serious one yet -- I'm feeling confident moving forward but I keep having this feeling like I'm "doomed" to relapse at the 5 1/2 months because that's what happened last time. I try to remind myself I'll be in a much different place in February 2018 vs. December 2016. Does anyone feel that same type of discouragement/fear because of a previous relapse? 
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely. I think it's quite common. It's uncharted territory. Naturally that will create some angst. The longest I've made it is about 3.5 months... I find myself getting anxious about going past that mark. For me I think the one day at a time mantra is about the best I can do.
My trick on a relapse was to give myself credit for the things that worked and figure out what made me slip.  Then I'd try and avoid the situation that made me slip.  5 1/2 months is a great accomplishment so obviously you've got a lot of things that work...However for me a big part of it is not looking forward to the future and that went double for me early on.  I was terrified I couldn't quit and that feeling was magnified by 'forever'.  Like quitting 'forever' felt too hard and too long.  So I stopped thinking of forever and just told myself I wasn't drinking 'today' and I'd worry about the rest tomorrow.  It wasn't easy despite the cliches people need to plan for the future in their lives and I was no exception.  Thinking about the future in a lot of circumstances is helpful.  This just wasn't one of them.  So it took some mental training but it sure helped me.
Thanks for your post I'm currently treading those waters right now. I would be devastated if I drank after all this time so I can imagine how your currently feeling. Keep it up now and you will back on track long before spring. This is YOUR moment. 
