-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yin72/drankbeen_drunk_almost_every_single_day_for_6/

And just want to say I'm so thankful for finding this sub today. Seeing people that are sharing the same struggles makes me feel not so alone with this. And the success stories are inspirational. ..I've been a bartender since 2012 and was always a drinker before that. But the past few years my life has basically revolved around alcohol. I would go out with my friends and drink till close then go home and drink till 6am. And the nights I worked I would get drunk on shift and do the same thing. All while going to school and participating in internships. The amount of times I've gone to class or work still drunk with 2 hours of sleep is embarrassing and frankly disgusting...I've felt myself getting more and more out of control over the past couple months  and I've damaged some of the personal relationships I hold most dear over the past few weeks. I'm gonna do my best to just make it one day at a time right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah that's the only thing that works for me too one day at a time. Today I will not drink with you. Welcome!
ODAT !!
You are a WARRIOR KING! Prowl the streets sober and proud. Claim the conscious world as your home. Watch as good tidings come to you because of COSMIC GRACE surging through you..
Hell yea. One day at a time. 
Hang in there bud! Not drinking with you today! 
Well done I won't drink with you!
One day at a time man. 
Welcome aboard to the best little corner of the internet. We're all rooting for you.
It's the best decision you will ever make. We are all with you!
Being a bartender is like being a vampire who sucks booze instead of blood. 
I did it since 2001. I feel ya. Keep pushin. We can be normal again! 
[removed]
You got this! I won't drink with you today.
I'll join you in not drinking today!
Hell yeah man. I've been in the same spot. Cheers to taking the reins of life and making it happen!
Great choice!!! Keep up the good work..I won't drink with you today!
Great last line. One day at a time. Well played. Iwndwyt.
Good luck.
[removed]
You got this. Realizing and acknowledgin the problem is the most difficult step. 
Lets do this! 
Holy shit well done. Powerful human. 
Well done! That's fantastic. 
I'm on day 4 of being dry myself after 17 years of being an alcoholic. Let's own this shit!! I will not be drinking with you today. 
I am on day two. I was not a professional bartender but I was my own bartender willing to keep pouring the drinks for me. Two days without a drink today something I have not done in YEARS. Really think about it. Years of not being able to go through a day without altering your mental status. Congratulations and I wish all the success on your journey which is just not sobriety but a wonderful life.
Go for it mate. One day at a time. Let's keep sober together just for today 
One day at a time is a great plan.  Glad you found this sub it has helped me for 2 months!  Cheers to day 5!
I also bartend. I don't drink on shift really but i used to stay up til 5 6 or even 8 drinking beer after beer and playing video games or some other BS. ..I guess everyone operates differently but I think I would die of anxiety running on 2 hours of sleep and having to function. ..If you have the mental fortitude to get up and go to class even through that I'd say you have more than enough to keep sober. Good luck to you. Hope to see you around!
It took me two tries to get it right OP...Sometimes sobriety is "One Day At A Time"...Sometimes it's "One Hour At A Time"...And occasionally it's "One Minute At A Time"...Booze is like a lover. It doesn't want to let you go. It will make false promises (just one or two...it'll be OK..). Don't ever let your guard down.  Here's something that will likely [help in the struggle](https://www.google.com/search?q=panel+of+eleven+genes+predicts+alcohol&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8) (the first and third links)...You can do this. 
So great that you came to this realization. In time I really believe that you can mend those relationships that alcohol ruined. In time. Right now focus on not drinking and enjoy getting to know yourself again. 
Hang in there one day at a time.
Welcome and congrats on day 4! Proud of you you can do this!
Welcome! You've got 78k+ backing you up here in this amazing community :).
I just quit bartending after 17 years. The money is great but that lifestyle will destroy you. I was the master at sneaking shots behind the bar (bartenders must have a 0.0 BAC when working in my state). I could probably count 10-15 shots at the end of most shifts...shift beers after closing at 4:30am. After I quit drinking I realized I had to quit bartending. Not because being around alcohol was too much of a temptation. I just became disgusted with the fact that my job revolved around getting people wasted. Although it was my duty to serve responsibly I hated being a babysitter. How many people leave the bar and drive home? How many people leave drunk and get taken advantage of? How many people are fellow alcoholics that I continue to serve? The list goes on and on. Don't let that job seduce you! Keep up the sobriety! The first week is a bitch...you can do it! As I approach 1 year I can't believe I waited so long to quit drinking. Before I quit I thought people who raved about sobriety and how good it felt were full of shit. Now I understand. Quitting alcohol is hard but in time your brain chemistry will begin to come back online. Things start improving across the board 100%. Crawling out of that hole you've dug yourself is the hardest part. It is possible. 
I can completely relate man. I own a brewery and my life and livelihood essentially revolve around beer. I've been doing better in the past few weeks but I stumbled yet again last night and had to request a badge reset this morning. Let's both challenge ourselves to do better - I will not drink with you today!
Good job dude! No offense but how the fuck is your liver still going?
I'm 2 days in.. I will not drink with you today 
