-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yn5uy/time_measured_in_relapses_how_long_have_you_been/

Hello SD friends...I committed to getting sober 76 days ago today I've stumbled and grown a ton since then.  Like most of you I have relapsed a few times...I knew from the start of my SD journey that the important part is changing my behavior not the number on my badge.  But I've started to think of my badge more like a ratio of sober to drinking days than a perfect zero alcohol streak.  My 20 day badge is true but I'm just as proud of my past 75 days in which I drank in only 5 days over the span of 3 separate relapses.  That's 15 to 1 ratio...I think the 'current streak' badge is great and I'll wake up early tomorrow to see my 3 week but I don't think it tells the whole story of my SD journey.  The first month that I joined SD I went sober for a over month my first try then a 3 day bender.  14 days dry 1 Sunday day drinking.  4 days clean then a night of whiskey.  Finally 20 days living right.  I think it would be interested to have an array of badges that reflect more of the whole journey...How long have you been a part of this community?  Over how many relapses?  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; My 20 day badge is true but I'm just as proud of my past 75 days..You should be.  I think that's a great way to look at it.  I've been a part of this community for over 2 years and yes I had relapses.  I give anyone a lot of credit for coming back.  It takes real strength.
No relapse for me yet. May happen at some point but not today
[removed]
I've been on SD for about a year now. This badge around is my most truthful representation. I'm pretty pumped! because it would seem this time around is actually quite different. Between reading the naked mind SD and all the other NLP and habit changing stuff I have immersed myself in its working! Very little to know cravings despite going thru a breakup with my ex of 5 years. .Once you 'get' the fact that you are putting poison in your very precious and beautiful body all in the name of making some dudes money because they tell us that's how we have fun. ..No Thanks. I'll take vitality instead. .
Years.  I switched alts a while back but let's just say this ain't my first rodeo.
[removed]
Been here for a few relapses.  6 months is my all time high but I have never had a better adjustment (good place in life now I guess) than the past 60 days.  I have been through vacation holidays class reunion and will be captain of the lake boat starting tomorrow for a buddy's bachelor party.  Everyone knows I am sober and are encouraging me so that I will be the boat driver haha.
I love this post because I've been thinking about this very topic myself! I have been mostly sober for 4 months and 4 days. Relapsed 4 times. While I tend to beat myself up about that I have to remember that I've been sober wayyy more of the past 4 months than I have been drunk. 
I have been part of this community for about two years with the first accounts being burners. I have tried quitting often in the past I would say about 20 times with most making it a few days. The good ones were two weeks. A relapse would start innocent like a glass of wine with dinner but it would slowly ramp up again to where I was buying drinks for the house and occasional binges. I would stop start and stop with about four months in between. Ugh. This time I am really serious though due to a dull pain I have on my side. I am not off of alcohol completely I am already planning to drink on Halloween and had two beers over the weekend. I just know that if I don't get fully sober at least 95% of the time I have to go 100% for life. And now I am going to be a father in March which is going to be an even greater reason to stop. 
For me one drink will throw me over the cliffs of insanity. For me sobriety is about creating a life in which I can be happy and satisfied without craving the clouding of my mind and emotions that is created by alcohol. .Mawwiage mawwiage to this sober life is of utmost importance to my happiness. I need to be faithful to sobriety every day and I have faith that I have been granted the strength to stay sober today. I have also been granted happiness contentment and opportunities to grow and learn and help others. .These gifts are priceless to me and today I have been granted the wisdom to see that I would be destroying my life if I traded these gifts for a drink. 
