-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yo5bv/seeking_advice_regarding_moderation/

It's inspiring to see both the successes and the struggles on this sub. Thank you everyone for sharing! That said I'm not looking to quit completely. I've never drank to the point where I endanger myself or others nor has my my quality of life been significantly affected. I am reading This Naked Mind though and I have found it quite interesting thus far...My question is: has anyone here had any success with lowering the amount that they drink on a regular basis? I would like to have two to three sober nights per week and never have more than four drinks in one sitting. At this point I probably have one sober night a week and one or two nights a week where I have four to six drinks. ..I'm a 33-year-old female 5'8" 140 lbs. and I'm doing this for my general physical and mental well-being. Any advice would be much appreciated. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm here because I cannot moderate. I can't speak for everyone but you might find that to be true of a lot of other redditors on this sub as well.
I tried to moderate but gave up trying to arm-wrestle with alcoholism...My guess is if you could moderate you would already be doing it. 
I have struggled with moderation for years and finally decided not drinking was the only way to moderate for me. I wish you luck
&gt; I would like to have two to three sober nights per week and never have more than four drinks in one sitting...Sounds great to me...*My* problem is that whenever I tried something like that within a month the plan was shot...I don't know if you have any thoughts about The Big Book of AA but at the bottom of p. 88 is this little nugget of truth: "*We alcoholics are undisciplined.*"..If you can moderate per your plan I raise my glass of water to you!..If you give it a go and are back to your "normal" habits before Thanksgiving you might reconsider "not looking to quit completely."..My two cents. Cheers!
I began here with the knowledge that my moderation needed improvement and that alcohol was negatively affecting my life.  I found it was not as easy for me as it used to be for whatever reason..My guess is you will experience what I have and what SOmuch2learn mentioned which is that monitoring is or will become an arm-wrest an anxiety producing exercise each time you are drinking with others.  Only you can know if there's any truth to that.  Personally I have had mixed success with moderation but I certainly see that there is a real freedom associated with going into any situation and just knowing you will not be drinking.
I cut back on drinking with some success for a few months but I came to realize that I didn't like moderating. It wasn't any fun. I wanted to be drunk. It was harder to say no to another drink after I'd already had one or two. I was a binge drinker and weekend partier...I find it easier and more fun to do activities that aren't focused around alcohol and just avoid it completely. Like going to a movie or a bike ride instead of going to the bar on the weekends. I feel like it makes me a stronger person and I don't have to fight the urge to accept another drink. I only have to say no to one drink the first one. 
Here is my observation on moderation...The first I knew about alcoholism was when I was about eight years old my sister and I were standing on the lawn in front of our house when they took my mom away in an ambulance.   After that (over the next day? The next couple of days? It's not clear to me) my dad explained to us that my mom drink too much and she made herself very sick. The next thing I can remember is just it be my reality that my mom was in AA.  And she went into the AA thing like - ALL IN.   I think that her involvement in AA even further strained her relationship with my dad.  Even after they divorced she did her sobriety thing like a religion.  She did that for gosh it must've been at least 20 years.   ..About 15 years ago she reconnected with a man that she had known in high school before she married my dad.   He's a "good" Mormon who lives in Missouri.  They started traveling the world together but he drinks alcohol. She figured that after 20+ years of sobriety that she can start on the bottom of that whole process in terms of losing power over alcohol.  ..It wasn't more than about a year before she called me to take her to the hospital.  She had stuck her hand into a running lawnmower it 845 in the morning.  I didn't realize it at the time but I sat there as the emergency room doctor- i'm not sure with the right word here is-chided? Lectured? Scolded?   My mom about the fact that she was drunk at 9:15 in the morning.  Around that time she lapsed into a black depression and my husband and I quickly bought a house very close to hers so we could keep an eye her.  Anyway there were a few more ugly unflattering things that happened and then she climbed back on the wagon where she's been again for a very long time.  She's really really good at the AA thing. Since she's retired she's always there to take people to doctors appointments to pick them up for meetings to arrange for a place for them to stay if necessary.  She's a real resource for people trying to quit so that's a beautiful thing.  .. My point is only this - if my mom - who is an incredibly strong willed person - couldn't make moderation work even after 20+ years of sobriety and I'm pretty skeptical that it can be done by very many people.  ..Believe me I wish I was wrong about this.  .I agree with the person who said that if you're back to your habits by Thanksgiving it may be time to reevaluate.  ..Wishing you all the best-all the good luck in the world.  
As an alcoholic I found it easier to keep the tiger caged as opposed to trying to walk it around on a leash.
I cannot not moderate alcohol it's like a vehicle with no reverse it's not going to happen. That is the only way to describe the way my body reacts.
No your in the wrong place op this isn't dial back drinking or reduce drinking it's stop drinking. Try it yourself after a month break and see how you react 
I am in a similar situation. I don't think I have a "drinking problem" so much as I just choose to drink too much and too often. Lately I've been choosing not to drink most of the time. ..I feel more energetic less bloated I think I've started losing weight already. I'm less anxious and depressed. Little things that used to feel overwhelming are no big deal now. I'm remembering other ways to "escape" - into music into the wilderness into a good book etc. Rather than into a bottle. And those other entertainments genuinely make me feel good - not the fake fleeting cheerfulness of a buzz. ..Anyway I took all of last week off after daily drinking for the past few years. Before that I cut the quantity down by bought smaller bottles so I couldn't overdo it as much as I had been - when I run out I have to consciously decide whether to get more knowing that if I do I'll feel like shit all day tomorrow. That's usually enough to stop me. ..I didn't have withdrawal symptoms - I was taking CBD oil to sleep and to reduce any cravings...I only developed the habit of drinking too much when my income allowed for it. I used to drink socially and occasionally at parties etc. That was fine for two decades. That's where I want to be from now on. 
&gt; I would like to have two to three sober nights per week and never have more than four drinks in one sitting...This was almost my EXACT idea too. I tried many times and failed. As many others here said within a few weeks to a month I was back to old habits. On top of that I spent so much time thinking and planning my drinking it became exhausting. 
Sure!  It's possible!  Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
You're much like myself before deciding to quit and I am also in my thirties (32 this month). I was drinking 1-3 during the week and sometimes 4-7 on the weekend but not always. I have tried moderating in the past and it has always failed. I actually remember writing a post here (under another handle) talking about how good I was at moderating. I actually was good. I drank 1-2 beers every other night maybe 3-4 on a weekend. I kept it up for a couple months but my wife and I would go to these office holiday parties where I would drink more than I should. Then of course I would start stocking lots of booze at the house which was not a good idea lol. A "fun night" as I would call it started happening more often than I would prefer. So to be perfectly honest it is possible to moderate but it's just REALLY difficult. Like This Naked Mind says it's rare that one starts drinking less because most of us chase the high. My plan as of now is to continue going dry. I am going to experiment and have drinks on Halloween. Probably not a good idea but an experiment none the less to see if I would truly fall off the wagon after 2 months under my belt. Hope the best for you and that you find a solution that works best! We only have ourselves to look to for our own health and prosperity. .
I can't moderate alcohol. I wish I could so badly but I can't. It is what it is. Good luck to you. Maybe you're different. 
I tried and failed at moderation multiple times. I always wanted and drank more. I finally believed my own eyes. I just cannot drink. I can't have a couple and walk away. The glass needs to be re-filled. Some can do it. I couldn't. ..I wanted to feel normal like everyone else. Stopping was an admission of failure. I grieved the notion of quitting. Looking back I just wasted time. I think wanting/trying to moderate is a normal human response. ..I wish you well friend.
When it "worked" and i use that term loosely it was not worth it...I wanted more chafed at the restrictions tried to stretch any and all rules.....As others here are saying zero is so much easier.
Moderation does not work for me because once I have that first drink the obsession returns. Once it returns trying to moderate is a herculean task. If I've given myself permission to drink occasionally what ends up happening is I think about it all the time. Can I drink tonight? Is it late enough in the day for a drink? Could I call out of work and go day drinking? Wouldn't a cocktail be good right about now? Who can I call to go out with?..No. I'm better off if I'm in a place where the answer to those questions is simply: "I don't drink"..I have drank to the point where I've endangered myself and others I can point to alcohol being a factor in most of the problems I've had as an adult. I know I can't drink like other people and frankly at this point I don't even want to. I want peace and prosperity in my life and I'll get neither of those things if I have even one drink. There's nowhere left to hide for me. I can't do it anymore.
Everyone is different   iv tried a few times and with great success but I keep realizing now that the more I'm totally away from it the better I feel and act.  I had the same thoughts about tryinf to moderate and each time I 'moderated' I would go off the rails on the third or fourth moderation day.. and each time this occurred that mod day got worse and worse... rince repeat.  I was only aware of this from writing down my feelings and thoughts after and they only got worse.   Just my experience though.  
I actually have had some success with this. I've stopped drinking during the week and have limited myself to 3 drinks when I do. I have to continually remind myself what my new moderation is. I do binge on occasion and then get a crap night of sleep and a hangover. This usually sets be back on track.
Truthfully drinking 4-5 nights a week still puts you in the "heavy drinking" category and 4 drinks in one sitting is binge drinking for women.  For me one of the more startling revelations was that my idea of moderation was still more than most people consume
Moderation is too much work and ultimately not worth it from my perspective. Way way easier just to live another way. 
