-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yx5jw/how_many_times_did_you_relapse_before_you_could/

I have yet to hit the 7 day mark. I almost did--then I woke up a cranky bitch on Wednesday and had to have a little bit of wine to feel normal again because I hated the cranky me. Today I felt oddly shaky--not like major shakes but it was hard putting on eyeliner. Clonazepam which I have for my anxiety helped but now I'm getting shaky again. ..I feel so guilty--all these people rooting for my sobriety at the AA meetings and I can't even make it to Day 7 which would have been yesterday. I intensely fear disappointing people and their reactions if they found out that today is only Day 2 not Day 8. I'm trying to justify it as "maybe I needed to taper instead of quit cold turkey" but I don't know how well that rationale would fly in AA. (I was drinking a bottle of wine per day then tapered down to a bottle of wine twice a week in binges before trying to quit entirely). I'm trying so hard to be honest with myself that yes I did have a drink on Wednesday even though I desperately want today to be Day 8 of recovery in the bigger picture instead of being strictly adherent to 100% sobriety and feeling like a failure. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me I was actually pretty successful making it to a week (usually 2-3) the few times quitting. It was until my 10th or so attempt that I found it harder to get there. It seems like every time I tried to quit the grip of alcohol became stronger and days sober felt LONGER. 
This is my first time. Never really tried before. Would simply ignore my "I'm never drinking again" convictions every weekend by the time my previous night's hangover subsided. I don't know if I was crazy or just Irish.
it took me 3 or 4 solid attempts to get here. i finally fully accepted that i am an alcoholic and moderation is not possible for me. other people view alcohol is simply a beverage. that will never be the case for me no matter what.
I had one super long relapse (in the neighborhood of 9 months to a year) wherein I tried to quit every single day without success . That finally ended with a weekend bender that almost ended me. That was the lowest bottom I'd ever dug for myself. I quit as soon as I sobered up. ..I don't recommend doing it my way but if it was easy to quit this sub and AA wouldn't exist.
[removed]
Reading This Naked Mind made all the difference to me.  It puts it all in perspective.
I'm on 6 times. I'm tired and weak. 
I don't remember how many times it took until I first hit 7 but I remember struggling a lot and that often getting past day 3 was insanely hard.  I also know that I tried over and over and eventually it got easier...I hope you're not putting too much pressure on yourself over the day count.  I used to do that and it just made things harder.  It took me a lot of practice to get into the 'one day at a time' headspace...
A lot.  Probably more than 20.
I think maybe 3. The first time I got sober willingly I made it 8 days. 17 the second time. And since then 1-3 days here and there. Until now. 
Lost count. But I'm better than I was. Keep trying!
