-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yykwp/i_made_it_through_vegas/

I've been sober for 25 days now and last week was the most difficult by far. I want to tell you all about it because I know this is a community that will care!..I had a work trip that took me to Vegas by myself for 4 days. If you've ever been to Vegas you know it's absolutely soaked in booze 24/7. To make matters worse there were multiple parties with an open bar throughout the 4 days. Me and open bars....well we've got a long turbulent relationship with each other...At one point I ordered a free Corona from the bar and I had it in my hand. I was salivating about the damn thing. I immediately texted a friend she said "don't" and I put it down without taking a sip. At another point I ordered a ginger ale (it's easier to not drink when I can hold a non-alcoholic drink and socialize) and had to stop the bartender when he went to put rum in it. (He seemed confused)...Despite it all....I made it. It was my biggest test yet and I did it. I know this battle will always be raging inside me but a victory like this gives me the confidence that I can stick with it through some challenging times...I've been lurking this sub for a few weeks now and just wanted to tell you all about my small victory and also thank you all for existing. In times of struggles the phrase "I will not drink with you today" rings through my mind and it helps. You are all awesome!..&lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Wow made it through Vegas - that is pretty amazing. Seriously good job :).I too love the "I will not drink with you today" - it seems so simple but has left an impact on my already! 
I'm with you bud! Good job! I live there and I know how automatic it is for others to just throw it in your face. Keep pushing! 
Excellent! Great job.
Bloody hell thats good going - Im English and was there in 2002 - didn't leave the Luxor for 2 weeks. Will not drink with you today x 
Congrats man! Gives you so much motivation to build on
Congrats.  Welcome to FTZ!
Um it's ma'am lol
Congrats!! 
This is huge. Good job! I like that you texted your friend. 
So proud of you! We can  do hard things and you totally did!! 
That's insane. I have 4 days and a work trip to Vegas coming up in January. I'm excited and scared about it at the same time. Especially the flight because I've never been able to fly without getting a buzz on first. I am extremely scared of flying. Maybe by then I'll have the time and tools to just have fun without alcohol. ..Now Gambling and Strippers are a whole other story ;)
Thanks for sharing. I have a Vegas work trip in 2 months myself that I'm already starting to stress over because I've been there and know the temptation.
amazing darlin! and that much closer to a month! &lt;3 
Congrats!!!!!  Making it through Vegas is great!! When I conquered Vegas I knew my life would be better!  ."I know this battle will always be raging inside me".The more time you get  the less the battle rages inside - at some point it becomes normal not to drink. 
Awesome job :) did you see Britney? 
Nice job! 
Congrats! I know how hard it can be I live in Vegas lol 
I also made it through Vegas in July. And here's my takeaway: if you (I) made it through Vegas you (I) can make it through anything! Great job. 
This is amazing. ..You made it through (correct me if I'm wrong) one of the most unaccomodating places for sober individuals in the world even while still in the relatively early days! 
I also just got back from Vegas and from old habits.  I wish I was posting your post right now though.
I was in Vegas last month it was my first time there and I was surprised at how much booze was everywhere. I made it  glad you made it too! I will not drink with you!
