-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6z3lij/struggling_today/

I'm really struggling today. I heard some friends of mine that were bad mouthing me from the last time I was drunk. I feel really low in myself and would usually go and get drunk when I feel like this. But instead I'm having a cup of tea with some biscuits browsing on here which is helping me through. Hope your all having a good Saturday x
----------immediate responses--------

If they are doing that then they are not your real friends! Trust me I have done enough embarrassing things for the both of us while drunk but I still have a few solid friends who I know would never do that. You deserve better! 
Good on you! Try not to worry about the Haters. If there's one thing I've learned is they don't really hate they're just confused....stick with not boozing and they'll have very little to talk about and the vitriol will move to somebody else.  Have a great evening!
Yeah don't let anyone shame you. If you are anything like me you do a great job of that on your own. I think a real turning point for me was when I slipped and got wasted and a girl I was seeing just let me have it. For hours. I didn't even think I was that obnoxious- I had certainly had worse drunks. ..I went home and thought about how hard I had been trying to stay sober and how no one had treated me like that in a really long time--maybe because I had been trying so hard maybe because I had surrounded myself with supportive friends--but no one had talked shit like that about me except me. And I did talk like that about myself to myself whenever I relapsed. ..So I had this moment of self-forgiveness and love and I decided that no one--not the girl not me no one-- got to treat me like shit for fucking up especially if I was legitimately trying to do something different. And something shifted in me; I was able to let go of a lot of shame around my alcoholism. It was a huge thing. I did end up drinking a couple more times and I ended up needing meds for cravings in addition to the stuff I was already doing but I REALLY think that was a major factor in finally getting some lasting distance from the booze. Had to stop the shame spiral. ..I send woo! You are still a worthy human being even if you got drunk. Really. Fuck anyone who tries to make you feel otherwise. 
Ah Thank you so much. Xx
That's what I think too. Thank you and have a good weekend x
Thank you. I think I'm going to focus on that from now on and distance myself from any negativity. Have a great weekend x
I was struggling recently for the opposite reason--a friend of mine told me that he missed "the drinking me" and that sober me was boring and anti-social. I cried in my car and more when I got home. Being sober really shows who your friends are and who your fair-weather drinking buddies are. ..I hope you're feeling better! Small minds talk about other people. 
It really does. I just keep playing over and over the reasons I can't drink and the awful memeories and that keeps me going on. X
I will not drink today. The biscuit situation in Texas is pretty grim though so you're on your own on that front unfortunately!..Keep on keepin' on! 
They are no friends drunk you isn't you and also now doesn't exist...What type of biscuits?
Thank you!! Cream custards  
