-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6z8v4f/one_year_sober_after_many_not/

What a Journey this has been I discovered along the way I have some grit and fight in me. I started down this road three almost 4 years ago after a trip to the ER. Since then I have been to rehab twice and gotten arrested twice for DUI so the disease in me wasn't going down easy. I relapsed last summer and my friend took me into treatment again and I finally said "I'm done" so I did everything that was suggested and that included moving into a sober living house and getting a sponsor and working "the steps". I didn't have a car or license and found employment it was literally a miracle I found this job. I biked 3.5 miles one way to get there and didn't get home until almost 1 am each night. ..Some days I didn't know how I was going to make it being sober or even getting to work because of weather or the cold. I met a great friend in recovery who helped me along the way though and we currently share an apartment. Looking back I see how low I was and how fragile and powerless I had become. Today I feel powerful and grateful that I swallowed my pride and asked for help and became uncomfortable in order to grow. It feels absolutely wonderful to be alive and awake and not numb or barely conscious if that makes sense. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! ..&gt; Today I feel powerful and grateful that I swallowed my pride and asked for help and became uncomfortable in order to grow...YES! I've said so many times before that once I allowed myself to be vulnerable my healing was finally able to begin. Now I am strong. I'm so glad you are feeling powerful. What a feeling! Keep it up you're doing amazing things. I won't drink with you today. 
wow! Congratulations!!! I'm soooo happy for you. You are an inspiration for me. Keep on going! I will not drink with you today     
Yaaaaas!!! I'm so happy to read this KOTK!!!     
At three months I thought there is no way I can make a year. 
Great post. Congratulations friend. I'll not drink with you today.
