-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zepue/something_sd_has_really_helped_me_with/

Not even necessarily a drinking related thing. Reading posts here has just really helped me to realise that almost everyone struggles. So many of us humans face inner turmoil issues with ourselves trouble connecting to others anxiety frustration sadness etc. For some reason I tend to feel like everyone but me has it all together which leads to me feeling inadequate. And it just isn't true! I suppose it's because in day to day life we all put on a brave face and act like we have our shit together. We all feel somewhat isolated in our struggles. But we're really not alone. Especially not here on SD!...Here's to everyone here trying to tackle their problems and better themselves. :) Thank you all for being real and honest.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel much less isolated here. 
We're all in it together here!  You're the community !
true words! I will not drink with you today my friend  
I face two huge family problems and have kept them to myself for a long time. Once I started to talk about it was *amazing* how "everyone" had the same problem. It was like others were waiting for me to say it. People were and are like "yes I have that too" "my &lt;direct relationship&gt; has that too"..It's good to have a nice safe place to be honest with ourselves and with others
Absolutely spot on.  We are all real people with a million different stories to tell - but we have so much in common.
I found the same! I  lurked here started recognizing different pieces of what I thought was my own story. I have been holding on so tightly to my own shame that I couldn't see past it. I put it into words and let it go and I truly feel better for it.  I'm back at day 1 but I am so happy to be here!
Yup people who know we are alcoholics think as soon as we stop drinking we are miraculously healed! We're not we have good and bad days. Its nice to come here and read someone else's struggles and identify with them it makes us feel more human and less alone.
Best of luck hope you kick it's ass. I found the Allen Carr book and exercise really helpful
I completely agree. It is refreshing to see that I am not that only one struggling. Additionally when reading some post it can also be a great reminder of just how blessed I am because there are plenty of individuals on here who have it way worse than me. Those serve as an inspiration. If he/she can stay sober with that going on well that puts my troubles in perspective. ..Very glad I found SD. Wouldn't be 19 days dry without it  
Very true. We often feel that we are the only ones struggling. Often we are not alone. Often others would gladly trade with you. 
Truly one of the most helpful - non judging spots ever!
I love this post. And even people not struggling with addiction have bad problems. I found that self pity about my addiction was a crutch. Time for me to grow up!
You never know the things people are going through. My mom always told me that growing up "you never know what it's like to walk in their shoes." Most people would never know how much I struggle with this. You aren't alone! 
Absolutely!  I'm a "loser":) and proud of it!  Seriously though *everyone* has problems.  It's a beautiful part of the human condition.  
Overcoming your struggles is the battle of a lifetime. It's a battle I'm not prepared to lose. 
Thank you for this. It makes me feel less alone too.
We're all just really good at pretending that we have our shit together. If we would let ourselves admit that we don't we'd find out way more people don't. The second I started saying "I got no idea what the heck I'm doing out here" people started to resonate with that. I started to be surrounded by people sharing tools to cope with life and the pains of being human - journaling meditating reading yoga etc. - and I started to feel better. I didn't have to have it figured out. I just had to my best each moment. And each moment that I did my best my best got a little bit better. 
I have been sober a while now and still seek guidance from my recovery based support group! ..I actually think it is one of the biggest gifts I learned in sobriety.  That it is totally ok to talk to someone when I am feeling down or a bit sideways. 
Everyone on SD has been so positive and encouraging of each other. Connecting with others is such an important part of recovery. The times I have had "longer term"- not very long up to 10 months I have felt part of a community and accountable to others. 
I agree It's great talking with like minded people that understand what you're going through no ones perfect :)
Right in the feels. That's why I like it here :)
Yup I hear you.  I feel this is a big step forward in terms of human development and sobriety.  Once you realize everyone is the same it makes you feel a lot less lonely.  I just feel bad for the people who try to live and stick to a "perfect" life plan what an awful limiting way to live.
