-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zfjnl/serial_relapser_43_days_in_and_feeling_fine/

The one thing that is *really* different this time is that I want it *no matter what* this time...With all the misery in my life caused by decades of daily drinking it sounds funny to say that I never wanted sobriety before but I never really did - even when I made it 8 months (on my way to a year target to impress an ex-girlfriend).  I just wanted to put in some time until I could drink again...After I relapsed post 8 months I'd mostly just binge weekends thinking that was better than my historic drinking every day.  Surprisingly binging was worse.  I was beating myself up Friday and Saturday and suffering Sunday and Monday in acute withdrawal.  Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday was all about waiting for Friday. ..This time there is no target date or "prize" anticipated for my sobriety.  Each day now is the day where my life starts anew sober.  I'm really happy and grateful this time to be sober today...I feel good taking some responsibility to end the trainwreck that was my life.
----------immediate responses--------

I know the feeling of looking back and saying I didn't  really want sobriety I just wanted the problems gone and to return to normal drinking.   Although I am enjoying sobriety and doing it better than I ever have I wonder how I can be sure that things are truly different  this time.
I feel the same. This time around I have no real sense of loss no sense that I have given up something (of value.) That is the difference for me. 
I get it. In some ways things were better/easier when I was drinking daily summer 2014. But boy did I look and feel awful. ..Cutting back meant fewer days drinking but more loss of control. My tolerance was down so more than ever the first drink meant I couldn't say no to the next and the next. But what was the alternative? Going back to drinking daily??  ..This eventually led me to conclude that 0 drinks is the right number for me. Right there with you in the 40s. IWNDWYT
Your an inspiration
exactly the same here. I took two times a one month  break showing everybody that i can quit. So i  happily drink after every break like i deserved it after proving that i'm not an alcoholic. This time i don't want just a break i quit for good. I feel like finally my unconscious mind unterstood and recognized that alcohol is just poison and doesn't help at all. The first days i felt cravings on vacation when my family drank everyday but not anymore. I don't want to drink! I have no desire. I'm happy that you are feeling fine too! I will not drink with you today      
