-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zi1tx/for_the_past_two_days_my_mind_has_been_trying_to/


----------immediate responses--------

I had a friend talk to me about a very similar thought and I'll share my experience with it. I am closing in on 8 months Sober myself and these thoughts started to hit my fairly heavily around 6 mos. He is quite a ways ahead of me in terms of sobriety but he stated that he had those thoughts as well. He told me that the difference between having them while still under the thumb of addiction is that it was a compulsion before and now it's just a thought. It's about what you do with that thought in sobriety vs what you do with it before. 
Ha ha. Sorry I just realized I wrote that where the title should be. I'm feeling a little off today. Thanks for your patience and responses. 
You'll know. ..Be strong. You can get through this. I won't drink with you. 
Good for you!  A bottle of wine in my house is an empty bottle of wine. A box might last a few nights but a night is never missed if theres wine to be poured. ..Yes you relapse in your mind first. But we don't drink EVERY time we think about it. If so there'd be very few successful SDers out here.   Glad you're staying strong. ..I won't be drinking with you today!
That little voice is awfully persistent; it told me the same thing about a two liter bottle of wine a couple days ago and I spent yesterday hungover and feeling like someone was running a belt sander all around the inside of my intestines...Keep ignoring it. I'm not drinking with you today.
In Rational Recovery they talk about recognizing the addictive voice and identifying it as an enemy to recovery.  I know once I spot it reaching out or talking to people helps hold me accountable but I also like to reinforce to my mind the benefits I am experiencing and the goals I want to reach. I know that even one drink will set me on a path that puts those goals so far away from me and in writing it all out I am able to see that more clearly. I also try exercise and angry walking to help shut that voice up.   Hang in there! 
Three months without a drink I was sitting with a friend who drank like me he suggested "just one". I didn't he did one year later he died drunk and homeless. I won't drink with you today.
My alcoholic mind is sometimes not my friend.  That is why I need the help of trusted friends.
One glass of wine in early July torpedoed 3 months of sobriety and sent me on a month and a half slide back down the hill of bottles. I hope to be much wiser the next time I hear that sneaky voice.
It really is this persistent voice that chimes in trying to convince you... twist you... bend you. It also has an unfair advantage in knowing exactly what to say. But we hold the final say. And our strength isn't in not hearing that damn little voice as nice as that would be. It is in hearing that bastard and telling him no.
No! Bad mind! ..Stay strong 
When I have those thoughts I always like to remind myself what I will lose if I relapse. ..- My son.- My wife.- My job.- My life
I would go for weeks and months at a time sober and then a glass of wine one evening would turn into a bottle and then it would turn into a couple shots and a few weeks later I was back in the full grip of my addiction..This time I am firm in my belief that I just can moderate ever and tea and sparkle water before bed assure I will wake up refreshed and happy and ready for a new day!  Instead of the trip to the dumpster to get rid of evidence of debauchery of the night before dreading my work day..Be strong and embrace your 40 days! You got this! I will NOT drink wine with you tonight!
After being sober for over 11 years I allowed the "thoughts" to arise for several months before I actually drank. A justification here a scenario there. Finally the choice and a six year slide back down. 
Be mindful - acknowledging the mental relapse doesn't necessarily prevent the physical one! From experience :) keep at it! 
I think it's true about relapsing in our mind first.  Either through rational-lies (rationalize) or just blanking it out and doing it.  Mine was mostly the latter.  I'd automatically just do it (many times) without any attempt to refute.
I hate that evil little voice in my head 
I remember those 5 liter boxes of wine.  They never lasted more than three days.  Don't trick yourself into that.  Get to a meeting call some people.
"Just take a swig.".."Just wet your whistle a bit."..These are things that go through my head every time I come home from work as I live with people who drink...It really helps me to play the tape forward. I realize that if I get drunk I'll be like "this is it?"..Very unfulfilling...Plus I'd rather roll up a doob.
I've tried that before didn't work. That day was yesterday... but I'm not giving up and starting back at day 1 today. I will not drink with you today.
I thought I could handle a beer after 130 days. Ended up getting destroyed that night sneaking a 750ml of vodka throughout the next day and have been bad since. Trying to get back on the wagon. Don't do it. 
