-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zo6u9/what_i_wish_i_had_understood_400_days_ago/

20 years ago I knew I had a drinking problem. (I even stayed in my marriage for too long because I figured nobody else would put up with my drinking the way my ex did.) ..10 years ago (post-divorce) I half-heartedly attempted to stop. ..5 years ago I understood with a grim realization that alcohol was destroying me. ..3 years ago I admitted to my doctor that I had a problem (a HUGE and terrifying step). Then for the next 2 years I stopped drinking and started drinking and stopped and started more times than I could count. And I figured I was a failure and that I'd never be able to stop drinking that it had me in its clutches and wasn't going to let go. And then I found I got so fucking sick and tired of thinking about drinking about this roller coaster I was on that I finally quit for good 400 days ago...In other words I spent a hell of a lot of time freaking out about drinking!..Here's what I didn't REALLY understand 400 days ago: IT GETS BETTER. I thought I would feel the way I did forever. I felt as though the ache in my heart the daily 5pm craving for a glass of wine would never go away. That my life was over and I could not see how I could be capable of going to a dinner party without having a drink. I had NEVER existed socially without a drink and I thought I couldn't be funny or interesting. I felt like the love of my life had died and I felt depressed and sad and very very alone...Again what I didn't understand is that it gets better! That it doesn't last forever. This is a really important thing to understand because when you're in the midst of it when you're really struggling it can feel hopeless. But it's not...So hold onto that hope. Know that if you are struggling that it WILL get better. Have faith even if it is a blind faith even if you don't believe it even if you have to wake up every morning and force yourself to go through the motions of not drinking. Even if you start convincing yourself it's bullshit and you can have that one drink that you can moderate again DON'T. We're all on this sub for a reason: we know we can't drink. Period...No life isn't perfect. There are days that really suck. There's a lot of other stuff I have to work through. My problems haven't gone away. But I have my life back. I am so so grateful for that and so glad I stuck it out...Just wanted to throw that out to you guys. And as always to thank you from the bottom of my heart for helping me to understand I'm not alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 400 days! I am the same way I don't crave it physically but it's like I can't picture myself at an event dinner or whatever without a glass of wine like it has become part of me? Thank you for this post
Congrats on **400-Days** u/socalsofar !!!!  ..When I first came here and saw people with 30 60 90+ days it seemed inconceivable to make it that far.   But yes it really does get better and a whole lot easier if you keep at it One Day at a Time.  Keep it Going!
Thank you so much for sharing this! Congrats on 400 days and having your life back!!
Strong post. Thanks for this
&gt;I felt as though the ache in my heart the daily 5pm craving for a glass of wine would never go away. That my life was over and I could not see how I could be capable of going to a dinner party without having a drink. I had NEVER existed socially without a drink and I thought I couldn't be funny or interesting. I felt like the love of my life had died and I felt depressed and sad and very very alone...This spoke to me in a deep down place that I know existed but couldn't find the right words for. Thank you for this. ..I'm so happy to hear it gets better. Wish you continued success and hope to be where you are someday. &lt;3
excellent post that will help many. congrats on 400 days.
That's right.  Not quickly but the tough times pass. 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for a wonderful post and congrats on 400! It's posts like yours that make me believe I too can get to that number. And you are right it really does get better. Thanks again. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats on 400 days.  Your post is very encouraging.  I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for such an inspirational post! It encourages me to achieve the first triple digit and beyond   Congratulations on 400 days! One day at a time  
I love this post. Putting words to that overwhelming feeling of ahhhh! The will it get better? Will those cravings ever end? Do I ever regain the ability to think of anything but alcohol? That's what tripped me up for so long. Took me about 8 months to be OK in my own skin again. Seems trivial when put into a sentence but wow was that the epic battle of my lifetime.
Thank you for this.  I'm struggling right now.  This is the first time I've ever stopped drinking (except pregnancy) and it's getting harder and harder.  I'm doing it but I'm sad and I miss my margaritas.  I miss my "blessed relief." I miss my buzz my little moments of oblivion.  Because I'm stressed right now because I've never had a rock bottom the little voice says I can start drinking socially again.  Just one it says. God I hope this is just a phase.  Your post gives me hope that it is.
Great post! Congrats on 400 Days - it gets *even* better ;).
Good job on the 400 days and thank you for the read! These are the kinds of posts that keep me going.
One of the most exhausting things to do once you realize you should quite is trying to convince yourself time and time again that maybe you can moderate like everyone else. Nope eventually the exhaustion is way too much
Thanks for this. You know I smoked cigarettes for 15 years. 15 years ago I quit. When I thought about not drinking I'd feel like that was impossible. If I went without drinking for a day the next day I was in a panic to get another drink. 3 weeks ago I remembered that hey...that was exactly the way it was when I quit smoking! I remembered that I didn't stop wanting cigarettes (15 years later thinking about it makes my lungs itch)...I got used to it to the point that I didn't care that I wanted a smoke. So it's been just about 3 weeks since I've drank. Do I want one? Sure but I don't really care enough about wanting one to sign up for feeling like crap so I'm not doing it today. It is much much easier.
Thank you for your terrific post.  I really needed to read something like this right now.
Wow! Just wow!!..Thank you for sharing this!!!..I will refer to it later when I get the urge to drink.
Congrats on the 400 day! Awesome write up as well this is a home run. I felt so much anxiety and worry in those first few days/weeks/months but damn does it get better and just click. I'm ever vigilant and for me going to AA helps SD helps. It does get better. Sure there are tough days and still problems with money/work/family/friends/etc. but all those problems minus alcohol are so much more manageable and far less messy for me to deal with. Nothing is perfect but my life is simplified now. I won't drink with you today. 
Thanks so much for posting this and congrats on a huge accomplishment. Right now I'm definitely one of the people who needs to hear that "it will get better" as I'm having a hard time and feeling pretty miserable. Posts like yours are what keep me going though.
I loved your post; your time-line of the roller coaster because it is almost exactly like mine...the fear that life could not possibly mean anything without alcohol...crazy how the substance modifies your thinking to tell th is lie to yourself....staying in a abusive relationship for fear of "who else would put up with a drunkard like me"?   I am so glad I stopped...I can see things for what they are and for good or for bad I have my life back and I have ME back.  And I couldn't even get close to this far without the amazing support and love and wisdom I have received here.  
Thanks for posting! I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
Beautiful post. Congratulations on 400 days! 
What did the dr. do? This is my first post here. I woke up this morning knowing that my next dr appointment I have to tell them. 
The was an AWESOME post! Thank you so much. I do have trouble with the idea of never drinking again but that's just too bad. I want to get so far from my last day of drink that not drinking is my norm. I know this is possible.
Nice. Good read. Thank you
congrats - thank you very encouraging post
This is pro advice. For me it is getting better and easier. I won't drink with you today. 
I'm so glad it helped. I know how hard it is. I find this sub really helpful because everyone is so nice and supportive. It's meant the world to me. You're so smart to see a doctor. Alcohol withdrawal shouldn't be taken lightly and it's important to do it right. But hang in there - you can do this. Please come back here often and let us know how you're doing. I find there's a bit of myself in everyone here. Makes me feel less alone. 
Thank you. 
