-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zphod/a_shift_in_perspective/

"Just think positive." ..While stuck in the middle of a downward spiral to the bottom of any bottle I could find these words hurt. There was nothing positive when I was a slave to booze. I couldn't *see* anything positive about a single goddamn thing. And that followed me for the first several months of sobriety. Except then I didn't have my one coping strategy to hide behind any longer. There was a scarily even *more* bleak outlook to the bleakness. ..That was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Early sobriety was rougher than becoming a mother. I was all alone in my misery. ..Slowly I started seeing glimmers of light dappling through the cloud coverage. One day I found myself having fun doing nothing except normal day to day chores. I didn't loathe the fact that I had to clean up the house. Instead I felt grateful I had a house. A few weeks later my son and I had dentist appointments. It'd been years since I went being an active alcoholic I avoided self-care in all aspects of my life. I was certain I'd have a mouthful of rotting teeth. When the dentist told me that both my son and I were cavity free I was floored. I couldn't believe the luck. I posted about it here actually. ..Finally I began to be *able* to think positive. I started seeing the silver lining in things that normally would drive me to tears. I appreciated what I had instead of dwelling on what I lacked. ..I have a dentist appointment today. My 6 month check up. That means it's been 6 months since when the light bulb went off in my head. ..I wonder if there will come a time in my recovery when I'll stop with the milestones. Maybe not. This is a whole new life. There's a lot to experience through sober eyes. ..If you're struggling you may not be able to find a single thing to be thankful for right now. And or that I'm so sorry. I know that pain. It *really* ***really*** sucks. But I believe that if you just keep hanging on until you don't think you can hang on anymore and then hang on one more day... you'll find positivity. Stay strong. I won't drink with you...edit to add: No cavities! :)  
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for your inspirational words. It gives me hope. I'm happy for you! I will not drink with you today   
How much do you drink? Do you think you have a problem?
Another awesome post - it will help us keep going! Thank you..IWDWYT
This labor day weekend I was so ready to cave in - we were on a mini vacation at a cabin with the kids in bed a little drink wouldn't hurt. ..I had 3 weeks and still did not physically (psychologically?) feel very well.  I was sick of reading other posts from people about how they physically felt great after 1 week of sobriety - when will I feel better?  And then finally on week four I physically felt much better...I will not drink with you today.
&gt;But I believe that if you just keep hanging on until you don't think you can hang on anymore and then hang on one more day... you'll find positivity..That was one of my opportunities -  accepting that "things" would happen in "their" time not when I thought they should occur and especially not when I *Demanded* they occur !!..I learned to 'create a space' for what I want to invite into my life.  Hold the space with reverence.  Allow it to develop.  I think a poor analogy is 'planting a seed'.  It will germinate on its time frame.  My responsibility is to do *what I can do* and that's all I can do.
