-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zq2lm/waking_up/

Hey SD. I have been lurking here for a couple of months but I just recently decided to stop drinking. I really appreciate the stories wisdom and community this subreddit has to offer and I am proud to start being a part of it. I have been scared to post because I never thought I would be here. I don't want to admit that I need this place but I do. I can't help but shake a feeling of shame and disgust with myself. It's so easy for me to come here with compassion for everyone else who is struggling. So easy not to judge others for the paths that they have walked down. But when it comes to myself I just feel so much self-loathing. Both of my parents are alcoholics. My dad is in prison. My mother is one of my all time favorite people but she won't admit that she has a problem even though she does. I never wanted to be like them. But when I turned 21 and alcohol became so accessible the wine bottles just started piling up. My SO drinks beer regularly and I always justified myself because "bae is drinking too". But whereas he would have 2-3 beers I was pounding down a whole bottle of wine as fast as I could because I wanted to be drunk. He doesn't drink to get drunk and that's the only reason that I drink. We have both had times where we have "dried-out" before but as soon as we start again I can't moderate. I'm right back to blacking out on work nights and sloppy crying at him while wine-drunk. He doesn't deserve that I neither do I. I see that now. Last  Thursday was the final straw for me after a summer filled with shameful mornings of asking "did I do anything embarrassing last night?" and apologizing for hurtful words said while too drunk to remember. Thursday night I had asked my SO to help me "keep track" of how much wine I was drinking. I had bought the 1.5 liter and he was watching how much was left in the bottle. Knowing this I decided to sneak nasty lemonade vodka leftover from a party we had thrown more than 2 years ago into my wine. I knew that he had forgotten about the vodka and he wouldn't know how much I was actually drinking. I proceeded to black out and become a sloppy drunken mess waking up in the middle of the night to find out that he was not in the bed with me. He had moved to the guest room in the middle of the night because I was yelling so much and crying. Once I was finally passed out I was snoring so loudly (I only really snore when I am super drunk) that he couldn't stand to be in the room with me. As he recounted all of this to me I was so sad and so ashamed of myself. I was thoroughly hungover in misery throughout my whole work day. I could not believe that I was to the point of sneaking alcohol behind my wonderful boyfriend's back. I cried several times that day and apologized to him over and over again telling him that I would change. He has been nothing short of amazing to me the last few days and I could not do this without him. I want my life to change before I ruin it. I don't want to lose anything else to alcohol. I am sorry for how long this is I just really needed to get this off my chest. I appreciate you all and I will not drink with you today.     
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here; I relate to your story so much. Both parents are alcoholics and I used to have the shameful mornings all time time usually saturday and sunday because for 20 years I was a friday/weekend binger but usually alcohol-free during the week.   I woke up plenty of times after a blackout and found my SO has just left. She is "anti-alcohol" so not only did I always have so sneak it but it also meant that as soon as she would see the signs of me being buzzed (not even really drunk) she'd get super nasty verbally abusive and the leave...your SO actually sounds much nicer and supportive/loving. So that's really great.  The one thing that is really helping me this time is that my quitting has nothing to do with her; I realized I need to do this for me and that is the only reason I am doing it.  I figured regardless of my SO my family or anyone else I have never really and truly loved myself before and this time I just wanted to start getting to know myself and love myself. I figured I can start by showing myself the minimum kindness of not pouring poison down my throat.  I won't drink with you today and can't wait to see your progress.
I've done the same! You're not alone. And you are going to be SO HAPPY and love life once the alcohol is gone - I promise. Read This Naked Mind and fill the time you normally drink with an activity. I found that I always started drinking around 6pm so i started signing up for a yoga class - after I go there the desire to drink is just...gone. Hard to explain! But break the pattern any way you can. Best of luck you've come to the right place! 
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Oh that pain of shame and guilt is so crippling. I feel for you. I have it too. But you are seeing the light you are wanting to change and you found yourself here. If you plan to have kids one day it's really great you are making this change before they come into the picture. Your SO is a saint- "when people are the hardest to love it's when they need it the most." So glad you have him. I am so proud of you and so your decision something to be proud of yourself for now too. I think your painting will turn out beautiful.
I can very much relate to this. The shame and guilt are really hard to deal with when I'm sober and I obviously can't deal with them drunk.
