-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zrf74/it_keeps_getting_better/

I didn't drink much in high school.  I was raised by a very strict father who liked to physically and emotionally punish me and a mother who was willing to let him.  A furtive bottle of beer my junior year and most of a bottle of tuity-fruity schnapps my senior year.  In college away from my father  I started binge drinking on weekends then on some weekday evenings as well..	When college seemed unfulfilling I applied and was accepted at a police academy.  I worked very hard didn't have much time for drinking and graduated second in my class.  That brought an assignment in a small Southwest North Dakota town.  In addition to my city and county badges the  new guy  was also made county coroner   meaning I was on-scene for every unattended death   the car accidents the suicides and sometimes just old age.  The state trooper was my age as well   22 and once a month his wife would drive us over to Montana with the single purpose of getting drunk.  We'd rehash the accident scenes we'd been at.  I'd talk about the suicides..	.After a while the monthly trips weren't enough.  I started buying bottles and would drink on my nights off.  But there weren't any nights off in a small town.  I was  always oncall for backup..	19 months and I was done.  I wanted to be a cop to help people.  But I couldn't help everyone.  I felt like a failure and my drinking was nearly nightly..	I moved back home and found a job as a bartender.  Its pretty much the same as being a cop. As a perk of the job I got 2 free drinks at midnight.  Those 2 often turned into 8 or 9.  After a few years of drinking every night I knew I needed a change so I hitched a ride to Minneapolis with some friends..	Things were good for awhile.  I met the woman whom was to become my wife.  My  job outlook was great.  We married and soon had a daughter.  Some nights I'd wake up screaming and crying in a pool of sweat thinking about what I'd experienced as a police officer but for the most part I had those nightmares in a box in the back of mind with a giant  DO NOT OPEN  sticker on them...But they didn't stay shut.  I turned back to my old friend alcohol to squelch the increasing nightmares and flashbacks.  I became a daily drinker a little more than a decade ago.  The hangovers were epic.  About 2 years ago I found the cure for hangovers don't stop drinking!  ..I kept my job working from home opening the first beers at just past 7am when my daughter left for school and my wife left for work.  I grabbed them 2 at a time out of the fridge.   I didn't try to hide them.  I was up to more than a case a day closer to 36 most nights.  I was going to different liquor stores so they wouldn't think I was an alcoholic.  Shitting and pissing the bed became so common my wife put down towels on my side.  If I remembered it at all I lied about it.  I lied about everything.  I racked up huge credit card debt buying stuff I didn't need.  Some of it still sits unopened in the basement....I was suicidal but promised myself I wouldn't make some other cop find my body or make my family deal with the cleanup.  I knew exactly what I was doing.  Drinking myself to death was socially acceptable.  But I still hurt the ones that loved me.  I lied stole cheated.  I was verbally abusive when drunk.  I'm not a bad person but I did bad things..	.In January of 2017 I stopped.  I wasn't planning on stopping drinking.I was simply compelled to stop drinking.  I detoxed at home.  Not the smartest thing I've ever done. Shaking sweating hallucinating seizures - it was a ton of fun.....After 5 days I drug myself into an AA meeting.  I wasn't there for me.  The same location had alanon and alateen meetings at the same time.  I wanted my wife and daughter to hopefully understand why I was trying to kill myself with booze...My relapse was already planned.  I knew when the earliest opening liquor store opened.  I knew I needed to get to cooler number 11 and get my beer.  But then listening to others' stories of what it was like what happened and what life is like now made me want to try it...I didn't drink the next day or for the next week.  I went to meetings every night.  I went Saturday morning roo.  I found a temporary sponsor.  I wasn't sure on the whole God thing but I was staying sober.  I found a meeting the whole family could attend.  We went out for pizza before that meeting every Saturday with others from the group.  We went to Dairy Queen or bowling after the meeting.  I found a Friday night meeting that had so much laughter I knew they were mentally unbalanced but I fit right in. Something happened...I was learning to socialize without booze!..After a little more than 2 months of sobriety I found out I needed eye surgery.  The procedure was to be done under conscious sedation.  The surgeon's anesthetic of choice ws fentanyl.  Without alcohol to turn to my brain embraced the warm feeling of nothing the fentanyl provided.  My brain went into a very dark place.  The second night I would have shot up any drug you put in front of me just to chase the feeling.  I became very angry cursing everyone and everything.  I denied the existence of a higher power and then cursed Him in the same breath.  Because I didn't have the phone number of my higher power I called my sponsor and let him have every bit of the dark and the hate and the craving I was going through.  I wanted to get high as badly as I wanted my next breath.  ..But I kept going to meetings.  I didn't know what else to do.  I didn't want to use but I didn't want to feel either...I started working the steps.  I got past the God thing because it was patiently explained to me that God just meant a power greater than myself.  Lots of things were powerful than me.  I began to understand that it didn't have to be the stereotypical old guy with a white flowing beard and robes to match that measured out punishments and was ready to damn me forever.  My own conception of a higher power began as those around me in meetings.  I started to form my idea however of a kind caring entity.  Today that's my power greater than myself... I knew to stay sober I needed help outside the rooms of AA.  I went through treatment then a mental health inpatient program.  I still see a therapist and a psychiatrist.  And I'm present.  I truly live in the moment.  I gain my greatest sobriety when I help others.....Sobriety isn't easy.  I no longer crave alcohol but occasionally long for the release of all emotions just warmly slipping into a brain void. When that happens I no longer isolate listening to the clock tick down the seconds.  I reach out to others I go to meetings I'm a daily participant in #stopdrinking on IRC...And I work as hard staying sober as I did staying drunk..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story Fats!  very inspiring &lt;3
Preach!!..Thank you for sharing and welcome back to the land of living.
Awesome post!  Inspiring story!  Thanks so much!
Thanks for sharing Fats. You've been an inspiration to me and many others and I'm glad that I've got to witness your journey.
Thank you for sharing this and for giving back in IRC. We're a lucky bunch to have you with us :) ..;addpoint x 1000000000
You are an inspiration. Thank you so much for sharing. You're one of the most caring and helpful people I've talked to here. I'm so proud of you and happy/lucky to know you!
Thanks for sharing your inspiring story.  My Dad's family was from Miles City so I could connect a little bit with how things might have been for you as a cop in that part of the world.  I agree--it does keep getting better with each passing month of not drinking.  I will join you in not drinking today! 
Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.
This was awesome. ..Thank you for opening your life up to us. I for one need this right now. I'm starting over after 40 days 
[removed]
Oh my what a phenomenal post of transformation u/Fat_46.  I'm happy you're here to share your story.  I wish you all the love and happiness the world can give.  Keep up the good work and Many Blessings to You!
Hey dude. Thanks. In a lot of ways this mirrors my story. It's nice to see it's possible to get out. Detoxing is a motherfucker. Seizures and constant hallucinations are not fun...I've done a ton of shit. Alcohol is bar none the worst.
Good for you! Thanks for sharing your story. Not drinking with you today :)
Inspiring story man! The part about longing for the release of all emotions really resonates with me (I just realized). ..I'm staying sober with you today!
Oh my...thank you for sharing your inspiring story..This is a most revealing post describing a dark and challenging past..You compel me to look a bit deeper into my history and try to reconcile the pieces that can be righted..We can do this :).
I read every word. Thanks for sharing! 
Thank you for fighting surviving and sharing. This hit home.
Really enjoyed your share.
Thank you! I am happy for you that you are able to be present with your daughter and wife now. I hope life continues to get better for you with each day.
Thank you.  This is a great way to start my day sober.
Huge respect to you.  Thank you so much for posting this and I am very happy not to drink with you today.
&gt;And I work as hard staying sober as I did staying drunk...That's what it takes! Thank you for sharing this story.  PTSD is awful.  I'm so sorry you lived through the realities of all that you experienced and doubly sorry it's been so hard to unwind it.  Glad you've got some wonderful support..
We almost picked the same day to quit!  I'm glad to hear everything is going well.  Keep up the excellent work ;D..
