-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zsyqb/day_82_he_couldnt_stop_drinking/

I received word today that a friend of mine who struggled with alcoholism passed away. He was in his mid thirties. ..I met my friend "Robert" in graduate school exactly ten years ago. We shared many drinks together. Neither one of us knew at the time what we were getting ourselves into with the booze. It was all so innocent. Expected and accepted behavior for young men in higher education. ..Robert called me a month before I checked myself into inpatient rehab. It was the middle of the day and he was drunk. So was I. The bar I was at was too noisy so I told him I'd call him back. I returned that call but he didn't answer. That's the last time we spoke...I've been inundated with AA meetings and recovery for the last 2 1/2 months. I've heard on a daily basis that alcoholism is a fatal disease...I realize that I've been in denial. Despite all the warnings from old timers at AA meetings the doctor's warnings when I was hospitalized for throwing up blood (on two occasions) and my family's pleading concern I wasn't convinced that it was a matter of life or death. I knew I had a problem with drinking but this was overkill. In my mind everyone was being dramatic far too dramatic. ..I was wrong. People die. Not just celebrities with an abundance or resources or the downtrodden with none. It can be deathly for everyone in between. ..Robert came from a good family was highly intelligent and well educated. He just couldn't get a grip on stopping. He had been to rehab almost a half dozen times and felt the 12 steps failed him. He tried the chemical approach with medications to taper off drinking. He couldn't stop. Now he's dead. This saddens me...When I told my SO the news I added  "that could have been me." Without missing a beat she replied "that almost was you." If I remain in denial about the seriousness of this malady it will be me...If you're already on this side stay here. Many don't make it back. My friend didn't...I will not drink with you all today. .
----------immediate responses--------

That's a really powerful post.  Sorry to read about your friend but well done you for remaining on this side.
I'm sorry for the loss of your friend. I will not drink with you today...Fuck. Thank you for sharing this with us.
Booze is a heartless bitch that has no preference for social status. From highly educated to no education at all the drink will mess with us all. I'm sorry about your friend and I won't drink with you today.
I am very sorry for you lost. Positive vibes your way. Wishing you the best during this difficult time. Stay strong and remember to take it one day at a time. 
So sorry for your lost. I really needed to hear that. I am back today need a badge reset back at day one. But I will not drink with you today.
Sorry to hear about your friend.  Excited to hear about your progress!..*Chronic Progressive and Fatal* .....  always given enough time...Yet the tools and support are freely and widely available!!..My brother had everything going for him.  Yet he couldn't stop and his pride prevented him from asking for help...He took his life last year...Needlessly Tragic...Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
Powerful post. Sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing this story. There isn't always one more chance to quit and that's pretty scary.
Powerful stuff. I am so very sorry for the loss of your friend.  .I will join you in not drinking today. 
I was really sad to read this. For me and my sons i will not drink alcohol. They give me the strength and reason to stop now. Reading stories like yours has confirmed the fact that alcohol is a dangerous substance that is sold to us as fun. Take care and and today I Will not drink with you x
So sorry for your loss. I say this without malice... what a waste of a life. Not drinking with you today.
Thank you for your post.  So sorry for your loss. Grad school can create a lot of unhealthy habits.  Glad to hear you are getting help. Hugs.
What a powerful post....one that I think we all needed to hear and many more need to hear!....Thank you for sharing! I am so sorry to hear about the loss of your friend. I will not drink with you today!
I am SO sorry about your friend. The last time I saw my half brother he told me he was a HARD CORP alcoholic...this was before I drank. I visited him at his lake house at Lake Cherokee...after several drinks he became belligerent pulled out a shot gun and threatened to shoot me (Imagine what goes through your mind with a shit gun pointed between your eyes.......after he passed out I snuck out and I never saw him again....he died of his disease alcoholism....in 2008 when he was 38 years old......he was educatedhandsome and a very sensitive person when he wasn't drunk. He had lost everything by the time he drank himself including his son..I wish I could say that his death made me rethink MY drinking habit (that at the time of his death had just started to lead to black outs....) but it did not..I just had neighbor tell me this am as I was watering my ocotillo in the front yard: "Everything happens for a reason..." and the older I am the more I believe this.......and the first 2 times I went to rehab I thought the same as you...these folks are being melodramatic......look at your mother....she's still drinking and is alive (if you call holing yourself in your home and not leaving except for booze and food LIVING....).In MY experience it is AMAZING how tricky our alcoholic brain can be.........I will not drink with you this morning......
Sorry about your friend. Thanks for sharing. Stay sober my friend.
Very sorry to read about your friend. That can't be easy. Your 82 days is amazing. In that regard I am happy for you. Be well...IWNDWYT.
I'm so sorry. 
I'm sorry for your friend.  In a very respectful and solemn way I'm happy for you--and especially your wife--that you've come to this realization...It will help to remember how you feel today when Alcohol sends Moderation to start whispering in your ear.  Have an answer prepared in advance for him when he whispers that maybe you that you can moderate.  Mention Robert's name and stop him cold...You're an inspiration.  Keep sharing.
not drinking with you today one of my friends was diagnosed with several cancers yesterday.  we'be both been fighting addiction for years too many day 1s. shit this hurts. 
Sorry for your loss. 
Wow. great post! IWNDWYT
I'm glad you shared this with us. I know that must have been hard to share but it is good to keep other people's journeys in mind when staying on our own path. I truly believe this is the ultimate end of alcoholism and I would have made my way to that dark door one day as well. I will not drink with you today. 
My deepest condolences for your loss. I've lost family and friends far too young to alcohol and I still have to remind myself of what drinking means if I'm tempted to give in. We are here for you. 
I'm very sorry to hear of your loss. So tragic to lose someone so young. We are all struggling in one way or another. Keep up the good fight!
I worry that what happened to your friend will happen to my brother. He has 2 duis and gets drunk every other day. He's in his mid thirties. He can never  admit he has a problem and has been to the hospital twice. I try to help him I even told him about SD but he just doesn't care. My drinking was a problem and I'm thankful everyday for this sub and everyday sober. I will not drink with you. 
Sorry about your loss. Thanks for sharing this with us. It is a great reminder that it could have been us and it is us in a lot of ways.  You are lucky you have a supportive sensitive and aware spouse. ..Here's to not drinking with you today.
Vibes to you. I will not drink with you. Take care of yourself. 
Sorry for your loss. My best friend died alone from alcoholism. His Dad found him a week later. I finally stopped on the day he died. I believe when he reached the other side he pleaded for my life to not end like his did. That prayer was answered. Calvin did not die in vain. 
