-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zu23t/stupid_brain_still_thinks_drink_reward_why/

Coming up on two weeks and feeling great!  I have a big work thing coming up in a week and have already started thinking about how I will deserve a drink after that.  Just found out that crazy relatives coming for Thanksgiving and thought about how I will deserve a drink after THAT.  ..Not convinced that these thoughts constitute relapse as others have posted.  But they are definitely evidence that old thinking habits die hard.  I need to stop thinking about booze as a reward.  Any pro-tips for how to re-wire on this?..Thanks for listening!  Happy hump day!
----------immediate responses--------

My actions re-wire my brain.  Thinking is in my head.  Actions are in my body...Repeatedly engaging in non drinking behaviors creates new patterns and habits allow me to extinguishe the triggers...Meetings helped me with that.
My longest sober period was 7 months which I achieved last year. I slipped because it was a very sunny and hot day and I felt I DESERVED a cold beer for being so capable with my sobriety and how on earth a single beer is going to ruin anything right? Well wrong because I fell off the train hard for like 8 months don't remember exactly. ..So at least for me I don't think there's a rewire possible it can't ever be a reward and yet my stupid lizard alkie brain didn't realize that. I guess I just have to power through it when the thought comes 24 hours at a time and find distractions and greater meanings in life to stay off the booze.
All I can share is the memory of having a 1-2 drink "reward" and this made me feel instantly ill and hung over.   I think my tolerance was so high that the alcohol was immediately converted to byproducts.   Of course then I needed to "medicate my suffering" with a few more drinks...Now I know that 1-2 drinks isn't possible for me.   If I slip it will be 7 drinks minimum to feel good.   And if I drink that amount then I'll feel bad the next day and want to do it again.    I know how this works and I still don't feel safe from it.
