-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zubxs/annoyed_with_my_thinking_day_3/

Last September I reached 60+ days sober... Then relapsed. This year I haven't reached more than a week before relapsing and usually staying drunk for a month... I'm tired of it...Drinking before work at 7:00 am? Drinking on my lunch break? Picking up beer on the way home everyday &amp; hiding the empties? Those aren't normal behaviors... ..I have a great job and family. At this point I'm still high functioning... But I can envision that slipping away in the future. Major trigger warning (severe alcoholic documented) - I keep watching the last man featured in this documentary https://youtu.be/eofKFReO3zo (starts around the 1 hour mark). I keep thinking this will be me in 30 years if I don't stop.....AND YET - I have a couple concerts coming up in the next few weeks and keep telling myself "have a couple drinks it'll be okay"... I have a work conference coming up too... "You have to participate in the social drinking plus it's free!" Ugh... I feel too weak to say no right now.....I want to be sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've come down with a case of "it wasn't that bads" the last few days including a very strange one this morning after waking up.  As luck would have it I found the receipt for my last handle of vodka and realized I drank it in 3 days.  Even having the lie snapped into focus suddenly like that it didn't make the voice go away but it helped turn the volume down to a manageable level.  Hang in there!
My last "stop" of any length was last September too....I managed 6 months....I even stopped smoking (I got my medical card in AZ to deal with epilepsy but had to stay clean for a new job that drug tested) and then around Thanksgiving right before I allowed my alcoholic daughter to move in with us (what a mistake THAT was) which sent me into a spiral of non-stop drinking. .I have managed to make my liver sick screw up what brain cells the seizures haven't killed off and I now have an enlarged heart. I tried tapering like I always did and found myself in the ER with seizures and non-stop puking. They were unable to get me into a inpatient detox and so I went home (I was SO SICK!!!!) and have gotten stuck in my taper (no I am not drinking now....I have managed to be able to "wait" until noon where a week ago I was getting withdrawal really bad by 8AM (yes I too began to drink in the am....something I SWORE I would never do...) But in a huff back in November I quit the new job I had (and managed to still do well....) but it's like I am POSSESSED...as in The Exorcist...and the demon is alcohol......it HAS taken over every ounce of my life.....and I NEVER drank before age 30......here I am 51 ALREADY sick like I am in my 70's......I have to force myself to bathe....eat.....return phone calls.....LIVE......I will also add that just about every time I would "fall of the wagon" it was almost ALWAYS after a party gathering concert holiday wedding.....any time I could make an excuse to myself to drink...."it's ok...It's a wedding for God's sake!" and there I would go....right down that ethanol hole I have dug for myself........I wish you luck my friend......you CAN do this......I will not drink with you this morning......
Day 2 (again) and I'm already getting the case of "I can go back and moderate--I won't drink the entire bottle of wine this time around" too. For the work conference hey free Coke! And stock up on fizzy drinks in the hotel room. For me right now root beer is my drug of choice. .Not drinking with you today. 
