-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/700ck6/what_to_do_instead_of_grabbin_a_cold_one/

After a relapse that sent me to the hospital for 5 days I am now court ordered not to drink. ..Honestly I do not know what to do with myself. It's been 10 days now and it really didn't set in until tonight. I really want a drink. I work 2nd shift so it would be the first thing I would do upon getting home from work crack one open to chill. I have actually been more depressed since quitting drinking and I don't know how to handle it. Trying to find other things to do to fill my time but it's not always working. I live alone do not have any close friends nothing is open in this town at night except Wal-Mart and the bars hell even the bowling alley closes at 11 before I'm home from work. If my co-workers do anything after work it involves alcohol. At this point I do not want to join them because I know it will be too tempting for me. Been trying to keep myself busy with crafty things but get bored with them after about an hour each. I also have a hard time sleeping at night and find myself driving around aimlessly for hours to tire myself out. Any other suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't like reading much I can't concentrate for very long. So I find a good audiobook and just kick back and listen. If it's a fiction my imagination gets a good workout while I close my eyes and my body gets to rest. If it's motivational I learn some great lessons and get inspired. You can't go wrong with a good book whether you're reading or listening.
In the FAQ section of this sub there is a list of suggestions of things to do when bored.
[removed]
Would you consider going to a group meeting? Seeing a therapist? Sounds like a tough situation and since it sounds like you are surrounded by drinkers it might be helpful to talk to some people in person who have some insight. 
 Grab a cold water
Smart recovery online has a lot of meetings.  They focus on the tools in the tool box and how to apply them to deal with cravings and life.  Maybe that would be a good option.  I got their workbook very cheap on Amazon.  I won't drink with you today.  A lot of people there are on court order and their is a system to get the voucher to prove you participated in the meeting.
