-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/702iou/a_couple_of_tips_and_tricks_that_has_helped_me/

During the past 6 years I've attempted sobriety 4 times but never made it more than 2 days before giving in and jumping off the wagon. However this time I planned ahead and found a couple of tricks that have helped me change my pattern behavior.  If you're a struggling serial relapser like me maybe you can try these too... Old behavior:  Would always buy my booze on my way home from the office and leave 30min- 1hr. before I told my wife I was coming home so I could get a head start on my drinking.. . New behavior: Have been sharing a car with my wife for the past 11 days. We're dropping my daughter off together I drop her off at work and pick her up. This has helped a lot bc I don't have the time to go visit my old friends at the liquor store and I've been able to reconnect with my wife and daughter. ..Old behavior: Would use my credit card or stop by the atm at the beginning of the week so I could hide my purchases. .  .New Behavior: Leave my ID and credit cards in my wife's wallet. I only keep enough cash on me for lunch. This one has been the fail safe for me- even if I wanted to buy I couldn't. I have memorized my DL number so hopefully it won't be an issue if I get pulled over. However I would rather pay a ticket for driving w/o a license than I had pay for a DUI or worse...I know these things are not the magic bullet that will keep me sober. However they have helped get me past first 7 days (absolute hell) and a majority of the cravings. So I plan on sticking to them for at least the first 30 days. I'm thinking much clearer now and am starting to find the tools I need to work on myself.  .. I will not drink with you today!..EDIT: Poor grammar.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
My therapist suggested leaving my CC and DL home before as a means of avoiding purchasing alcohol but I'm always afraid to be without an ID or cash in case of emergencies and I don't even drive. Maybe that's why I'm afraid of emergencies.....But I love your tips and I'm glad they work for you! 
Congratulations on your progress!!
I rearranged my entire living room so it did not look like my ritual spot anymore things like what you said you do and also changing the way my environment seemed to really help. 
Good strategy accept I don't get why not take I.D.  What if you get pulled over?  I get the no money part.  Glad it's working for you.  Nice your wife is on board.  I won't drink with you today.
