-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/702olh/attempt_2/

Found this sub about a month ago decided to try to take 2 weeks off.  Only made it 4 days before going right back to my daily habit. I'm a daily drinker and usually drink while cooking dinner or playing video games. Not enough to black out or throw up but almost every day i drink 5-8 beers and feel like shit in the morning. ..Last night my girlfriend who i've lived with for 4 years told me she wants to work on her addiction to smoking pot and i decided i would tell her about my struggles with drinking. basically we've both been struggling alone with our addictions and not talking to each other about them (although she's noticed how much i drink for sure). now we've decided to do one week together (i talked her down from two since i straight up just don't think i can do it). after one week i plan on keeping going but i want to start with a reasonable goal. i haven't had a sober day so far in 2017...what i wanted to know from you guys is is this a bad idea? does it help to go through it with someone else? has anyone else done this with a partner and had good / bad results? i just know that when i tried to do it alone i was only accountable to myself and it gave me an easy way to back out from my commitment to stop. anyone have any pointers?..Thanks! I won't drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

I did not think I had a chance in hell at 2 weeks but yet here I am today at two. If you give it a shot you will find your body feels phenomonal and you will probably want more at least I did anyway. Stay strong man. I won't drink with you today.
I haven't had an irl partner but it helps to go through it with us in this sub fo sho.
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Have you looked into using other resources so you are not white knuckling it?  Smart Recovery online has a lot of great info and online meetings.  Many here like AA.  There are other groups too but not sure of the names.  Life Ring and there's a Buddhist based group called Refuge Recovery.  In the sidebar there's a free download to a great book This Naked Mind.  Allen Carr's stop drinking now is great.  There are a boatload of stories in sidebar under Saturday Shares that are very inspiring.  Not drinking with you today.
