-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/702r0c/29_days_sober/

It's hard to feel good about not drinking. I feel like it is something that most people can do naturally without a struggle and I feel shame because it is something I have to try to do everyday. But I'm actually proud of myself for once. My wife and family are the only ones who know my struggle and I wish I could tell my friends how happy I am to hit 4 weeks and this is a huge accomplishment for me. I'm scared of what they would say or think. ..I've been reading SD for weeks and I want to say thank you all for posting and commenting. It is comforting knowing others struggle with the same thing. I am not alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're NOT alone.  I'm proud of you!..What's easy for some is difficult for others and vice versa.
Some of us are just wired differently than others. No need to feel shame. Nobody's perfect!
There should be no shame at all. You're doing the best thing for your family and your own health. It is nice to be reassured that you are not alone (and you definitely are not) but not everyone needs to know the details. Some people would have a hard time relating -- really strange people who can do things like have one drink and then stop or keep a six pack in the fridge unfinished for weeks at a time. ..Let them *see for themselves* how happy you are and probably notice how much your appearance changes for the better.
Congrats.  I think every family has alcoholics in the immediate or extended family.  Pretty common.  Did you read This Naked Mind?  Free download in sidebar.
I'm right behind you @ 25 days.  Congrats.   Do you really care what your friends think?   THEY aren't the ones who had to wake up all those years with your headaches.  If they give you a hard time it's maybe due to issues with their own f*cked up relationship with alcohol - not your problem.  ..You should feel GREAT about not drinking.  You're doing a hard thing. Quitting drinking and fighting urges is tough enough without having to worry about your goofball friends trying to lure you back to hangover land.   Good Luck!
I have not. Thanks for pointed that out!
Thanks. Keep it up. We are right there together. 
