-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70500b/reasons_sobriety_is_great/

I am having some random alcohol cravings because of fall beers (they used to be my favorite). While I don't feel at risk for relapse I'm going to make a list to remind myself of the benefits of sobriety. If this helps anybody else who reads it cool!..1. I don't wake up in the morning feeling guilt and doom wondering if I'd acted too over the top in a social situation or if I'd been insensitive to people I care about. I don't wake up with dizziness headaches nausea. I don't have to walk around the house wondering where I left my wallet phone keys. Oh and I get real restorative sleep. ..2. I don't have expensive bar tabs. When I eat at restaurants it's way cheaper. I can spend my money on clothes records traveling nicer groceries household items. I can put more money into self-care which makes me a happier healthier person...3. I don't feel extreme crippling anxiety at the idea of socializing without the help of alcohol. I've developed social skills that don't rely on having a beer in my hand or gaining liquid courage. The idea of hanging with a friend completely sober used to be terrifying and now it's the norm. ..4. My life doesn't feel like it's constantly drama-filled. So much of the day to day problems that felt like the end of the world disappeared when I stopped getting drunk every night. I don't have extreme reactions to things. Life as a whole feels a lot more calm and manageable. It's easier to let things go or to make a list of things I need to do and actually handle it. ..5. I don't drunkenly binge eat with the alcohol dulling my ability to feel full or feel that I have to eat extra to avoid a hangover in the morning. I've lost a ton of weight and am back to the size I was in college. I'm proud of the way I look shopping has gone from stressful to enjoyable and I have a lot more energy. ..6. I don't have to wonder if a feeling is real or if it's just something created by drunk emotions. I also feel a lot more control over my own emotions and reactions...7. I read books all the time now and my attention span for things like movies and concerts has improved. I'm able to notice and enjoy small details in a way I never did before. I feel myself absorbing knowledge in a way I wasn't before. ..8. I actually remember conversations I've had with people and it has allowed me to become way closer with them. Before it felt like I just had the same drunk conversations with people every time I saw them for years at a time. ..9. I'm able to help others. Numerous people have told me I inspired them to cut back or quit entirely or that my presence made them feel more comfortable being a non-drinker. ..10. I'm cooking more...Thanks for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing! Reading your list is a good reminder to me of what I have to look forward by being sober. I'm gonna be re- reading this all weekend. Thank you for.This  
Terrific! Nicely done on the 300+ days and a great list. 
Thank you so much for this
