-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70544d/and_on_the_518th_day_i_got_a_text/

Saturday I went bowling with some friends.  These are people I have known for many years and with whom I have shared many hard times.  We went through law school together studied for the bar together and got hammered on a far too frequent basis together.  And though they still drink they have been and continue to be the most supportive people in my sobriety...The conversation eventually turned to how long I intend to be sober with which I'm sure plenty of you are familiar.  No pressure but a genuine wonder of whether there is an end date or goal I'm trying to accomplish.  I give the automatic answer of at least another day but I do think about it.  I have gone 517 days without a drink.  Life is normal.  I don't want to drink.  But what is it all really for?  I have no interest in getting lost in intoxication anymore and I am certain that the next drink will be the beginning of the end.  However there's no more pink cloud.  The year mark passed with little revelry.  Is my sober state of calm the final act?..Then the next day I received a text...It's always good to start a conversation with "I need to tell you something and I need you to not freak out."  Never in the history of telling someone not to freak out has anyone thought "well I guess I won't freak out."  In fact if you ever wanted to freak someone out just tell them not to and do it vaguely.  So as I contemplate the catch 22 of her original message the three blinking dots at the bottom of the screen finally deliver the news.  .."I'm pregnant."..I've been to the bottom of many bottles but not one of those trips down spun out my whole reality with such speed.  While I try to regain my higher order cognitive function I get another message..."And it may or may not be yours."..Ever taken a shot that was a little too large? Struggle to get the first part down only to have the second part nearly make you vomit? Yeah me neither but if I had to guess this is exactly what that felt like. Tightening in the throat. Stomach now conveniently located in my knees. Can someone feel their blood pressure drop? I'm suddenly very appreciative of a product design tech in southern California who chose rounded edges for my phone case. They are very calming...In the following days I have been moving through this "holy shit" phase to dealing with the reality that I may be a dad here in 8 months. (I blame the eclipse).  It's been tough because every time I try to embrace excitement over fear I face the reality that I might not be the father and that sinking feeling sets in.  A bright side of all this is that I finally understand irony...And I now have another good answer for why I choose to not drink...Stay sober and I'll see you all tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Your. Writing... it's like I didn't want it to end I know that sounds bad but wow. Your being sober is amazing and an inspiration to me and others you will see. The fact that she may be carrying your child is wild man. I hope that works out for you. That is the unknown. You being sober is right in front of you. Wishing you well   
Wow that is a heavy load.  Good job keeping it together.  I won't drink with you today.
Good luck man whatever the outcome!  Well written post.  I will not drink with you today.
Wow. Just wow. All the best friend. I will not drink with you today.
