-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70c3cx/1_year/

365 days sober. 1 year. This is the second time I've reached this mark. After drinking nearly every day in college and 4-5 times a week after I got my first DUI in the fall of 2012. Time to quit right? I ended up not quitting and got a second DUI in April 2013. Then with forced sobriety due to probation I made it a year. ..I started drinking again shortly after my probation ended and thought I could now moderate. I moderated for a few years and found myself falling back into the same patterns in 2016. After blacking out in early September 2016 I decided I was going to quit for good; this time for myself. ..I truly do love being sober. I love waking up every morning without a pounding headache a turning stomach and dread to look at my phone to see what I may have done the night before. I've lost 30 pounds (5-6 IPAs a night add up...). My relationships with my family friends and girlfriend have never been better and I've discovered hobbies I never would have known. ..To anybody thinking about quitting just know that it's worth it. If you're struggling with alcohol it's the most worthwhile decision you will ever make for yourself...Before and after: https://i.imgur.com/uq4RKXu.jpg
----------immediate responses--------

You look wonderful -- so much happier and so much more alive. Congratulations on your year.
You look great!  Doesn't it feel good just to tell the moderation monster to go kick rocks?  :)  Congrats on your success friend.
You look amazing bro.  Congrats and keep on keeping on brother!
Absolutely amazing! You look happy and confident. I intend to follow in your footsteps. It's nice to see what the future can look like. 
Thank you for sharing. You're a hero to me. 
Awesome of you to make it this far!  Keep it up!..I am feeling all the feelings and not drinking with you today tomorrow and so on!   
Thanks for sharing.  Your face is glowing with sparkly eyes.  I won't drink with you today.
Love these types of posts - very inspiring. Congrats on a huge milestone. I look forward to reaching it myself!!
Congratulations you look awesome and happy!! Thank you for sharing. I will not drink with you today      
Damn dude you look great! Good work! Super proud of you!  
Congratulations 
