-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70dork/resisted_some_hard_cravings_after_a_brutal_week/

So tonight's Friday and I'm 3 and a half weeks sober after a devastating relapse that nearly cost me my job and even my life. I will post more about that saga in detail another time. But for now let's just say I woke up in intensive care on a ventilator with a bunch of tubes coming out of me. I was damn lucky to emerge with all my faculties intact and the doctor told me if I wasn't a strapping young man and had more years of wear and tear then I'd almost certainly be dead. If my housemate hadn't found me when he did then it wouldn't have mattered either way. I'd have choked to death on my own compressed airways as I writhed on the floor having a seizure...So let's just say I knew then that my drinking and drugging days had to end. Permanently. I managed to get two months of sobriety before (as documented in my post history) before thinking I could drink casually again. And boy how wrong I was about that. I found out the hard way...So I got sober and clean again and man it's not easy as you guys know. I've once again found solace in fitness and have even been playing competitive football (soccer) again for the first time in years. It's been great to return to the pitch. ..But unfortunately football takes a savage toll on ones body and injuries can come thick and fast. I know it will be *much* harder to stay sober if I get a bad injury like an ACL tear or leg break and I am wary of that happening for sure. But until it does (and hopefully to fuck it won't) I'll continue playing the beautiful game and enjoy being young and fit...I was boxing and kickboxing before but hard sparring and gym wars are fucking gnarly and I rethought that pursuit after a few too many head injuries. I never made my semi pro debut but had a fair few interclub style amateur fights with 10oz gloves and no head guard. I got my nose broke twice within one month and as I was lying in bed with a pounding head I thought fuck this. I need my mind for my desired career path (writing). Even a broken leg can heal. But a broken brain? There's no recovering from that...But anyway I digress. The point I was coming to is that I fucking hate my current job. I work in a customer service and sales role in a call centre and boy is it stressful some days (at the moment *every* day)...As grateful as I am for them not firing me despite going in wasted more than a few times the financial benefits have sharply decreased since we were taken over by a big corporation who want to grow our net worth and float us on the stock market. ..The executives have made the decision to get rid of commission scheme under the pretext of 'making things fairer'. And despite upping the basic salary this in no way covers the deficit in pay and many of us including myself are a good 5K+ worse off per year. This is extremely fucking demoralising on every level and for my own mental health I cannot stay in that job for much longer now I'm earning at *least*  300+ a month less to perform a considerably harder role...They've increased all the sales targets and notably increased the price of what we have to sell. We've also not currently got enough people to handle the call volume and at the moment it's wall to wall calls all day long. All day. Repeating the same fucking words and having the same conversations over and over again. And although it's not a bad gig when it's quiet as one can sit there reading for up to 5 minutes at a time between calls when there's 30 calls queuing it's a hellish nightmare for much of the day...So fast forward to Friday (tonight) and I'm round my ex girlfriends house. She's still one of my best friends (with benefits) and still pretty much love each other. It's fucked up. And yes the only reason she's my 'ex' is because of all the awful shit I did while drinking and drugging. ..Tonight she was drinking. I was not. And man how tempting it was to get myself a bottle of Russian Standard and drink my stress away. It took the strength of 10 spartans to resist that call...But I did. Not. Drink...She's asleep now and I'm about to turn over myself. The cravings have passed and I'm real fucking glad I gave alcohol the middle finger tonight. No way can I end up back in hospital breaking my families heart...I'm fucking better than that and this time I'm gonna prove it. ..Sorry for rambling on I guess. I just had a lot to get off my chest. I look forward to a nice lie in tomorrow and a productive weekend. I look forward *not* being hungover and feeling like shit. ..Hopefully you guys can join me on that last part.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Good work giving booze the middle finger. Sometimes it helps to vent. I won't drink with you tonight!
Nice NDV. Good job. I won't drink with you tonight.
Thanks for sharing.  How scary waking up in the hospital.  Lucky your roommate came home.  I'm not drinking with you today.  We got this.
What a story! Just play the tape through you've been lucky to survive so far! Sobriety is the only answer for people like us. How crazy is this disease that you would almost die and then want to drink again?!? 
