-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70l891/breakup_and_trying_to_stay_sober/

August 25th of this year marked my first year sober. Recently my girlfriend broke up with me and is serious about it. And it's seriously awkward too because we're in a lease together still living together. It's very very emotional and tense around here. ..We haven't talked now since the weekend of my birthday in early August...I'm a lonely person. My girlfriend is/was pretty much my world. I don't have any friends or a real good social network to fall back on. I find myself for the first time in a year legitimately having thoughts crossing my mind that drinking a rational idea right now...I know that drinking can't fill this gap and void. But it sounds like it would. It was my go to for so many years when I felt off. It was always there for me. I find myself reminiscing fondly over playing video games and cracking open beers instead of cringing at my memories of embarassing moments while drunk and the script in my mind is flipped...So what fills the void. I think its love humor and kindness are what pull people out of funks. You need to lift someone else up to lift yourself up. But I don't have anyone to help and I don't find these things coming very easily or flowing in my life right now... I feel weak and this is my real test in sobriety. The heart break and the suffering is very real and it's a slow process of unravelling... slowly accepting it and coming to grips bit by bit processing the immense feelings of pain. The stages of denial or whatever - going through that. Denial/anger/acceptance... Weathering the storm sober and straight up...We hadn't talked for like three weeks and she let me know about a week ago...I'm just looking for videos sayings anything. Stories experiences. Something to hold on to right now. Advice maybe. Good music suggestions. ..I'm just trying to hold on because my life now is actually going great. I have a job I enjoy and I'm doing great at it. I'm making more than I ever have and I'm getting praise and I enjoy it and I'm so grateful to have a job again. I want to keep it up and I don't want my life to get fucked up or off track. I don't want to move back in with my mom but I can't afford to live alone without struggling financially I don't think...I have an intense fear of loneliness and am having immense anxiety about where I'm going to live and how I'm going to afford it. I pray this will work out and end up ok and God will make a way...Maybe this is my sign to wake up and become a mature responsible adult who makes efforts to be apart of something bigger than his self. Not tucked away in a comfortable universe with one individual who shares everything and means everything. I don't have a lot of diversity in my relationships. I've always been like this. I like having one person to share and be my entire universe and I create a warm comfortable bubble with that person and if I lose it I lose everything it feels like. ..The last year was honestly SO easy until now. I was cruising through sobriety. Now I'm more fighting with the addiction demons agian not on cruise control anymore. Not just to alcohol but sex dopamine the internet video games. Struggling to find connection in the modern world as someone who suffers from anxiety and awkward social behavior. Always looking for another hit of something and just trying not to destroy myself. ..I DON'T want to drink and I wonder if this is what the people in AA talk about. You can't do it on will power alone. AM I trying that? Have I been sober through will power? Is it sustainable how I'm doing sobriety without AA?..I would almost rather kill myself than drink again because I think they're the same thing. One is drawn out and miserable though. I'm not suicidal though and haven't been in a long time and I'm so grateful to have achieved as much sobriety as I have. ..I reflected on it the other day and I remember the first 2-3 months I had sober. That experience gave me the encouragement to do another stint which has lasted over a year. If I can do 2 months maybe I can do a year. Now that I've done a year maybe I can do five years. ..Right now I'm literally just trying to make it through the day. I'm remembering more than ever that I just need to make it through today. I haven't had to use that thought for a long time. I don't know tomorrow is going to be any better. But I'll have a chance to try and I hope I find some strength to stay busy and make good choices. And a little luck wouldn't hurt either...I probably need therapy but I'm too busy cheap and lazy. So that's what reddit is for. Sorry for the story and pity party. I just need someone to talk to. I don't want to drink again because it scares me. Losing my job scares me. My mental health being jeopardized by alcohol again scares me. Fucking up and giving into alcohol is scaring the shit out of me right now.
----------immediate responses--------

Keep up your sobriety. Nothing is worth drinking. Everything will fall in place. Source? My life.
Congrats on the job. Keep up the good work. I won't drink with you today. 
Good job staying sober today! You get what you put into your sobriety. You are worth your sobriety. Maybe try sober meet-ups?! The most important thing is you reaching out for help. ..I'm going through the early process of Divorce finding a new job and currently cohabitating with my soon to be ex-husband. It's an awkward often times toxic and emotionally confusing time. I know if I were to pick up a drink I'd be in jail or dead before the divorce will be finalized. I'm able to objectively address my struggles and deal with them rationally thank to active recovery. Learning to not sit I'm my emotions and self pity was and still is the hardest part of sobriety for me. ...Take care. Be kind to yourself! .
This stuff is tough. You are doing everything right. Time to start considering one of you moving out. You WILL get through this. You can do it sober. 
