-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70lifx/sober_ramblings_from_the_brink/

Hey Friends..Haven't written a check in on myself lately so I thought I would. Man things are tough right now. Mom's still here and doing ok its pretty amazing. I know we wont have her forever but none of us are promised tomorrow. It's been just over one year since she was diagnosed with pancreatic and liver cancer. Just over a year since I dropped every plan I had in life (besides sobriety) and moved back in with my parents to help take care of her. I've learned so much this year about life death myself and how much sobriety really means to me. ..This week was extra fun. Dad's RA flared up and he went from active helper to bed ridden for 3 days. My brother in law and I managed to get him out of bed and into the living room tonight. I accidentally saw more of my old grizzly bear Dad than any daughter should see because boxer shorts o_0 I may never recover...Mom and Dad are in dueling recliners now and I'm on the couch fufilling any requests they have. This isn't the kind of slumber party I imagined having in my 30s haha. ..I can't really ask for help from others since Mom is often neutropenic meaning she has almost no immunities. She's used to our germs at home but everyone else is considered a ground zero zombie as far as I'm concerned. ..Have there been days this year this week especially that I thought "Damn I could use a drink!" No honestly. I've realized the voice in my head now says  "Damn I could use a way to relax!" And then I get to choose my own non poisonous poison. Ice cream? Netflix? Reading? Video Games? Etc. ..Realizing that voice in my head had changed that "I could use a drink" sentence has changed. Wow. That's been huge for me lately. I've been kind of reveling in that. ..If you're new. If you're struggling to string days together. If you're lurking and not sure sobriety is for you. If you're a couple months in wondering what the rest of life is gonna be like. If you're going through some things and letting that push your decision to drink. I'm writing this for you. ..Life for me didn't magically get better when I stopped drinking. In fact for me life got worse. BUT I got better. I used to be the common denominator in all my problems. Now I still have problems but they aren't self made. That's a fucking game changer for me.  ..I chose to listen to "I could use a drink" instead of "I could use a way to relax" when I was drinking. I challenge you and myself to keep finding ways to change what the voice in our head says. That voice is us by the way not some removed entity that we are trying to ignore. We can change what it says. For me it takes time patience and always having a strategy for decompressing in healthy ways. ..Don't wait for life to get better. It may never get better. It may get worse. It may throw more at you than you thought you could handle. Just get yourself better. If you get better it's more likely you can handle the worst. ..Sorry for book just needed to share. ..&lt;3 QuittenKitten
----------immediate responses--------

I love this. Thank you. I'm sorry you are going through such a tough time with your parents. Your perspective is so inspiring and I absolutely agree. My sobriety means I can handle in a much healthier way whatever comes my way. I have a toolkit that I rely on and posts like yours are part of it. Wishing you the best possible outcome for your mother. 
Ok can be good enough sometimes it's the best we can hope for.  Maybe invest in some tighty whitties for dad?  Could make things a little bit more ok in the future.  (Or less not ok.)  Well it sounds like you're hanging in there. ..When my mom was sick with cancer  i dealt with it by drinking.  Then when she passed away  I dealt with it by drinking.  In hindsight  it wasn't a very effective coping strategy.   ..Keep up the good work. 
"I could use a way to relax" instead of "I could use a drink"....I love this! Thanks for the advice. My life got harder after I got sober as well but I agree with you in that having problems that aren't self-made has brought me so much inner peace and calm. I no longer feel like a fuck up or failure; instead I'm grateful that I am always sober and prepared to deal with what comes my way. 
Good book.  They are lucky to have such a wonderful girl.  I won't drink with you today.
Thank-you so much for your post. You are very strong and kind and good I admire you. I will not drink with you today!
