-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70odh8/in_a_gray_area/

I quit drinking in May. Only intended to cut back or "take a break" but then I discovered this sub and read This Naked Mind; I decided to stop entirely. ..Experienced all the benefits after a few weeks of feeling terribly. I had been drinking daily for years. I could always take a day off or even a week off but I never could really resolve to stop entirely. ..It's sort of liking biting my nails. Whenever I have decided to stop I do stop. But then I start again and I say meh who cares. So it's not like I'm hating myself every day and wishing I could stop; it's more about really convincing myself that I do want to stop and deciding to do it. ..With drinking I never really wanted to stop but I also didn't like what it was doing to me. But I never really blamed the alcohol; I blamed anything but the alcohol (myself my parents my husband mostly myself). I was always journaling and on self-improvement projects but I never really linked the alcohol with many of the things I was trying to fix (insomnia weight gain inability to recover from intense exercise mental fog depression cravings conflict anxiety...). When I quit drinking I realized that most of these things were directly caused by alcohol!  And by drinking daily I just kept rolling that boulder right in front of myself again. ..But then my father died in July. I had wine on a couple of nights. Then I had a beer on a night. A cider etc. Suddenly there was a week where I realized I was drinking daily again (not a lot maybe just one or two drinks but still). ..My husband is no help in this. He does not struggle with the same issue I do regarding alcohol and he can drink a cider and not even think about it and he never counts the days he drinks or doesn't drink. And I think he likes when I drink because I am more "fun." I become talkative and gregarious. And I think we both always hope that drinking might mean sexy time which is hard to arrange otherwise with our kids and work and schedules. ..So where am I now? Well I haven't been counting but I think I have had alcohol on more days than I have not had alcohol in the past month. And now when I drink it really makes me feel like crap the next day because I think my blood is cleaner and my tolerance is down (compared to how I was before May). ..It is going like this: I have one or two glasses of wine on a night. Then maybe the next night too and maybe a third. I'm a normal person right? Just having some wine with dinner... no big deal. Then I don't drink for two nights and then suddenly I buy a bottle drink half of it in secret in the afternoon then take the rest of it with me to work and drink the rest all in one night. I guess that's something alcoholics do? But I still cannot bring myself to call myself an alcoholic. I have a huge ingrained stigma associated with the word from growing up; even though (because?) my father was secretly one his entire life. ..I have a huge resistance to going to an AA meeting but I wonder if I really do need to start labeling myself as an alcoholic and to commit to something like this. ..On Friday night I had two martinis and then like a fiend I smoked pot in secret. I have felt like shit all weekend and I am now trying to remember that woman who had stopped drinking back in May. How proud and light I felt. ..I just keep hearing "I don't care" in my mind. I still have a mountain of logistics to deal with regarding my father's estate and I'm doing it ALL on my own. I have really hard painful decisions to make. That little voice that says "I don't care"... what is that? It always accompanies any bad decision I make some small decision that is self-destructive. ..I wish my husband would cheer me on this path. He never once said wow you stopped drinking I'm so proud of you. And when I want to drink he does not discourage me. I don't think it comes from a place of malice; I think he just doesn't understand and probably he doesn't care. I told him last week that drinking really isn't good for me and asked for his help with not drinking but then then on Friday when I said something like hey wouldn't it be fun to walk to the pub and get a drink he was like YES! And so we did...I wish he celebrated my not drinking. I wish he helped me not drink. But I know that I need to do that. I wonder a little if he worries that if I stop drinking I will leave him or something like that. Or do I worry that? ..But I know it's not up to him and I can't blame him for me drinking or me not drinking. I am steering this boat. I need to take full responsibility for the choices I make. ..Right now I just need help committing to them. Because even though I have a very dim memory of how great I felt in June/July it's fading and the heaviness of life is setting in on me. I feel like so much of what I do I do alone (even though I have great kids good friends etc.). And this is one more thing and I'm losing my resolve to do it. I don't want to do this alone. ..Thank you for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nobody ever congratulates me on my triumphs either just focus on my mistakes....it sucks...And like you i'm coping with a LOT of shit...all by myself i have no partner nobody to share my burdens or offload to. I also recently lost a parent so you have my total empathy...Mums death sparked mt latest stint of drinking although im very aware of not using excuses...it was the catalyst...I'm also queen of self destructive behaviour...been working on myself using self help meditation and mindfulness for about 5 years now...but still always slip back into old familiar ways...The difference being now is that I WANT to stop yeah I've not been great at it...but im still trying and wont ever quit quitting...All power to you we're all here with you :-)
A lot of what you describe resonates with me. And I am so afraid I will start drinking again on a whim which is why I am kind of obsessive about reading here (and posting sometimes). ..My husband *is* supportive but I feel like if I said "I decided to drink again let's go to the bar" he wouldn't judge me or try to stop me. Which is probably a good thing right? So I do feel it's on me to keep this up. And that I need support from other places including here. ..And maybe AA. I went to first meeting Wednesday going to another tonight. I don't plan to say "I'm an alcoholic" at least not yet because I do not want to. And I am an atheist. However I am happy to say I am powerless over alcohol once I have that first drink and that I am way better off listening to the wisdom of people who have successfully stopped drinking (a higher power in a sense) rather than relying on my own ideas...I am not facing the burdens you are right now but I am finding that day-to-day activities (running a business raising kids yadda yadda) feel less heavy and are easier to execute "one day at a time" now that I'm a few weeks into not drinking. Maybe that would be true for you too. ..Best wishes to you. 
I love being sober...It's not a requirement to "be an alcoholic" to attend participate and benefit from meetings...I get support tools and fellowship!
