-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70oli8/lots_of_changes_and_cant_stop_drinking/

Hi everyone feeling pretty down and looking for some community. Any advice or insight would be appreciated. ..I just moved to a new city maybe about an hour and a half from where I was and am three months into a job that is rather stressful but pays great. I broke up with my boyfriend before I got this job but we were still friends and very close at the time I moved but due to some shit I'm not going to get into I'll just say I'm not speaking to him anymore and it's realty painful. ..On top of that my mom said some really awful things to me last week concerning my depression basically invalidating it entirely (even though she has the same diagnosis...) It's been a rough patch but on the flip side I have a great new job and am living in a fun vibrant city. I have friends here but feel really lonely. ..Problem is I am really struggling with not drinking. Seems it's the only reliable way I know how to relax. Weed helps sometimes but also can make me super anxious so I'm avoiding it for they most part. I tried to create rules where I'm only to drink on Fridays and Saturdays but I've failed all but two weeks I've tried to apply that rule. ..Feeling depressed and knowing that the alcohol makes it worse yet I can't seem to stay away which scares the shit out of me. Anyone experience anything similar?
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober.  Made new sober friends almost immediately!..Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Yes. I feel you. I was using alcohol as a way to deal with stress depression (also diagnosed and family hasn't always understood) anxiety the loss of some friends (not related to alcohol) and rejection from a job that I really wanted. I also used alcohol to celebrate the days it wasn't so bad. Basically I was using alcohol to deal with any emotions that I was feeling...Getting back into AA after a relapse has helped me feel more connected to people which then helped me better cope with the idea that I'm just going to have to feel my feelings..For me I drank so I didn't feel anything but honestly it just amplified the negative emotions while squashing the good ones...I wish I had wonderful news and advice to give you but I think all I'm doing is sitting with the feelings instead of trying to drown them out. Finding dry people and dry places are helping me but also not drinking has started to help too. I'm coping a bit better now that I'm not pouring a depressant down my throat.
I went through an extremely stressful few years. I have always been a heavy drinker but started using it more and more to push my horrible anxiety and depression down. Of course that only made it 1000 times worse. I eventuall started hiding it from my spouse driving...all sorts of stuff that is way out of character for me. Now I am 3 months on with zero drinks. Yes it is very hard but way better than pouring alcohol all over my problems. I do attend AA meetings and have a sponsor. So far it has been very helpful. I don't necessarily agree with everything there but hey....if it helped me this far I am willing to take the things I believe to be good. Good luck. Remember self-care is an act of love ALL of us deserve..... 
It is scary. It helped me to have a therapist (and others) who I could be honest with who would encourage me with sobriety but have kindness and compassion on the days I succumbed again. I don't know any other way than to keep trying for sober days... and get some support through the process. And just flat out refuse any self criticism -- it's not helpful!
