-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70v12b/help_today_is_hard/

I would like to introduce myself and give a little background.  I have recently found this sub and hope that it will help me as much as Sober 24 used to.  I am an alcoholic and quit drinking for about 10 years.  About 4 years ago I relapsed and have been drinking on and off with sometimes being able to manage it and other times not. I am married 43 years and my husband is also an alcoholic. When I quit drinking for the 10 years things in our marriage was not good with both of us drinking and having a  good time  to all of the sudden something would happen and then the fights would begin.  I quit drinking because I wanted to be sober and able to leave at a moment's notice.  I quit in November and then my husband quit the following February.  He has never relapsed and is now on 14 years being sober.   Part of the reason that I relapsed is that I have RA - PMR (arthritis of the muscle) and Sojourn Syndrome I am in constant pain sometimes worse than others.  So as with any good alcoholic this gave me a reason to drink.  I of course would hide it and at times would really get hammered.  Everytime I drink I disappoint my husband who is trying to be very patient with me but I disappoint myself and it makes me feel like I will never be able to quit again.  I am working on my 11th day being sober but I feel like I can't do it. I am trying to find things that I can do to keep busy and keep my mind on something else.  Even picked up my crocheting again which is only aggravating the RA.   Today for some reason is really hard for me and I want to drink.   I just see my body breaking down and I can't do the things I used to with no hope of improvement.  I know Oh Poor Me.  Give me a drink!  I have to get my head on straight and not drink today!! One day at a time! Thanks for listening.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Chronic pain is awful... are there any medical treatments that help? You have gone sober before and you can do it again never give up hope! I will not drink with you today!
Sorry to hear about your illness I can only imagine how debilitating it is.  Maybe you can spend time educating yourself about you RA-PMR and how others are treating it.  Almost everyday in medicine there is so much being discovered in the world and more homeopathic cures.  So maybe you'll find something in the Internet.  
Thanks for the comments - much appreciated - I am on prednisone and methotrexate.  I have tried many supplements and so far haven't run in to any that help.  My husband suggested going to the rec center and sitting in the hot tub and sauna.  Gonna try that this week- maybe today!! Gotta do something - Also ordered a book on essential oils - Gonna give that a try! 
Essential oils are helping lots of people - good idea! And I'm a SAUNA person - get in there and sweat all that sh** out!  Seriously though -.you have an extra burden so  Stay strong - IWNDWYT 
Don't have float tanks that I know of - but will ck it out!! Passed by 2 liquor stores on my drive and did not pull in in fact I flipped them off - I guess I made the choice not to drink today - Thanks for the help!!
I don't know if you've ever tried mindfulness but it is just as effective as some pain killers for treating chronic pain! You can find workbooks online just search for "acceptance and commitment therapy" for chronic pain. I have been really impressed with how well this treatment has worked for other problems and I know it's one of the best treatments psychologists have for chronic pain. 
I suffer SA (ankylosing spondylitis) and life got way better for me when I stopped abusing my body with alcool and bad food (hi carbs). I do not need Pantoprazole anymore for my stomach and I barely have any flare anymore. I'm still doing Humira every 2 weeks and the effectiness of that medecine just increased...It's not easy to not drink and not eat carbs but the results I benefit from my efforts are  worthy. ..After I read : This naked mind it got easier. Maybe you could read it. I has help me control alchool. I wish you good. take care.
