-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70xzvt/the_last_time_for_real/

I've been here before an embarrassing incident leading to me saying that I'm done drinking. Lasts for a while then I say I can control it and I let myself have a glass of wine then I let myself have two then I let myself go back to the bars I know are bad for me and I start drinking vodka sugar free redbull and downing shots. I woke up with a black eye that I got from my friend hitting a curb while I was black out drunk in her car. Apparently I was grabbing her and thats why she hit it. I can't do it anymore. I am afraid if I say this is real I'll just fuck it up again. Maybe it's time I start talking to people about my struggle? ..Here's to hope. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know all about waking up and feeling embarrassed and shameful about what I did/said etc. while drinking the night before.  Thankfully those experiences are behind me and have been for years now and I have no desire to ever go back...I "quit" so many times that I can't remember but only the last one took.  While I learned something each time I stopped before adding in the accountability of this sub was a key for me.  Posting that I was quitting and having to come back and admit my failure was a key for me.  Having a badge that I wanted to mean something and not reset was a key for me.  Really this sub was definitely an important if not the most important factor in my quitting drinking and having no interest in going back.  Took a while to get to the point where I have zero interest in alcohol but it was well worth it...When I first stopped I spent hours here a day reading posts and learning from others' experiences.  That education was invaluable and also helped me kill time when I was not drinking.
What are your plans so this cycle doesn't continue?..Without help I never could have stayed sober. It was too hard and I didn't know how to build a sober happy life on my own. A therapist got me started on the road to recovery. I also went to treatment and got involved in AA.Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system. ..Congratulations on your pending parenthood. Just a word: I had an alcoholic father and it affected me well into adulthood. I hope your child will never be scared confused or sad because of your drinking. ..There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. "Hoping" does not lead to the necessary personal growth needed for being a mature adult and a parent. I know because I tried to get there by wanting and hoping and wishing. It wasn't until I got help from people who could teach me about recovery that I made progress and learned how to live a sober life.  ..Thanks for posting. I'm glad you're here and hope you will stay in touch.
It takes more than hope to build a sober happy life. Until I asked for help from others who could teach me about recovery I stayed stuck in hoping wishing trying. Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system. Talking to a therapist and AA meetings made all the difference and ended the vicious cycle of addiction for me. 
Try not to worry too much or get lost in the idea of forever. Is this the last time? The only "time" we have is right now! Let's not waste it! Wishing you all the best.    
