-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70ynr9/failed_counseling/

I've been seeing a counselor for substance abuse since April due to a serious infraction of the law...Back in July I stated that I needed additional help.  I thought that I made it clear I was struggling.  Hell I stated straight out that I was struggling. ..I've on my own provided a personal plan with daily weekly and ongoing targets which was accepted two weeks ago with glowing praise and I've been sticking to what works and modifying the rest...Today we came to an impasse.  I have been asking for a treatment plan or goals or something anything for several months.  I asked again today and her response was "Do you have goals at work?" And I said "yes tons of them all the time".  And she said "who gives you your goals at work?" Of course my supervisor does.  I know what I'm supposed to do because they actually tell me what to do.  I have a lot of leeway in how I do it but my corporate overlords give me a target to reach.  ..Obviously my target here is sobriety.  I need to have a defined plan and defined goals.  I've never done this before.  I don't know what I'm doing at all.  I'd like some structure and definition.  I've asked for this multiple times.  This counselor is not providing those things...Has anyone else been through the system and have any words of advice for me?  I'm terrified to change providers because this one has been accepted by court.  But I don't think she can help me...I'm 35 days sober today and thinking of throwing it away because why the fuck not?  I'm failing anyway.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 35 days :-)..Have you asked her why she is not providing what you are asking for? You have already made it this far you are not failing!.
Congratulations on your progress...I see a couple of things from "over here"...It doesn't appear the counselor is "directive" or "prescriptive".  Some have training in mostly listening and "providing space and support for you to figure it out for yourself"...Since you asked clearly and there has been no movement I'd accept you've discovered the limits of the counselor.  That doesn't mean she's not "good" or "effective" just that she's got some limits...Insofar as "goals and action plans" for sobriety there are many options.  One that I embraced is through AA for several reasons - accessibility (they're about everywhere I look); costs (zero); and ease of use.  In the beginning I used a counselor and AA.  I eventually dropped the counselor and got what I needed by working the steps...Tried anything like that?
I'm sorry this is happening. I don't think this counselor is very understanding or helpful. However you can help yourself. ..May I ask you how you have stayed sober for 35 days? What things have done or not done that has made sobriety possible? 
Counselling typically doesn't "tell you what to do" in the traditional sense. It can guide you though...It sounds like a sponsor might be something to look into?
You're not failing. You're going through the court stuff and showing up on time and you're not drinking. This woman doesn't seem to have the training or capacity to properly help you with addiction issues so you'll have to take what you can from her and give up on getting much more from her. That's okay. Nothing is going to go haywire...If mobility is the issue you may have to structure your own online support framework--meetings IRC chat daily check-in crowdsource goals and timelines. If AA isn't your thing SMART has online meetings. You can also add routine with meditation/visualization a stimulating or grounding hobby like walking or gardening or a set hour a day during which you learn a new practice or skill like a language. Just some ideas. ..You're at a transition. Things feel fragile but you are right about to hit a new plateau that will feel firmer. Don't give up. I believe in you...
