-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70yyfl/i_want_to_stop_drinking_now/

This is the first time I've come out to anyone about my drinking problem. My girlfriend and mother had voiced mild concerns in the past but I brushed them off never admitting that what they were hinting at had some validity: that I was exhibiting characteristics of alcohol abuse. Not remembering conversations. Attributing the actions of one person to another. Sleeping a hangover off well into the afternoon. Drinking when stressed. I was in complete denial but slowly I had begun to admit little half-truths to myself..."Maybe you shouldn't have had that last beer.".."Maybe drinking at 1pm is not such a good idea.".."Maybe I shouldn't have more drunk days than sober ones in a week.".."Maybe I have a problem."..Looking back I can see where my problems with drinking started to grow hairline fractures in the edifice but as many of you probably have experienced it was hard to notice at the time. Hindsight. 20/20. Yeah...I can trace it back to when I moved abroad for work after university first to Korea then to southern Africa through the Peace Corps. In the former country drinking is almost a cultural rite. I was encouraged by coworkers to go out sing karaoke and get absolutely wasted. And here in southern Africa beer is dirt cheap; I can get trashed off $3. There's the loneliness of it all too. Some days from sun up to sun down I don't speak a word of English to anyone. Whatever I do say in the native language is poorly translated and very little meaning is conveyed. I am uncomfortable or stressed most of the time. I live in a grass hut without running water or electricity.  I shit in a hole in the ground. I am constantly harassed by community members and heckled for money and food. I signed up for this lifestyle sure but I have increasingly turned to alcohol for comfort and respite and I'm losing control. For the most part I've been able to function without anyone noticing (or at least publicly saying to my face) that I drink too much. I feel in control but that control may gradually slip and become illusory. I beleive that if I don't make a change today right now I feel like I'll eventually fall into a hole I can't get out of...It scares me how easy it has become for my brain to come up with an excuse to drink. Like it automatically springs out of my head at any hint of conflict struggle accomplishment happiness..."You've had a real stressful day today. This'll take some of the load off.".."You deserve it.".."It'll give you an edge."..Only-drinking-on-the-weekends has devolved into drinking on Wednesdays too. You know to help power on through to Friday right? I've conciously switched who I buy alcohol from so they won't notice how often/much I drink and judge me. The activity of drinking has migrated from the local watering hole and social settings to the comforting confines of my bedroom. "It's more peaceful here. Besides bars are so noisy. Might as well just enjoy a beer or six with a nice book..." And on it goes...Last night I hit a pretty low point. Not my lowest but it has made me realize that my problem is bigger than me and that I need the help and encouragement of others to walk away. It started when I got in a fight with my girlfriend. After hanging up the phone I went straight to the bottle of whiskey on my desk (red flags I know) and pounded half the bottle almost as if doing so were to spite her. Later in the night I knocked over a glass cup in my kitchen and cut my hand trying to clean up the shards. To top it off I puked into a bucket over the corner of my bed and passed out...I don't know why this night was any different from any other weekend binge I've had. Nothing was damaged beyond repair. No life-altering mistake was committed. I just feel like if I continue down this road at some point I won't be able to turn the car around. ..I want to be sober. I want to live a healthy productive life. I want to stop drinking starting now.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing your story and thank you for the work you are doing with the Peace Corp. Today is my first day too. Like you the realization that I have a problem seemed to creep up on me despite the effort to get it under control numerous times. I'm with you. I want a healthy productive life. I want to feel like myself again. It's an honor not to drink with you today. 
There IS hope!  You can start anew today!..You can do it!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
The disease is so strong we have to reach pretty miserable conditions before we have our moment of clarity and find a sincere desire to stop drinking.  Make a decision and take some recovery actions before you feel better and change your mind.
