-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7128ef/my_daily_gratitude_tuesday_19th_september/

Good evening afternoon &amp; morning SD'ers :)..A quiet uneventful day for me &amp; I have enjoyed it for been so! I did talk with my new social worker about the fact that I am feeling irritable &amp; grumpy And my fear that previously this has led to relapse for me! But I realised that 'irritable &amp; grumpy' are not the same as Angry..... A seriously comforting &amp; reassuring conversation for me :)..Today I am grateful that I am no longer Angry with the world - I was talking to a guy who started going on about how fked people are! It was with pleasure that I just nodded smiled &amp; left him too it.... it's not other peoples attitude mate it's yours to own!..Today I am grateful that even though I wake up most mornings between 3-4am I don't actually have to be functional - major respect to /u/Lee_in_NY you are an amazing little power house sweet lady xxoo..Today I am grateful for Options - now that I am not drinking I can chose when I go out or what time I want to make appointments for (don't need to be home by 1pm so I can start getting drunk or the even better - sorry I'm cancelling today because I started drinking a 7am). Healthy Options - Priceless!..A few years ago I resented people who felt or expressed gratitude. I thought they were full of BS or had some magic charmed life that I would never have. Today I have gratitude but still no magically charmed life! But that's okay because I am learning to accept my life as it is &amp; also how to make the changes to make it even better for myself! So an extra big Thank You to all of you who come to this submit &amp; post your own Gratitude's or even just to come have a look see. I am proud *for* each of us that can find something in our lives to be thankful for. So whether it is Momentous Emotional Mundane or Humorous please add it to our reasons for choosing to live an alcohol free life xx..Stay strong stay brave &amp; be kind to yourself &amp; others :)..Gratefully &amp; Proudly I will not be drinking with you!
----------immediate responses--------

I love reading your posts  ..Today I am grateful for my oldest friend. He is visiting this weekend and messaged me about his excitement. Made my day...Gratefully not drinking with you   
G'day and lovely "45" there. Glad to hear about your increasing freedom / options as well as the freedom to choose your reaction to what you find in the world. I read somewhere that gratitude leads to feeling happy feeling happy doesn't lead to gratitude. Thank you for helping me test that theory for myself. ..Today I am grateful for a good night of sleep maybe the best yet. I had two good nights then a crappy night on Sunday (probably ate not-ideal food too late at night) and a difficult Monday morning (though I pulled it together for a good afternoon and end of day). Last night was bliss. Planning to have a productive balanced day. ..At the second AA meeting I attended the lead speaker said he prayed for guidance in the morning and offered gratitude at night. I liked that. While I'm not a praying person I may start seeking guidance for the day from my "higher power" in the morning and posting gratitude for the day here at night--so I may reply again this evening if that's ok! ..xoxo and see you online ... Have a good evening and night. ..
Morning hon!..Great read as always... anyway being irritable and grumpy is perfectly normal isn't it....? I'm pretty irritable and grumpy too some days! All the best people are don'tchaknow.... ;&gt;)&gt;..Am just waiting for a lift up to the Old Boy weather not so good today so we'll have to find something to do indoors... (treasure hunting?!).....Will drop back in properly later... Have a great day I won't drink with you!..PS: the e-cig is working well only had one real ciggie since yesterday arvo and I'm leaving the tobacco at home today... Woohoo! *Cough Wheeze Splutter...*..xxx :&gt;)&gt;.
Today I am grateful that I'm only losing weight at a snail's pace.  Yes it's vanity but when a thought creeps into my head that I've been SO GOOD another thought creeps in that I have only lost about 5 pounds so far.  So I'm grateful for the two devils (I'll call one Vanity and one Lush) fighting on my shoulder!
Hi QHG! Lovely to hear that things with the new social worker went well. I love your thought that grumpy and angry are not the same thing. I'm going to ponder this today as well. Have a wonderful day!
Happy day 45 quirky! It's wonderful to have options including the option to continue on this sobriety journey :)
Good morning quirky hopefully you're asleep now. I'm grateful for a day off work waking up with no hangover. I'm grateful I was sober last night to stop a ferocious fight between Charles (who's not a fighter) and a stray Tom cat. I'm grateful Charles isn't hurt. I'm grateful to be able to function sort of unimpaired. I'm grateful to you for your sharing of your journey it helps me alot.
I'll chime in!  Love your gratitudes.  Great attitude.  Today I am grateful for the start up of a Refuge Recovery meeting in my city as well as for a home full of sweet animals and a sweet girlfriend.
