-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71fa5j/time_to_stop/

I guess it's time to stop doing this. I'm 30 years old. I should not spend my time and money binge drinking alone once or twice a week smoking cigarettes. I should not be the friend who brings out the desire to drink heavily in others. Most people wouldn't guess. I'm a reasonably attractive female who is self-employed and makes her own hours who makes more than enough money to support herself and who does yoga practices meditation and enjoys healthy eating. But there is a darker side to me the side that struggles with loneliness social anxiety depression and addiction the side that doesn't really want to grow up completely. ..I can go a week without drinking but inevitably I tell myself I deserve it and will go out for one drink. By the time I'm finished I've decided on picking up a bottle and a pack of cigs on my way home so I can "have a night." I don't have friends at this age who would come over and binge drink with me at home on a weeknight so I almost always do it alone preferring to wake up without wondering if I should feel embarrassed for anything I said or did the night before. Sometimes I do end up getting too trashed while out with friends and then I play it off like I don't normally get so wasted but shit happens.....It's actually embarrassing writing out this confession. I already have plans to go out dancing on Saturday with a friend who I sometimes drink with but maybe I'll just be the DD. ..Time to stop this love affair.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck and thanks for sharing your story. This is a really welcoming and helpful place...I will not drink with you tonight.
[removed]
There IS hope!  You can start anew today!..You can do it!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Hey welcome. I started with yoga/mindfulness around the same time I stopped drinking but WOW what a difference in my mental health. I imagine you'll see such beautiful growth too especially with your anxiety/depression &lt;3 you can grab a badge from the sidebar if you like I like watching the numbers tick up. We are all here to support you!
Hi there!  Your story is very similar to my own.  I hope that you get some relief from your anxiety and depression.  I've found that not drinking drastically reduces both of those feelings.  Lots of support here for you!
Thank you for sharing. The good news is you've found a super supportive place to come hang out. I've found that reading here has been a huge motivator to stay sober. Reading "The Naked Mind" for free over in the sidebar also helped change my mindset about alcohol in general. ..Seconding the badge recommendation! ..I won't drink with you today!
There's nothing like that gut wrenching feeling of wondering what you did or said the night before. Only to be told by you're friends the next day and hope they laugh it off.  Just think of how great it feels to be sober and less anxious.  Stay focused on what you love.  You got this!
Your story is very familiar to me. 30 seemingly healthy happy active. Getting hammered by myself etc. Giving up cigs and booze for good now. I hope you will keep updating us with good news!
I was 31 when I quit. Your story is similar to mine. I've got 14 months now.
[removed]
In the same spot as you almost 30. One of the best things I've learned to replace 'should' with 'could' in my vocabulary. I think should is one of the most harmful words in the English language - because it makes us victims to our circumstances. Could gives us power and a choice. I won't drink with you today!
Find the right motivations that prove to you that drinking gives fleeting euphoria at best despair and humiliation at worst.
Same boat. 30 yo reasonably attractive active female. Struggling hard with this fucked up love affair for years now. It started slow for me too but progressed into something more frequent...and even drinking alone every day now it's never enough. I always want more. People are still surprised when I tell them because on the surface I seem to be doing just fine. Glad you're here anyway. We're all in this together!
Same here. I decided to stop. You cannot hide yourself in a bottle. Go girl we can make it for the life we want. I will totally not drink with you today! 
I would buy alcohol and think "Well I need cigarettes too". Because they only sell packs of 20 in the UK I would have some cigarettes left over and think "Well I need to smoke the rest of them so I need to buy some alcohol to drink with them!" Usually the cigarettes would run out during this second binge. As I would be drunk  I would go to the shop and buy more smokes. Next day I would have smokes left over and think...well you get the point...Glad you've taken the plunge and I will not drink with you today :)
I hate labels but I know I am one - a sneak drinker. It sucks.  I have not set a badge but it has been since April 11 - a Tuesday - that my husband called me out on it.  
