-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71k3jc/anxious_depressed_making_a_change/

First time poster! I'm in my early 20's work full time and go to school full time to support myself. My anxiety has been ramping back up despite months of ease with lifestyle changes (exercise eating better). Nothing I do seems to make any difference. .In terms of my drinking habits I drink a few times a week. Multiple drinks in a sitting. I reduced pretty heavily when I started making lifestyle changes but I'm definitely still the girl topping your glass up and ordering another drink. ..Last night lying in bed feeling like shit because I was anxious and then also fucked up I had the same thought I always do "you should be sober you need to stop using crutches."..I guess I'm just looking for advice. Did you struggle with anxiety and depression? Did quitting drinking help? I'm also also a daily weed smoker and am looking to stop that too (I know this isn't the sub for that just for context)..Hope that was coherent. Today's been rough. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Did you struggle with anxiety and depression? Did quitting drinking help?..In my experience yes...The past 10 years was feeling depressed and anxious and drank because of it. After about 2-3 weeks of not drinking I realized most of it was caused by alcohol. Not all of it but right now it's much better and I can cope with those problems because they are not as overwhelming as they used to be while drinking
Quitting drinking has been the single biggest thing that's helped me to reduce spiralling anxiety.  What I thought was my crutch was perpetually tripping me up and keeping my legs broken.  It hasn't been easy but it has been worth it.  I hope you can give it a try and find similar benefits.  Best wishes.
Yes sobriety helps with my depression. I didn't realize how bad my depression was until I got sober. Only then did I seek treatment...Making changes to your life isn't easy but making good changes pays off immensely.
