-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71k65h/quick_tips_for_cravings_in_early_recovery/

HI guys..I'm about 3 weeks sober.  I had a relapse after almost a hundred days and I'm back to the first few weeks and I'd forgotten how much ore frequent and intense cravings are.  I know we all have our own tools that work for us and theres always the classic .."play the tape"."do something else"."call someone"..but the 'do something else' idea is great except sometimes its easier if my mind already has the 'something else' ideas lined up and ready to go before i get too distracted in trying to decide what to do with myself/ my thoughts.  ..I found that sometimes little things like  if you're out in public/ at work:googling a joke and texting it to a friend getting up to get water/ tea making plans for lunch/ after work that you enjoy (going to the gym going to a meeting shopping ect) going for a quick walk around the office/ around the block asking a friend or co-worker a question thats been on your mind that requires a decent length answer chewing gum/ a mint..at home/ car/commute/ making tea or coffee or going to buy tea or coffee listening to a podcast going for a jog taking a shower singing outloud or thinking outloud journaling ..ect...I was wondering if you guys had any additional ideas?  I hope some of mine are helpful and would love other suggestions. ..hope everything is having a good day :)  This is my first post and im a little nervous.
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes it's doing something minor and time consuming I have put off...The other day I cleaned out a drawer in my desk. Took 20 minutes was kind of pointless but distracTed me
I discovered that what I confused for alcohol cravings were really just hunger pangs that were fairly easily satisfied by eating something (especially with protein since it digests slower like cheese or nuts).  This did not help the mental aspect of wanting to drink but helped with the physical feelings which then helped me realize that my body was not craving poison but instead food and my addicted mind had substituted alcohol for food so often that I was confusing natural hunger for a desire for alcohol.
For me...finding things that actively engaged me. Especially if its something I enjoy but cannot do while buzzed/drunk. Personally playing/learning difficult things on guitar and reading are my go to's. The ability to do either rapidly falls apart when I drink. There are times when on my way home from work I really really wanna drink...but as long as I can get home without booze in hand....pick up my guitar or a good book...after 10-15 minutes I forget about the booze. Also this author really helped me...his name is Kevin O'Hara he writes about beating alcohol (no religious stuff) but he has a really great perspective on it IMO. He also has a great free podcast. It may help...https://www.amazon.com/Alcohol-Freedom-Powerful-Kickstart-Alcohol-Free/dp/1511611529/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1506011510&amp;sr=8-7&amp;keywords=alcohol+mastery
I make an essential oil blend that I carry around with me and deploy whenever I get That Feeling. If it is a particularly bad craving I will stop in my tracks close my eyes and inhale for a full minute. It works very well for me. Here's my recipe:..lavender.chamomile .citrus--any but I like grapefruit lemon and lemon verbena .herbaceous--any but I like rosemary marjoram and basil ..I put it in a .5 ounce bottle and cup the whole thing in my hands right up at my nose like a fruity gas mask. Best to you and welcome!!
.I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Every year I make my gifts for Christmas. I usually have a list of about 25 (household gifts not per person). I browse Pinterest if I have no inspiration but I need a concrete idea by June. I shop for supplies by July. I spend my downtime working on that. Usually I hope to be done by thanksgiving so I don't have to stress during December only needing to get everything wrapped and a few shipped to other states. .This is my first sober holiday season. I decided to make dream catchers this year. They are pretty complex and making one in full takes quite a few hours. I've found this surprisingly therapeutic. Crafting will probably be my go to from now on when a craving hits. I've always enjoyed creating things but I always drank when I did. Oddly enough it doesn't trigger me at all. 
I do the absolute contrary to doing something else. I sit down preferably close my eyes and sit with that craving. Really look at it where it came from why it hit me how it feels where I feel it the emotion that caused it etc. And I sit with it until it slowly dissolves. .This is my first time round I am doing this instead of running away from it and I can report that it helps me so so much. Cravings feel a lot less scary now because I am willing to face them. I feel so proud of myself it's every faced craving and it feels like I am growing stronger with each. And now it is more interesting to actually find the reasons than make the craving stop.... .it's basically meditating with my cravings ;))) .Anyway I will not drink with you today. 
