-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71m1gq/if_i_keep_having_sober_days_like_this_im_probably/

No big drama going on or anything but just a terrifying little realization. This is just my fourth day and I already feel like I'm getting kind of complacent: and for me the evidence is that today I did just what I'd have done any day that I usually drank just without the alcohol. I wanted to believe that after my last bad night drinking something had *changed* or snapped into place---but now I'm seeing first hand just how easy it would be to fall back into drinking and from there I know I'd be lost again. Does anyone else feel like they have to change so much of their life to hold on to their sobriety? I was trying to give myself a week of "just staying sober" taking it easy on myself but I don't think that's gonna cut it this time. I need to feel like I'm on a better path.
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing just automatically changed for me. I had to do the work. 
My fourth days were traditionally so rough that anything past could only be better. On the other hand I know what you mean I think about feeling like standing still = going backwards. If I'm not reading you right please holler at me! :)..If taking it easy on yourself has you feeling like you're in a rut is there anything you can do for yourself today that might help you take a first step onto a better path?..For today I won't drink with you. Peace.
[removed]
I know what you mean...I actually joined this sub back in January under a different username to motivate myself to keep my "dry January" resolution. Well I did and I felt so damn proud of myself that I decided to reward myself with a beer. After all if I was really an alcoholic I wouldn't have been able to go a whole month without booze right? That first beer I didn't even finish. Another high-5 for me! I'm *definitely* not an alcoholic! So of course I had another couple drinks the next week followed by a couple more a few days later. Now it's September. I've told myself so many times this year that I should take another month off. After all I did it once so I can do it again right? But the most I've been able to go without drinking since then has been a week. Inevitably I decide that I've proven to myself that I'm not an alcoholic and I can have a casual drink every now and then. Shortly after I'm back in binge-drinking territory only my binges have slowly grown. I used to get hammered off a bottle of wine. Now I can go through a bottle and a half if I want to. I've even drank two on a couple of occasions. How much longer down this road until I'm drinking more than that?..I don't want to know. I scare myself. I've never been a textbook alcoholic just a heavy drinker who is pretty good at hiding it. It's almost harder this way because you can continue to justify it to yourself comparing yourself to the worst of the worst horror stories and pointing a finger at them saying well I'm not like *that*.....I won't drink with you today.
There's a saying in AA:..&gt; The only thing you have to change is everything..Now while that statement is perhaps a little excessive it's also rather accurate. For problem drinkers so much of our lives our behavior our identity our routines ... all tie into the drink. It's just the fact of the matter for so many (certainly was that way for me)...I then had to learn that I couldn't *just change all the things* as much as I just had to live one day at a time and handle one issue at a time. To this day that's an attitude with which I struggle. I must make sure that I am focusing on one singular thing in my life in order to give it the best of myself and make that thing better. When I'm cleaning my house that's the only thing I'm doing is cleaning my house. If I stop cleaning my house to exercise then I'm not cleaning my house and when I come home from the gym I just have a messy house and feel like shit...The multitasking metaphor also works with our emotions. Alcoholics drink to address emotional overload. I feel happy sad angry confused etc... so I drink so I can accent or suppress those emotions. This means instead of feeling that way I feel drunk instead. I then need to dive in to consider why I feel the way I feel. I need to clean house...Why do you feel complacent? Because you did what you normally do but without alcohol? What's wrong with that? As long as the things done aren't harmful then fuck it! We're still ourselves in sobriety as we are drunk but we have the ability to handle being ourselves. ..One day at a time my friend!
I think it's important to examine the reasons *why* you drink and learn to work on those things without the crutch of alcohol.  Maybe it's something you've just always done socially at first and it progressed to problem drinking/alcoholism as the years went on. For me alcohol gave me "liquid courage" socially it quelled my social anxiety and I felt uninhibited in a way I never felt sober. I like the way it numbs me so I don't have to really face anything.  But my drinking got to the point where I turned into a sloppy drunk and I stopped growing as a person. I was in perpetual arrested development. I never really learned true social skills because I always had alcohol to kill my fears about saying something stupid.  And boy did it ever. I've said lots of mean stupid horrible things to people and I've done lots of things I'm ashamed of. ..So I'm working on that now. I'm only 5 days in pretty much the same place as you.  You have to figure out whatever it is that you're chasing or numbing with excessive drinking.  It's not easy and it won't be better in a week.  A phrase I've heard a lot on here is "If nothing changes then nothing changes".  You'll never find a better path if you continue on the same course. ..I won't drink with you today.
I had to change many things about my life in order to be sober and happy. I got professional help with a therapist and psychiatrist. I went to rehab outpatient and AA. I had no clue how to build the sober happy life I have today without a support system. 
People here have described stopping drinking as only the first change they need to make. My experience was that stopping drinking (with several re-starts) *enabled* me to make the other changes I needed to by giving me more time energy and money. One thing that helped me was focusing on only doing ONE THING each day and that thing was not to drink. A lot of other stuff went on auto-pilot for a while until I got stronger. ..Hang in there. Not drinking with you tonight!
There IS hope!  You can start anew today!..You can do it!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
