-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71mu05/reflections_on_boredom_drinking_culture_and_sober/

When I was drinking I used to think anything fun or social had to revolve around alcohol. Not just because of my personal addiction but because alcohol is ubiquitous and sold everywhere from bowling alleys to music concerts. That used to really bum me out because it has been really difficult for me to be around alcohol so I didn't do anything for months. I don't mind staying home and being alone but after awhile it gets to me. That being said I've thought of some ideas of what to do with all the time and money I used to spend on alcohol...Camping hiking fishing shooting and archery are all great things to get into if you're sober and don't know what to do with yourself. I probably spent tens of thousands of dollars on alcohol over the years and spent every waking moment drinking or thinking about drinking. Think about how much camping supplies guns ammo and fishing gear you could save up for now! Also outdoor activities can be done alone with friends and there aren't any liquor stores or bars in the middle of a forest!..Anyway hope this helps someone who might be struggling trying to figure out what to do cause I know how hard it can be the first few months.
----------immediate responses--------

I love to go hiking and climbing.  I've even done some spelunking.  It's great fun and you definitely don't want to do these activities while drinking or even hungover.  Another cool thing is when you see others out doing these activities they are rarely ever drinking.  I also love when people ask if I want to go and drink at the bar and I get to tell them no! I'm getting up early to hit some awesome trails!  
The outdoor pursuits are a great idea! Sounds like a lot of fun......The thing about spending money getting drunk is that you never have anything to show for it afterwards do you except a hangover and a lingering sense of remorse (at best!)......Much better to spend that time and money doing something fun that you will actually remember the next morning I reckon......Just to add to the suggestions above I find *creative* hobbies to be really therapeutic: woodworking crafting gardening writing playing musical instruments etc... Many of these can also be done alone or with friends!..Or taking a class or a few lessons in a foreign language new hobby or skill doesn't have to be expensive and is a good way to occupy the mind and meet new people in a sober setting.....Hope that helps someone too......I won't drink with you today!..Best wishes ..Woody
I thought moving to a mountain community last year for work was going to be boring and it is but there is a ton of outdoor activities year around up here. I have often grabbed the pole and went to the lake and few miles down the road. Look like I might be there more now.  
I could have written this post myself! I'm also on the lookout for more new and sober ways to have fun interesting things to do. I'm not a super sporty person but I do love sewing bookbinding and other creative stuff activities for which I now have alllll the time energy and resources :)..(currently having a belated birthday + 75 days sober celebration at a spa resort something I can easily afford from the money I otherwise would have wasted on booze :D)
