-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71o565/need_some_support/

I'm an alcoholic but have been sober for over a year now. My brother is currently in the hospital after having a seizure and possibly seriously damaging major organs (kidneys pancreas liver) because of alcohol and xanax abuse. He won't go inpatient but everything he's tried has failed. I was just in a huge fight with him over the last couple weeks over some shitty hurtful things he said about me and my wife. It's bringing up a lot of painful memories of when I was where he is plus a lot of guilt and worry. I'm not going to drink but I'm struggling and could use a word of encouragement or sympathy because this is rough and I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

You can't control the past so there's no use worrying about it. And you can't control what your brother has said or what he will say in the future. All you can control is how you react and the choices you make. Try and show your brother the same kindness you would hope for in his situation and it might help your healing process a little too :) 
I am so sorry. I do not have nearly your time in this game! Much respect to you...I lost my only sibling to a heroin overdose last year. We'd had a bad fight a few months prior to his death that we'd since moved on from but it had left wounds and I don't think either of us felt they had healed all the way yet. I spent a long time (and do still sometimes spend) feeling agonized over it wishing I'd tried harder done better reached out more--and I don't know if this makes any sense but I really didn't/still don't react well to people trying to comfort me with "there was nothing you could have done." While that may be true I think what upsets me is that I will never know that with certainty. I'll never know particularly whether things might have been different between us had I not been drinking. I can accept though that I had no control over his addiction. I'm just heartbroken that he didn't either...Well that wasn't very encouraging! :( I guess all I have is to say that you aren't alone. I'm sorry you are going through this and I know only that drinking won't make it better. I wish you all the strength and peace you need at this time.
All things will pass. Good wishes.
((Hugs)). I hope things get better for you and your brother. 
Stay strong and stay sober.  No matter what shitstorm life tries to throw at us nothing is ever made better by drinking. 
Stay strong man. :)
