-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71q36n/aa_meetings_any_advice/

I have just passed the 12 weeks sober mark (woohoo) and I have been meaning to get to an AA meeting at some point over the next few days as I am really starting to struggle. However I am terrified. Scared that I will be turned away for not belonging or being 'alcoholic enough' or I don't even really know what I am so scared of. I think voicing to a room of alcoholics that I am an alcoholic makes it so much more real. Does anyone here attend or have any advice or tips? Or telling me to woman up and just get on with it will also be useful. Thanks in advance 
----------immediate responses--------

You won't be turned away. People are very welcoming. I think you'll be very surprised.
I'm a satisfied customer.  The **only** requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.  Listen for the similarities not for the differences; for the feelings not the details.  Put your hand up &amp; let the group know it's your first meeting.  You might be a little overwhelmed at the support but take it in the spirit in which it is given.  The newcomer is the most important person in the room.
Congrats on 12 weeks! Beautiful job...I too was terrified of attending my first AA meeting. This *treasure* for me was *golden*. Check it out: https://redd.it/34vu9m. Our very own u/coolcrosby was kind enough to submit this - I followed it and it's worked for me. I hope you find it helpful :).
Yes. My advice is to go to meetings...Source: 34 years sober and I still go.
This is how easy it is:..Find a meeting.  I arrive 20 minutes early to a new place I've nit been before.  I walk up to the first person I see and say "hi I'm new here how does it work?"..That's it...They show me where the coffee is the seating introduce me to others if I like and that's it.  No "tests" no "qualifying" no "comparison".  Just caring and welcoming...I travel and find a meeting in new cities towns and countries!  A welcoming family wherever I go!
I've been reluctant to go as well I'm really glad you posted this. I know this sounds crazy but I'm even hung up on 'what to wear'. Workout clothes? Work clothes? Jeans? A dress? The closest I've been is driving to a meeting but not going in. 
I strongly recommend if you dont fall in love with your first meeting attend others in your area.  Every meeting takes on it's own culture of sorts.  They all kinda follow the same basic ideas but they defiantly are not all the same  good luck!
AA has helped me a lot. I think you will be pleasantly surprised at how welcoming and nonjudgmental it is. Just pick a meeting show up and introduce yourself to someone when you get there. You definitely do not have to share if you don't want to. Just say "Hi my name is W15pa I'm just here to listen today/tonight" if you don't want to self-identify or just don't want to talk in front of a group. ..As others have said make sure to check out a variety of meetings. AA is huge and with that comes a wide range of people and personalities. The overall concept is the same but the meetings themselves can vary in vibe quite a bit. ..Good luck! 
Go. I'm an athiest introvert who has serious issues with AA but it saved my life and I still go several days a week when I can. ..No one is going to ask how much you drank to make sure you belong if you've made your way there what you will hear is  welcome home . ..Like any meeting of a family it can be wonderful or fraught but it starts to feel like the one place everyone understands which is the powerful thing about it. ..If you don't like the first one you go to attend a few more at different times/places. Take what you like and leave the rest! 
Thanks for all the support guys! It really is appreciated. Just reading this sub has been beyond useful and I now think I am ready to go and meet people in a similar situation in person. It's taken 12 weeks to stop feeling so ashamed and to start feeling proud of myself and take ownership of my new alcohol life and move forward with my new normal. Hope you are all doing well. X
I would recommend trying out at least 10 different meetings. When I got out of treatment I went to 1 or 2 meetings everyday. That helped me to find people that I clicked with. Meetings can be very different. After filtering through many of the local meetings I found 5 I like and 2 that I almost never miss..In general AA is very accepting. Some groups are more pushy with god and steps than others. The one thing that's certain if you look around you will find people in AA with very similar stories that want to help you.
