-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71rr45/accidental_recovery_meeting/

Disclaimer:  It is not my intent for anyone brand new to sobriety to interpret this as a reason not to TRY attending 12-step meetings.  The stone left unturned may have been the first step on a great journey...After a rough day at work I headed to meet a friend for an open mic night at a juice bar that has recently begun serving Kava.  If you're not familiar it's a beverage brewed from a Polynesian root that has a mild anti-anxiety effects.  After a couple servings we both relaxed and enjoyed some good performances then headed to a table outside when somebody took the mic to read an essay on atheism and (pseudo)feminism.  ..My friend will be six years off booze this week.  I'm a few days from 20 months.  As we got to chatting with other people outside in our immediate area it turned out there was a total of over 17 years of freedom from the substances that had ruled our lives in a crowd of less than 10 people.  It was only a topic of conversation for maybe 5 minutes.  The drug of choice time clean and a couple gripes about 12 step ideology. Then the conversation moved back to getting to know each other better art music and fundamental flaws in the essay reader's argument.  ..There are lots of people out there struggling with these issues and not all of them are in 12 step rooms.  I was feeling a little isolated and wound up so I went to an alcohol free space where people unwind and discovered a whole new social group. Peace and IWDWYT... 
----------immediate responses--------

You know what jumps out at me from your awesome post?  .."A gathering of mostly sober people having fun and companionship without alcohol."  FOMO is a myth if I'm open to possibilities!!..I noticed you said "juice bar" not pub sports bar nightclub juke joint honey tonk biker bar rave metal rock concert tailgate party....  I'm not likely to find me manynsober people there.
I think the lesson here is that speaking/connecting with other people who struggle with alcohol is a component to recovery. The great thing about AA is that you can always find said people.
It was eye opening for me to find so many other people online going through exactly the same thing I was going through when I quit.  For so long I felt like I must be the only person struggling with alcohol.  Very well done my friend.
You don't have to go to 12 step meetings to find fellowship and there are other groups like SMART recovery that offer support. I don't think I could have stayed clean without some support from a group of people with similar experience.
