-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71sc3a/extreme_irritability/

It's only been a couple days since my last binge and it's not exactly uncommon for me to go a few days to a week without drinking but I find myself infuriatingly irritable this morning. Here's a list of things that have pissed me off thus far in no particular order:..The dog was walking super slow on our walk this morning. She isn't my dog; I'm petsitting for some neighbors...There are also three cats in this home that I'm caring for. Again not my cats and I struggle to understand why anyone would own three freaking cats...One of the cats is super old and is more or less constantly yowling ridiculously loudly. The owners tell me he does it when hungry but he will continue immediately after I've fed him multiple times. Wtf?..I had plans to go dancing with a friend tomorrow night and when I informed her of my newfound sobriety she answered that she would rather not go dancing if I'm not going to be drinking. I actually was really looking forward to dancing as I really want to still have a fun sober life which I told her and she replied that she isn't planning on drinking much anyway and only dances when drunk suggesting mini golf as a sober alternative. So now I'm playing mini golf on Saturday night...I shouldn't be smoking cigarettes anyway but I wanted to smoke on my walk with the dog and was extremely annoyed at the existence of other people around me. I live in a non-smoking city -- wtf in and of itself -- and now feel like I'm some degenerate just having a cigarette...On a different note I listened to the newest RadioLab episode Oliver Sipple on my walk this morning and I recommend it though it's rather sobering pun intended. It isn't about alcoholism but it comes up at the end and could be seen as a cautionary tale...I hope no one here is offended by my rants even if you have a million cats. I just wanted to vent. I won't be drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

This made me laugh...it's the little things that get us! Mini golfing sounds like more fun than dancing with some strange drunk guy...playing with a fun putter will be better. Meow!
&gt; even if you have a million cats..:D nah just three like your friend. There are days I'd prefer to have none so no harm in venting and no offense taken. And some do tend to howl frequently when they're older and it IS irritating as all hell...I laughed at the dog walking slowly. It's like bitch-eating-crackers but with pets...Happy Friday to you and thanks for the laughs. I will not drink with you today.
I used to have 2 cats and I constantly wondered why the hell I had them... so I hear you there! **Rant away!** It really is helpful IMO...Having a friend change plans because of my sobriety would bother me a lot. People don't realize how they make sober folks feel unwelcome sometimes. I need to figure out a way to tell people they do this without making them feel like an ass. Unless they deserve to feel like an ass... then I'll blurt something rude out to them with the hopes of it hurting. Mature right? ;) ..Stay strong! I hope you kick her ass at mini golf. I won't drink with you today. 
Where is this non-smoking city so I can avoid it like the plague?
I have 3 cats and I love them like children but they certainly can be a giant pain in the ass at times.  My oldest cat follows me around and yowls for food a lot even after I feed her but it's because she has a chronic illness (IBD) so she feels hungry a lot. ..Anyway I can totally relate to being irritable and annoyed with people's mere existence.  It comes and goes but was really bad on days 2 &amp; 3 this week. Ugh.  Ups and downs.  ..Rant away!  Just getting it out helps.  Mini golf is fun and requires focus so that's definitely a good thing...
I was the person everybody left their pets with too. I had to put a stop to that. Have you tried buying cheap plates at a thrift store and hurling them against the wall in an alley? I used the pieces for art projects afterward.
