-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71st4r/im_going_on_a_bachelorette_cruise_with_free_open/

Hey guys. I'm struggling to wrap my head around this situation. I came here not for permission to drink obviously but to have some one hopefully give me advice on how to navigate this whole experience I am about to go through...A little background.. I stopped drinking exactly 3 years ago TOMORROW actually.. shit. I didn't even realize that. Right after I found out I was pregnant with my daughter. There was no going back! So in the 3 years booze free I was in therapy for depression and anxiety and figured out the reason why I loved alcohol so much was because it temporarily relieved those feelings I had. I went basically my whole adult life undiagnosed and just drank. So for about 3 months I've been on lexapro and getting plenty of sunshine exercise love and support. I love my life and family. Life is good! So here's the tricky part.... ..I'm kind of introverted and have 2 close-ish girlfriends but I have really been making an effort to be more social and branch out a little. I've made so much progress exiting the party scene socializing and moved on to other moms and playgroups kind of socializing. Which is great... but it's not very fun. I'm always with my kids 24/7 while my husband takes weekends to stay with his guy friends to game etc. He has a solid group of guy friends and I'm kind of envious that he gets time away from parenting and gets to have fun!..So my SIL is getting married and I am one of her bridesmaids. She reached out and invited me to go on a cruise with her and the other girls. I previously went out with them one night after a bridal shower thing and stayed out til 2 am no alcohol and was the DD and had FUN! My excuse for not drinking was I was still nursing my baby. I didn't want to make anyone feel weird. So now I definitely want to go on the cruise with the girls.. but in my head I'm like... I know that I can moderate myself with just one or two drinks. I'm on lexapro so I won't have those cravings again but just for this one weekend maybe I can just have one beer by the pool.. or one drink at a bar when we dock. I just want to have fun and fit in and let loose for a weekend. ..But this is all my addiction sneaking back in. Justifying why I am allowed one drink... "You're not an alcoholic. You're depressed and you used alcohol in the past but now you use medication so you were never really an alcoholic.." ..This is kind of driving me crazy...edit: I know I can't give up 3 freaking years of sobriety to fit in for a weekend. I know I can't and I will not. Typing all of that out and processing it really helped me put this thing into perspective. I'm going to go and stay sober and stay true.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for playing the tape forward - I started to get nervous for you at the end:-) 
Don't worry about making anyone else feel weird! You're sobriety is nobody's business. ..As for all of the fantasizing about drinking on this cruise maybe it's not a good idea to go. I don't know. I suggest you really think about the reasons you want to do.
Hey as somebody else mentioned earlier Mindfulness exercises. I believe that HEADSPACE even has specific guided meditations for drinking. .But anyway the basic of it is to INTENTIONALLY pay attention to the moment without judgement. So you take everything in process it and move on. Look into it. Maybe instead of a beer by the pool you can pop your headphones in for a quick 5 minute meditation session. .Good luck and HAVE FUN!!!
Wow you've been a nonstop caregiver for three years solid. That's probably intensifying your desire to let loose. Take advantage on the cruise of all the spa services. Get daily massages if you can and make it a real healing hiatus. And try to take more time for yourself routinely please! I would uh envy my husband's having every weekend away playing while I'm left with the kids too.. if you want any validation about that I'm right here with stronger terms at the ready and can barely hold them in as it is! Great job making the decision not to drink on this trip. You're going to rock it...
