-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71v6li/my_alcohol_timeline/

Age 16: Had my first drink on Thanksgiving. I got drunk but was over it the next day. ..Age 18: My brother-in-law would let me drink beer at his house every so often. My parents were on vacation once I got bored and drank some gin they had. Had the worst hangover ever! But this was like a one off thing never became a pattern..Age 21: Bought my first 6 pack (dos equis). Got drunk on Halloween. Rarely drank otherwise. I remember thinking "21 is not as cool as I thought it would be". Was way more interested in green tea and doing healthy shit...Age 22-25: Drank every so often. Mainly holidays but occasionally at establishments. Used it to get through speech class. Still a very occasional thing maybe a drink a couple times a month at most. I remember being at family gatherings and drinking a bit much but managed to drive home just fine. It's sad I actually thought of it as a game like "ha! They didn't catch me!". ..Age 25-30: Started drinking all the time. Mostly after work but weekends as well. Got drunk every now and then like with my in-laws on Christmas Eve or some some random cigar night. Not a lot of drunk moments though. Bought booze for the house on a regular basis especially seasonal beers! It was the best time of my alcohol career. I felt good about drinking and in total control. Never even considered it an issue. I even met my wife over a glass of wine. I get nostalgic feelings looking at my credit card history and seeing my favorite drinking places show up. It was a blast.  . .30-32 (preset): I started drinking more heavy at night like 4-5 drinks. I had a few nights where they were heavy drinking especially around the time I got married haha. Felt weird dull pain in my side (not sure if it's alcohol related or not). Noticed I NEEDED a drink after work like you know an addiction. Tried quitting for a few weeks and had difficulties. Noticed a pattern of quitting then drinking again then quitting and then relapses that were often worse then before I quit! Changed my view of alcohol and actively try to reduce its consumption. I accept the 25-30 years are over but looking forward to the future. Currently working on achieving total sobriety which IMO means not caring about alcohol. I miss the days I didn't care whether I drank or not. What I would do to get that mind back!..What I have learned is that as I got older the more alcohol was screwing my life. It's almost like alcohol is only a "twenty-something" drug. It gets old fast in your thirties! Feel free to share your timeline I find it really interesting. 
----------immediate responses--------

ok I'll go. this was interesting. thanks for sharing your timeline. Here's mine. (It's long! well partly because I am older) for me the thirties weren't much of an issue because of pregnancies and little kids; things started getting dicey in my forties. ..Age 16-18: Had occasional beer with my older boyfriend but really did not drink; I was not part of the party crowd. At high school graduation party got a bit drunk and still drove home (arrived ok but took mental note that I shouldn't do that again). .Age 18-20: Drank every weekend first two years of college. Used alcohol to bolster working class social skills at fancy east coast college. Definitely binge drank pretty often. Searing memory of throwing up in a guy's dorm room. .Age 20-24: Drank socially with my boyfriend and our friends. Hosted boozy parties at home. Got married and attended many friends' weddings. But I don't remember my drinking being a frequent problem. I likely drank a bit too much on weekends but did not drink daily.  .Age 24-28: Got job in Wall Street area with lots of young single people; Friday at the bar was a huge huge thing. Drank too much but not ridiculously so. I did some grad school and was too busy to drink much during the week. Husband and I started having difficulties considered splitting up came back together then split up for good. I immediately started dating someone from work. Had one huge stress drinking night on the day everyone found out. Other than that mostly "normal" drinking with occasional binges.  .Age 29-38: Married for second time (the guy from work; we've now been happily married 20 years). Started trying to get pregnant immediately. I drank socially and with him but with time off for pregnancies. Then we had babies and little kids; it didn't occur to me really to drink when I was caring for them. I did reeaaaalllly look forward to nights out with my husband or friends drinking on weekends (but not usually excessively that I remember). .Age 38-43: As kids got older more opportunities to be "out" drinking. Book group became more like a wine group. Went to grad school again for a while hung out with younger cohort found that I sometimes drank too much felt embarrassed (since I was the older one).  Left doctoral program to go to work full-time at a job I grew to hate. Maybe it was around then that I started drinking wine at home to unwind 1-2 glasses not sure how often. The fact that I was drinking more and more than was healthy was not on my radar at all. .Age 44-46: Bought business and had lots of schedule flexibility; kids got older. Joined country club. More friends more opportunities to be out. And I continued to drink wine at home. By summer of 2014 I realized i was drinking 2-3 glasses of wine every single day and going up to 4-6 glasses a few nights per week. Had a terrible blackout night followed by all-day hangover. I looked awful and felt awful. I realized I needed to change. .Age 46-49: Scaled back on drinking. At some point I found the StopDrinking subreddit and started reading; lurked for over a year. Read many alcohol memoirs. Finally decided to try quitting for thirty days but I drank on day 20. More moderation attempts followed for about nine months. I found that when I wasn't drinking daily I was actually more likely to binge-drink because the first glass of wine did an even more effective job of removing my inhibitions. But what was the alternative going back to daily drinking? You guessed it: the alternative was to go to 0 drinks. After a night with my head in the toilet I decided enough and quit hopefully for good. .
I was like that. A little more delayed in the timeline but same kind of progression. I took it further than described before quitting. It was really ugly. Glad it is over. 
I was 15 when I had my first drink.  During high school would be at parties quite often probably got drunk once or twice a month.  From college to age 28 did not go one week straight without getting wasted.  Usually during the weekends but occasionally on weeknights too.  Age 23-28 drank probably every other day.  Black outs risky behavior was in my 20's so no big deal so I thought.  Later 20s though I started to wonder "is this it?"  Around age 28 started actively analyzing my habits and wishing for change then working on change.  29 now and still a work in progress.  ..Grew up in an environment where "the adults drank."  It was the thing to do in the small rural town I was from.  Not much else to do and I saw it as normal my right as an adult.  After graduating college and moving into a more urban area and meeting people from different walks of life I started to realize my habits were not normal or healthy.  I started to realize that people who didn't really drink were the ones getting ahead the ones who were fit and the ones who seemed self assured.  Us drunks just stayed in the same place.   ..Maybe more info than you wanted.  IWNDWYT.  
