-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71xo6v/going_to_a_winery_today_keeping_myself_honest/

Hey guys I haven't checked in for a while. After I don't drink today I'll have two months under my belt. Things have been good though I am still struggling with occasional self doubt that I can do this. When faced with these thoughts I've been reminding myself- it's only about today. As much as I'd like to tell you all that I've given drinking up forever I'm just not strong enough to do that right now. The truth is I really don't know and I don't want to think about forever...I will make one commitment though and that's that I won't drink TODAY. No matter what just not today. That I can do even if it's hard I can face today. In fact I'll face today bravely with my head held high. We can talk about tomorrow.... tomorrow...So anyway I won't drink TODAY. In keeping myself honest I wanted to let you all know I am going to a winery with some friends I haven't seen in a while. It's a family thing I do not expect any excessive pressure to drink apart from the possibly awkward moment where I tell my friends I don't need a wine glass. Whatever it's fine. I won't drink today...I'm looking forward to a healthy day with my wife and child and friends two months sober being the best me that I can be hope life love happiness...Best to you all today. I won't drink with you all.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today!
Hitting that two month mark tomorrow is going to feel way better than a glass of wine today. IWNDWYT
You could always eat so much cheese you don't have room for wine? That my new go to. Life is good lol...good luck and be strong 
You have this! Be the self appointed DD. When children are in the picture no one will bat an eye! Just for today I will not drink with you.
I would be nervous about going to a winery even after almost 2 years sober. Good on you for posting and staying accountable. I won't drink with you today :)
Wineries were my favorite. You are stronger than I. I believe you can do it! I'll keep you in my thoughts today! I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong. That's not something I think I could handle yet but hopefully some day soon! IWNDWYT. 
You got this!..
