-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/722ori/today_was_my_best_day_in_two_years/

I've been an alcoholic for about eight years now. You all know the struggle it's rough shit happens drinking can take over your life. I've been sober for almost a month now and that's great and all but I've been in such a bad place that it's just been driving me up a wall...Long story short I've been homeless for more than two years now basically just living out of my car living off of a little income I made online. Barely surviving. Honestly didn't think I would ever get a good job or anything...I took an interview went to the gym right before and took a shower went to Goodwill and got a nice shirt and pants and gave it my best shot. I ended up getting the job so I moved from my car to a shitty motel. It was nice to have a roof over my head but it was almost worse than my car as everyone there was dealing with their own shit. Drugs. Alcohol. Etc. It's the worst place I've ever stayed but I thought I belonged there...Finally last week I was over it. I couldn't stay there another week. It was 250 a week and basically a trap house type feeling. So I looked around since I had a little money saved. ..I moved into a nice quiet in town suites place. It's more like a hotel than anything. It's nice enough for me quiet peaceful and.... This is the big thing.... They have a little kitchenette... It's been two years since I've been able to make my own food!!! I am still saving pennies but I bought some cheap pans some noodles and some meat and I made spaghetti! And this morning I had scrambled eggs. ..This place has a full refrigerator. I know it doesn't sound like much but it made me happier than I've been in a really long time knowing I could make food. ..So if anyone is doing the car thing or trap house thing it can take a while but you'll get there. I'm saving money every paycheck for an apartment. This place is a big part of my paycheck but slowly but surely I'll get there. I'm just really happy and had to tell someone...No one else would understand the excitement having a two burner stovetop with a timer (no oven though!) :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your new job and new apartment. Sounds you are making great progress ;) .Keep up the good work. I will not drink with you today. 
Way to go!  Keep going and enjoy the little things in life. They're the most important.
Really happy for you! This is super inspiring...keep on keeping on my friend you sound like you are destined for good things.
I totally get it!! That's awesome. Even when you move into your apartment I highly recommend a rice cooker. But especially right now! Congratulations I know that cozy feeling is great. You did that! ;-)
The only bad thing about this place is the WiFi is really bad....I have no data...[Imgur wouldn't load but here's the stove top in all its Glory lol](https://ibb.co/mki3pQ)
I am so impressed by your determination great courage and the mental wherewithal to overcome this.  You will be successful I just know it.  
Happy New Home!..Way to turn things around keep up the steady progress and keep us posted on how you're doing!..I'll join you in not drinking today..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
But really it does sound like so much. It IS so much. They make movies in which people overcome less than this so hell yes be happy! You are crushing it and I am in awe. I won't drink with you tonight.
This post made me very happy. Glad things are going better for you.
I don't feel like a full person if I can't cook do I guess I know what you mean! Over the moon for you congrats.
That's so beautiful . I'm so happy for you . 
 Congratulations. May it only be up from here!
This post gave me tears of joy for you as I'll be living in my car soon and have been preparing for it. Searching for  regular jobs  daily now so that I won't have to be homeless for long. When you described your kitchen it warmed my heart because I know you're just so happy and grateful for something most tend to take for granted. You worked hard for this and you made it and deserve the warm meals you can now cook in *your* home. It's beautiful and inspiring. I wish you so much happiness in your future. And many cozy nights safe from harm. I will not drink with you today. 
Wow.   Congrats.  U could have let ur situation drag u down further but u fought and r getting back on ur feet.  Just Wow. 
That's a fantastic turnaround and some awesome work.  Your post has really grounded me this morning   I'm going to raise my glass of fizzy water to you when I make dinner later. Sounds like you're doing brilliantly   so happy for you :)
Wow. Congratulations! This reminded me of when you go camping for a week and come back home. The simple things like taking a shower or cooking a meal are amazing and supremely enjoyable. Proud of you!
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for reminding me of those days.  I still haven't broken myself of shopping at Goodwill and Salvation Army...my resistance to buying new things...Not drinking with you today.
This is awesome - congratulations!
Loved reading your words huge congrats to you for this. 
Wonderful post!  Keep at it and stay strong!
You know my sister gave up- she was unable to find joy in the simple things - as I type she is dying of liver failure - you better believe what you have done is monumental - Congrats friend- Sober life -IS life !
Wow. That's an incredible story of perseverance. Very few people have the aptitude and strength to be that diligent with a goal such as yours. Keep on keeping on!
congratulations!  I just hired two homeless veterans  one who definitely has struggled with substance use and they are the best hardest workers I have.  I wish you all the luck and I'm so happy for you
You sir or madam are an inspiration!.
My heart goes out to you..Your story really makes a positive impact..You are working the steps one by one..Your progress is huge..So glad you have kept on striving to rise up..I will be more thankful for my situation as a direct result of your good attitude..I will not drink with you today.
Very positive moving storyShows us it can always be worse...Will not drink W/U today. Day 4
Congrats a safe place to lay your head can do wonders for your peace of mind and feelings of the fact that you are worth it. :) 
Congrats I'm so happy for you!!!!! You can rise to great lengths and I hope you see that now you've accomplished so much it sounds awesome. Keep at it whenever life gets a little stagnant and boring just know you are working towards a bigger goal and a better future and that takes a lot of repetitive hard work. 
Awesome mate. Proper hopes and dreams stuff. I pray you keep going. Everyone loves the underdog/zero to hero. Keep going buddy x
