-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/723b7g/i_can_finally_finally_admit_and_understand_now/

That there is no hope for my drinking.  Someone made a thread about moderation and it helped me remember.  Remember the times I said I will only keep two beers in the fridge.  I will only drink on Fridays.  All bull...It's bull because the very fact that I came up with those rules inherently meant I already broke a previous rule to begin with.  It may have never been stated out loud or consciously but after a bad experience I said "I won't drink anymore or I shouldn't drink anymore."  I know I have said it several times out loud even!  Then I convinced myself that an already broken rule or belief could possibly be followed by a different rule or belief and could be stuck to! It truly is addict behavior at its root if you really consider how insane that is...I think I am finally at peace with this.  I love this sub and I hope you all find some peace and clarity too if you are struggling.  (Still) not drinking with any of you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

This is alcoholism and can't be cured in my experience by simply not drinking...Congratulations
Been right there with you buddy! I had the realization that my previous attempts to limit drinking were futile because they were essentially just different schedules for drinking and not actually reducing my average consumption..Example: I used to drink about 24 beers per week and limiting myself to weekends just meant 8 beers from Friday to Sunday...It's funny too I've tried the 2 beers in fridge tactic too but after those two beers I would just crack open the warm ones. It's honestly been easier to not drink than to reduce it...Not drinking with you today!
If it makes you feel any better I suspect if we all contributed to one post on our tried and failed moderation rules it might be the longest thread Stop Drinking's ever seen ;)..Once I realised I needed to talk myself out of all the things I'd talked myself into believing to keep myself drinking I made progress.  I can't moderate or I wouldn't have got here!  It's so much better now I'm done with grey areas.  ..I hope your realisation is a breakthrough for you too.  I'm actually happy at the prospect of not drinking at all now   when I started out I thought my world would end if I never drank again.  Now I tell myself it might end if I do!    ..Have a peaceful sober Sunday!
I was always baffled how I simply could not keep a promise to myself when I came to my rules for drinking. I'd kill myself to keep commitments to others but when it came to myself I faded like a cheap suit. When I stopped making stupid promises turns out I can keep the Big One: not to drink. Not drinking with you today!
I tried diff things too always guzzled beer quickly and found moderation a hell of a lot of stress. It's more liberating to just not do any
