-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/723cvp/made_it_65_months_cracked_so_cliche/

Since I got on this sub about a year ago the ~6 mo relapse post has become something of a familiar trope. Didn't think it would happen to me. Went on a bender for about a month here drunk every night. Just quit again 7 days ago. I do think there's something about half a year. Cravings snuck up out of nowhere. Strong like in the beginning. In retrospect I think it's true what I've heard said on here that the relapse happens before you actually drink. There were several times where I was right on the edge of drinking seemingly out of nowhere. Having to talk myself out of it like I hadn't had to do in months. It didn't help that my mother was visiting for 5 days that my freelance job (only source of income) had dried up and that several long-term friends had conclusively drifted out of my life leaving me with nobody I could truly confide in (and that would care). No falling out just life happening... People moving in different directions relationships jobs etc. (I'm 38)). ..I'm now on a big self care kick. Realized that I've never really made that priority #1. Fairly confident as I start out this new stretch that it's going to be a long one. No end goal in mind (forever seems like too much pressure). Just a realization that I can't drink in moderation and that alcohol takes way more from me that it gives. ..Much thanks again SD. Reading these stories makes me feel less alone on nights like this. Not drinking with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not super familiar with all the right things to say but one thing I do know is that self-care has been crucial for me and something I never really did while I was drinking. I feel so much better at taking care of me first instead of everyone else or not me at all. And you made it 6.5 months that's amazing! Coming from someone who is feeling extremely lonely on this Saturday night while everyone is out drinking I understand how you're feeling and I won't drink with you tonight! :)
I've erased five beginnings and all I can say is that I'm jealous.  Currently drinking again (literally) and offering support when I can on this sub while "psyching myself up for my next health kick/sober cleanse". .Started around sixteen and can only think of one time when I was clean for more than six months.  ..You made it far and you can do better next time. I'm a drunken a-hole saluting you for not drinking tonight. 
&gt; that the relapse happens before you actually drink..So true. The toughest stretches are those where I more or less subconsciously start thinking "just one". I also see that I need to watch out for the six month mark (five and tre quarters months to go...). I never really believed in those before I read stories like this. And I totally support the self care project. Taking care of oneself does not equal selfishness that s a realization I m still processing. Thank you for sharing!
As a noob I honestly didn't know this was a thing so (1) thanks! I learned something and (2) means you aren't a cliche to me. "Inspiration" would be nearer the mark...Don't know anyone who has ever regretted prioritizing self-care. I don't find it easy to do but worthwhile? No question. Someone (very possibly here on this sub? Idk) suggested looking at it like putting on your own oxygen mask on a plane before trying to assist anyone else and thinking of it that way sometimes helps me...Realizing you've spent the better part of a year sober. That's amazing to me! I will not drink with you tonight.
I think the mental pressure without any sort of release is tolerable up until that point. That was my story - I didn't relapse but I did go crazy &amp; ended up on lots of medication. Thankfully I found something that worked and I'm feeling much better now. 
I really need to work on self care. I have no idea what I even need but I know I need to take much better care of myself 
You are no cliche. You're awesome. I will not drink with you today.
When you mentioned that your mother visited for 5 days this rang a bell with me.   I relapsed just after being stuck in the house with the family for 5 days during the hurricane.   As an introvert who needs private space I was absolutely climbing the walls and told myself I needed/deserved a drink just to wash off the anxiety of being so close to other people.  ..So I know that's a trigger for me also... just being emotionally stretched for 5 days with no break.   I don't know how I could have avoided it but at least it's a thing I know now.
What is it about moms visiting? Being with my mom over the past few days has been actually really hard and challenging to my sobriety. Not only does she drink a decent amount around me but I'm not used to the nagging and I really miss alcohol helping me to tune it out. :'( Working on self care too. 
Hey I did too. I left it at that night and carried on sobering you can too. Alcohol is clich  the idea that it's actually fun is clich . 
Good morning; I just passed the six month mark and have had cravings this past week that have been surprisingly strong; I had sort of thought that part was over. .I want to thank you for sharing your story; hopefully others can heed your warning and not make the same mistakes. .It's inspiring that you're back on track after only 7 days. Your commitment to self care is beautiful. I'm really glad you're back here; let's do yoga and have a lacroix tonight&lt;3
I also hit 6 months and went back out. However I was out there for almost 3 years. I kept thinking I would quit again when I was ready. Almost a year ago I found this place asked for support and got it. It's made the biggest difference for me. I also started treatment for my depression and anxiety which has made my sober life much easier to navigate. I have to say after I survive something like my mother visiting for 7 days I always wanted that "reward" drink even if the reward was for not drinking. My brain can be an asshole sometimes :).I'm so glad you are back and trying again. If you ever need some support right in the moment come and visit us in the chat. The link is in the sidebar. People are there 24/7. I won't drink with you today. 
I had "thoughts" just a couple of days ago didn't turn into "cravings" but I found myself with euphoric recall.  Your post is a good reminder for me to stay vigilant esp when "thoughts" linger...
This is inspiring. I relapsed after just over 4 months and have had a big challenge quitting again. Lots of recent dissatisfaction around my work life (way more than ever) I think has triggered the mental escape BS aspect of drinking. Best of luck with your 'reboot'! I'm certainly ready for mine if my mind would just cooperate. 
Well it sounds like your head is in the right place and you understand your surroundings pretty well. I won't drink with you tonight either man.
I'm always feeling like I'm on the verge of a relapse was it worth it? 
I like your focus on self care..That will be a huge benefit for you and those of us who follow your positive example..I don't plan on relapsing but I know through your story and others that it isn't the end of recovery but just another part of it. It is another opportunity to learn about yourself. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing it really hit me close to home. I'm not sure about you but 38 snuck up on me. I had a 20 year high school reunion this summer - that was weird. I'm also trying to replace my old habits (drinking poor diet too inactive mental discipline...and many more!) and focus on taking better care of myself. I'm not sure if the urges go away I've never made it far beyond 6 months without slipping back with "just one drink". I do know that I don't regret a single one of the days I've spent sober. I can say the same about a good meal workout run or time to gather my thoughts. Keep up the good fight and know that you're not alone it. You've got this!
