-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7245gk/i_have_to_keep_my_pain_fresh_starting_to_forget/

I really needed a place to write down my thoughts. Once again I am back sober and feeling great. Waking up feeling good and having great days. But already I am forgetting the pain that alcohol will cause me. I find myself reading posts regarding alcohol with a bit to much enthusiasm. The romanticism I do is starting to hit in full force. Without going into to much detail I saw a video that brings back some great memories for me things I will never be able to do again because of age and life...It took me until starting this to realize that nothing that I saw looked nearly as amazing as I thought except... the drinking. It is all I can think about. I KNOW were it will most likely end up if it does not kill me this time... many times in ICU for serious withdrawal and just straight up long term alcoholic problems. ..I am so scared... I am terrified. The drunk part of my brain is telling me it is only a matter of time alcoholism is going to kill you and you know it.... why not just drink now. It is chronic and I will never be able to escape it so why not just give in my god it would be so easy and finally a day of true peace that part of me believes can only be achieved with alcohol. ..Honestly trying to wrap my head around why I think this in my own head seems so immpossible. I am a generally happy person. I have so much to be thankful for. Like anyone else I have normal problems but nothing catastropic right now except this demon in my head (for lack of a better word) that just cannot stop the obsession with alcohol. I have such good friends and a safe comfortable life and I have been down this road 6 or 7 times now. Relapse maybe one enjoyable night of drinking followed by nothing but pain.. whiskey from sun up to sun down and never honestly getting drunk again. Sickness.. throwing up pissing myself in my sleep not being able to even leave the house except for the liquor store. The looming hospital or detox stay that only seems to get worse if I even make it that far. Another rehab stint? ..Even playing it through some part of me says it might be worth it.. just give it a shot IT COULD BE DIFFERENT THIS TIME! You would think after 5 rehabs and countless detoxs and 3 trips to ICU I would not be able to even think that having a drink sounds like a good idea. ..I am over 5 months sober and honestly it is only getting harder day by day. This is the sickness that is addiction. Knowing nothing good could come from picking back up and still thinking something that you know will 100% kill you or at the very least make you unable to participate in life at all...Here is to another 24 hours and hopefully many more after this one. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there I've had those thoughts and I've allowed them to lead me back to drinking in previous attempts at sobriety. I too thought *it could be different this time*. It turns out I was right. It was different. Each time I went back to the bottle it was even worse...I feel like I need to tattoo reminders on my forearms about where alcohol has taken me in the past and why I don't want to go there again...We'll both stay strong right? Not drinking with you today.
5 months is HUGE! You are moving so well into a great future. Just get through this night. Tomorrow morning will be clear bright (no crushing hangover or burning shame from night before)-another clean clear slate. You are awesome. I will not drink with you today.
I never could have stayed sober one day without a support system. It was too hard and I had no clue how to build a sober happy life. Having a therapist rehab outpatient and involvement in AA gave me the tools needed to stay happily sober. ..It sounds like you could use some help. 
Wow stay strong!  I go to meetings to stay strong!
I also have the demon inside and it also tries to convince me that no matter how well I am doing now at some point I will drink again. As if my future has already been written. I have been working on finally being able to see that the future is wide open and entirely up to me. I just need to keep making one good decision every day - not to take that first drink.  And like you I have to often remind myself why that is the right decision. Fortunately I now have a lot of horrible memories to fall back on. 
What if we let the pain go &amp; focus on the beauty of sobriety?  I dug at my old wounds for too long beating myself up reminding myself what a lowlife I was when I was drinking. The shame was strong. Today I am focused on treating myself with kindness.  I am not my mistakes. I choose sobriety because it brings me peace &amp; happiness.  I wish you peace joy &amp; happiness today friend. Please take good care of yourself.  
