-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/725rz5/having_hard_days_urges/

over the last few days I've found Ive been struggling with urges more and more. I am 34 days sober today. Friday night was a bit stressful but not out of control or anything. Yesterday was harder... This morning was the first time I got a picture of myself sitting at the bar bellied up in my head. I've been fighting it all morning. ..normally when I say I have an urge I dont mean an actual argument with myself about drinking. What I mean is a sense of "wanting" and stress and a feeling of discomfort that goes along with it. It's something that sucks and I know I have to get through it but I also know it will pass and I just have to distract myself and wait it out. Up until now anyway that is what is has been. There hasn't been any real argument involved...Today I'm actually thinking about it. I don't want to drink. I do. not. want to drink. However I can't ignore this and pretend there is nothing going on. Something is happening. Am I trying to convince myself to drink? why? Is it just the weekend? Time off? Opportunity? or is it jsut 30 some days and my brain figures I've had enough of a break?? ..I'm looking at a list of things that are going on...Family is home. - That's cool they arent really stressing me out. I kinda like them but it IS alot of work.Day off - yea this is a trigger for me in the past but I dont feel bored really. But agian opportunity is sorta there....Drinking lots of coffee - yea Ive been drinking lots. Im caffeinated sure. maybe this is contributing.eating poorly - yea I have been. sweets have been my go to. I feel a little guilty about it but hey Im not drinking so.....I don't know. I'm not sure why its been getting worse but I cant ignore it. Any suggestions on how to nip this in the bud? I want this gone..I talked to my wife about it. She knows Im struggling right now. Im NOT going to drink. Even if it means being uncomfortable. Decision is MADE. ..So why is my brain doing this?..UGH!
----------immediate responses--------

I go to a meeting and immediately get support!
I'm in early days and haven't had urges yet but I'm sure they will come my way. I like to imagine these periods as waves on the sea or peaks and valleys. Through effort once can ascend to the heights and look forward to easier times until the next appears on the horizon. I also imagine that in time the magnitude of these challenges decreases as the distance between them increases until you are left with occasional ripples in the pond. But it's easily to expound on this from the comfort of the valley. I've yet to see how I will weather the steep parts. You can do this....
&gt; So why is my brain doing this?..This is... this is the question I'm trying to learn not to ask myself because it makes me overthink it and because I read somewhere once that no machine really understands its own operating system and while humans are not machines I think that definitely holds true for myself...Wondering "why?" doesn't help me not drink. Even if tomorrow science said "here's why!" (and science is certainly making progress on answering that question) it wouldn't remove my urge. I have to focus on how. How am I not going to drink today? And if I really can't answer that how am I going to find help not to drink today? (Here I like Prevenient_grace's plan of attack. Whatever my issues with AA it's safe space and is there to give me breathing room. Plus there are other meetings by other orgs though I have no experience with them personally.)..I'm glad you posted. I generally find that it helps just to write it out. I hope that has been true for you as well...Pulling for you. I will not drink with you today.
