-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/728si5/90_days/

Wow! I'm honestly kind of stunned I'm here at 90 days. I failed so so SO many times on the road to this point. Not every day has been easy so far but my life has become far easier overall. Here are some things I like about being sober. ..1. I've lost 35 lbs. ..2. I don't wake up feeling guilty and ashamed of myself. ..3. I can focus on something--anything--for more than 10 minutes. ..4. I haven't called in "sick" to work. ..5. I don't have to deal with the stresses of drinking. You know counting drinks hiding drinks acting sober worrying about having enough... Seriously drinking is stressful in and of itself!..6. I remember everything. ..7. I don't binge on junk food at 11pm. ..8. I have so much free time. ..9. I've discovered and re-discovered things to fill my free time with. ..10. I'm fucking proud of myself. ..Seriously... If you are just starting out IT GETS BETTER. It gets so. much. better. You owe it to yourself to experience life this way. If you fail try again. And again. And again and again and again. Do not quit quitting! Keep coming back here to this amazing community. Read some posts on here every single day. It's so helpful to know that other people are struggling that you're not broken or defective. Everything you're experiencing someone else has too. So a big thanks to everyone who posts on here it helped me!..Well I'm off to relax the rest of tonight away. I have a small stack of papers to grade but... Those are just gonna have to wait until tomorrow. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Enjoy your evening and thank you for highlighting the benefits of sticking with it. I won't drink with you tonight.
Great post! Thank you. I have been reading about the physical changes the body goes through when quitting alcohol and right now alcohol can no longer be detected in your hair!.I really want my hair to have the full benefit of my sobriety so i really want those 90 days! Congrats on all you've accomplished! I will not drink with you today.
Good job!! I'm sure you feel so much better! :D ..I personally do not drink. I started following this sub for the stories of everyone who has stopped/wants to stop drinking. ..My husband is an alcoholic and I just hope that someday his story will be as good as yours. It keeps me hopeful.
Congrats this is huge.   
I'm saving this post so when I hit my 90 days I can check odd everything on your list. I want that!!.I'm trying and trying. But I relapse on the 3rd day. I'm here trying again!
Inspiring!!!
Nice job! The 90 days is a good feeling.
Nice job! The 90 days is a good feeling.
Awesome post. All the points speak to me but especially #5. I hate getting ensnared in ritualistic neurotic bullshit  and drinking is the epitome of all that (next to pot smoking which I gave up a few years back). It boils down to  diminishing returns' for me; thankfully I'm relatively able to heed that warning sign.
congrats!.
I relate to everything you said. Well except 7 I guess lol I still do that. But you are completely right everyone deserves to feel  this way. Sobriety is such a blessing.
