-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72ktuy/its_been_one_week/

After nearly 10 years of drinking I hit what I hope is rock bottom. I publicly humiliated myself and could no longer hide my alcoholism. So last Monday I decided I was gonna have one last 6 pack and call it quits. ..I went through 2 days of detoxing and suffered real struggle last Friday night but I made it with out a drink and here I am today still without a drink and I feel good. This is the first time where I've seriously decided to get sober and stay that way. I confessed to my family and close friends and revealed all of my drinking secrets. I attended an aa meeting and regretted it. I sought out a friend who's been sober for many years and did it without the steps. He's taught me a few breathing tricks and shared his expierences with me. I feel like a switch has been flipped. I'm not craving a drink and haven't had a craving since last Friday. I still have those tiny thoughts in the back of my mind but so far so good.... ..Thanks for reading this :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats to you on identifying a change you want to make and getting started on it.  Do what works for you!  But try to be open minded. I've personally found the most success when I have leaned on several different sources of support.
Congratulations! I quit 10 days ago and feel great!  I also had some instances of public humiliation that led to stopping.  I still haven't gone to an AA meeting even though people have been pushing me to.. If you don't mind me asking why did you regret it?  I have a great support system within my friends and family and I'm active daily here so I'm not sure if AA is for me..
I certainly hope I'm not being out of place here but I'd like to share some wisdom from my personal experience in case it might be helpful..Early on it can feel like you flipped a switch but often that can be wishful thinking mixed with adrenaline from the change in routine. A more appropriate analogy might be draining the puss it feels great and is definitely a positive first step but the wound is still very much there. Eventually sobriety won't be a fun challenge just something you do. Keeping a journal and finding appreciation in healthy avenues such as exercise or cooking can be a big help. Mind over matter!.Anyway congratulations! I wish you strength and drive on your quest to find a better place.
Keep up the good work :) IWNDWYT.
