-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72m9o1/i_drank_last_night_it_was_dumb_not_worth_it/

Posting here for accountability as I just submitted a badge reset (for what feels like my millionth time). I stupidly drank last night. I don't really know why - I came home from work decided to have a glass of wine with dinner which very quickly turned into three glasses of wine one of which I poured into a fresh glass after putting my original glass in the dishwasher. I had recently passed the 30-day mark and figured "I got this handled." Nope I don't. I quickly found myself on the couch struggling to pay attention to whatever TV show we were watching and setting myself up for a fitful night of sleep and a cranky tiring day today...What I learned:..- I didn't enjoy it. I had three glasses of wine which was enough to get buzzed and disrupt my sleep. But it wasn't fun to be buzzed. I wasn't the life of the party telling awesome jokes. I was just in a kind of a daze - and I woke up at 5am after a fitful night's sleep and have been feeling tired and cranky all day...- I felt like I had it in the bag after 30-some days but clearly I don't. I can see myself slipping right back into old habits. I'm going to re-commit to checking-in every day and posting and sharing here a lot. It will help me have some accountability...- It's just not worth it. The three glasses of wine I had last night added no value to my life. In fact I feel like shit today. I was probably mildly hungover until around noon and have been self-medicating with junk food and caffeine. Last night was the worst night of sleep I'd had in 30+ days...Good reminder and I will re-commit and start over again. Thanks all for listening...I will not drink with you all today...EDITED TO ADD: Also now it appears I'm getting a cold. Awesome. Hope those three glasses of wine were worth it! /idiot
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome back!
Thanks I needed this reminder as I keep having the impulse to have "one glass of wine with dinner..."  I know I can't one will become two will become three... 
Thanks for your insight. I too forget that I actually don't like the feeling of alcohol when I think back on it it makes me distracted and disoriented and I think I drink more while drinking because I know that feeling isn't going to go away (so may as well go to sleep or say f it right drunk me... ugh).
Look how far you've come in 30 days! You are aware enough to see the lies clearly. Successful test. Unpleasant results. Sober on. Today can be your last day 1.
&gt; It's just not worth it...So simple and so true. The downsides are just not worth it and the booze is just not fun anymore. At least you stopped it now. Not drinking with you today. 
I went through the same thing 12 days ago.   No fun in the moment tired and cranky for at least a day after.   It's good to learn that alcohol is f'ing pointless.   It's good to learn how the drinking brain rewrites history.
Glad you are back. ..This post is helpful because it reminds me of how the last few times I drank a lot I didn't even enjoy it. At all. No value added. Why bother? ..I won't drink with you tonight. 
I have been there many a time thought moderation could work for me and nah it never did.  And I completely feel that sleep problem thing!  I didn't realize how much alcohol basically destroyed my sleep until the last two weeks of no booze.  Even though I hadn't been drinking every night it was like my body forgot how to sleep.  And on nights I drank I was lucky if I could stay asleep til 3am.  Sometimes I woke up at 1am and never got back to sleep. Totally blew the following day.  So thank you for this post I am saving it as a reminder of how even one glass will not be worth it for me!
You're getting good insight though! You'll get back on track but talk more nicer to yourself :-).I won't drink with you today!
Thanks for this. I'm nearing 30 and also am thinking "I got this."  Better to not make any assumptions about the future and focus on today.  IWNDWYT!
