-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72r6v0/30ish_days_and_its_not_a_constant_struggle_anymore/

Excluding one tiny slip it's 30 days of sobriety for me.   I'm just writing this down to remember how hard it was because I'm already starting to forget.   Sobriety is no longer an hour-to-hour obsession or struggle.   It was so hard the first 5 days a little less over the next 10 days and even less the next 20 days...I still deal with the "witching hour" of 4PM-8PM but now I see this just as the cobwebs of old habits.   That hour still brings the daily whisper of "you're doing so good let's celebrate with a drink".   To which I immediately answer "but it makes me feel sick and gross and sad.  That's a shitty celebration".   I accept that I have to do this minor chore every afternoon like taking out the garbage.   No big deal...I don't resent my slip-up 14 days ago because I learned to experience alcohol as a boring sickening waste of time that will definitely make me feel bad for 4 or 5 days.   I'm lucky it was a gentle lesson because it can always be worse.
----------immediate responses--------

Great attitude...For the past month I had to really change my routines to not make things harder on myself. No Netflix because Netflix &amp; Drunk was my routine. Going to bed at a different time. Reading instead of watching. ..The "time to reward yourself" *and* the "time to comfort yourself" moments are a pain in the butt at first as they're just cravings but become almost funny when you think about it. Joyful moment? "Alcohol!" my lizard brain goes. Sad moment? "How about alcohol?" my lizard brain goes again. It's just the default answer to anything. Pure lies...Sneakiest lie I feel creeping up every now and then is moderation. "I could *drink* once a month....or only on Fridays" -- while I **know** that doesn't work. Plus...**I** don't really want that anymore.
Outstanding!  
'Witching hour'! That's what I used to call it too. 
Oh the witching hour -- same here. 5pm is my trigger so before that hour rolls around I line up some favorite tasty non-alcoholic beverages (soft drinks LaCroix mixed with Tang!) and snacks so I have something ready to dive into. I also try to drink 1-2 big glasses of water first just kind of heads off that hangry feeling. Just 2 weeks in but so far this is helping a lot.  ..I also relate to that "starting to forget" and I feel this is where I get in the danger zone. Your post is a good reminder -- thank you!
You are doing great!  You are right the first few days are hard but it does get easier. 
Great post.  I was sober for 39 days then drank moderately at a business function.  Similar sentiment.  It's not nearly as hard to abstain anymore!  Love the term witiching hour right after work was my big time of temptation too.  I was regularly going to AA meetings at that time.  Now I'm not sure if I'm getting complacent but new habits are forming and the desire to drink is less on a regular week day....do I need regular AA attendance at that time?..I will not drink with you today.
I know - my mind does that as well.  I have to remind myself that "the reward for Not Drinking cannot be drinking"..Stay strong - even accidentally!
[removed]
