-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72rpb4/1000_days_sober/

I have been lurking this sub for exactly 1000 days never posted once. But I wanted to share my story today because I wouldn't be here without this sub...My last drink was on New Year's eve on 01/01/15. I had a few cocktails that night champagne as well despite being the designated driver. I wasn't *that* drunk when the party finally wrapped or so I told myself. Wrong. I was arrested for DUI on my way home with my 4 years old daughter sleeping in the backseat and my wife sleeping next to me on the passenger seat. I spent the night at the precinct and they waited for me in the car until I was released in the morning...After a 20 years long history of binge drinking making a fool of myself hurting myself pretty badly more than once I realized I could have hurt or even killed the 2 people who matter the most to me. And my wife also made it clear that if it were to happen ever again she would leave me. So I had to quit drinking...AA helped a lot over the first few weeks when I could'nt wrap my head around the fact that I was indeed an alcoholic.  However I stopped going after a while. Stopdrinking is what really prevents me from relapsing. After 1000 days I sometime have a delusion that I could probably afford a sip a glass of wine a beer maybe... Checking here several times a week is what keeps me grounded...Life is pretty good now. I'm still happily married my daughter doesn't remember what happened that night and I'm glad she never saw her daddy drunk. I'm thankful that I didn't have to lose everything before I hit rock bottom but I also know that it can all go away if I just have *that* one drink...Sorry for the wall of text and the broken english. I just wanted to thank you guys for being here having my back.  ..I will not drink with you today...EDIT : Thank you all for your messages! I'm not usually a very sensitive guys butt it's bringing tears to my eyes. The kindness in this sub is just incredibly heartwarming...
----------immediate responses--------

Woo Hoo!  And tomorrow a Beautiful 4-digit Palindrome!!
Congrats on 1000! Thanks for sharing.
Congratulations!!!
[removed]
Way to go! And congrats with 1000 days. Feels good right?!
So very happy for you and your family.
Dude that's awesome. Great job!
Many congratulations massive achievement.
Massive achievement  
That's awesome congratulations!!!
Thanks for sharing your story and your strength with us. Congratulations on your 1000  days of sobriety! Our family really deserve a peaceful environment where to live I also have a 4 years old boy that really need his daddy.  Wish you the best  you are  doing a great job.     
Congratulations that's wonderful! I'm so happy for you. I will not drink with you today     
Wow.  Congratulations on your 1K. I'm one year behind you. Keep up the great work  
1k! It's a beautiful number right there congratulations   
Inspiring! Thanks for posting. 
What a number! Congratulations. I won't drink with you today. 
Awesome work!
Thank you for this!! I won't be drinking with you today!
Congratulations! I hope to get there someday!
Good on you 
Thank you for sharing your success!
Congratulations and IWNDWYT
Congratulations friend what a wonderful story I will not drink with myself or you today!
Congratulations!  An awesome journey thank you for telling your story.
Well done. 
Awesome job. And inspiring to a noob like me. Thank you  
Congratulations 
Thank you so much for sharing and being part of this amazing community! :) Kudos to 1000! 
