-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72ug1h/can_rehab_be_used_as_an_escape_or_vacation/

I ask this because my niece has gone to rehab several times now and I've been a bit suspicious that she relapses **in part** because she really likes rehab. I can't entirely blame her: they get massages acupuncture do yoga and they do a lot of fun social activities. She's lost a couple jobs now because of being gone for weeks at a time to rehab. Don't get me wrong I have absolutely nothing against rehab and probably should have gone about 100x but my sister ends up paying for everything including an expensive apartment in Denver (total enabler btw) while my niece calls me from rehab and chatters merrily about getting better (for the 4th time). Is there any way that's appropriate to respond to this? I mean scolding her for going to rehab seems super wrong. Have any of you experienced this as either the rehab vacationer or their family? .I've always totally supported her attempts at sobriety so please don't think I'm at all negative towards her about this.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know that this is entirely relevant to the subreddit. 
Yes I know a woman who refers to going to rehab as "going on vacation."  I'm not sure if that helps answer your question other than than yes there seems to be some people who view it this way.  
I have witnessed this mentality. I guess the hope is that the good thinking of rehab will rub off on the addict regardless of the reason they're willing to go...At the end of the day luckily she is not your child -- she's your sister's. My new favorite saying is a Polish proverb: "Not my circus not my monkeys."
Well there is M nchhausen's Syndrome where people will continually seek treatment for illnesses that they are either making up by lying or purposely causing by ingesting different chemicals. It's common amongst old people who are lonely and are looking for someplace to go to talk and be with people. 
Reminds me of a great book called Rachel's Holiday by Marian Keyes ... although the title is ironic; I think it's what Rachel's family call her stay in rehab. It's very funny &amp; wise &amp; Keyes herself is an ex drinker. Not v helpful sorry but I agree with you /sfgirlmary - love that Polish saying I'm going to take it to heart. 
