-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72yt3t/im_having_a_hard_time_guys/

I relapsed yesterday. This is so fucking hard. Why can't I be honest when I get called out. I'm going to meetings therapy and the works. I've yet to find a sponsor. I'm going to try and find one today. I bought a breathalyzer this morning. I think if I have to prove that I haven't been drinking it might help. This is the hardest thing that I've ever done.
----------immediate responses--------

Hard indeed. Not impossible. What do you think happened to make you relapse?
Is there someone you can call when you feel like drinking? Close friends and/or family members you can confide in about this? I keep a list of people to call if I ever feel tempted to drink some of whom specifically told me I can call them 24 hours a day. My dad is one of these people. I also keep my sponsor's number in my wallet. I did make a couple 4AM phone calls my first week sober but I haven't had to use them for over a month. Just knowing that they're there helps immensely...I see below that you also bought alcohol earlier in the day. I've made a rule for myself not to go into stores that sell and display alcohol unless I have someone with me who knows my situation. I would also call someone immediately if the thought of buying alcohol entered my mind...There's also the IRC chat over there --------&gt;..Although tbh I've never used it...I really hope you can stay sober now. It sucks to fall down but the important thing is how you pick yourself back up and obviously you're taking this seriously if you went and bought a breathalyzer. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for your encouragement. I'm sitting here worrying about my wife and it's really got me down. I do have someone I can call I just never do it. I'm considering Antabuse.
Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing...I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
