-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/731psd/how_do_i_find_a_recovery_group/

Howdy fellow non-drinkers and attempting to non-drinkers. I've been here a few times on and off over the past year. Quit for a solid 8 months relapsed about 6 weeks ago and have been good since then. The relapse has greatly affected my relationship with my wife who'd once again lost trust I'd gained over my good stretch. Today she sent me this message:..."i am going to say this in email once and i do not want to talk about it in person until you have a update/response of substance with your action plan....i will not move forward and attempt to get our lives back on track until you enter into a recovery program. i except you to seek out a program/support group and find a sponsor and attend meetings at least once a week. you will have to find a group that feels comfortable to you and a sponsor with whom you have a connection....but mark my words until you do this i see no future for us as a married couple."...I think this is a fair request. I don't like the idea of AA because of the religious aspect. However I don't really know how to find anything else? I don't know how this works....Can anyone share their feelings on the different recovery groups you've used? I can go for long stretches but I always fall back into the same routine of drinking and lying. I don't want to do it anymore and probably don't trust myself to just stop off the bat. The program she describes may not be the one that's for me so I'll have to figure it out....I will not drink with any of you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello I'm not going to drink with you today...There is a FAQ in the sidebar with links under "Real life support groups" that might help you...SMART is something you should take a look at. There are non-religious AA meetings not sure about in your area but you can look. You can also sit in on an Open AA meeting to test the waters. 
I started by getting a therapist who helped me a great deal. I was desperate and willing to do anything to get well. I went to rehab outpatient treatment and got involved in AA. I am an atheist and still benefited from AA. It is not "religious" although some have a God who they believe helps them. That doesn't mean I have to agree because I don't. Being in a room with people who understand is comforting and gave me hope. There is a support group called SMART Recovery that many find helpful. ..I couldn't stay sober without lots of help because I had no clue how to build a sober happy life. Getting advice and guidance from wiser experienced people saved my life. ..I don't think we can have a full understanding how our drinking profoundly hurts those who love us. ..If you check the sidebar of /r/alcoholism you will find resources. If you scroll down you will also find an explanation about AA. ..It sounds like your wife is helping motivate you to reach out. That's a good thing. It's a positive sign that you feel her request is reasonable. I hope you find the support you need and deserve. ..[I checked with my insurance in order to find a therapist who specialized in addiction. She helped me build the support system that gave me the tools to build the sober happy life I have today.]
I also don't like the religious aspect of AA. If you're open to a Buddhist approach (which in my book is not really a religion) look up Refuge Recovery. I've been reading the book and it's not higher power / God based.
Does it have to be a "recovery" group necessarily? Some people do better just by making friends who don't drink. The constant talk of drinking in a AA group may be a trigger. Only you know what's best for you but there are no rules set in stone. Good luck.
I strongly recommend that you look into SMART Recovery which is my own program of choice. An issue there is that your wife apparently expects you to use a 12 step program like AA because she's talking about sponsors and those are unique to 12 step programs...You may need to do some education of her regarding this. Many people are so used to the language and structure of 12 step that they don't realize that different approaches don't necessarily share the language or structure...In any case the reason I like SMART is that it provides social support and practical common sense science based tools geared toward empowering me to abstain from my addictive behaviors. It does not require the belief in any higher power. I am an atheist and quite simply AA is not for me...Google "SMART Recovery" and you'll find the website. Google "SMART Recovery William White papers" and you'll find some more good stuff..
