-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/735ibz/day_two_of_sd_sub_late_night_thoughts_26m_military/

Holy smokes guys.....I have been able to relate with a friend/co-worker about my alcohol addiction as we are very similar with our addictive personalities. As well we probably got tanked for 200 of the 365 days of 2016 together.. well he told me of this sub a few months ago and has slowed wayyy down but I never even took the time to check it out...I am currently coming off of a bud light filth fest that started about 45 days ago anywhere from 5-15 beers a gosh dang NIGHT...going home on leave always tends to ramp up my drinking. This time however I really struggled getting a handle back on it once I returned so I just kept feeding it. ..I coach at a gym as well (free of charge) and doing that and trying to work out at the same time... yeah I've met Mr. Pukey a lot lately..   lol..The reason why I wanted to post even though I'm two days new to the sub (and sober) it's just awesome meeting you all "virtually" and getting to know that my struggles are normal and very similar to everyone else's. That alcohol is a BITCH and it's something that a lot of people struggle with and also that I feel comfortable letting out my dirty laundry to complete strangers. That's the vibe that you all have created together and I wanted to THANK YOU ALL for that!  All be visiting here everyday and will read and re read posts. I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. I'm not going to drink with you today either thanks. 
Welcome! I'm also new here but funding this sub has been amazing ... whenever I'm feeling the urge to give in (I'm only at Day 5 myself) I open the app and start reading posts here. Without fail it reminds me that I can do it. ..We've got a whole army of internet strangers out there who can relate and *they're rooting for each and every one of us* to do it!
This place has really helped me out over the years. Like you said it's nice to hear from other people facing similar challenges. ..Thank you for your service and we're happy to have you! ..
Thank you for your service. I know secondhand the drinking culture in the military... good friend from high school was in the Marines and struggled with alcohol abuse his whole short life. He committed suicide nearly 10 years ago aged 25.  Many of his friends (and mine) followed suit. ..Point I'm making is the environment you are in is ripe for stress and stress kills. Aaron was never much for talking about his feelings and shunned therapy. Please don't make that mistake!  Seek help and learn why you do what you do. ..Good luck on your journey!
Hi welcome!..We all come from different walks of life but it amazes me sometimes how we are all not that different! Every story I read here I form a connection and it's truly been a lifesaver. Thank you for posting. I will not drink with you today xx
You have def come to the right place! It means so much to me to have access to this sub. You will get out of it what you put into it!
Yep military too. It's tough man we live in an alcoholic enabling subculture. Working with the army now I see it more. ..I had a moment on a recent work trip that drove me sober- we show up to go shooting and driving and such and about half my team was still drunk from the night before. Laughing about it miserable puking before breakfast...Like wait what the hell are you guys doing? It's not that I can't hang- it's really that I don't want to anymore...Good decisions man be the outlier. You'll get funny looks but I've gotten used to saying "nah man I'm good" when I get offered a beer. It's not that hard. Haven't had a drink in a bit over a month now and I couldn't be happier with it. Just ride it out.
Welcome friend. Stay strong and focused on YOU. Your health and happiness matter. I won't be drinking with you today!
Glad you are here! Sit down and stay a while. 
Veteran here and I have to admit the Air Force was probably a lot of my issue. If you look in my post history you'll see a story about one time I was "counciled" about my alcohol abuse and was basically told to not even worry about it by a doc. ..My buddies and I drank moderately at our home station  and slightly more on TDYs but it really started to get bad after our first deployment. We drank to celebrate coming home then we drank to cure our boredom. When we finally got out of the service which was about two months ago that's when we noticed it was getting really bad. We were drinking to cure our sense of uselessness. We were deployed launching jets to support an important mission overseas 3 months ago and now we're what... project managers in IT? We felt useless bored and just wanted the old days back but in the mean time the best we could do was drink ourselves into oblivion to make the bad times fade away and now we were addicted. We were in denial. ..What really helped me was to have this honest talk with myself and once I figured out why I drank it made it easier to stop. Now I'm working on making my life more of what I want it to be instead of just trying to erase it.
