-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/736kck/i_need_help_but_i_think_i_might_die_before_then/

I'm 23 and I'm an alcoholic drug addict.  I started when I was 14 and it's only been getting worse. ..I drink between a pint and a fifth of vodka a day on top of 2mg of klonopin unless I'm doing cocaine in which double the alcohol. I've been trying to quit the coke first and unfortunately i relapsed yesterday since I had to teach a physics class and was too drunk so I felt the need to pull myself together..I just woke up in another location that I wasnt my bed which was in the quad at the university. It's a miracle I'm never robbed or in prison considering I'm constantly waking up in places I don't recognize ..When I do wake up it's one of two things: I'm either still drunk so I keep drinking or I'm hungover and shaking like a leaf and my blood pressure is through the roof so I eat a bunch of klonopin and take aspirin. Right now I'm somewhere in between which is the most sober anyone will see me which is why I'm deciding to make this post since I don't have to drink or use to feel "normal"..Two weekends ago was one of the scariest times I've had in awhile and I used $200 worth of coke in 3 days which is why I decided to swear off the shit. I was woke up in a yard by the police with no memory of the previous three days. I was apparently suicidal considering I had cuts all over my arms and legs (I guess I suck at killing my self when I'm drunk too). I always carry a razor blade in my wallet for the cocaine and I decided "hey fuck it I'm gonna just kill myself in some stranger's front yard with no note to anyone or anything." I thought about maybe going to the mental hospital but when I told my dad I was on the way he told me not to go because I'm being dramatic.  Maybe he didn't want me to go cuz I'm the son of a major business owner and that might not look well for the family or just that he thinks I'm not that bad considering I went to rehab when I was 18 and now I'm a graduate student making good grades. It pisses me off when he tells me he's proud of me cuz I feel worthless.  Anyway....My wife tells me she's scared. I have severe mood swings and I've never hurt her before but I think she knows I'm losing control of my mind...I've been reading this subreddit for weeks now wondering if anyone would listen whether I care enough about myself to even quit drinking whether this is the appropriate subreddit for this issue considering there's drugs in the mix too (which I think so my whole life centers around king alcohol)..I wanna quit drinking until I actually do (it lasts at the most 3 days) and I either get bored or anxious or my wife and I fight so I drink. I've tried AA but I can't take it serious enough to stay. ..I think I'm gonna actually die either suicide drug overdose drunk driving accident picking another bar fight or organ failure and i don't know if I even care. My urine has high protein content and I know that's not a good sign. ..I got kicked out of a bar today for crying while eating a salad and passing out. Just throwing that out there. ..I'm going to delete this post in 48 hours if I'm not too drunk and forget because this is fucking embarrassing. ..I'm writing this more so for myself to see what I'm actually thinking but if anyone has any advice I'd greatly appreciate it. To everyone else who does avoid alcohol even for a day you're a braver man/woman than I. ..TL;DR I'm a 23 yo grad student with a severe drinking and drug problem. Please help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh and of course the ad in the middle of the page of this subreddit is for a beer club. Fuck you google and your targeted ads
if there's any way you can I would suggest you take a leave of absence from school and get checked in to a rehab facility. Good luck and try to be strong friend. I wont drink with you today. 
A leave of absence would be a good idea. Somewhere medically safe is a great option you won't die there and they'll help you be less miserable from withdrawals. And when you're done you can get other meds to help you stay sober. If it's the right thing for you do it I don't think it sounds dramatic at all I think it sounds scary and overwhelming. You don't have to be alone. 
I agree with taking a leave of absence and getting yourself checked into rehab ASAP. Don't worry what your Dad thinks! Your life is worth saving infinitely more than your Dad's ego or pride is worth protecting. 
i think you know what you want to do and your father knocked you off track.  there is no shame getting help for yourself.  it takes a lot of strength and courage to be truly seen by other people.  all the best in the world to you please let us know how things go for you &lt;3
Fuck your dad.  Do what you need to do to save your life.  Go to a detox that can handle multiple addictions then go to a rehab.  .Coke is fucking satan.  Klonopins and alcohol will kill you..Sobriety is sooo much better once it sets in.  So much better..
Thanks for all the love and support. I'll try not to drink today. My wife is pissed at me for good reason i came home 26 hours late and she said she was driving around frantically trying to find me calling hospitals the jail. I didn't have a phone because I couldn't find a charger til I sobered up. I hate doing this to her and I'm tired of lying. Normally when she's like this i get really lonely so I just drink til I pass out and wait til it blows over but your support makes me not feel so alone. I'll let you guys know what happens. 
Welcome  .  I'm just reading the book "This Naked Mind". It gives a good insight into the effects of alcohol and why it is so difficult to get rid of it. The scientific facts about the interdependencies help me alot to distance myself emotionally from alcohol. You can find the link for the free version in the sidebar (if you're interested). I will not drink with you today  
I've been lurking for a couple months. I literally created an account to reply to you. I'm also 23 and also started drinking at 14 and it progressively got worse as I got older and especially when I was introduced to cocaine at 16. Coke and alcohol was my ultimate high couldn't do one without the other. Today is my 4th month sober. I was begening to experince withdrawl symtoms. My blood pressure is high as well. I was feeling out of breath and minor discomfort on the left side of my chest. I'm too worried to go to the doctor but at least I'm not drinking or using cocaine. There is hope friend. The longest I had gone sober since I was 14 was a month. I now have 4 months under my belt. Take it a day at time. There is hope. I will fight with you and will not drink today.
