-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/737t46/i_dont_believe_myself_when_i_say_i_wont_drink/

I'm struggling every day to get past day 1. I know in the morning when I tell myself that I won't drink today it's not true.  I might only have a couple of drinks but I always give in...How do I make a commitment to not drink and actually mean it??..Trying again to not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

it sounds like you don't have confidence in your word.  try smaller steps.  set some goals that you know you can achieve.  like i won't check my phone for 10 minutes.  i'll go walk for 10 minutes.  i'll clean the dishes as soon as i get home.  i'll answer the next business email immediately.  build up your confidence.  and then don't "try" just "do".
I don't have any advice but I just want to say I know how that goes. For me a commitment is a very personal thing and nothing anyone did or told me helped me keep my commitments until I was ready to keep them...I will not drink with you today!
For me it was SUPER IMPORTANT to stay busy with non drinking things the first month. It's STILL important. I participated in activities that had no alcohol around went to AA meetings (even if it's not for you it's free and it's an hour where you can't drink). They also give you their phone numbers which I learned that I need to take advantage of.
&gt; How do I make a commitment to not drink and actually mean it??..For me... I value integrity in others. That means I have to practice it myself too. That means keeping my word. It's easier for me to keep my word if I've said it "out loud" or here to someone else because I have a hard time trusting myself or believing that I owe honesty to myself (working on this! few little self-esteem issues still bleah)...But it does help that I really do not want to drink today. Would reviewing your desire to quit maybe help? There are all kinds of reasons people stop; what are some of yours?
Fake it til you make it. You will believe it eventually. 
That was my morning ritual.  Every morning it was today is the day.  I won't drink today.  What helped me was checking in on SD a lot and I mean a lot and reading This Naked Mind.  It made all the difference...You can do this! I still remember white knuckling it through that first evening when I'd normally be opening up a bottle of wine.  After that first victor it got much easier.
I would make a promise to myself like "next time I want a drink I'll go for a walk instead" or "next time I crave a drink I'll have ice cream".  I ate a lot of ice cream in those first few days but it worked well for me in the long run. 
You are not the only one. ..I've avoided even commenting in the daily check-in thread because there's this nagging voice in my head that sarcastically says "Oh really? You *won't* drink today will you? Huh. Interesting"..Here's how I made it past day 1 (and 2 and 3...): Break it down hour by hour. Don't focus on this afternoon tonight tomorrow ... just right now. Focus on not drinking *right now*. When I find myself thinking "well I *could* have a drink...." I immediately find something else to do to keep me busy because in those early days when it's just me vs. the temptations in my head I know I will give in. So I have to remove myself from that situation. ..Basically I don't make promises to myself that I can't / won't keep (like "I will never drink again" or even "I won't drink tomorrow") so I don't undermine my credibility with myself (if that's even a thing?). But I give myself the pep talk &amp; false hope of "It's just for right now - surely you can go an hour without a drink right? I'm not saying no to a drink later just no to a drink now". Rinse. Repeat. 
Thanks for the support and ideas everyone.  The evening is the toughest time for me but I spent it guzzling La Croix and eating junk food--not the healthiest but I am about to go to bed with one day under my belt and feeling good about it!  
I'm reading This Naked Mind and it's helping me demonize alcohol ingraining the many negative aspects into my mind. If you care about your health it's powerful to reinforce how detrimental alcohol is to your body and mind. I (accidentally) used the same technique with sugar researching it every day learning about how detrimental it is to us. Now 5 years have passed and my sugar intake has remained very low. Of course with alcohol you have even more reasons to avoid it. If junk food helps you not drink then by all means eat away.
