-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73f10o/last_night_something_amazing_happened/

I've been battling alcohol since 2005. It's not something i battle on a daily basis anymore but every now and then shit just gets ahold of me and i go on a rampage. I always feel like I've got a reason when i do it. And i always make a complete ass of myself do my best to destroy my relationship break shit. ..I've had a rough few weeks and last night that demon came knocking. I went down to the liquor store ready to get fucked up. I stood there in the isles staring at the booze and managed to calm down. managed to think about what i was doing. I snapped out of it bought a pack of smokes and went home. ..Last night my girlfriend came home and found me smiling. I made dinner for her. We watched rick and morty ate pitas and made love. I got to look in her eyes and see her be proud of me. I got to watch her fall asleep in my arms. ..I haven't been able to say no to that monster since i can remember. ..This morning I woke up refreshed. I didn't have to sort through the wreckage to find my life again. ..It felt so good. Sooooo good. Had to tell somebody. ..To anyone who's wrestling that monster today: You can say no. You are in charge. Calm down and think. Don't hide in a bottle. Rise up and meet that shit that's bugging you. You can do it. ..EDIT: If you are struggling today you aren't wrong to feel the way you feel. Not sure about you but guilt is what sets me off. You aren't wrong to feel your feelings. You're DEAD wrong to try and drown it in alcohol. Be brave dude. We're all here for you. 
----------immediate responses--------

thanks for sharing.
Awesome!!
Your amazing and your girl is a lucky woman. Thanks for sharing  
Beautiful. Wow thank you for sharing.
Thanks again for sharing.  I've been so inspired by everyone as I fight my own battles.  I keep justifying after a couple days that just one would be fine.  It never is. Reminders of why sobriety is actually more fun than drinking will hopefully find me just before buying the next one. 
Love this. I get hard on myself when that old feeling to be ready to get fucked up. But it's true ... it comes and goes ... I enjoy waving it goodbye. Thanks for making me feel more normal..
From your badge count you have over 3 years in (1125 days).  Do you know what actually tipped you over the edge to go to the liquor store so that doesn't happen again?
Great post thanks! Love those stories where people don't go through with it at the last minute. Shows we can pop out of the trance at any time -- yay! No need to follow through on the plan. It has happened to me too before.
Awesome post... I really needed this. Thank you. And congrats.
I'm starting to hit that point where every time I beat the craving I get a little rush...Like in a tight basketball game not quite in the dying seconds but say 2 minutes to go and you're 5 points down. You've been shooting poorly all night but you're open again from the 3 point line and this time you drain it bringing it back to a one possession game...You haven't won yet but you're pumped because you're in a better place than before.
One of the hardest things to do is to stop yourself from drinking after you already decided you would. You give in mentally and then quickly built yourself up. That's an amazing feat! I am impressed and empowered. ..Thank you for sharing this. 
TRUTH!!! :)
Thank you needed this today!
Yesss! The moment when you're right on the edge and manage to step back from it is a muscle that gets stronger every time you flex it is what I'm learning. I'm trying to repair my relationship with my boyfriend after 4 years of drunken self-sabotage and stories like this give me so much hope. Thanks for sharing!
Honestly this was one of the most inspirational things I've heard before... 
Wow. I wrestle with that exact same monster. Sober for a bit then I just destroy myself. Thank you for sharing. 
Taking control. Well done. Do it everyday. 
Thank you for posting this! Today isn't a struggle for me but that doesn't mean tomorrow won't be. Stay strong friends :) 
Sober sex is so much better!  Sober on!..I will not drink with you today!
Congrats!! That is a MUCH bigger deal than you are taking credit for!!..Not drinking with you today either!!
I'm so proud of you! That first real internal struggle that you overcome is such an achievement! Bravo brother
You made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up comrade.   .Great story great effort.  .Definitely 10/10.   .Keep being awesome. 
Thank you for sharing.
Like you I go on rampages where I feel justified in my reason to drink. I can't stop it. It takes hold of me and I just can't stop it. I needed an interruption and change in my thinking process to change the way I react to things. I go to AA and thst helps .
Congrats on beating back the monster!
You know I was out at a restaurant tonight and seeing all the wine glasses on tables I was feeling a little bit deprived.  And then I thought of your post which I read earlier today and felt stronger.  Thank you.
This gave me goosebumps.  You go on man.  .
being brave. thanks for sharing and congrats 
Your building those sober muscles!  In my experience every "no" makes the next easier.  Keep up the great work.  Totally worth it.
Wow thanks for sharing.  The video was a great message for me.  Someone the other day posted something about forgetting during the day if there wasn't tremendous music sweeping up in the moment (like in the movies) that moments can seem mundane or boring.  But it's the daily small things repeated over and over that build up to a crescendo.  
