-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73l53k/women_winedrinkers/

Since being on this sub I've been surprised to find so many women who share the same struggle as me. It's not that I thought only men were alcoholics I just pictured wine as so much more harmless than liquor or tons of beer. I think the majority of alcoholics I happened to know of in life had been hard drinking guys. I think I excused a lot of my drinking as somehow more sophisticated. SO sophisticated to drink a bottle or two by yourself huh? It's been helpful to read similar gals stories.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree. That glass of wine at the end of the day feels so grown up  just what the adverts want us to believe. Being hungover wasting a day and full of anxiety is not so glamorous and they don't show that on the adverts. So i won't be drinking with you today 
Right there with you. 'Sophisticated' gets sloppy and ugly pretty quickly. It feels good to be free.
When I was pretty much at my lowest point and struggling with my excessive wine drinking in secret I was given a given a care package designed to cheer me up by a dear well-meaning friend. One of the things it contained was a coaster:  WINE! How classy people get shitfaced'.  A whole industry's sprung up marketing this kind of crap to women my sort of age (early 40's)   when I was younger I misguidedly thought  keeping up with the boys' was some kind of feminist statement now it's all  wine o'clock' and  there could be wine in this' mugs. Well forgive my sense of humour bypass on that one! Needless to say that coaster's consigned to the cupboard now and my lovely friend who gave it to me and I regularly go for coffee instead :)
Female 40s wine drinker here (former). Done with it. ..I've decided that it's going to be far more chic and sophisticated in the future to order a fancy signature mocktail. We are the leading edge ladies. Sobriety is our super-power. ..Onward! 
I feel ya! There are a lot of us out there. 
Wine also seems to be the WORST for turning me into the weepy-angry-emotional-psycho-mess type of drunk. I'm pretty sure I've heard lots of ladies report that being the case over other types of drink...But still the stuff's marketed heavily to us and we continue to consume it by the bucketload... at least here in the UK it's very much seen as a girls' drink...No wine for me today :)
I fell for it. Went three weeks without a drop and last night had one glass with dinner. I'm thankful I only had one but realized it really wasn't worth it!  It just seems classy to have a glass at a nice restaurant. The food was delicious. I should have skipped the glass and ordered dessert!  Oh well restating my badge over 6 oz  
Yes this was me... I loved wine so much but it didn't love me back...all it did was embarrass me and made me ill Every time!!
Fellow wino here! Wine definitely can have that sophisticated aura but for me it did not add any sophistication to *my* aura. It just turned me into a sloppy old drunk...I won't drink with you today!
I'm going through all the comments and saying "Yup" "Me too" "totally agree" to all of them. I worked at a vineyard in my twenties and have spent thousands on wine since. It never made me classy. It just made me pudgy less productive poorer and unhealthy. Oh I also embarrassed myself...a lot. 
I think part of it comes from the "recommendation" that a glass of wine with dinner is good for you. I mean...yeah ok maybe if you can stick to your one-a-day. .The other thing I noticed with myself was that I stopped drinking beer and started on the wine because I didn't want a beer gut. Who are we kidding? Alcohol is alcohol and it's fattening! .But yeah. Also the other day I was in a group of newish acquaintances. I didn't drink while they did. Let me tell you It's the most sophisticated I've felt in a while by mindfully listening to them and not just running my mouth about everything and anything obnoxiously. 
Just chiming in to the chorus here. Wine every night after work then pretty much all night long on weekends. It took away my energy time and health. I was isolating myself and feeling anxious and sick most of the time. I hate all the stupid wine jokes too.  
Totally. The marketing of this stuff is solid. 
The whole wine o'clock culture has made it easy to think that wine is harmless. I definitely fell into that trap too. I'm so glad you're here with us and I won't drink with you today. 
Late 30's (former) wine drinker here. I've done the vineyard tours in France and I know my Malbecs from my Sancerres. I even had my favorite importer. It's all hopped up vinegar anyway. ..I too thought I couldn't have a problem because all women my age drink a bottle of wine a night right? Mommy NEEDS her wine. Then I heard a sober podcast that interviewed a woman who was basically me. She hadn't hit rock bottom she was just fed up with drinking and she quit. That gave me the courage to take a hard look at myself and I'm so grateful to her for telling her story...I won't drink with you today! 
Sixty years old. The whole myth of sophistication really sucked me in.  I remember one person saying "i always imagine you with a martini in one hand and a cigarette in the other."..Truth is I'm a classic lush. 
40's female hear. Former red wine drinker. I have a grand daughter who is 6.  She asked me what I was drinking one night. I told her it was G-ma's juice. So sad to think of that moment...I talked with my doctor about the wine culture and that it appears to be ok to drink wine all the time.  She explained to me that women in their 40s are the ones having more issues with alcohol abuse. ..No more Gma juice for me!  
I relate so much to this post and to all of the comments.  I am so proud to be here with all of you! Your voices are truly paving the way to a new awareness. 
It's also kind of shocking to see how my tolerance level grew. I'm pretty thin and could shut down the bar and outdrink my ex who outweighed me by 100 lbs!
24 and same. Wine is my poison. I always thought it was normal. All my girlfriends drink wine so I tried it. It was just the thing to do. Unfortunately I can't handle it. TBH though I don't think many of them can either. I mean have you guys seen all the FB advertisements on stuff like the Wine Bangle and stuff like that? That is not normal. 
Every comment in this thread is me to a damned T. Wine is pretty much a guaranteed binge for me. I start with one glass and the next thing you know I've had 12 and shit is getting REAL. Real humilation real passing out in public real night in the drunk tank real waking up with strangers. Yeah real fucking classy. Ladies I will not drink with you today.
Wine seems to get a pass with a lot of people because some study somewhere suggested maybe a link between a glass of wine a night and decreased risk of heart disease. I've also heard a glass of beer hydrates you better than pure water after a workout. A lot of people take this info and go get hammered thinking it's not bad for them.  Maybe one a night can be beneficial but I know I can't stop at one beer and neither can most people.
I think it's epidemic. I'm one and I know a ton of them IRL. It makes it easier to lie to yourself. I'm not drinking vodka out of a plastic bottle I'm having a relaxing glass or two (or ten) of wine.
That was me. Always justifying it. I'm a mom it's wine...that's what we do. Wine is classy sophisticated. I love wine and all of the romanticizing  that goes along with it and I HATE that I can't drink just a glass or two and be happy with it. But I can't. Thats my truth. When I start to romanticize about my wine I always try to play the tape forward. I will not drink with you today
Yep the marketing is pervasive and insidious especially in wine that is targeted to women because someone realized that half the population was an untapped market.  The messages are everywhere:  they are in the labels -- pretty pastel colors with names including "cake" or "butter" and pretty or cutesy pictures of cakes or flowers or butterflies -- those things seem so innocent!  That cute little cupcake couldn't give you a raging hangover could it?  And the ads  implying you can't have dinner/a book group meeting/a bonding event with your girlfriends without all the wine. All those women in the ads with shiny pretty hair and makeup (you don't see them hunched over the toilet at 3am).  Yep I fell for it.  Don't want to go back.  I will not drink with you all today!
Yep. 25. f. 112lbs. I was a 2 bottle a night drinker. I couldn't have a problem because I wasn't hiding pints of liquor around the house... RIGHT?
I'm a guy but my old boss (who is now one of my best friends) is a woman who struggles with alcohol and she mainly drinks wine.  At her worst it was 2-3 bottles per night to cope with the stress of our awful job.  She sobered up when she got pregnant but relapsed after a year or so.  She was the one who initially inspired me to get sober and helped hold me accountable.
I am SO happy that this is being talked about. We have been lied to for so long and led to believe that drinking a bottle of wine in a night (or more) is ok and 'normal'...I had a post come up on my Facebook memories yesterday that I had posted last year. It was a cartoon saying "The most expensive part of being a Mum is all the wine I have to drink." I read it and just wanted to shout to my former self "No! The truth is you DON'T have to drink and parenting will actually be EASIER without it not harder!"..Like you've all said there's such a huge wine culture and we all joke about 'wine o' clock' etc but it's just covering up a massive problem. The more we speak out and tell people "I decided to stop drinking and I've never felt better!" the more we can spread the truth that it's not just ok to not drink it's what our bodies need...Viva la Not Drinking revolution!
Alcoholism has been rising among women: http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/08/10/542409957/drinking-on-the-rise-in-u-s-especially-for-women-minorities-older-adults
Female 40s wine drinker here (former). The wine industry manipulates our culture into thinking it's classy and sophisticated when in reality it's simply poison packaged in a fancy bottle just like all alcohol.  I fell for it too.  No more.  I love this thread it's refreshing to know that many women are catching on to the "con" of the wine industry.  I'm glad to be here with you ladies!
31 yo female former wine drinker here. If FOOD at a restaurant had me waking up crying with shame and feeling like death-warmed-up at 3am I'd be calling to complain and get them shut down! And yet I've poured DRINK down my own throat in my own home that's done just that my entire adult life. Silly me (and eff you wine!)
Thanks for posting this iwonttoday. I haven't enjoyed a thread this much in some time! I spent the last three years of my drinking on the craft brew train but had a serious wine phase for at least seven years before that...We ate a lot of risottos in those years. Carbs on carbs on carbs....
Yes wine drinker here. After years my tolerance was shocking. It was in no way classy any more but society and social media makes it easier to justify. All the "ladies who lunch" with their glasses of wine and champagne. Its not too classy however when you are the one who has to keep the party going at home after that lunch and are passed out on the sofa drunk in the afternoon when the kids get home from school. "Mommy is just taking a nap". Nothing cool or classy about that believe me. 
Wine drinker here as well...had to have a glass (and then the bottle) just to deal with the stress of work at the end of the day.  It wasn't until I stopped that I realized all of the health issues loss of productivity depression that wine was causing.  It seems so relaxing to start...but causes so many problems.  Still working to stay on track.  I feel so much better but that end of the day feeling of needing stress relief still nags.  I've added yoga to my routine which seems to help as a replacement.  Glad to have the support of the community here. 
Same here. I thought it was just wine. Not anything hard. Just a little wine that everyone likes. Totally harmless. ..Then it turned out to be not so harmless and it was hard to confront the idea that I could be an alcoholic from just wine. 
Love this thread! It's so comforting to know I'm not alone. 
Female 37 wino here. I drank at least a bottle a night. I always used to say "It's the perfect amount!" Yes the perfect amount to numb myself pass out on the couch and wake up at 2 in the morning contacts stuck to my eyeballs head pounding mouth dry. Over the past week I have seen my face and body get slimmer like magic. I feel a deep sense of pride each time I choose not to drink. The night I gave up drinking I cried and said it was like saying goodbye to my best friend. What a con it all was.
40 y-o Mom here.  I was all about the wine.  After my first pregnancy (I stopped when I was pregnant) I lost the taste for wine.  My taste buds went weirdo (or maybe my body was trying to tell me something) and wine tasted terrible.  Did I quit drinking?  Nope.  Switched to beer.  IPA.  Man that was dumb.  ..I've been doing pretty well since starting this journey in the summer.  The thing that has made it easier (though I've had slips for sure) is that PARENTING IS SO MUCH EASIER AND BETTER WHEN YOU'RE SOBER.  ..Sober on mamas!  Thanks for this awesome thread.  
I used to had a t-shirt...tomorrow is just another chardonnay.  I thought it was funny...now I see how sad it was. I was took a hike w/my friend yesterday.  We were talking about my path to sobriety...I had so many reasons - but bottom line I didn't want to be the drunkest mom at the party...not a cute look. 
Craft Beer is a male equivalent...It's so much more sophisticated and expensive than a six pack of PBR...Wine o'Clock is like Craft Beer Makes My Drinking Problem Seem Like A Neat Hobby  ..Funny only if it's not true...I will not drink with you today.
I am like you ladies and my mom modeled this behavior for me. She says that since I got married wine has become her best friend. (Right?! I'll just be here unpacking all the dysfunction from that statement along with you!) ..Anyway I recently saw a home video of her when she was my age. She's 70 now. 35 years ago she was beautiful funny self-assured and having all sorts of intelligent conversations. She is not that way anymore and Chardonnay is largely to blame. She is still beautiful in many ways but the woman she was (and could have been) is gone. What remains is a woman who is terrified of anything that challenges her avoids anything that occurs after 2:30pm and can barely string together a logical sentence before--or after--wine o'clock. It's an ugly business and I don't want that to happen to me. So I won't let it. 
Never knew about the 40 something female wine problem until SD. Good move ladies. I won't drink with you today. 
These comments really spoke to me. I'm 51 but noticed a creep up in drinking in my 40's. Wine is everywhere and it's shocking. I went to Safeway and had to maneuver my cart around displays and displays of wine. The mommy drinking is a sick joke. I'm also wondering if pre-menopause makes us already susceptible to the lures of wine with our changing hormones?  Starting a sober October to see if I can gain some traction. I will not drink today. Everyone should read the Kristi Coulter article on women and drinking. It's genius. 
Loving this thread. Is there a SD sub for women?
