-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73ni3h/struggle_to_sleep_tired_all_the_time_though/

after a 10+ year bad love affair with jack and ipas i'm finally looking at myself saying...this doesn't work for me anymore.  It's not the actual craving of booze that's the problem...it's the tiredness/fatigue and then when it is time to sleep...I can't get more than a few hours at night... I tapered off from keeping a 6 pack in the fridge...a pint of jack a few nights a week...to every other night...every few nights...and finally the last few weeks there were a couple nights I had 2-4... I quit completely this week.... but all the way down the stopping stairs i'm finding getting good quality sleep and feeling rested/lack of energy is really the hardest part.  I'm hammering down water when i'm awake trying to flush it joined a gym and getting a few workouts in... but the sleep thing is really taking a toll on me and my relationships... I wonder how long this is going to last and would appreciate if anyone else has been through this sleepless/fatigue combo and what worked for them?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm going through it now 6 days sober. My sleep has never been more mixed with some nights of perfect sleep where I wake up feeling amazing. The other 3-4 nights I got under 6 hours and feel restless and wake up groggy. Also noteworthy is I had a dream which is very rare these days...I think our bodies are adjusting/detoxing. Sleep should become more consistent soon.
I'd say the first 3 - 4 weeks were the toughest as far as sleep / fatigue go.  ..There were two components for me.  The first is of course the physical.  I wasn't a pint-per-night person.  Probably about 6-9 oz of whiskey 4-5 nights per week plus a very hard hitting weekend night a couple times per month...So I was shocked that my body was so fatigued when I quit...After the first week or so the physical component of it faded and I was probably at 80% recovered physically with the rest fading by the end of the first month...The second part of it was mental.  I had a really hard time "turning off" my brain to sleep at night.  I downloaded the "headspace" app and used it a few times which helped me learn to meditate.  Then I did the sleep exercise on that app and that was a huge help...At some point along the way I lost my path with the meditation and the "noise" between my ears started up again.  ..Eventually I found this in the Alcoholics Anonymous text (p. 86)..&gt;When we retire at night we constructively review our day. Were we resentful selfish dishonest or afraid? Do we owe an apology? Have we kept something to ourselves which should be discussed with another person at once? Were we kind and loving toward all? What could we have done better? Were we thinking of ourselves most of the time? Or were we thinking of what we could do for others of what we could pack into the stream of life? But we must be careful not to drift into worry remorse or morbid reflection for that would diminish our usefulness to others. After making our review we ask God's forgiveness and inquire what corrective measures should be taken...This is pretty similar to the first half of the Headspace sleeping exercise.  In the Headspace exercise you review your day without the part about identifying where you were resentful etc.  you just walk your mind through your day and then you start to "put to sleep" your body one bit at a time from your toes up to your head...I had kind of a "woah" moment.  The AA thing is not only a "spiritual" thing but it (I believe) has the functional purpose of helping one sleep.  So I started doing that.  Usually I'm asleep by the time I'm done.  If not I merge it with the Headspace exercise and start putting my toes to sleep working up until I fall asleep...I can't really give specifics on timeline because so much of it blends together but I'm at 10 months and sleeping better than at **literally any time in my life.**
Should equilibrate soon!
The sleep thing kicks my ass every single time.  The only trick that ever really helped me with it was playing video games.  If you have to be an insomniac you might as well be a thoroughly distracted level 99 one.  But this is just my own experience and I'm not sure it's actually good advice...Good luck my friend.
I listen to guided sleep meditation that helps. When drinking I was really just passing out at night. Think I have a huge sleep debt. 
Do you snore? Maybe you have sleep apnea?..The if you're waking up a lot during the night this could very likely be the cause.
