-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73qixn/turned_23_trying_again/

I've tried quitting multiple times. Quit for about half a year when I turned 20 quit and relapsed with small spaces in between since then. ..Today it has to stop. It has been draining my life and money out of both me and the people around me. ..I've got to do this. But what I've noticed is that I'm always scared around the three day mark. And decide to ease the pain with a beer which continues in consuming 6-10 beers every night for months on end...My question would be how big is the possibility I'll get a seizure if I quit cold turkey? That's what has been holding me back always being afraid something bad will happen if I don't get that one pint after those three days...I've tried going to AA meetings but I'm always the youngest and don't feel comfoetable around these people at all. (The rest are all ranged in between 40-60 years old.).
----------immediate responses--------

Can you have a word with your doctor and be honest about the amount you are drinking and your intention to stop?..That's what I did and was prescribed Librium on an outpatient basis to make withdrawal safer and easier.....The first few days to a week or so can be rough but it's well worth it... don't make it harder than it needs to be though!..This sub is no substitute for proper medical advice from a real doctor nor should it be.....In general seizures DT's etc happen in a relatively small percentage of the most serious cases and many heavy drinkers use the fear of that as an excuse not to stop.....Go speak to a doctor!..Then come back and avail yourself of all the wonderful support on this sub... Welcome Aboard!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Won't touch the question as such but Woody's right: See your doctor. If you're in the U.S. and don't have one (a sitch I've spent way too much of my life in) even a quick consult with an NP at an urgent care clinic would be better than risking your health...&gt; I'm always scared around the three day mark...If it helps that was traditionally my worst time too--well the fourth day really. From reading here I would say it's fairly common. None of this is meant at all medically--just saying you aren't alone...I gather you've been here before? I hope you'll stick around this time. Don't worry about AA not being your thing; it isn't for me either though I do keep a list of meetings handy as a "back pocket" resource...Best of luck. I won't drink with you tonight.
Only a trained professional can give you solid advice about quitting cold turkey and whatever withdrawal symptoms that may accompany them. ..As far as the your feeling uncomfortable at AA meetings goes I've been there. I quit when I was 21 and I was often the youngest or among the youngest that attend the meetings. I was thrown off by it at first but the old guys have a lot of wisdom to bestow on us younger people. I have been to many young people AA meetings which have been decent but finding someone who takes their sobriety seriously is few and far between. Most of my friends are 10+ years older than me. I'm 24 now and the majority of people around my age are still in the  partying  phase of life. I've been over that for quite a while and don't really find much in common with our age-group. I prefer to hang with the old guys honestly. Being around them has shaped the program I run daily and has helped mold me into the person I am today. ..Give those old timers a chance! Or else find what works for you and stick with it. ..Good luck !
23 is when I got sober and I was definitely put off at first by AA meetings for the same reason.  Youth.  Whether it be youthful ignorance or arrogance.  However I was entirely serious about quitting.  Showing up to the meetings was half the battle.  I went to a meeting a day and basically just went through the motions.  "Hi my name is" and so forth.  Then listening to everyone elses experiences and stories I started to see similarities and the age range was no longer a problem.  We are the lucky ones to find and seek sobriety at a young age with many older members ready and willing to pass along advice when asked.  
