-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73qxjh/called_911_the_other_night/

(Might be a long post) I'm 31/m for reference...I've had a pretty rough year. The weeks have gotten busier over the year to the point where every day is nearly how I'd spend an entire week last year for work. Needless to say I felt like I was just working to survive. I'd eat work eat sleep etc. I would come home immediately ball up in my bed and read just to escape. I ended up ruining my credit from late payments and had car problems as well as increasing rent. I still don't know how I will solve these because I can't afford to money-wise...Thursday night I had 12 beers despite having to get up early on a Friday to do so much work to finish out the week. I messaged my boss with an excuse thinking I would just sleep it off but at this point I was like I can't handle this shit and had 4 more beers. Once I had those 4 my entire mood changed from dread and anxiety to suicide ideation. I went from considering working hungover to calling out to just killing myself within the span of maybe 10 minutes...I ended up going over my living will and funeral requests (which was a bad idea because I have a paragraph or two written out to everyone I love and it made me finalize how I felt). I live in the city and actually put on my shoes and started walking to the nearest parking deck to jump off of. I ended up stopping a few blocks away and calling 911. Told them I was suicidal had no weapons on me described myself and where I was. Two units came along with campus security (I happened to be on their block). The were actually understanding (I know its their job but I expected to be handcuffed or them being more aggressive but they just talked to me like a human being for 15 minutes). After the conversation I was taken to the hospital for evaluation. The doctor was so sweet to me and she talked to me and assessed me for nearly 2 hours even though by the time I was done talking with her it was nearly 6am and I was sobering up. She was in her 14th hour of work after I was done talking; she's a damn angel...She suggested I could either voluntarily admit myself but advised me people with chronic anxiety in her own cases and experience it makes things worse (panic attacks mandatory anti psych meds etc) but since I was sober I could leave on my own will (I took a breathalyzer and was .06 under the legal limit to drive). She of course realized and asked several times if I was still thinking the same way which I wasn't. Once I was sober I was definitely not still willing to go through with anything. I took some resources from her and was allowed to leave...Since struggling with alcohol abuse anxiety and depression this really was a wake-up call for me. I've never come this close before (or even called 911 or got admitted anywhere). I'll tell you one thing though: Even though it "ruined" my night and I spent hours doing paperwork and getting evaluated I'm so glad I reached out for help...I realized even though I don't want me to be here other people do. My brother normally doesn't seem to care much and he was very worried and offered me a ride home before he had to go to work. That was a lot from him. It meant a lot to me...I don't know what will come Monday after taking off for the second time this week but it's better than being gone forever. Alcohol just makes my anxiety and depression so much worse in the end and I am going to finally seriously put in effort to quit drinking...Anyway thanks for listening. I'm waiting for the bill from my insurance but I'm still glad I'm not gone..
----------immediate responses--------

courage to you
I'm glad you reached out too. And glad you know there are people who care. Big hug. Xxx
Glad you are here with us. 
I'm so glad that this post says what it says in so many ways. I'm glad you're okay and I'm also glad that the system worked like it's supposed to. I had a similar experience and it made all the difference to be treated gently and respectfully. ..Speaking of which I hope you treat yourself with gentleness and respect today. Good advice for myself too. 
We're glad you're not go too. Sending every supportive thought your way today!
I'm glad you're here too.
Glad to hear you're ok man. 
Thanks for sharing your story - welcome to the family :).
powerful post.  Hang in there..
Thank you for sharing. You absolutely did the right thing. Booze seriously messed with your stress and anxiety levels not to mention your health and finances. Wait until you have more sober days under your belt and you'll see how some of these things clear up on their own. Others may take more work on your part but you'll actually be in a place where you can put out that honest effort. Not drinking with you today :)
it is crucial that you take care of yourself. i am so happy you phoned the police and made a post here...mental health is worth the work. you are worth the work. i know that you need a job but look into whether your company has FMLA and apply for it. even if the time off is unpaid FMLA is job-protected leave. time you can be seeking therapy with a physician. ..please take care of yourself and understand you are not alone. 
Thank you for sharing your story. This was very powerful and you should be proud of yourself for your courage. 
So glad you were treated with compassion. God the things alcohol makes you think! I have called hotlines in the middle of the night. All because too much alcohol makes me depressed and anxious as hell. 
I'm glad you're here to post this. I'm so glad you can see today that you are not alone and people care about you. I will not drink with you today.
I'm happy you were still around to type this out. I don't even know you and I genuinely want the best for you buddy &lt;3 stay strong 
