-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73sm3c/at_90_days_again_for_the_3rd_time_in_45_years/

I know how I *should* feel. Happy probably. Determined to defeat alcoholism sure. Strong? I don't really feel any of that this morning. I'm feeling rather beat down by my efforts to get &amp; stay sober. I did it in 2013 for over 3 years before relapsing. On this sub I had over 8 months sober this year before slipping on July 3rd. WHY can't I make sobriety stick to me? I still go to an Intensive Out Patient Program. I have meaningful relationships to stay sober for. I eat right. I exercise. I work &amp; play. I love my people. I worship my little grand daughter. I'm her Gram Cracker as she calls me. With all of that in my life it should be enough to keep me sober. What am I doing wrong? Am I ever going to be able to make it stick?
----------immediate responses--------

But you are aren't you? You fall 99 times you get back up 100. As long as you keep going you are absolutely moving in the right direction. And as they say it's not about the final outcome or goal it's about who we become in the process. And I am taking a guess that you are improving yourself by all the work you put in. So you slip?! So what? I think you are doing great I have yet to get to all that sober time that you have I der your belt... .I will not drink with you today. 
You are doing great!! I've had several slip ups This year. A reasonable goal is to prolong the sober intervals between slip ups and eventually stay sober for good. I know it's a slippery slope but I think it's doable. It sounds simple enough To stay quit but in real life It just shows how strong this addiction is and how hard it is to convince our brains to stay off the sauce!!
The strange thing about quitting all addictive substances is once you quit it seems like time moves so slowly. I think it's time perception distortion which makes us think every minute seems like an hour. It's tough. I'm going thru it right now. We have to get creative and use our minds to do something else hard as it may be!! May the force be with all of us!!!!
