-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73trlc/trying_and_failing_to_get_sober_no_idea_what_to/

I've been trying to cut down drinking for years. I was sober this january and in july I decided to go sober for good. That lasted for about a month then I had a drink one day and just kept going. For the last month and a half I've been drinking more than ever (used to be about 2.5/day now it's 3) and I can't seem to stop for more than a few days. I always have some date in mind when I'll stop and it comes around and I don't stop. I'm avoiding people I'm close to because I told them I was going sober (though I've been honest with them about relapsing); most nights I want to stay home and drink alone instead of being with people...My girlfriend messaged me last night and said she was upset that I was avoiding her that she understood it was because I wanted to drink and isolate. I said I would go back to drinking in social situations try to reach out to people instead of drinking a lot by myself out of shame...I just don't know what the fuck I can do. I don't want to drink the way I have been drinking has all this weight attached to it now because I've been fighting it for so long I can't stop I don't want to admit to people that I'm giving up. Has anybody here faced something like this? I need help.
----------immediate responses--------

i could not get sober on my own.  i needed real life connection with others in recovery to have any chance of success.  alcoholics anonymous helped considerably.  
Sober never worked for me until I did it for myself 1st ... not based on a date or advice from someone other than myself
Hello glad you are working to get sober even if it is hard. ..I don't think setting dates works unless it is tomorrow and you really do it tomorrow. The best time to quit is now but tomorrow is still pretty good. ..You should focus on why you start again after a few days. Hands shaking and withdraws needs a different solution than drinking because you are alone. It looks like you were able to get a month sober twice this year what was different then?..If you have not been to a support group yet I strongly suggest you try one. 
