-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73yc4c/what_do_you_all_do_at_night_when_your_alone_and/

Like the title states what do you do when you are alone at night and want to drink? A lot of my problems with drinking arise after 8pm and everyone is busy and I'm not. I have occupied my day with activities but the last hours of my day are always a struggle they always have been not just with drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I read.  Currently I'm studying but the first months I read constantly.   Memoirs and blogs about addiction and recovery were my sustenance.  The Naked Mind Mrs. D is Going Without Dry Girls Walks Out of A Bar Blackout A Happier Hour are just a few I enjoyed.  ..Reading these gave me something to do helped me learn a couple of things and solidified my resolve to not drink.
I've gone through a lot of books. Podcasts are fun too. .Recently bought a Nintento DS with the money I've saved from not buying booze. My hands are hooked and my brain goes along for the ride. ..The [chat](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking) room here on SD is really nice too if you're in need of folks to chat to or just know are out there. Sometimes I'll just load the chat to listen to the beeps. It's strangely calming :D  ..Hang tight! I won't drink with you tonight!
Watch lots of YouTube videos like coffee art gorillas masturbating to techno (it's a good lol) funny cat videos monkeys riding bikes etc. there are lots of hilarious/interesting videos on there. Also Exercise? Join a gym that is 24/7 and every time you want a drink go to the gym and run or lift it out? (Not for me but it might be something you're interested in) Also reading; fantasy meditation whatever you're into. You could also study online that could keep you occupied at night. Go for a walk take your cat or dog. Talk to us here on Reddit to kill time. Binge eat! Good luck :) 
Videogames tv music and browse reddit...
I like listening to podcasts myself. It kills the boredom and is a way to expose myself to new ideas. Listening to other people have conversations kills some of the loneliness sometimes too. WTF is a good conversational one if you can find a guest that interests you. I think all of them are helpful to me but some Recovery specific ones I like are Since Right Now and Recovery Elevator. I am a dude but I've heard many women recommend the Bubble Hour as well.
I started writing which is something I can ONLY do sober.  I just passed the 105k word mark two and half months after I started.  It's just fanfiction but it's a lot of fun...I also play video games and read.
When it gets bad I go to sleep.  I can't drink when I'm sleeping.
I am in the same boat as you! I work during the day and drank to excess after getting home. I think it was a mix of boredom loneliness and possibly mild depression. I live apart from my girlfriend and she usually keeps me in check when we are together!..I have filled my night by watching YouTube. I found a series that I was interested in and just binge watched that while texting my friends and having positive conversations!..One thing that I did not expect the nights seem to last a lot longer (not in a bad way). It made me think about what I had been missing because I was drinking! I am only on day 3 but that thinking has made me feel more positive!..I will not drink with you today!
Some of my favorites: food prep video games reading programming. ..For me part of the equation is exhausting myself that day too so getting in some exercise earlier helps as well. ..Food prep is one of my favorites though. On Sunday I prepped up a shitload of food and as a result have pumpkin spice preworkout to enjoy all week (seasonal and delicious) all of my work lunches ready to go meatballs to mix with spaghetti and mini quiches for my low carb days. I enjoy cooking but it's overwhelming during the week. Doing it on those days/nights that used to be reserved for drinking kills two birds with one stone; my hands are kept busy and I get to eat awesome food all week. 
I second the meal prep suggestion. I'm pretty new to learning how to cook so browsing and testing new recipes is a very time consuming thing that keeps me occupied most nights. 
