-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7412rw/day_one/

I will not drink with you today. .I will not drink with you tomorrow. .I will not. ..I'm a 26 y/o female whose father is a recovering alcoholic (sober 20+ years! Woo go Dad). His brothers are alcoholics. .My grandfather was. Uncles and aunts on my mothers side have a knack for over-indulging. While growing up watching my family act a fool and knowing that my father was so deeply affected by alcohol always kept me from drinking. Watching alcoholics scared me. I never wanted to be one. In fact the first time I had a drink was the night I graduated with my Bachelor's degree. I wound up on the roof of the bar. .Cue the beginning of my struggles. .I wanted to drink socially; explaining to people for ~24 years that I just did not drink (no I don't want to try it no there isn't anything wrong with me no no no) had been wearing me down. Especially during those times growing up where I was intensely peer pressured (no one in Indiana has anything to do BUT drink). Everyone had drinking stories and I was eager to get a few of my own. There are events and holidays where I wanted to  fit in.  I figured that I could balance it out. Have a few beers here and there and be  normal.  .I believe I was incorrect. .Maybe it was my lack of experience- after all almost all the people in my age group had already been through the trial and error process of learning their limits and how booze effects them. They did it as kids mostly in high school- an important part of drinking responsibly. Going though that as an adult ain't cute. I have the ability to have a couple and be fine most of the time. .But I've noticed that I have no self control. Once I feel the buzz I don't want it to escape. I drink more and more in a harebrained attempt to conserve it...and then my brain switches off. I have such a propensity for blackouts. Sometimes I won't even have that much but my brain will click off while my body walks around making a damn fool of itself. .People say that drunk words speak sober thoughts or whatever but man drunk shenanigannns does some shit that she would never EVER do while sober. It's embarrassing. I don't trust myself while I'm blacked out. Plus reading Nancy Drew is aight. Playing her the next day and trying to figure what I have done and who I have to apologize to is not. I don't know if it's just my brain chemistry but I don't know anyone else who blacks out as frequently as I do. .And the hangovers. They are day-ruining miserable and make me feel like the lowest most depressed person alive. I'm currently nursing a mild one because yesterday a Monday I got so drunk that I blacked out and threw up on the floor of my kitchen. Trying to drink with my boyfriend socially turned into a shit show...No more. ..I've been toying with the idea of returning to sobriety since I realized that I might have a problem. At first I thought that maybe I was having struggles that were normal to someone who hadn't drank before. Now I don't. I have to think too long and hard to prevent myself from having one of  those nights.  Losing control of myself terrifies me and it happens a lot more often than I'd like it to. I just can't seem to find the control to find and stay in that sweet  buzzed  spot- I'm forever overdoing it. I worry that I will do or say something to seriously destroy my relationship or even do something crazy like injure myself. I have no idea what kind of idiotic shit drunken shenanigannns will be up to next. .I don't think I should have to worry about it. So I will make sure I don't have to. I'm eager to get to a point where I just feel normal and in control always. No more hangovers. Healthier happier and less anxious. No more shame. .One day at a time. .I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! I am a serial badge re-setter. Here to tell you on my umpteenth day one that I'm with you. I will not drink today. 
Hey 24 y/o female here with a similar family history + propensity for blackout drinking! This post is so relatable for me that it hurts -- let's do this for ourselves one day at a time. I will not drink with you today :)
I'm with you. I would blackout because I could not chill and enjoy my drink always had to chug chasing getting fucked up or something. I still haven't figured it out but I terminated beers and it got worse as time went on. ..Congrats on going sober! It is freaking sweet  
