-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/741ttj/sobriety_is_a_mixed_bag/

this is the longest i have gone without drinking. what has helped is my commitment to my mental and physical health. i have a sense of pride that leads to a responsibility to care for myself in a capacity that was lacking before. ..like everyone i enjoy the morning. i enjoy being active. i enjoy my memory. but i am also struggling big time with my other destructive behaviors. ..i have mentioned before cutting out a very toxic male in my life but he was another addiction for me. the misery/sex/codependency - it is an addiction. i find myself wanting to binge eat almost just to destroy because i have eliminated alcohol and him. so why not abuse food. but i don't only because i suddenly care about my physical health. so that is another frustrating dead end...this week i recognize that i am incredibly needy. i found myself looking for attention just to feel someone wanting me. i know this pattern is self-destructive because i want something real but at this point i am willing to accept anything thrown my way even if it is a one-night stand (i HATE one-night stands and feel incredibly disgusted after)...it is like i need to punish myself. and if i can't with alcohol won't with him refuse to with food.. what else is there? i know that i need to work on why i am so determined to feel badly about myself and i am in therapy but i guess drinking masked a lot of this need. or at least i was able to pin my shame on one thing...whatever. i will not drink with you today. ..edit: sorry if this TMI - i just had no idea where to go with it. also i am super angry and recognizing that. instead of swallowing it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I RELATE ON SO MANY LEVELS.  I am replacing alcohol with other bad habits :( I need to deal with the root causes of my self destruction.  IWNDWYT
Yeah this sounds familiar!  For me it's no alcohol cigarettes binge eating nail biting compulsive shopping or toxic male influence.... 2017 needs to roll the fuck on because I got nuthin' bad left to give up.....I've replaced the above with self-care and pretty soon therapy...
Yep familiar for me too.  One night stands make my skin crawl.  For some reason after I broke up with someone I loved deeply I want NOTHING to do sexually or romantically with anyone at all.  I'm angry too.  I'm so goddamned angry that I just get on my bike and ride miles.  I did it last week when I was sick didnt care.  Had to beat the shit out of myself somehow its like I want to feel as bad physically as I do mentally.  So exercise?  I've found its the most healthy and effective thing until I want to stop punching everything to little pieces.  I feel ya today I will not drink with you.
Sobriety is a mixed bag.  Life is a mixed bag.  But alcoholism is a 100% unmixed bag of shit.  The prizes might not always be fancy but we can at least pull from the right bag.
Just keep going. Just don't drink. It will get better. Thinking of you and sending positive thoughts. I know that means shit but just keep going x x x 
