-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/745h3y/going_into_my_6th_week/

Hello All. I am very hopeful this is the place for me. I reached a place where I was anhedonic and down all day every day and drinking my crutch for almost 20 years wasn't helping. I had 24/7 acid reflux so bad I could barely eat. Since drinking wasn't working as a "medicine" and I was suffering so much from the reflux I decided to do a 30 day "cleanse". ..About a week into it it was like a switch flipped in my mind. Drinking was scary to me. I was scared to go back. ..I made the choice to keep going and firmly not drink for as long as I felt this way. There were some moments where I missed not drinking per se but the feeling of contentment with life and the "treat" of a good glass of wine. ..It's been scarily easy? I wonder if I'm a dry drunk but my body mind and heart is so on board with not drinking it's making it strangely easy. I feel an almost physical repulsion when I think about it. Like a big stop sign. I'm so so so grateful for that. I don't know where it came from or why but I thank the universe for this gift every day. ..I was not anywhere near bottom. I didn't even think I had a problem. ..But 6 weeks in I am struggling with towering rage and rollercoaster emotions and I now see (have tears as I write this) that I was in a self-induced "coma" for almost 20 years using alcohol to keep me asleep and compliant. And above all to keep this beast on a leash. ..I was talking to my sister and I said "I used to tell a story of how I was angry every minute of every day at age 19. Then there's this fog this blank in my memory of what happened next. I tell the story that I "grew out of it" because in my memory there's no other explanation. Now I see that I did not grow out of it. I covered it up with drinking. For 20 years. That's so tremendously sad to me. It hurts writing that. ..The rage and the hurt at some of the thing that happened in my life were always there. Waiting. Manifesting in fears manifesting in self-destructive choices. Manifesting in numbness. ..I used to make this (terribly sad I see now) joke "I'm just going to go home and knock myself over the head with a wine bottle." If I had a tough day or was covering up emotions. ..I guess I'm just here today to get support and stories about how others managed their "graveyards" when all the "undead" starting coming to life. ..I told my BF "it's like a sea dried up. And there's all these skeletons and shipwrecks. There's treasure. But I have to deal with all the wreckage first." It's a lot. ..Thank you for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;"It's like a sea dried up. And there's all these skeletons and shipwrecks. There's treasure. But I have to deal with all the wreckage first."..Oh that's beautifully put!..I was definitely held back in my emotional growth and maturation by a 15-year booze marathon... I was used to modulating every emotion and mood with drink instead of learning what I was supposed to 'do' with them... In the end that (crap) strategy and the 'medicine' stopped working for me too!..Booze not only numbed the 'bad' stuff (like strong emotions) it numbed the good stuff too (the ability to feel contented and serene)... it *is* a rollercoaster of emotions over the first few weeks and months as your body and psyche begin the healing process.....The emotional damage from 15 or 20 years of boozing often takes more than a few weeks to put right... some healthier strategies might include talking therapy counselling mindfulness meditation journalling art therapy actual medicine from a doctor... that sort of thing... plus lots of good self-care and patience!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted on how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I can absolutely relate... A guy said recently "if you want to get in touch with your alcoholism put the bottle down for a while." All of a sudden there's s host of emotions I've evaded for years.
Just now talking with /u/alcoholisthedevil I [said](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/745zzo/still_lost/dnw1336/) that this story line is just how it had to be. We like to look back and think the alternate story line *any* alternate would have been better. And it's a lie. We know from *all* the stories around us from *all* the people around us that horror and drama and trauma touches us all...Had your life been different it wouldn't necessarily been better. Just different. ..I lost 2 children to life. A friend lost his wife and children to a drunk driver. Someone else a real health freak had ALS. Any story line has it all; the ups and the downs...I'm not saying I have my Pollyanna glasses on and "everything happens for a good reason." I'm saying "this happened to us and this is what makes us us. This is our story"
