-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/747nde/relapse_is_more_difficult_than_i_thought/

Relapse is hard! I've stopped and started back up so many times. Now though the idea of starting again even having just ONE drink again is a huge undertaking. I had a day yesterday. Not a bad day not a good day not even a stressful day...just... a day. And I found myself contemplating a drink. Easy enough right? Leave work go grab a drink. But then I started thinking "Well I can just get a nipper at the packy. OR should I go to a bar so the girl at the packy won't think I've started drinking again? Oh who cares what she thinks?" I thought about a bar in a different town but I didn't want to go alone. Who could I call to come with me? No one that's who. All of my friends know I've quit. All of my friends know that I've struggled to get here that I've fought hard to get here and not a single one of them would sign off on me throwing it away because I have had "a day". So I'm a grown woman I'll go by myself...they don't have to know. But what will I tell my fella? Do I lie to him? What would I say? His trust in me is still so very fragile. He has been so supportive. Even when my mood swings to the terrible (which sobriety had magnified to the max) he is solid. I can lean on him when the dizzies come back or the bone-crushing depression drives me to the ground. If I lie he will still know. He always knows. He will smell it on me. He will hear the slur in my words and the slowness in my actions. "But you're just going to have one. You'll be fine." I know better than that. It's not one. It's never one. It's not remembering anything except that hurt disappointed look in his eyes when he smells me come home. It's coming back here and staring at that badge and knowing that it isn't true. It's feeling like a bag a trash took a shit in my brain the next morning. Shaking hands irregular heartbeat being afraid and sad. ..When you hold yourself accountable and everyone else does too it makes the thought of relapse so much more trouble than it's worth. Don't do it. I didn't and I feel all the better for it. FTZ..Edit: Thanks guys. You're all as much a support as my real life people. Sometimes even more so...keep on being awesome. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;When you hold yourself accountable ..This! ..I became honest with myself.  I examined what personal integrity meant to me.
You have great support systems and I really love the way you've backed yourself into a sober corner!  
Good work. ..Ultimately I have to hold myself accountable because there are always times when I could 'get away with it' but who would I be letting down the most?
WOW great great post!!! me thinks you got this this time!!!!!
What scares me is the stories I have read here about how slippery that slope can be. Everybody's slope is different and I just don't want to tempt how slippery mine will be. Maybe mine isn't so bad but is it worth the risk?  I keep back from that slope knowing it is there and say with you today FTZ.  
Very good! It's good you've told people. Accountability is very important. Also I force myself to remember *why* I quit. I won't drink with you today!
Whew! Way to go!
Buy yourself something nice you deserve it!.I will not drink with you today
Well said and well done friend.
Thanks for sharing this; your words are true and eloquent.. Part of it for me too is knowing that no matter what kind of 'day' I've had in the end I can only control my reaction to it. .Thanks for posting; hope you have an inspiring day.
It is a slippery damn slope. In the end it's probably easier to stay sober than it is to get sober. Good on you! :)
&gt; It's feeling like a bag a trash took a shit in my brain the next morning. Shaking hands irregular heartbeat being afraid and sad...Thanks for that brutal reminder!
""But you're just going to have one. You'll be fine." I know better than that. It's not one. It's never one."..Good God isn't THIS the truth. Good on you for recognizing this and the tricks our cross-wired brain (from alcohol) tries to play on us...GOOD FOR YOU for recognizing this. And choosing sobriety for another day. Very inspiring.
Thanks for this 
This helped me today....
What's a packy?
Oh I see. Sorry in the UK!!! Thanks and keep up the bloody good work x x x
I really enjoy your writing/speaking style..Great description of the "playing it forward" thought process..You've convinced me...not worth the consequences of having another drink..I won't be drinking with you today!
Mang I'm just about at two months now and I would have had a drink Saturday if my boyfriend hadn't been there to hold me accountable. It was really depressing to discover that I still dont have the strenght to do it on my own... But at least I'm not alone!
The badge on this site is a great motivator to keep on pluggin' along. For me I've also found my little dinky blood pressure monitor to be a great motivator. It's has a health meter on the display that points to a chart to gauge overral heart health. At the top is danger red and the bottom green is good. At my worst I had it nearly pegged at the top in the "at risk for heart attack and stroke" territory. Now I've got it pegged at the other end all the way at the bottom for "Yay! Healthy!". I know exactly why it was at the top one way and all the way at the bottom the other way whether I drink or not. That and I still feel a tinge of pain for a moment coming from my liver area telling me that even after 270 days the damage is done. Going back to drinking would just be picking right back up from where I left off as far as my liver is concerned. And there's not much handle left on that rope. I'm fine with hanging onto what I've got and not going to give up anymore at this point. 
That kind of pressure has stopped me a few times. The place I used to drink is also a coffee shop. I kept going there after I stopped drinking but switched to coffee. One time they actually opened a beer for me when I was walking in. I ordered a coffee. They offered me the beer for free. I declined. "I ordered coffee today for a reason!" I said. Now they see me in there all the time drinking coffee. The thought of going back in looking them in the face and ordering a beer...sounds terrible.
