-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/747q9n/the_change/

I've been thinking a lot about when my drinking got bad and when I recognized that I have a problem (about 2.5 years ago.)..I'm 28 now and have been a binge drinker for about 12 years. About 2-3 years ago I started turning a Friday night drinking session into a Saturday morning-all day drinking bender. I used to be able to drink 6-8 strong craft beers or 5-6 glasses of wine and I'd be fine the next day. Maybe a bit of a headache or grogginess but nothing like what I get now. If I try to drink like that now I get terrible hangovers. It's not just the physical stuff it's crippling anxiety depression sweats.....When I get a sober stretch under my belt I start to romanticize my old days of drinking where I didn't get these effects. So then I give it a shot but with every relapse (4 now since really accepting that I need and want sobriety) I get the terrible hangovers that make me feel like my life is falling apart...Is this the natural progression for all problem drinkers? I need to write this out so I can read back when I start feeling like I should be able to go back to my old habits...One thing I know for sure is that I won't drink today...Another thing I'm certain of is that I love my life and myself much more when I'm sober.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Is this the natural progression for all problem drinkers? ..Yes!  Chronic Progessive and Fatal.
For me relapse hangovers are the worst.  Literally 4 days aftereffects.    I took the hint and stopped relapsing.
It was for me. I used to just deal with hangovers and they'd be gone by the end of the day. Life resumed. Then sometime in 2011-2012 I started hanging around a fun group of people who loved skiing camping etc and it was fully acceptable in this group to drink the morning after the party. By this time my hangovers were so bad I happily joined in. A few years of that on the weekends and I started having heavy withdrawals every Monday. Eventually my drinking stretched into weekdays and now I'm here. I have no fantasy of drinking the way I did because I always drank to get drunk. ..And I cannot handle the hangover which either equals 2 days of being sick or keep drinking and go through withdrawals. Not worth it to me. Best wishes to you. 
I can tell you it is harder every time and the Hangover actually becomes serious health issues.I have relapsed several times since first finding SD New Years 2016.I had 7 great months then relapsed.Fast forward to yesterday while I still have the hangover effects  Heart Palpations breathing issues(from enlarged liver pressing lungs) and BP back up...I wish I had tackled this problem at your age after 40 years I am not sure I will win this fight.
