-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74azkg/just_need_a_moment/

I got hurt at work at the beginning of the month. Turns out I needed surgery to fix the problem. So after many doctors visits and having to be honest about my drinking (which was embarrassing of course) I decided to quit. ..It was always "controllable" in the sense I could function. There's never been a time my drinking messed up my job. My personal life is another story but that's always been maintained with minimal consequence. Before my injury it was getting worse though. ..I'm 19 days in. Still recovering from surgery and bored out of my mind. The whole thing is getting to me. I haven't been out of work this long since I was a teenager (mid 30's now). I won't be back for another ten days. My mobility is limited. I can't lift a thing. Can't even mow my own lawn. I just need a moment...In the past 19 days I have had half a beer. After 10 or so days I found one in the back of the fridge. Damn thing tasted funny. It wasn't old just wasn't good. To me that's a sign. But I'll be damned if I don't wanna power through the funny taste until it's normal again to relieve the boredom and get sleep. Used to drink myself to sleep. Now I stare at the wall and beg any god that will listen for a bit of respite...I'm not giving up. No way. Too proud of myself to give up. My g/f looks at me differently now. More twinkles in her eye. You heard that right multiple twinkles. She's so supportive. She's planning a trip for my 30 days my 6mo and 1yr already. I won't let her down either...I just needed to get this off my chest to people who will understand. I'm struggling with this. Not giving up but finding it hard to dig for that will power. This is a normal feeling yeah? Part of me hell all of me knows this is normal. Does it get easier? I know there isn't a magic day that I'll find it easier. "Oh hit day 49 and you never look back" isn't real. ..My feelings are so conflicted right now. I felt bad the other night buying non-alcoholic beers because I was in the "forbidden section" at the grocery. They help. A couple a night gives me the hand to mouth I was so used to (drank a twelve pack a day) but after a couple I get turned off. They taste weird...Sorry for the long post. Just needed a moment. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  There is a point that a "magic day" occurs...It's just not a *predictable* day!..The more I did the work the better it got...I however needed support.  I got that at meetings from people who learned how to get sober...Good luck! 
&gt;"Oh hit day 49 and you never look back" isn't real...I can honestly say that at day 49 I'm doing far more looking forward than looking back...
Hang in there you got this! You really do...I have found that tea is my new go-to drink. So many flavors to try and allows me to have a constant cup in my hand (bonus of hydration too!)  I like the relaxation/sleepy tea in the eve...I won't drink with you today! Thanks for posting :)
It takes a while for the brain to heal.  I don't remember when I got sober before when the time came where alcohol wasn't even part of my vocabulary.  I think it just got less and less important and one day just disappeared.  I'm glad I've had this experience so I know it will happen again.
