-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74expx/im_so_ashamed/

I posted about a week ago and Tuesday I relapsed after realizing I failed my exam because I was smashed and high on cocaine and hadn't slept in days. This was really shameful considering I know this material so well I've actually been teaching it to people before I even took the course (i have a degree in physics working on becoming engineer) l drank a half pint of vodka at 1:30 went to the bar at 4 had a couple beers then went back home. Told myself I'm done for today. I was so wrong.. I got antsy around 9. Told my gf I was going to the library for a bit then went and bought a half gallon of gin. Drank four shots at a friends house then went to my old frat house to see what the guys were up to. I wasn't paying attention to how much I was drinking and I blacked out. The next thing I remember is waking up after crashing my car at a McDonald's. I called my parents and they're pissed. This is my 6th time I've crashed a vehicle under the influence and I'm only 23 (yet have never gotten a DUI) I just don't learn. ..My mom took me back home and they put me in their bed and called my girlfriend. I then woke up and tried to find my phone and klonipin remember shouting at my mom that I didn't wanna be here to take me home. She said if I go back to my gf's she'll take me to the hospital so I had her take me to my friend's house (I pay rent there i either stay there or at my gf's). ..I woke up in my friend's spare bedroom of course panicking thinking I just had a horrible nightmare til I realized the nightmare was real. I caught a ride to school with my friend. The guilt and shame just gets worse as I take my seat. I can't take it anymore so I leave and stand in the rain outside trying to get an Uber back home. I'm still really drunk from the night before and I was sobbing in front of this poor Uber driver. ..I then decide I don't wanna live anymore I keep letting the people I love down I'm so depressed. I've had a plan for how I wanna die for about a year now and I always tell myself I'm gonna do it tomorrow. I go to what I call my suicide box. It's Japanese whiskey a razor blade and a suicide note. I figured the alcohol would thin my blood enough that I would bleed out quickly. I take the box with me to the park. I tried to call my gf but she didn't answer. So I left her a text message saying goodbye:.."I'm not well I fucked up last night and I'm in so much pain. I just wanted to tell you thank you and how much I love you"..She said.."What do you mean pain? Like from the accident? I'm going back to bed"..I sat drinking in the park finding peace in the fact that I won't have to worry about anything anymore and that I wouldn't feel so much anguish everyday. ..She then realized that was a strange thing for me to say and calls me back asking me where I'm at. ..I can't do it at this point hearing her voice made it impossible. I tell her I'm in the park. She comes and picks me up we go to Wendy's and then back home. She goes "do you want the sheet on you?" ."No im fine" ."wow you really are suicidal".And we share a laugh..I black out again. I wake up around 9:00 and I've been nodding in and out. I have night terrors so I keep waking up screaming. They're especially worse tonight I keep dreaming about my car accidents...I have severe bruises one of which is on my head. I think I fell out of bed and hit it against the dresser. ..I'm not sure how I can keep going but something has to change. I'm so miserable in school I think I should drop out and move to a less depressing place. What I do want is to grow old with my fianc  and I think if I don't quit drinking I'm not gonna get to do that. Anyway I'm not gonna drink with you guys today..TL;DR I got into a drunk driving accident Tuesday night and went to commit suicide Wednesday morning but was stopped by my fianc . 
----------immediate responses--------

i can relate to all areas of your story.  one things that i know for sure that is true for me is that i could not get sober on my own.  i needed and still need real life connection to others in recovery.  this happens in meetings of alcoholics anonymous.  i hope you find sobriety.  
i remember your post from last week.  your father talked you out of going into rehab...this all sounds very serious to me.  i agree with you that something has to change.  i would love to see it change before you permanently injure yourself and/or someone else...what help do you need to get you started?..
 I'm really worried for you. It sounds like you are in really serious danger. Please seek medical attention immediately. 
Hi there friend I'm at a loss for words hearing your pain. I guess all I can say is that a lot of us here at SD have been at those places that you describe. I made it through depression suicide attempts heavy drinking and all that sh**. You can too. I'm really happy you've realised you need to stop and that you have people around you who obviously love you. Oh darn it I wish you all the sunshine and blue skies in the world!!
It doesn't have to be hard!..Glad you're here!..Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I kept going and the benefits appeared!..I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
Thanks for the support checking in for a sleep study tonight I haven't been able to breathe or stop night terrors for a long time I think this might help 
Looking into different treatment options my parents are taking it a bit more seriously since my car accident. 
