-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74rtd9/empty_shell/

This will be sort of long and not very happy and I sincerely apologize for anyone I bum out but I have to get it off my chest...I used to be a very social very happy person. I love talking about news politics books movies anything. Mind you I'm not saying they were groundbreaking discussions but I love love love talking to people. .And now I don't have anyone to talk to. And I mean literally no one. A handful of friends I have alienated because I didn't want to bum them out with my recent struggles so I avoided contacting them at all and well a flower not watered is a flower that wilts. ..My mom and sister I'm avoiding because in my sobriety I am realizing that our communications are unhealthy to put it mildly. My father is just....a person who in the past has hurt me immensely with his alcohol addiction and has never apologized even after getting sober 3.5 years ago and is now just someone who lives in a another country...I have some friends whom I've talked to about what's going on and they are understandably avoiding me. It's a lot. ..There are friends whom I want to hang out with but I know if I do it cannot be a sober affair and I don't want to go into details with them about everything because I'm scared I'll break down and expose my vulnerability and be left alone and helpless again. ..I have no one to talk to about my fears successes tribulations interests. I have turned to living vicariously through others on reddit and in TV shows. ..Four days ago I got back on the workout horse and I was feeling so elated! I couldn't make it to the gym on wednesday but didn't want to skip a day so I ran around my basement like a chicken with its head cut off for half an hour and the whole time I was thinking about you guys. Then after cooling down I laid down and meditated for ten minutes before taking a shower and cleaning up. The next couple of days I didn't do much but was so proud of myself for just upkeeping what I had cleaned that night and that felt like such a huge accomplishment. I was climbing out of the hole. ..The weekend is tomorrow and I'm dreading it because I know that like every other weekend every ounce of self-respect I hold dear will evaporate when my husband picks up the kids and treats me like the waste of space he thinks I am. ..I can't find a therapist to see on weekends and I can't afford hiring someone to watch the kids even for a couple of hours during the week. Not to mention I'm afraid of the person I end up with following my last trial down that road (she wasn't bad but there were many factors that would stress me out more while seeing her than help.) Anyway..I feel literally like a sore (did I mention I burned off a couple thousand calories this week?) empty shell and there's nothing more I want to do tonight than fill it with wine. I was going to make cookies  but I only have one egg and purposefully didn't go to the grocery store because I knew I was too weak to resist that aisle. So now it's late the kids are in bed and I can't go out so my empty shell will stay empty. ..You guys are literally the only people who know what I'm going through. .I feel lonely and worthless and I just need a crutch but don't know where to find it. .I posted a couple days ago about a getaway and got some responses but alas there's no room left this year in the places close to me. I even thought about going to Chicago for a couple of days (5 hr bus ride) but just thinking about the finances makes my head spin. Also I know I'll be berated for leaving my husband with the responsibility for find childcare for a day on such short notice. ..Also I really really really want to get divorced but I feel like I should start seeing a therapist first so that when my husband inevitably starts quoting my "mental instability" and "hysterics" (that's what he calls my period mood swings) to fight for custody I can have someone who can back me up. Did I mention he only calls ONCE during the week to talk to the kids but DEMANDS that they NEED to see him every weekend because he's their father?..WOW I'm so so sorry for venting all of this to you all. I know you're not therapists but I really have no one. And I don't want to break down again and drink because I know that it won't solve anything and it will just spiral me further into depression. ..So ok the shell stays dry tonight and hopefully tomorrow I can fill it with some more sweat at the gym. Or whatever. I know when I wake up to your kind responses my resolve for tomorrow will strengthen so in advance thank you. And thank you for the strength the past few months. I would not be here without you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Take a deep breath. I know first hand life can be tough. It is less tough when you are not drinking. How old are your kids?..
You are not alone.  Although your situation is complocated many others in the same boat have gotten sober.  Best wishes to you in finding the suppprt you need.
There's nothing that alcohol is going to add to your situation. Just try to breathe. Try to communicate to a friend who wants you to be sober. Maybe have someone to hit up a meeting.
Have you found a group to attend? At home I attend RR meetings. However I was just traveling and found a Refuge Recovery meeting on a college campus nearby. I am in my forties. They were awesome. Being with people like me without judgement expressing kindness...well...it is just what I needed...You rare on a good path. Things will stark to shake out. Stick with it...I won't be drinking with you today!
First off I'm proud of you for thinking ahead and abstaing from drinking. That deserves big recognition. The issue is complicated and somewhat similar to mine. There is literally no body I have that I can talk to for support. I'm living with family at the moment and have been sober for 2 days so I'm dealing with withdrawals. I just went to try and talk to my mom and she said "I don't want to hear it you did this to yourself." To make matters worse they're making dinner and not allowing me to eat because I recently lost my job. They told me "You can buy liquor but you can't buy food" So I know how you're feeling. I've never been so loney. I haven't seen my daughter in 2 weeks due to the stupid decisions I've been making. Just know you are not alone it took me finding this sub a couple days ago to find that out. Even tho we're all strangers on the internet this is a good place to turn. Keep your head up we're all here for each other 
Sending hugs and strength.  You are not alone.  Can you go to an AA meeting when you don't have the kids?  ..Keep fighting the good fight!  You're doing great!
[removed]
