-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74x588/gotta_tell_on_myself/

I went out with an old friend to dinner last night. She invited her friend to come with which I did not expect. In my active addiction it was commonplace to seek out an older gentleman with means who would fund that night's excursion while young pretty girls made him feel important. It's a lifetime away for me and to get roped into that again made me uneasy. How easy it was for me to switch it on. How I was constantly scanning his aura and trying to engage him. Ugh. My friend knew the guy who owned the restaurant so they sent over a bunch of tequila shots. They were pressuring me to drink this OMGamazing~ tequila. I didn't want to but I didn't want to dig my heels in over dinner. I put my pinky in to get the flavor so I could nod along when they talked about how good it was. All I tasted was regret. I am no longer that girl who needs to pretend to find interest in boring people for companionship or compensation. I work 10+ hours a day so I can buy myself the things I want and share my energy with those I find worthy. Being back in that place with those people none of it was tempting. They brought out another round of tequila shots and I very gladly declined.. ..   Here's my thing. I count a relapse as any intentional ingestion of alcohol/drugs. I had a total of 2 drops of tequila and turned down the second shot. I'm not on edge but I will hit a meeting tonight. I want to think my day count is fine but I'm also an alcoholic. Tell me what you think. 
----------immediate responses--------

OK I'm a stickler for the reset but the two drops would not count in my book - the whole shot or a sip would be different as would making a habit of the two drop drink when you're out (slippery slope). I understand your angst around this but I wouldn't reset. Think of it as a reminder to a)not take up drinking again and b)try to avoid this particular situation. All in all I think you did great given the circumstances.
I am giving you a 99.8%.  That is still an A plus!! Fabulous job not caving.   You absolutely did not relapse. After your meeting tonight buy your self something nice!  You earned it!.
As I see it it wasn't enough to swallow and you weren't trying to experiment or self-medicate.  It got you out of the pressure to actually swallow anything.   I wouldn't penalize myself for that...However I would examine everything about that situation to avoid anything like it in the future.   I would not see that friend again or at least not without setting expectations up front.   I would ask myself what kept me from just saying "no thanks" and maybe come up with some strategies to prepare for a similar "ambush" . situtation.
Omg please don't reset! I.Would count a reset/ relapse as you going all out getting tipsy and fucked up. You didn't. I'm so happy for you! You are strong and brave and wise 
