-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74yxft/3_years_ago_i_bragged_about_going_to_bars_sober/

Well eventually that just wore out. It's lame. Drunk people irritate me piss me off or just bore me. Are you a fan of repetition? Do you like unwelcome people touching you? Do you enjoy people who seemingly only grow balls after a few drinks and decide to be aggressive? Well I don't...I thought I had something to prove by going out almost everyday of the week to the bars. Those were where my friends were. So I went and then got home and posted about it. People on here got pissed. Some called me out. Explained how dangerous it was to people on here...Well you guys were all right. I never ended up relapsing. I just grew weary of it and stopped. I was wrong. I think I posted about it to try and say see look! Im no alcoholic! No one tells me what I can or cant do! Im the man!..Fact is if I had relapsed I would probably have died by now. So that wasnt a risk worth taking really. And bragging about it on here to other vulnerable people was also not only dick but incredibly dangerous. So I apologize again for that...But yea 3 years after tomorrow I think. I literally can not remember what it feels like to be drunk or buzzed. Ill never forget how terrorfying trying to taper off that one last time was though. Jesus christ. I dont know how close to death I was but Im not eager to ever try and find out or test my body like that again...Just take it one day at a time guys. Its also okay to be afraid. Just dont hide behind alcohol because it isnt your friend. It never was. There's a hook at the bottom of each bottle. All it takes is one.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 3 years out of alcohell.  
Nice work!
Congrats on 3 years - that's fantastic. I wasn't around on this subreddit back in those days but as I see it that was just a stage in your evolution as a non-drinker. Nothing to apologize for. 
Congrats on 3 years! ..I can relate about hanging out in bars.  I've been out a couple of times to bars to shoot a game of pool or grab something to eat with friends but I don't stay long.  It's just not fun to hang out for hours on end like it used to be.
Congratulations.  At AA somebody said one of the people in the group owned a bar but maintained sobriety until he sold it which took like a year.  I also have a sober friend who plays in a couple of bands at bars but maintains sobriety.  So I know that there are a lot of people who advocate sober people / sober places but there are others who don't seem to need that...Way to go on 3 years and I will not drink with you tonight!.
Some people do that. I see that all the time with ex-smokers as well. "Oh I can be around smokers no problem I feel no craving whatsoever" only to relapse after a few days of proving themselves "it ain't a thang I just proved myself I can quit anytime I want..."..You were lucky. The problem was not so much the bragging (though doing it online is lame af) but the action itself. It's the kind of bravado that when one wins one still loses just for playing. ..Wishing you the best though.
I went and saw some friends play music at a bar last night. A dive bar none the less. It wasn't too bad. I noticed how little people drank. One beer was lasting my friends an hour or so and when they were done they didn't rush to get another beer right away like I would have. Some even got water in between drinks. That was not me at all I was there for 3 hours and would have had 6 beers. Most of my friends had two maybe three at most. Control I never had it but I certainly notice it in others. 
We all make mistakes in early sobriety.  Funny how hard it is to let go of people places and things.  Attachments...the root of all suffering.   Now to even think of being in a bar like that ... woof! And you summarized the bar type well.   Congrats on being able to face your fear on the other hand.  Certainly not recommended but perhaps that's just how your personally wired. Congrats on your sobriety 
What did you do when you stopped going to bars?  What's your social life like now?
I continue to go to bars with my ex but end up spending the night worried about what's going to happen or more importantly how he is going to act.   It's wearing me down and  the relationship is becoming difficult to sustain.  
# 3!..Congrats on adding up all those days...You've got some very good things to say in this post. Thanks for it.
