-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/751bk2/friend_groups_changing/

Hello all. I am two weeks sober as of today (not a huge victory but a major step in the right direction for me) and as a 23 year old I'm realizing and struggling a bit with the fact that a lot of the people I consider friends aren't really my friends....we truly have only ever hung out at an event where drinking is involved. I'm not invited to do any activity that doesn't involve a ton of drinking (bottomless brunches tailgates bar crawls). I'm not incredibly depressed over this realization or the fact that they aren't "true" friends but it's making me really introspective now that I have a much clearer head. Is this something other early 20 somethings have gone through? I'm kind of worried the rest of my life will be lonely because I have very few friendships I feel that weren't formed around the act of drinking copious amounts of alcohol together.
----------immediate responses--------

I think a lot of my problem is more that I never learned how to make friends. Drinking is an easy default activity but it was more the fact that someone was either inviting me to join them or I was inviting them to join me and (most importantly) I was saying yes. I don't know why but inviting some for beer seemed natural but inviting someone to go hiking running eat dinner visit a museum sit in a park play a game watch a movie etc. seemed strange. I spent far too much of my life saying no to invitations and not inviting people to something else.
Great notice !..I thought the same thing!..I then noticed The places I went were where drinkers went.  There are hundred if millions of people who either don't drink or who don't use alcohol as the prime or secondary component of the purpose for assembling...I have great sober friends now.  I didn't find them at pubs tailgate parties Greek houses sports bars football celebrations etc.  ..I found a lot of new sober friends at meetings.  Then I found more hiking kayaking playing golf volunteering professional associations and on and on...Now I have zero "drinking buddies" and have many sober support friends and sober activities friends!
The good news is that the friendships you will have now will be about who you really are what you dig and think about. The relationships are so much better. The phase of cutting out the alcohol-based relationships sucks but it makes room for real connections. 
People places and things. Nope it doesn't change with age ... it only becomes harder to step away from these people you now know for much longer.  I would suggest yoga retreats the gym.  The yoga community has really been a blessing and you find many people here that operate from the heart center ear right take care of their bodies....and are focused.  The positive vibes are endless and yoga is everywhere.  I'm traveling next week.  Better believe I'll find a local studio and drop in....Really most of my new friends come from this community now.
Congratulations on your 2 weeks!! Don't dismiss it as a small achievement it's huge. ..You're going through the exact same thing as I am right now. I am 2 weeks sober also and I can tell you that most of my friends (the ones in the immediate country I'm living in) have disappeard. Some through my behaviour when drunk and some not. ..The expat life is heavily focused on a drink culture you're far away from home and it seems that it's the only way to meet new people. This is not a new revelation to me having been an expat in a number of countries. I'm just glad that this time here I've been able to see my behaviour for what it was...... destructive. I relate with your comment of making friends formed on alcohol when I think about it that's all I've had really. Football teams etc I have participated in have all had that let's be friends through beer attached to it. So I have no idea where I go from here I've literally had no conversation with anyone but myself in 2 weeks. On thursday last week i found myself in a pit of dispair and all i wanted to do was to ball my eyes out in my apartment but my self talk wouldnt let it happen and woukdnt accept the pity party i was trying to throw for myself something that hasnt happened before. Ill be honest its been a lonely road so far but i can see in my minds eye that there is better for me coming I'm back in the gym ( beer made me let myself go) and feeling great. So it's not all doom and gloom but I do find myself in a position that is a little Alien to me. I'll be better for facing this obstacle as I'm sure you will too. ..You're here and you want to change this group will give you all the support and encouragement you can ask for so in some strange twisted way I've found new friends. More importantly people who understand the process and what you are feeling...I won't drink with you today.
