-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/751igk/my_morning_mantra_for_years/

Good morning SD. I've lurked and commented several times but I've never posted. I recently left a comment (a bit long sorry) to another post on here and after I wrote it I decided it was a good summary of my journey and decided I wanted to post it:..For years my morning mantra was: "I am not drinking today." By the time my hangover was just about gone that little voice started and the next thing I knew I was looking forward to that first vodka drink when I got home from work. Which always turned into 5 or more. Dinner. Bed. Repeat...My day 1 was a long time coming but once I admitted I had a serious problem to a friend (a recovering alcoholic) and then to my husband it felt like a weight had been lifted and I could breathe. My 'dirty little secret' was no longer a secret. But now what? I was scared as hell and really had no idea what to do next. I just knew I needed to stop because it was killing me (physically and mentally) I was isolating myself from friends and family my daily drinking habit started earlier and earlier and suicide became a daily consideration. I believed my friends and family would be better off without me...I didn't even like me. I was so sad on the inside. It came down to two choices: 1) let alcohol take everything away from me including life or 2) get help. In that particular moment when I actually told someone about my dirty little secret I chose the latter and never looked back...I was going to check into a a 30 day rehab facility but elected not to go. Instead with the loving support of my husband I did a lot of research and found there were other options out there. I found an intensive outpatient program that focused on mental health as well as treating addiction. Dual diagnosis for me (severe depression and alcohol abuse). I also worked one on one with a therapist and a psychiatrist and my meds were adjusted (diagnosed with depression in my early 20s; in my 40s now). I never went to AA. It's definitely one of the many options to maintain sobriety. It just wasn't one for me. And that was OK...it's not for everyone...And then I found this sub. Forever thankful that I did...I hope for anyone who is struggling that you find your motivation; your turning point. It's different for everyone but I truly believe it needs to come from within. And as I've seen many times on SD before not drinking is only part of the commitment. For me the other changes (healthy decisions change in interests etc.) came slowly with each day I was sober. I now find enjoyment in my day to day life. The little accomplishments each day are enough for right now. That will change; I can guarantee it. But I will adjust when that time comes...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing this glimpse of your story!..You're telling much if mine too...The "secret" inside was eating away at me.  Once acknowledged a huge weight was lifted.  I actually looked forward to all the subsequent work!  I never want to add that weight to my pack again!
163 days! Congratulations &amp; thanks for being an inspiration! Just curious what's your new mantra? Mine is "This is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it." IWNDWYT!
Thank you for sharing this Reannin &amp; I am proud of the very brave &amp; strong choice that you made :) My recovery is Dual Diagnosis based as well &amp; I appreciate my psychologist so much! This time around I am making slow &amp; steady changes to my day to day life &amp; that is working well for me. Keep up the great work &amp; I am so glad that you are here xo
Hey random question. How do you get the number of days next to your username
