-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7561fp/first_48hi_everyone/

Hey everyone hmm. Struggling for words. I have never admitted to anyone...not even my husband or best friend the extent of my drinking. So it means a lot to have this platform to reach out to. Anyway I am in bed ready for sleep which means I have conquered 2 days so far! Yesterday was hard in a physical way and while today was as well I found there were emotional triggers left and right on top of the physical craving. I had an internal argument about every 2 or 3 minutes but never took a drink or even came close and we have alcohol in the house. I feel incredible... I know it's only been 2 days but this is the longest I have stayed sober in 12 years except for my 3 pregnancies which was no problem because I "couldn't" drink then. (I mean I *could* have but the repercussions are more obvious and directly affect the baby so I found it easy to stay away from it.) ..I started up again each time after though and each time it got worse. So here I am with more resolve than I have ever had. I am not kidding myself...I know it will not be easy but I really feel like this is a pivotal moment for me. Reading through your posts...I can't believe the similarities. I felt so alone before. I would look at literally everyone else and think I wish I could live life sober like them but obviously this is a very common struggle. Now I don't feel so alone and can relate to so so so many posts on here. The strength that shines through in your posts gives me so much hope. Nice to meet you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I felt the first day or two were the hardest part.... hope to hear from you tomorrow. 
Welcome!! Great job on your decision to quit drinking...Welcome to SD... I will not be drinking with you today.
So glad you're here! What a champ for crushing your first two days congratulations :)  I won't drink with you today! Let us know how your doing tomorrow!
Way to go and you can do it I know you can. ..Will your hubs and/or bestie be supportive?
Welcome aboard! I hope tomorrow will be a better day :)
Welcome. Thanks for the honest post and well done on 2 days. I won't drink with you today  
