-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/756o6l/looking_for_someone_who_relates/

Does anyone else hate when someone who doesn't struggle with alcohol addiction (or any addiction) tries to lecture them? My moms driving me nuts. I screwed up last night but it's not like I'm not aware of my situation and am not trying to do something about it. She doesn't understand so she's just mad and talking down to me like I'm a lesser person. She just told me alcohol seems to be more important to me than my son. And that hurt. Because it's not true and I don't drink every day or more than twice a week. It's just a matter of not being able to stop after one drink and then wreaking havoc in my relationships and ending my night by throwing up. I'm aware I have a problem and I'm finally admitting to it and actually trying to do something about it but the way she was talking to me did nothing but put me off. I stopped responding while she was talking to me finished getting ready for bed and walked out on her because I didn't want to be talked at anymore by someone who doesn't understand. Her and my boyfriend are both downstairs still talking about me no doubt. I know she just cares but she acts like I'm some disgusting failure..Like I feel shitty enough. I'm trying. I'm reaching out and joining programs and I'm reading This Naked Mind and my boyfriend and I are working on a game plan to help me in this (and potentially also help him quit smoking). I'm aware. I'm taking the first steps. She looked at me with so much disgust in her face...:/ I'm just trying not to fall into a pit of self hatred .I realize I probably sound super whiny and like I'm making excuses. I guess I just felt like she was trying to get through to me like a personal trainer tries to get their client to get another rep in...loudly and angrily. And again I totally get that she just cares and is looking out for me. And I love her she's a great mom. But she has this very strong opinion on alcohol she hates it because her grandfather was a mean drunk. But she sort of gets holier than thou about it and I guess that's what set me off. 
----------immediate responses--------

My mom isn't exactly like that but she has her quirks even though she means well and is a great mother and grandmother.  My dad had a problem with alcohol and quit and her father had a problem most of his life until he died...She was quite quick to say that I needed AA after a DUI 9 years ago.  (I admit driving drunk was really stupid)  Then when I started going she told her whole family.  I guess anonymity didn't apply to her.  She's frowned on any attempts I've made at moderation and asks my wife and kids about it fairly often...I get that her father's problems and my dad's recovery have affected her but she has this way of talking to me and even more so behind me in this "knowing way".  It's far more my wife's concern than it is her issue.  I'm working on sobering up without involving my parents...She is a wonderful mother overall and my children adore her as a grandma but this way of going about helping me is odd...I will not drink with you today!.. 
Fair play to you for seeing this from her perspective as well as your own...I've been on the receiving end of those conversations too!..Going to AA meetings was helpful for me because I could talk to people who understood alcohol from my perspective and weren't judgmental about it. ..Good luck with sobriety. I won't drink with you today.
My parents both had addict parents so neither of them drink. They are completely unapproachable on the subject. I'm sure it's out of love but that doesn't mean her behavior is appropriate. The folks here are always reliable though :) 
"Don't tell me what to do" is my middle name...And yes 'they' don't understand.  But they do from a different perspective.  ..I was a drunken parent and it scares me how I would not have been able to handle an emergency when I was passed out.  If she grew in an alcoholic home I suspect she's seen some nasty shit...Her tactics are not right for you.  OK.  Go to a counselor or an AA meeting and find someone with a more understanding gentle approach.  But you know what you gotta do...
Sounds a little bit like my fiance. He drinks but he doesn't struggle with it like I do. Somehow he's able to go out have a few drinks with friends and I can't. He's told me I need to calm down and maybe drink some water but for me once I have a few it's game over and the evening will wind up a total mess. I can't stop and just drink until I pass out throw up or actually wet myself. It's got to be all or nothing. 
