-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75bcl5/alcoholism_sobriety_and_relapse_a_letter_to/

.Alcohol sacks off your ambition and drive. When you're drinking you can look at a young couple with their squirming toddler or worn out man in a suit stuffed on the packed commuter train home and think: 'what's the point?' ..As your tolerance to the alcohol increases; the mornings just become a foggy warm-up for the afternoon. Your back aches you look pale your night-terrors become more vivid and unpleasant...After a while your body tells you: 'enough!' .If you brain is willing to co-operate you'll take a few days off. With some emergency diazepam; you sit it out. ..The poison gradually seeps out of your system as you wait patiently to come out the other side in one piece.  ..Somewhere deep and forgotten  a motor of ambition begins to rev-up again; it wasn't really broken just idling. You feel remorse and regret. You look at your peers and see how far ahead of you they are now: Promotions houses weddings cars smug holidays with the girlfriend posted on social media. .Nevertheless with a big push you make your foray back into the wider world.  ..Sober Now:.Mornings are so much easier the sky seems clearer you feel more connected to nature and your surroundings. You smile more often. Your legs feel solid you stand-up straighter you arrive on time. You can look anyone in the eye.  With a clearer head its easier to tackle things head-on. You clear up your mess. You even take the initiative and hold a conversation. You don't miss your hungover whining or symptomatic melancholia at all. You hold your own.  ..The nights are long though finding ways to distract yourself. Now that you have plugged yourself back into the matrix people's remarks are sharper and cut more deeply.   The 'why don't you' 'why haven't you?' comments from relatives or acquaintances add an unwanted weight in your chest.  Your friends' and colleagues' bad behaviour seems to cling to your shadow as you walk away. Their irritating habits spread over you like a rash...Something as simple as a familiar smell as you walk into a store  a random sound on the train  triggers a painful memory from your past. This forgotten and  unpleasant vignette jabs somewhere inside your head and chest like a shard of glass. ..After a series of disappointing and unfulfilling days; you feel particularly alone tonight. You don't want to see anyone right now. You seek solace in you best friend you're favourite poison (which you can afford now of course because you held down a job and savings.) .Your best friend who's always been there when others haven't. The antidote for today. ..Relaxed and comfortable. He turns your central heating on; the warm glow of the television set.  A song you haven't heard in years comes on it takes you right back. You hum along. ..'Things will be alright; you don't really need those people anyway. Screw that goal you were chasing. F**k them all!' ..Weeks go by you settle into a familiar routine. The day's edges are softened and the nights fly by..You feel less stressed about life's niggles because you know you have something to come back to something private you can rely on. ..'It's OK. We're friends again; except we're  just taking it easy and    I'm in charge this time.'..Months go by. You remember some of it. Meanwhile by stealth your old friend has crept up on you. It has happened so gradually that you didn't notice at all.  In fact you haven't been charge of your life for quite some time...Yet again you've been deceived and who's fault is it? ..-No one left to blame but yourself.  ..How do you feel? ..-Terrible..Frustrated hurt nihilistic; you drink more to regain some form of control.  ..'Sorry I can't play today not feeling up to it. Next time!' ..You call in sick to take the morning off. You cancel you plans with your family.  A snowball effect turns into a landslide.  The two of your are alone now you've pushed everyone else away. Congratulations.  ..You feel tired all day. You feel old and weak. Grey even. Everything is a chore.  People look through you. ..That night - after a particularly horrific set of night terrors and leg-cramps followed by the usual 4am wake-up call -  you  run to the bathroom. You see yourself in the mirror. Not looking too hot. ..After passing out you awake sometime in the afternoon. With the visions of hell still burned into your corneas. ..Enough is enough;  you decide to dry out.  You pour your remaining alcohol down the sink - later kicking yourself as you pathetically cave-in and are dragged-out in to the cold night; in order to buy some stale overpriced booze at the only garage open at 2am on a Monday. ..This pathetic cycle repeats itself for a few more weeks. ..This time you commit.  Your friendship has run its course   there are no positives left in this relationship now.  'Get the f**k out don't come back!'..You speak to someone: a doctor a relative attend a group meeting: Cigarettes coffee the occasional diazepam   whatever   anything but alcohol.  The first day without touching a drop is a little triumph. You build on it. ..Three days in you feel naked and sensitive but better  even accomplished. Your apartment gets its first clean in a while. The gym gets a visit.  Your motor starts to rev again   ..What will you do differently this time? You're not getting any younger. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post I enjoyed it a lot. Thanks!!
Thank you for posting this and sharing your honesty.
"People look through you." In hindsight this feeling took much more of a toll than I gave it credit for. Now I make it a point each morning to look myself in the eyes and say "hello". I cannot expect other people to see me if I choose not to see myself...Great post. I am sincerely trying to do sometime different every day even if it's to take a new route to the gym. ..One thing that I will not change is that Today I will not drink.
Saved this cause it's exactly what keeps happening!!
Fantastic. Need to pour some sugar in that motor..
beautiful.
Thank you for sharing!
thank you.
This is getting saved. Brilliant. ..That explained my last 9 months perfectly and on the day I came back. ..Thank you. Perfect timing 
It's gotta be number one.  It's gotta be about me for me.  Gotta want it more than anything else.
Also saved this as I can relate very strongly and believe it will be immensely helpful to re-read when I feel like giving up/giving in. .Thank you so much. .I will not drink with you today. 
Beautiful. I'm printing this out and hanging it on my wall. Thank you. 
Great writing. Keep it up. 
Very well written thanks for sharing.
I'm Going through this now. This was stellar! 
This has been the last two effing years of my life and I tremble of the thought of going back to the bottle again. I know it will be worst than this last round and it was horrific. 
This was a powerful post thank you for sharing. Your words elegantly paint a vivid picture of the omnipresent surreptitious "friend" in a bottle. This speaks volumes thanks again for the reminder of where I was 8 months ago. 
Jesus I never really add anything to SD only reading occasionally now but I am incredibly impressed by your post. This is succinctly the same story I've told and experienced myself including the all the lies and the landslides...Thank you for sharing this it is cathartic reading something this naked and true.
Captures the loneliness and greyness perfectly thanks for writing and sharing.
Saving this for when I struggle. Excellent way to describe this journey
awesome post.....so needed it tonight..Thanks
Fantastic post. Thank you!.
I've noticed what you mentioned. I will stop for a couple of days and notice certain memories creeping back in from my past. They give me nostalgic or stabbing feelings on my soul like you said. Smells or even sounds. Sometimes I'll even remember a dream I had and the accompanying feeling I had when dreaming it. So weird.
This was a breathtakingly beautiful post. It felt like these words these thoughts and feelings were pulled directly from my soul and written down with your hands. This is truly heartwarming and soul crushing to read at the very same time. Thank you.
so what shall we do differently this time?.
Saved. 
Thank you so much for sharing this. I can see so much of my self here. 
Thanks.... I needed this. I will not drink with you today.
Vividly true post. Thanks. I needed to read this. 
Well keep a seat on the sober train. I know what you can do to fill those long nights. You can write. Manoh man you can write..Write like your life depends on it. Here's hoping you can draw. With your words and a few sketches... It.Would.Be.Amazing.....Not drinking with you today ( I'm on the the sober train back in the back...)
Exactly.  Beautiful.  Thank you.  
