-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75fhxa/how_do_you_all_cope_with_ppl_who_tell_you_that/

No one except my husband knows my struggles with alcohol.   My friends and family think that I am a social drinker. They don't see the secret drinking or face the consequences like he has to. ..However wot I am really asking is how do u cope when ppl say that u don't have a problem and to just drink less?  ..Have a few upcoming social events and don't know how to tell them I'm not drinking as they get annoyed because we don't get out that often! 
----------immediate responses--------

I just nod my head and ignore them.  I went to a wedding and had know a lot of the guests for 30 years.   When I told them I no longer drank some of the comments were that they remembered me as a good fun drunk.   That's fine but those people don't see the problems The 3am wake up and drink times the lying to my spouse etc. and there is no way they could have.   I know myself my reality and why I don't drink.  That's what I need.  ..I also found after making one of two comments people move on.  
To be honest this is the part I found most difficult the first time around. ESPECIALLY being a woman because people automatically assume if you're not drinking you must be pregnant! Or try to insist that it's my fiance trying to make me not drink. That it's all his idea and not my problem at all. He actually got kind of upset about that the last time. Like people thought he was forcing me to not drink. ..I haven't actually told anybody I'm not drinking yet (apart from the lovely people here!) My fiance tells me I should just try to drink less but that's not an option for me. I can't just have one or two and go home happy. I have to have four or five get drunk throw up argue lose my posessions acquire UDIs (these are Unidentified Drunken Injuries) have a hangover the next day and just feel absolute regret and shame for the night before. ...I'm going to lay low for the next few weekends while I come to grips with the fact that I won't be drinking again what this means how I'm going to deal with it and just throw myself into feeling good for myself. Then I was thinking a group text telling my friends "hey I have a problem. I'm trying to fix it but please please don't offer me alcohol judge me drinking for water or coke and say those words "oh go on. one won't hurt?" " And just hope they're understanding enough to be okay with it. ...I guess at the moment I'm fairly lucky that my sister is pregnant so we can not drink together. Also I have a fitting for my wedding dress next month so I want to slim down for that anyway and wanting to get fit for next year (we have a lot of travelling planned). 
The general advice for early sobriety is "dry spaces dry faces." It's always convenient to come down with a sudden cold and take a rain check. ..Another "trick" is to just tell people I don't drink but not say I have a problem. People tend to argue and debate over any reasons you give for not drinking but just stating your choice only gives them nothing to really debate...Also it is always OK to change and you don't need anyone's permission to do it. It's one of the great things about being an adult (and took me a long time to learn).
This really bothered me after my last relapse. The thing I really remember is that moment when I decided to get sober for me. I remember that horrendous time lying on the kitchen floor sweating detoxing completely fucked up. That was me. Only I was there and only I know how horrid that was and the decision I made there and then..So if someone tells me their opinion on my drinking I pay no attention because they weren't there..I spent a while trying to persuade others that I was an addict but now I just shrug it off. It's not my business what they think of me or my drinking :-).
I am really good friends with a couple. She can really drink. He does not drink often. I told him I stopped drinking yesterday. He paused then said "you don't need to worry about that. It great to be healthy and all but enjoy some drinks".  It clearly made him uncomfortable as well.
Firstly I haven't encountered a situation when I had to "explain" about having or not having a drink.  I say "no thanks I'm fine."  ..That doesn't invoke a long conversation...If there are follow up questions about it (which I've not once experienced) I would say "I think we've exhausted this topic what else shall we discuss?'..Is there any reason that wouldn't remove the issue?
I say (with a smile) that regardless of if I have a problem my life is better since I quit so problem or not I won't be drinking. 
I personally have just started telling more and more people I am an alcoholic. Why lie about what I am?
I understand. I did most of my heavy drinking at home and my friends had no clue how much I drank. I hid how hungover I was. A few friends keep asking when I'm going to start drinking again and I just say I'm feeling so good that I think I'm better without any. Then I smile and sip my club soda with cranberry!  
Flip the script:.The burden is on *them* to accept you as a non-drinker..It's not your problem what other people think of you.
The first time I quit I was pressured to drink and told to "just have one".  I relapsed pretty quick.  This time I just told them drinking was causing my arthritis to flare up and I was cutting back.  No one pressured me since it was "medical".  Six months later and I haven't had a drink and my not drinking is accepted by everyone I run into. My real medical issue was I was an alcoholic and I didn't want to continue to kill myself.  Unfortunately that doesn't seem to be accepted by other drinkers.  I guess it makes them too uncomfortable. Best of luck to you! 
Thanks everyone. Some great points.   Unfortunately the last couple of time I tried to quit I did encounter a few ppl who told me to wise up.   One friend even made me feel guilty for not drinking on a nite out and still brings it up!   ..Drinking is very often wot social events r based on here.  I've been trying to organise some non-drinking stuff to do i.e. Cinema lunch dates (not dinner) etc but someone always says "aw it's a pity we can't drink!"   
Tell them you're happier. Any person who had a problem with that isn't someone you want in your life.
Some ppl actually act offended! Others look at me like 'poor u'.  One of my best friends says there's no point goin out!
