-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75sm74/sugar_and_sobriety/

I'm sure this topic has been discussed ad nauseam on SD but I've really been struggling lately with bingeing on sugar.  I had about 65 days of sobriety had to reset my badge and the last 17 days I haven't been able to get enough sugar.  And each time I inhale something sweet I feel physically crappy and mildly depressed which I fear will make drinking more appealing...I know some are in the camp of embracing the sugar substitute for booze.  I really want to cut down for my physical and mental health.  Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I found glutamine supplements to be absolutely amazing in curbing my sugar cravings which are now ZERO!  
I've been eating more sugar cereal lately - not as big of a crash as candy some nutritional value - I find candy to be overly sweet...I will not drink with you today.
I leaned on sugar a lot too.   I just had to be mindful and back off the sugar gradually.    Adding in more healthy food helps too.     I  found that everything  about recovery  is really gradual but it does get better if I make a tiny step every day.
I try to eat yogurts and honey granola bars etc I feel it may have some nutritional value with the carbos 
When I went for sugar I tried to moderate it by making a rule: Hard candy only and no biting. So I would just suck on jolly ranchers so that they lasted longer. I used to think I was going through crazy amounts of sugar with jolly ranchers so one day I collected all of the wrappers. I had only had about 10 that day. I also made sure to drink lots of water tried substituting for lightly sweetened tea ( agave is nice! plus hydration!) and ate an unlimited amount of veggies and fruit. Another option is to try caramalizing fruit by baking it ( granted it removes the water but if you have some of that with yogurt it's not as bad for you ). Either way it's doing a LOT less damage to your body than alcohol and eventually you can work on that. 
