-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75t0ss/dealing_with_feelings_of_anger/

One of the mental problems I struggle with is ruminating over how somebody has wronged me and imagining conversations with this person. I imagine a conversation with somebody in my head and us arguing about something and I get more and more angry as the argument escalates. Its a physical sensation a tearing in my gut and it causes me a lot of discomfort as I know that imagining these conversations with people is completely pointless and destructive. ..An example:  A business deal I'm part of has soured and I feel that the other person involved owes me a reasonable amount of money. I ruminate over this a few times a day imagining myself arguing with them. ..I do meditation sporadically and really want to get to a stage where I can quash these thoughts / emotions immediately but currently this skill eludes me. ..Does anyone relate to this?  These are the kind of emotions I struggle with sometimes in sobriety. ..EDIT:  I just read an article about this:..https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-squeaky-wheel/201306/the-seven-hidden-dangers-brooding-and-ruminating
----------immediate responses--------

Removing the alcohol from me lef me with alcohol-less "ME"...That was the good news...Because then I could work on my "Big 7": fear resentments impatience intolerance guilt pride and anger...I went to meetings and got tools to process those issues and how to be mindful conscious and purposeful in my choices...Now I'm angry infrequently.  I have much less drama and chaos in my life!
I do relate to this. Like you i try to recognize when it is happening and take a breath and interrupt the stupid arguing. ..Would writing down the thoughts help maybe? ..I am listening to more soft music now too. 
Of course it's completely pointless and destructive -- it's also entirely human. We all have those resentments and imaginary conversations where we make the person who hurt us either see the light or just put them in their place. I think there are probably a million sitcom episodes about that -- the perfect comeback you think of 2 hours after the insult. Meditating is good -- maybe some upbeat music you like too? I find that something that gets me singing along shuts down my ruminative brain. 
Wow- I really identify with this and I think I really needed to read this as a wake up call so thanks for sharing. Sometimes I focus on everyone else's contribution to whatever problem I'm brooding about and forget to focus on the only thing I can control which is me....
Absolutely! I HIGHLY recommend checking out Byron Katie and doing 'The Work' - watch a couple YouTube videos and then do 'The Work' on what makes you angry. Also Louise Hay's book 'You can heal your life' or 'The power is within you' - definitely talks about dealing with anger! 
