-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75u364/is_it_selfish_of_me_to_get_a_dog/

I'm very early on in the recovery process. I'm seeing an addiction counselor tomorrow and am actually going to be serious about recovery. I was brainstorming things in my life I could fix to make myself happier and healthier and I realized that I am lonely. ..I am in a good relationship and I have friends who I text a couple of times a week and see a couple of times a month so I shouldn't be lonely right? Well I'm an introvert and I live alone. I also only have classes 2 days out of the week and I have the rest of the week free. It is hard to get out of bed often because I am in such a depressive state. ..I love dogs and I think I would be so much happier if I had someone excited to see me when I got home and someone I could cuddle when I'm feeling down. I also think it would give me more motivation to be responsible and accountable about my drinking if I have to walk feed groom and train a dog. ..I also know it's selfish because relapses do happen. In case I fuck up I don't want a dog to suffer. But I feel like a pet could really help with my loneliness. ..Do any of you guys have pets? Would you mind sharing what role they played when you were drinking and what role they play in your recovery?..You guys are the best.
----------immediate responses--------

Dogs are a lot of responsibility.  As long as you can be home enough to train them and spend time with them I think it's a great idea.
I had to start with a plant.  The first couple died.  After one lived I began to move up the chain.  I needed to learn to take care of myself first.  Now I have dog new wife two steps and aging parents to care for.  Some days the plant phase has nostalgic attraction.
I have two dogs and to be honest sometimes they are the only reason to get out of bed. They need to be loved walked fed etc...They are alot of responsibility. ..My sponsor also shared that her dog is a big part of recovery.
I have a 9 year old boxer named jack and a 2 year old chihuahua named Indy. I love my boys!!!  They are always here for me for snuggles and love. I couldn't live without them!  
