-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75xps7/went_to_a_vip_theater_and_struggled_but_only_had/

...ginger beers...I went to a VIP Theater where they serve food and drinks and have ultra wide seats with extra leg room. We went to see Blade Runner 2049 (omg fucking amazing they nailed it! Top 10 sci-fi film for me easy. If you loved Blade Runner you will enjoy this movie. Nearly every shot was a work of art). My friends all enjoyed a brew and burger I flipped to the non-alcoholic drinks and was pleasantly surprised to find  The Great Jamaican Ginger Beers of which I ordered two. They were fantastic! A pleasant spicy that actually burns like alcohol would. Some of my friends were curious and tried it they agreed that it was better than anticipated...BUT The thought did cross my mind at the beginning when we were ordering our food and drinks that *"damn I wish I was still drinking because they serve some nice beers here."*..  After tasting the ginger beers though I realized *"what would be the point of having alcohol right now?  What is it about alcohol that would make this experience better for me?"* and I didnt have an answer. If I had chosen to drink I know I would have more than two. I would have not had the same level of focus on the film which may have hindered my level of enjoyment. I know that I would have craved more when the movie was done. I would have definitely had another in the bar outside the theater (really cool and cozy place) which would have resulted in me leaving with a buzz and having to drive home for 45 minutes...No. There was nothing about this experience that would have been enhanced with Alcohol. The film was incredible the food was pretty good the ginger beers were satisfying and I had a good time without drinking. I got razzed a little by a couple people but they still have that mentality I once had as well. Old me would have razzed new me as well so I just roll with the punches and got home safe.
----------immediate responses--------

Love this!  Sounds like a great experience and you got to fullly experience it!  I'm the same if I had started I would have gone on and on -- if not at the venue then I'd rip into the wine on hand when I got home.  Much nicer to remember it and feel good in the morning.  Can't wait to see the film!
Am a new fan of ginger beer too. Had one yesterday while my SO had a margarita. I noticed that even though it came in a tiny can I sipped it slowly and had plenty to last through the meal. If I'd ordered a margarita it would have been sucked dry 1/2 way through the meal and I'd be thinking about what I could drink as soon as I got home to keep sustain that light buzz. My SO came home and slept it off while I got stuff done and drove carpool. Felt good! I will drink ginger beer with you today but I will not drink alcohol with you today!.P.S. Have you tried Q Special Ginger Beer? Yummy!
Thank you for this. How long did it take you for the withdrawal symptoms to subside? And how long did it take you to sleep better?
