-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75xrsf/signs_youre_at_risk_of_a_relapse/

I got sober in mid-June and this wonderful subreddit is a big reason why. In the months since I've contributed a handful of posts documenting my joy and relief with sobriety as a way to reflect on my journey and possibly inspire others. But it's hardly been a seamless process and I've encountered a bit of anxiety over the last few months about it...But I'm still new at this. So today I'm curious to hear from those who have been sober for long stretches before relapsing. What are some signs that you're particularly vulnerable to relapsing? What are some things you start thinking? ..I know the real answer is that everyone is vulnerable always. But I'm interested in hearing from people who have relapsed and climbed back on the wagon. What happened? And how have you prevented it from happening since?....
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I was talking to my sponsor about this the other day and she was talking about taking sobriety for granted thoughts that minimise how bad things really were before you stopped drinking and getting complacent. I'm in AA so for me that last one means not reaching out to other friends in recovery and not going to meetings etc.
Feeling extra happy and confident letting your guard down at that time.
I had a year under my belt back in 2005 and the thing that started the initial backslide was I started forgetting my reasons for quitting in the first place. I forgot the hangovers the shame the uncontrolled urges the time lost etc. Instead of keeping what I wanted for my FUTURE in the front of my mind and reinforcing those goals I started thinking about how much fun I believed I'd had in the PAST. In short I stopped moving forward...It's true: to be sober we have to stay in the PRESENT and deal with what is going on day to day (one day at a time) but we also need to keep our eyes fixed firmly on the prize which is our future self: what we hope and dream our lives will look like by staying sober. When I stopped doing that I started romanticizing wine again.
* I let two or more of my good habits/routines slide for more than a few days...* I isolate myself though not necessarily consciously...* I let my moods run roughshod over me rather than separating feelings from actions from reactions. Some of my relapses have even come in the wake of being extremely *happy.*
Everyone is vulnerable always.  However I find that people that relapse just leave the "center of the boat".  Like stay connected plugged in and accountable to folks.  Be honest as you can be with some and totally honest with others...Follow suggestions and talk about when you are triggered or have cravings.
[removed]
When I started drinking again I always had dreams about drinking when I woke up from the dream I would always argue with my self wether or not I should drink. In the end I did but at least I have things under control or so I think.
I've never relapsed but i came damn close. ..I had been through a lot of shit in a short period of time. I basically started isolating falling in to old habits self deprecation thoughts of suicide. But luckily i pulled myself out of it started going to meetings almost every day started reaching out to other alcoholics and picking up new service commitments. ..Now i have a "high ranked" (though not authoritative) service position i'm active in young people of AA (ypaa kind of a subsection of AA) i go to a lot of meetings mostly only talk to alcoholics and am a lot happier than i was. Not wanting to kill myself is a pretty good thing. 
relapse ends with the drink. keep active and keep doing what you gotta do. 
Multiple years of sobriety and relapsed...Fantasizing. Getting off routine. Eating poorly. Isolating. Sitting in your emotions (tragedy porn). Impulsive behavior. Buying shit you don't need. (For program peeps) Not going to meetings/talking to sponsor/hanging it up after going through the steps. Future tripping. Living in the past. Forgetting your last drink. Removing layers of accountability. That about covers it for me!
Not paying attention to my mental health puts me at risk... ..Not getting regular sleep puts me at risk... ..Complacency puts me at risk... 
Being hungry puts me in risk. Not having enough sleep does too. Also I feel I'm unstable when something really bad happened but the same goes for something excitingly good like getting a job of your dreams. In short moderation is a key for me. Not in drinking! But in everything else. So keeping myself well fed fit getting my 9 hours sleep each night and trying not to be extremely upset or happy.
Letting my emotions get the better of me. Letting myself think that drinking makes me more interesting that I need to drink to be good in social situations that not drinking is a sign of weakness or not being able to control myself. Getting caught up in the romanticized version of drinking that only exists in my head and has never happened in real life. Also the last time I relapsed it was after a few weeks of increasing existential dread - I had been sober for 3 months at the time the pink cloud was gone and I was wondering what the point was of anything why I still felt anxious/depressed why I was still wasting a lot of time doing nothing - I was basically spiralling without doing anything to stop it and drinking was the next logical step because I desperately wanted to get out of my own head and get away from myself. This time around I've had a few periods similar to that one but I try to recognise it when it happens and do something to get back on track without resorting to alcohol.
I've been trying to stay sober and only had a week or so under my belt when I drank last night. I was having an awesome day and was manically happy. It always seems like that is when I want to drink the most. I guess happiness is a trigger for me. Thanks to this subreddit I now recognize this. Here's to trying again! I will not drink with you today. 
I start getting envious of others drinking..I daydream about having a nice bottle of sake or a good shot of tequila..I start engaging in escapism behavior with other things like TV or food...I will say I never relapsed but I definitely feel vulnerable at times.  I have to recognize what's going on and meet those feelings face-to-face by playing the tape forward and imagining what will *really* happen if I have "just one".  And then I let myself have a treat or do something else that feels decadent.  I also come here on SD to remember and be inspired.
I volunteered at a treatment center every week for five years.  When someone relapsed after meaningful sobriety we always asked them to describe what happened.  The answer was so uniform it was amazing - always the same three things.  "I stopped going to meetings I lost contact with my sponsor and I stopped praying to stay sober."  Then [fill in the blank] happened and I picked up.
My counselor suggested thinking about emotional or behavioral relapse as well--basically recognizing the signs that your emotions or behaviors are back to where they were when you were drinking. If you can recognize your personal symptoms (eg for me it was depression and anxiety) then you can take action to change those conditions before you actually relapse.
The first time I quit it was because I was on probation for a DWI.  During those two years part of me thought I'd never touch the stuff again then the other part thought "I don't need the state to tell me what to do."  I got done with probation in the summer of 2011 and pretty much hit the ground running like I was making up for lost time.  When friends or family would tell me to take it easy I thought they were party poopers and didn't know what fun really was...Earlier this year I got tired of being drunk all the time.  I really wouldn't actually get a hangover until Monday afternoons and those were **hell**.  Staying drunk all week then taking it easy on Sunday so I wouldn't feel bad Monday stopped working and I wasn't sure how many more weekends of that I could take.  That and it was only a matter of time before I got another DWI or really messed myself up in a motorcycle crash...I'm a few days away from 9 months of sobriety and I can say with nearly 100% certainty that this is the better way to get what I want out of life.  My anxiety loneliness and depression aren't completely gone but I'm doing things that I enjoy that drunk me wouldn't have been able to accomplish.
