-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/764cww/my_trigger_is_my_husband/

Well ha I just realized(remembered) my trigger for the constant relapses because right now I am really craving a drink.:-(.   .I need a reset as I now back to only 16 days after another round in detox..I don't want to drink -  physically I don't need one and the rational part of my brain is saying is no but the other part is basically saying F*it.  I am scouring my schedules for a meeting this morning but of course there are none.  I have been going to 2 meetings a day.  I have a new friend whom I adore that I met in detox.  Ironically she was there the same time as me last month and then again just recently.  I feel it was "meant to be"  to meet to her.   But my new friend  my new happiness and my recovery is not sitting well with my husband.   And I remember this same feeling right before  my last relapse.    I was happy energetic and throwing my self into work and recovery.   By of course working going to meetings and socializing.  .This meant I was not home as often.  I guess leaving him feeling neglected.  I don't know what to do.  I am getting the cold treatment this morning because he is tired..I was out until 10 the last 2 nights because the meeting didn't start until 8  over around 9 but stayed a few minutes after to talk to people and look for a sponsor.  I then had to drive my new friend home .   Husband is upset with  me for coming home at 10 the last two nights because he can not fall asleep without me home.    I get it  and would like to accommodate but I can't change the meeting schedule.   But I don't feel it is fair for him to make me feel this way when I am trying to stay sober happy and successful.  I haven't been out for walks with him and the dog the last 2 days either as I did begin my cycle which takes it's toll on me so I am tired.  Quite frankly I am not always fond of the daily 2-3 hour walks as I would prefer to be home to have dinner prepared at a decent hour as yes of course I do still have to do the wife duties of cooking and cleaning among everything else.  ..I am remembering now why I wanted to be gone and away from here to work on recovery  I just feel so much happier alive and am able to be "me".  And right now I am feeling overwhelmingly guilty for my husband feeling so tired again and has to go to work.  ..I am sure he feels neglected and that's not fair I guess. And I am being selfish I suppose.   He didn't ask for an alcoholic wife.  But at the same time I think he has a need to "care" for people/someone or feel needed.   The last few days he has stepped in to help my friends and parents.  All of course needed money so he sent it.  Not that we have the money but I think it was his way of feeling needed and right now he is not feeling that from me.  He is always had to be the care taker so to speak and I was drinking since he met me 2 years ago.  He didn't meet the sober me the drunk me was always needing him or I of course I was always home as since I had been drinking.  I don't know what to do.  But I will fight like heck not to be drinking with you today.  As not even my husband is going to stand in the way of my sobriety this time.  Thanks for letting me rant so early just really needed to keep my mind away from counting down the clock for a drink run at 8:30AM!   Now what to do ....think I will sit here and do some reading for a bit until this feeling passes.  
----------immediate responses--------

so there's a lot in there which is great.  you're figuring things out.  you were pretty open and honest here and i'm wondering if you communicate the same things to your husband?  like about not really enjoying the walks every night?  do you talk to him about how happy sobriety makes you?  it might help him to feel more emotionally involved in your process even when you're not able to be there physically...it also sounds like there's some work to be done around showing your husband who you really are.  you say working on your recovery lets you be able to be "me" and that he never met the sober you.  he may feel like you're becoming a different person and leaving him behind.  if you want him in your life share your process and show him who you are.
Sorry to hear about this situation...My SO knows that I need to place sobriety first then everything else is about my SO and all things follow after that...If I don't have the sobriety everything else will degrade and evaporate eventually...Possibly a question to ask is:  "Would my SO "resent me getting cancer treatments?"  
I'm also wondering how sobriety will affect my marriage. I am hoping that it might make things harder in the short term but better in the long term. Actually I KNOW this will happen but I don't know whether that means we will be together or eventually apart. Since starting to stop drinking about 6 months ago (have had several stretches and have been gradually moving to be a sober person in all ways so a lot has already shifted even though my badge says 5 days) I am gradually getting the idea that I need to LET GO OF THE OUTCOME as far as my marriage is concerned. ..In fact my path to sobriety is a lot about about letting go. I have to let things be as they are let things happen be willing to accept the things I cannot change. I'm only responsible for myself but I'm also staying present and loving with him. Being sober allows me to be more peaceful. ..I do not know if the sober me will be someone that my husband can connect with; I worry that the sober me will be someone who has to face things about our relationship that are unfulfilling possibly to the point of us moving apart. I'm really trying to take it one day at a time... all those AA mantras make sense now and I haven't even gone to one meeting yet. ..Hopefully for both of us we will change and grow and so will our spouses and we will all end up in happy places where we are supposed to be. That is my wish for you and for myself. 
My trigger is my reactions to life. 
