-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/766fgm/a_real_kick_in_the_butt/

I have been doing my hardest to completely cut alcohol out of my life. I have had some ups and downs along the way. Initially I made it 14 weeks alcohol free for a substance abuse course I was taking. I slipped and fell off of the wagon for a few months. I started taking it serious again when I learned from my physician that certain liver enzymes were higher than they should be. I made it five weeks and slipped. Started over and made it two weeks before I slipped. That happened once more and then I returned to my physician to check my liver enzymes again...They were much lower this time but still high enough to be an issue. I was informed that there is a possibility that I could have autoimmune hepatitis which is basically my immune system attacking my liver. The damage that drinking would normally take in about 40 years would take 5 to 10 years in my case (at least that's what I gathered?). ..I stopped drinking this past Monday and this is my first weekend without alcohol. I am on the struggle bus but with the news that I have received I am really trying to maintain my focus. I absolutely cannot have a drink for the next 8 to 9 weeks which is when I will get another blood test and possibly a liver biopsy. Fingers crossed that I don't have to get one!..I am remaining positive because there seemed to be some evidence that I have been improving since I slowed down my drinking. I never thought things would take this kind of turn but I am kind of thankful for it because it really showed me just how dangerous alcohol can be when not moderated. I have not posted a ton on here but I plan to stick around because I definitely need it. I wish everyone the best of luck on their journeys. I also look forward to not drinking with everyone today. My apologies for the long message. I am hoping it made sense because my mind has been kind of all over the place the past few days. Good luck all! 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck!  Stay strong your life depends on it!  I guess I should get a physical  it might help me quit too.  Although I have really cut back.
How bad would it be if you never had another drink? What happens in that world? Your body is sending you an SOS. It took me a long time to "hear" it and act. You can do this!
 We've all been on the struggle bus!  (Love that)
