-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76b9zn/overwhelming_cravings/

I came close last night...I have my partner and my two sisters to thank. My partner put her foot down when I started pleading my case...My youngest sister simply said "come over" when I told her I was struggling. ..I did that and I had nice evening. ..Drove back home and slept through the night. ..Just wanted to share. ..I won't be drinking today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

It's so nice to have support. I'm happy you made it through. Once I engage with a craving I am taking a step back to ask myself what I am really hoping to gain from drinking? What am I chasing? It's strange but I have never been able to really define it. I am chasing something elusive something that I am feeling will somehow make my life just a little bit better. (But how will it make it better? I have no idea.) I then ask myself what I will lose by drinking. After I work through those two questions I have so far been able to get past my cravings.
Well done. Keep in mind that alcohol takes 10 days to fully leave your body. These feelings? They're not *you* they're the physical aspect of withdrawing from alcohol. Your body simply thinks it needs this and should have it like food when you're hungry. Once you're aware of this it becomes a bit easier to separate reality from the tricks the con man is playing on you...You handled this very well. Plus you're aware of a (potential) pitfall now! [Congratulations](https://i.imgur.com/XWR5rQH.jpg)!..I'm not drinking with you today
Way to go Fresh!
4 day is more than I have had in years! Keep up the fight you are inspiring others that follow in your footsteps! IWNDWYT 
Good work.  I just said to the Mrs. "The best way I can describe it is I'll go a day with no booze sometimes two then out of nowhere it is like I'm starving to death and there are cheeseburgers everywhere."
Keep it up!!!
You're so lucky to have that support so make sure you use it. You might feel a little odd but they love you and want whats best for you. Take advantage (there's gotta be a better term) of their kindness you need it. In time you won't need their help but right now you do. 
Yes!! That "come over" brought a tear to my eye. How great; I'm so glad you have people who so gently and clearly get it. And props to you for being honest and then actually taking her up on her offer and letting yourself be supported! Sounds simple isn't. &lt;3
Hang in there. The cravings will subside over time. Think of it like riding down a wave. Recognize it roll with it and let it pass. I will not drink with you today.
That is one great sister you've got there.
Many of those early days were like that for me (first week or so). Luckily I had a friend who I could just say "Hey can I just come over and lie on your floor and talk?" until late at night. (Ha she had a really uncomfortable couch and I have back problem -- but it ended up being the most fun thing)...Addiction is a lack of connection mainly.
Remembering H.A.L.T. helped me a lot early on. Asking myself if my real craving was due to Hunger Anger Loneliness or being Tired and addressing any of that first did wonders to push the alcohol cravings towards the back of my mind...(I ended up eating a lot of ice cream and still lost weight FWIW.)
Stay strong my friend!
Glad you made it through and that you have support.  You can do this.  It gets way easier.
Well done. You're doing great!
