-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76c1hg/30_days_reflections/

When I first started visiting this subreddit I saw all these people with star badges thinking "wow they must really have it figured out.  Will I ever get that far?"..Well I have gotten that far.   I thought I would feel a lot smarter and confident which I don't but at least I've made it this far.   I've had some useful experiences and lessons though.   Some random thoughts maybe someone can use a bullet or two here:..* Visiting and participating here on /r/stopdrinking has been my biggest help..* I tried various other strategies first... tapering moderation scheduling.   Also marijuana and LSD and I'm talking months of experimenting with those other drugs.   I could write a whole post about that I'll just say that they made me drink even more and feel even worse..* When I think about drinking moderately I have to remember is that I never once at any time ever intended to drink for "moderation".   Moderation is just a momentary sick feeling that stands in front of what I really want which is a very strong buzz.   And I usually shoot right past the strong buzz into a darker place that causes unwanted consequences..* My one relapse event 30 days ago was a very big education for me.   It was a shitshow from start to finish.   Some things you just have to learn by experience..* I probably have some lingering effects but I no longer search obsessively on on "when will these withdrawals be over".    It's nice not to worry about that..* But most of the withdrawals are gone..* The "pink cloud" for me lasted about a week.   Learning to live with normal moods.   Some days are heavy lifting but that's OK..* I see smiles on my childrens' faces a lot more.   They aren't old enough to fully understand I was checked out but they definitely notice that I'm back..* I still get cravings mostly they feel like "hey just one day wouldn't hurt anything."    I have a lot of mental responses for that..* The social pressure is virtually nothing.   I just fill my hand with a drink (non-alcoholic) immediately when I get there and nobody says anything..* I still haven't figured out how to fill the extra time in my life.   My days still look as chaotic as an alcoholic's days minus the chaotic behavior.   I need some structure and routine..* Still haven't had any big triggering events don't really have a program not sure how I will stand up to real challenges..* But I can go into a liquor store to buy mocktail mixers without being tempted.   That was a risky experiment but I wanted to try it and it worked..* 30 days feels like a big achievement.   I can imagine 60 and 90 days will feel bigger.   I expect to struggle with the idea that I'm "cured" at that point.   I will remember point 1... I have never once "moderated" or intended to moderate..* Regarding life improvement... it's not automatic.   I have a list of tiny steps to take.   Every day I do at least one of them.    Every day that I take a tiny step is a win.   Even if it's sweeping the kitchen or fixing a doorknob that's a big win.    There were 3 years of my life when all I did was make things worse so taking a small step every day is really a big step in disguise...That's about it... I hope these bullets help someone but it helped me just getting them out there.   Keep on visiting /r/stopdrinking and keep on sharing your experiences and I will not drink with you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! Awesome post!  Congratulations on that 30!
Wow excellent points! 30 days was a milestone for me too. Love that you're seeing your children smiles more. That one bullet earms my heart. Best to you friend!  Let's keep at it!  I will not drink with you today! 
Excellent post!!! Congratulations on 30 days!!..I agree completely about taking a small step every day and that small steps are big steps in disguise. The really add up and things begin to shift in very positive ways!
Congrats on 30 days! Keep up the good work!
Love this!! Congratulations on your star!!! 
Congratulations! 
Well done on 30 days! You ought to be super proud. I will not drink with you today! 
