-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76iejv/a_year_sober/

Well I hit my big 365 yesterday and it's fitting that I forgot to post until this morning. That's because every day gets easier or has gotten easier for me. These days I really don't even think about alcohol anymore. I wouldn't have believed that was possible on day one. Thinking back that first month was by far the hardest part of this journey. I say that so that if you are struggling in your early days you know that you are in the hardest part of your journey. The mountain is not as tall as it looks you're just one ledge away from the peak. ...Those first thirty days whew I can still remember the seething anger about everything and nothing. I can still remember the pangs the fear the self-doubt and the ever-increasing fidelity of some of my deeper personal flaws. ...But every day the chemical dependance was a little less and I could work on myself a little more. Now I smile when I look in the mirror that is probably the biggest change. I want that for all of you who don't right now. ...So if you're sitting there on day 2 I just want you to know that you can totally get to 365. If you've made it through day one hell if you've made it through hour one you can make it forever. You're already done with the hardest part and it is all downhill from here. It totally gets easier gradually but it does. ...I want to thank you all for being here to help me when I needed it and listening to me make my pledge. If you're reading this and thinking about it I can't recommend it enough. It has been the best decision of my life. ...I won't drink with you all today. ...My pledge: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58152q/thank_you_im_done_drinking/ 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. I just went back to my old thread and looked at all the names and other stars that I see now. We did it you guys! 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!!
Congratulations! Awesome! I m in my first month (again) so I cherish your encouragement :-)
Congrats!  Thanks for reposting your pledge. It's inspiring!  IWNDWYT 
Very cool-thanks.
Congratulations. Nice perspective.
Nice work!
"How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world." What a wonderful example you are. Happiest of birthdays to you!
Thank you for this
I just read your pledge - I have never read anything that really expresses so well  how little alcohol does for us - I am inspired by you - I am helped by your post - I am excited to be where you are- it is starting to feel possible ! 
Congrats on your first year!  Keep it Going because the points made in your original thread are as true today as they were then!
Congrats! I had 6 months yesterday! 
Congrats. It has gotten much easier for me as well having gotten to day 146 so far in my journey. I'm looking forward to reaching a full year of sobriety. Thank you for your post!
Congrats and happy birthday! 
Congratulations! 
Congratulations!  Thanks for telling me it gets easier.  
A year is outstanding!  Congratulations!! 
Congratulations! A day two here and wow am I thanking you for keeping my motivation going!
Good to know!! Thanks.
Well done you :)
