-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76ipq9/am_i_crazy/

Last night my friend was cooking us dinner. When i looked up I saw him reach into the cabinet and grab out vanilla extract. I watched him put a dash in and felt uneasy. I ended up eating the food but for some reason have felt guilty ever since. I dont plan on relapsing and going back to drinking but I cant deny how much better I would feel having avoided it all together. I mean I switched to alcohol free mouthwash for crying out loud. ..I know I would never eat a wine soaked roast or a dish made using beer. But I never thought vanilla extract would throw me off my rocker like this. ..Any advice or opinions? I think next time ill just speak up to avoid this feeling. But where do I draw the line. Do i use rubbing alcohol to disinfect cuts? Ugh. 
----------immediate responses--------

Most alcohol will burn off during the cooking  process. Heat and time are the key. A quick flambe won't do it but alcohol will burn off (become inert) after 20-30 seconds. Don't sweat it. .D. 
Feeling uneasy with the vanilla extract could be a sign that you are still being vigilant in protecting your sobriety. That's awesome. ..Everyone is different when it comes to issues like this. Some cook with alcohol use alcohol mouthwash etc and it doesn't bother them. Others avoid all products containing alcohol entirely. It's all about your comfort level. ..I've had a similar experience. I was really sick with the flu and had some Niquil and felt kinda drunk. Now I know that I can't use it anymore.
I don't eat food that contains uncooked booze. Depending on the dish I might not eat it even if it has been cooked... like sauces that taste of wine? Nope. Vanilla wouldn't bother me but that's just me. Whatever you feel comfortable with is how it works (for you). 
Bluntly I do think this is an overreaction...There was no intention on either cook or you to instill intoxication...You of course can't help your feelings but this seems to me more indicative of a dangerous thought process ..It would be like.....being afraid of a small kitten after being attacked by a large rottweiler. Yes the kitten has fur and teeth like the dog but in much smaller and not dangerous quantities. ..This kind of fear around booze is dangerous IMO. It can lead to irrational dangerous behavior (there was a post about someone housesitting who got upset alcohol was in the house so she threw it all away. So in other words destroyed someone else's property and betrayed trust for her own issue) OR it can cause people to feel so overwhelmed by their feelings they start drinking again because they hate feeling afraid.
We all need to make our own road for these kinds of alcohol uses. I don't like using alcohol mouthwash but vanilla is ok for me. Good job on your 204 days. I'm worried about the Nyquil issue with cold and flu season coming up but I will make that call then. 
