-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76n01c/6_months_ice_cream_illness_happiness/

Finally have my shiny 6 month star. I never thought I would make it 6 months. I often find other people`s stories give me inspiration so here is my blip: .45 year old mother of two and been drinking since high school (dont even want to do that math yuck). In college moved on to the regular/binge type drinking. That basically continued to varying degrees into adulthood. The last few years have been especially bad. I think as the kids got older I had more "me" time and spent basically 6 nights of the week drinking 1-2 bottles of wine. That meant 6 days a week of absolutely horrid hangovers. I was always just lowering the bar to do the basic minimum to get through the day. Not a fun way to live. I was miserable and knew that I was slowly and surely killing myself. .6 months ago I had just had enough. With this subreddit being my major form of support I quit. Until then my personal best was 18 days and after that stringing together 2 days was pretty rare so who would have thought I could make it to 180! .This time the difference was checking in here literally every morning when I woke up every night before bed and throughout the day reading others stories for inspiration. I also play the tape forward religiously. That really really has helped me this time. Whenever I try to romantizice drinking playing the tape forward slaps me back to reality. I know what is waiting for me if I choose to drink. .That brings me to ice cream. Ice cream got me through some bad cravings especially in the beginning. I was okay with this because I figure if I am not drinking then I am on the right track. I wanted to speed up the weight loss a bit so have parted ways with ice cream for a while but for my 6 month celebration I had a nice big bowl of it!!.Illness. This has really thrown me for a loop. (Non-drinking related) health issues for me and other members of my family have been very trying. Sometimes I really struggle to get through the day to be honest. The worry just overcomes me. However even with all that stress I know that drinking will not help or solve any of it and will only leave me with a hangover and self-loathing on top of everything else I have to deal with. It is kind of ironic that I make this huge step to quit drinking for me and my health and then all this other stuff comes out of the woodwork at me. Such is life. .And then happiness. I am so so happy that I made the decision to quit drinking. Life even with all it throws at you is so much infinitely better when you dont drink. Waking up every day NOT hungover and NOT hating myself is just the best gift I can give myself and my family. .This has gotten very long but I just wanted to share my story in hopes that it can motivate someone. Thank you all as always for your support and thank you for taking the time to read. Happy to not drink with all of you today!
----------immediate responses--------

I could have written this but I'm only on day 15 or something. 
Congrats! IWNDWYT  
I'm sorry about your illness but glad to hear you are coping without drinking. Yours is a huge accomplishment! IWNDWYT!!!
Thank you for this. Very similar to you but still waffling in decision to quit. 
Wonderful post thank you for sharing what you have done to stay sober. Congrats and keep it up!
Wonderful post; thank you so much!
15 days is great!! 15 hangover free days is awesome! 
I quit when I was good and ready. It took me a long time to get to that point. But so glad I am here now. Hope you stick around  
Thank you! It was a big milestone for me. 
As a 43 father of two with a wine penchant I get ya!..Well done! Enjoy the ice-cream and think how you're going to feel in less than 6 months when you have a year under your belt! I'll happily not drink with you today either.
Congrats on your 6 months!!!
Good to see you are still going strong :)
Happy to not drink with you as well!
