-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76nn04/normal_human_life_is_like_whoa/

I'm 29 years old. I drank from 20 to 27. I've been living life as a sober person for most of two years now. I had an 8-day relapse 100 days ago and for the first six month of these 2 years I drank occasionally. But for about two years I've been living a different life than I ever did before. ..And as a result I've begun recently to experience life as a normal person for the first time ever. I say "ever" because my teenage years weren't normal either even though I didn't drink yet; I don't actually know what was wrong with me it was like permanent high-level depression and anxiety and it's probably why alcohol was so attractive and easy to get hooked on for me. ..Anyway the point I'm trying to make is that normal life is EXACTLY AS AMAZING AS I ALWAYS SUSPECTED IT WAS and I was SO RIGHT to wish and work for finally getting it. I'm so happy to finally feel normal and okay sometimes it's stupid. ..Today I went to a pumpkin patch with my boyfriend and we got carving pumpkins. We cooked Hello Fresh for dinner and picked out our meals for the next week's delivery. Yesterday I went to my grandmother's retirement party wearing a fancy jumpsuit and heals and discovered the Marriott has AMAZING coffee. On Friday I went to my mom's Halloween party and I had a freaking spiritual experience over how much I love my little sister. Thursday night I played cards down at the game shop in a community I belong to and enjoy enormously. I leave the house and the weather matters because I am open enough to the external world free enough from my internal world to either enjoy or not enjoy it. I set goals and take actual steps to achieve them then they're slowly achieved. I make things and arrange moments. ..I wish someone had been there to tell me at 13 or at 26 that normal life can be so amazing. Because until you have it you don't even know you're missing it and rising above the shit inclinations some of us get is hard when you don't know there's life out there. ..This may not make sense to anyone else I don't know. But I wanted to share it. Thank you all for being great and I will not drink with you um ever.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're happy :) You deserve to be.
This is amazing! Totally makes sense to me and I'm so happy for you. I will not drink with you today :)
Beautiful! You sound so fulfilled.
Your words land so nicely. Thank you and congratulations!
&gt; I don't actually know what was wrong with me it was like permanent high-level depression and anxiety and it's probably why alcohol was so attractive and easy to get hooked on for me...Maybe I'm misinterpreting what you mean by this but that describes how I was.  I used to treat it by overeating fast food and candy.  Then I treated it with alcohol.  I feel like I'm starting to deal with life in a more head-on honest way now instead of trying to escape with substances.  It has only been in the past year or two that I've had days and weeks where I've felt normal and yeah it does feel amazing.  I wish I could go back to my younger self and say "Hey how you feel all the time isn't normal and won't just go away. Start doing something about it."..IWNDWYUE..
My 27th birthday is in about a month and this gives me so much hope that I too can have a normal happy life! 
This is so cool. When you typed about thinking how much you love your little sister I totally get it. I was crying watching fireworks on the 4th of July same reason. With family they're so great when they're not irritating the shit out of you...Thanks for sharing and for uplifting thoughts. Not drinkin' with you tonight. 
Woot!
That's awesome! So happy for you :-)
It's like life in HD when it hits.  Now it's just life but it is still my secret weapon bc most people don't have this pov. Best.  
This is truly amazing!  It gets better and better!  You should start a journal about the all the good things that have happened to you since you started your recovery that way if there's ever a bump in the road in the future you can go back to your journal and remember how much better things are now compared to what they used to be.  
All the little moments you described echo what I've been experiencing already in my 11 days of sobriety.  I have dozens of experiences some little and some huge that I wouldn't have had and they are all wonderful and filled with joy.  Sobriety is by far the better life.  Thank you so much for your story!
Thank you for writing this. Congrats on 2 years! I'm 26 almost 27 after many failed attempts in sticking with it. I'm starting with the 90 day challenge then another 90 after and so on just to see how things improve. This gives me hope and job. So happy for you!
What a great post to start off reading on this beautiful Monday morning. Iwndwyt. 
Your write up is very similar to my experience. I knew I had an addictive personality in high school. I didn't want to ever try drinking or drugs. Then college got the best of me. Now I'm addicted to other more productive things but it feels like addiction will never go away. 
Your post is wonderful and made me smile this morning. Blessings.
All of this. It's amazing how wonderful it can feel to do *normal* things. I think you've inspired me to carve pumpkins this week :D . I'm so happy for you. Congrats on your 2 years :) I won't drink with you today
Great post. Life is beautiful without the haze.
No it makes perfect sense.  I was laying in bed the other night and I said out loud to my BF "This is so cheesy but life is just so f*cking beautiful and amazing and I want to cry it's so awesome.  And I'm so sad it took me to long to realize that."  ..Also are we twins?  29 here and wore amazing jumpsuit and heels to my gmas 80th party last week.  Sober me was able to appreciate the cake that I ordered for the party was bomb ass amazing.  Drunk me did not eat cake :) 
I'm so happy for you... and only wish it hadn't taken me 20 more years than you to experience exactly what you described. I'm so impressed by the wisdom from all you young peeps! For me better later than never. Let's not drink together today :)
Thank you for writing this I want to get where you are :)
I like this post
This is so rad. Maybe my favourite thing I've ever read on here. As some one only a couple years younger than you I can envision myself where you are now so thank you. I hope your day has been beautiful.
This is beautiful!! Congrats!
It does make sense! I really love how you put it into words you should keep writing! Beautiful :) 
Thank you for posting this it makes perfect sense to me. It really is an awesome feeling to experience life as a normal person and your post reminded me how much I have to be thankful for. Have a great night &amp; thank you again!.
Makes a lot of sense to me. Thank you for this post and congratulations! 
