-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76q8r1/a_question_about_kombucha_na_beer_tinctures_and/

Some hardcore folks in recovery avoid things like these (even mouthwash) from fear of relapsing. Does anyone have any experience with this? Have you ever used something with trace amounts of alcohol and fallen off the wagon? Just curious...
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone's sobriety is their own. How they define things and how they see things. I know many people who will avoid anything with anything in it. I personally don't worry about it. I use mouthwash things with trace amounts even cooking wines. For me it's not getting drunk or actively drinking. 
I've had NA beer during previous six day bouts of sobriety but it didn't work. Turns out unless I'm getting numb I don't like the taste of beer!..I don't have any alcohol in my house at all but that's just my preferance. I have drank mouthwash before and keep a dry home now. Just puts my mind at ease.
No trigger for me...NoNE at all. My desire is to get smashed. 
I use regular Listerine and drink kombucha. Hell I even take communion in an Episcopal church a few times a year. No relapses yet. I still hold that non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics though. 
Echoing sentiments that this is going to be person to person. I was off the sauce for over a year--in that time I used mouthwash every day and had kombucha occasionally. I never associated that with boozing. 
If you only had a few months in instead of almost a year(!) I'd suggest staying away from all of it; but hopefully now you know what might trigger you.  That being written and to quote u/size16french *"I still hold that non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics though."*
I drink Kombucha all the time. I love it. Everyone is different and you need to do what works for you. ..I stay away from NA beer though. To me it's still beer and still in that category. .
I drink NA beer because I genuinely and occasionally enjoy a frosty mug after a run or during a football game. (I've tried ginger beer and NA cider...not for me.) Back when I was drinking it would take me a month to go through a 6-pack of beer so I'm pretty comfortable with the O'Douls %. I'm no beer connoisseur obviously. Beer was never about the buzz for me...Drinking for me was about getting plowed as quickly and deliciously as possible so wine or liquor took a lot less volume and time to get to that state than beer. I don't associate beer with getting drunk; it's the one alcohol that I can consume responsibly but since I don't drink I stick with the NA...It's different for everyone I think.
I don't have a problem with Kombucha there are two kinds at the store one that requires ID to purchase and one that doesn't due to the alcohol content. I just get the one that doesn't require ID. I have never felt anything like a buzz from it and it doesn't trigger me. Agree with the person who said NA beer is just empty calories and mainly not worth it. 
I'm more of a weekend binge drinker so NA beer have been fine for me and hasn't caused a relapse yet. This was my first weekend not drinking and  I was out with my fiance on Saturday night. We watched the Arsenal match got some dinner and went for a stand up comedy show. I just couldn't drink pint after pint of coca-cola lemonade etc and wanted something a bit more grown up. Unfortunately at the comedy club they didn't have many left and the two the barmaid put in the fridge for me were snapped up be somebody else. So I had to have cokes and lemonade there too. Oh well. ..Really depends on the person. 
I will happily drink kombucha but I do buy alcohol-free Nyquil. In my state wine isn't sold in the supermarket but cooking wine is. I still have cooking wine in my house although I haven't used it. It doesn't bother me that it's there. 
I avoid consuming alcoholic drinks/foods... Too much at stake. ..I don't fret over mouthwash because I spit it out. 
This is a little morbid. I have people who have been so desperate for alcohol that they drink things that aren't intended for consumption. It's a really really bad idea. It can be a deadly idea. If you're tempted by it best to get rid of it completely before a moment of weakness puts you in the hospital or the ground. 
I drink zero alcohol. No NA beer or anything else. In fact when I order a pellegrino out at a restaurant I even request a plain non-stemmed glass.  That's just me. ..I just don't need any sort of trigger. Sobriety has been way to good to me to mess it up. ..And this vigilance continues at 200 days.   ..Having said all that mouth wash never registered as alcohol in my brain. I guess it is for sure but it just never seemed like it to me. 
Kombucha is my favorite thing to sip on when chillen with my friends (who are all drinkers).  It's a perfect (delicious and healthy) replacement for other bubbly fermented drinks.  It looks just like a beer in a glass.
I've used all of the things you've mentioned and never been triggered. Lately though I bought some bitters to have with soda (yeah it's alcohol but you only use a few drops) and discovered it was made with rye as the base. It tasted like whiskey and soda! My reaction was definitely to want more so I'm off bitters now. Other than that I'm nearly 3 years sober drinking kombucha and the occasional NA beer and never been triggered.
I made kombucha and tinctures for years before I was a drinker and as an herbalist I still make tinctures. My only association with them is as medicine. I could switch to vegetable glycerin if I felt it could be a problem so there's that option. Doesn't work quite as well or keep as long but works. ..I think this is all very unique to the person. There's no doubt that twenty years of exclusive associations with tinctures as healing agents affects my perception and makes them feel beyond safe to me. If your dentist gives you nitrous you don't freak out about falling off the wagon--you associate it with medicine and it stays there in that white room. If you *do* associate the nitrous with partying and it makes you want to go party you inform the dentist you can't have nitrous. ..So if you truly apprehend your tinctures as medicine only it could be perfectly fine. You should just honestly suss out your associations and see where you are and if there are any grey areas you can use vegetable glycerin. ..Nonalcoholic beer is different to me because it is trying to be beer and trying to approximate the old pleasures of a drink. That would be hell of bad for me because it would awaken exactly the associations I'm looking to weaken. I don't want to change and stay in the same template of lame rewards for existing--I want the existing to be the reward.
I straight-up will try sips of other people's drinks - I'm not alcohol-averse in theory I'm intoxication-averse.  .(I *have* become a lot more alcohol-averse as time goes on though - since I'm 70+ days out mixed drinks taste like straight ethanol now.)  ..NA boozes just... are not satisfying or tasty in any way though. I'd rather have a fancy local soda or sparkling water if other people are drinking beer.
I drink kombucha because I love the effervescence and the sour taste reminds me of sour beers which I really liked. Also has fewer calories than soda. I drink one a day maybe two on the weekends. Buy it weekly at my farmers market. Doesn't make me want to drink for real. A local bar where I see shows has it on tap too!
**Only you can know what is "right" or not for you -- you'll get the 180 degree opinions on this topic here.** I drink kombucha regularly and occasionally drink NA beer (but I didn't early on in my sobriety because I didn't want to continue the association of the ritual and taste). But it's not a slippery slope for me  My sister also an alcoholic wouldn't even use vanilla extract.  Listen to how your mind and body respond to the possibility of using a substance with alcohol in it.  Does it respond "ooh yes! I get to be bad!" or something like that or is it a true non-issue? 
I drink kombucha - maybe 2-3 a week and don't have a problem with it...I have however stopped putting vanilla extract in my smoothies because I had a flashback from the TV sitcom "Family Ties" where the drunk uncle downed a whole bottle of vanilla extract because he was an alcoholic.  Go figure.
I drink NA beer because I really really like the taste of beer. But I only down a couple before I switch back to my Kroger brand seltzer water (poor man's La Croix). 
