-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76t3qt/service_industry_alcoholics/

Hello all. I've been in the service industry since I was probably 16 or 17 (turning 26 this year). I used to drink every day and it wasn't uncommon to black out most of those days. Drinking every day heavily having a "shifty" after work (free drink as a reward for finishing your shift) coworkers buying rounds of shots etc etc is all extremely commonplace as a server/bartender. Sometimes it gets tough being the only person who doesn't drink in an entire restaurant staff. ..My question to you is has anyone ever read a book or article or anything about working in restaurants/bars and trying to quit alcohol? I'm tired of reading stories about a successful businesswoman who fell down the stairs once and decided "that's IT I'M NOT DRINKING ANYMORE." Or a lawyer who got in a drunken argument with his wife and quit drinking. It's hard to relate to books that write about a successful doctor quitting alcohol putting his family first or whatever. I'm looking for a story that I can relate to. Bartenders like me who struggle giving up their past life of going to the bar and blacking out every night. Anyone got a book suggestion for us sober service industry "normal" folk?
----------immediate responses--------

I know plenty of people with long term sobriety in service industries...own restaurants and bars..stay sober...the ones I know are Alcoholics in AA so if you're an alcoholic and go to meetings I am sure you will find them there.  Oh and a beer distributor...can you imagine having that much beer and not feeling like you needed to drink it?..Not drinking with you today.
Sweetbitter by Stephanie Danler is great for the NYC waitstaff drinking drugs and hooking up. I remember her getting wasted and blowing relationships but don't remember her sober part. I think she just decides to stop drinking and does. The recovery part if there is one might only be 5% or so of the book. Not sure if that is what you are looking for. 
I feel your pain I'm also in the service industry. People love to drink after work   I don't know of any books but I just wanted to let you know I get it! 
