-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76ye6f/4_day_bender_withdrawals/

Is it possible to experience withdrawals after a 4 day bender of alcohol from morning- night? That seems like a short amount of time to experience serious withdrawals but I've been vomiting every day and dry heaving/ shaking. Just wondering if anyone has had something similar happen after a short relapse  thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I'd see my doctor andor an urgent care if I had that sort of symptom.  And yes in my experience that is a highly probable detox experience after a 4 day bender.  
Heavens yes. A four day bender drinking all day everyday for that amount of time wreaks havoc on your poor little system - especially if you've been going without for a while. Regular drinkers would have to stop with a blasting hangover after the first day or so we however have trained our bodies nicely to keep the party going and the damage coming. I've experienced those same withdrawals time and again. Two or three days on the couch with a bucket and endless trips to the bathroom. Be kind to your bod now - stay far far away from coffee and fatty foods drink lots of water replenish electrolytes (gatorade mixed with water and pedialyte if you can get it) and eat some dry toast or saltines. Maybe a trip to emerg too - your BP and heart rate are probably not where they should be. Take good care of yourself.   
[removed]
See a doc if you can. Look up alcohol withdrawal kindling. It is believed that each relapse makes withdrawal symptoms worse.
For me the difference between  drinking 4 nights in a row vs drinking 4 days AND nights is huge. If I went on a 4 day bender while staying drunk 24/7 I would get pretty nasty withdrawals vs barely anything outside of a couple nights of insomnia if I only drank at night...Granted neither withdrawals even come close to the ones I would get after a 24/7 multi-week bender...Stay strong and thank you for reminding me of why I do not drink.
Oh yes. Google the 'kindling effect' if you want to get scared straight. Happened to me many times.
