-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76znrc/girlfriend_dumped_me/

Hey what's up guys? How's y'all day going? Just wanted to vent on here real quick...As an alcoholic I cheated on my gf 3 times. I have accepted that alcoholic me has caused problems that sober me has tried to fix. I accept that I caused problems with my SO due to my addiction to alcohol. ..I became sober and tried to fix things with her and they were going pretty good up until this week. She says her love for me has disappeared and I told her  I don't blame you.  I still love her because she was a big support to me while going through my withdrawals but this isn't my first heartbreak because my old gf of 5 years cheated on me. I know I'll get over this too. ..Each week that passes I am feeling better mentally. To me that is the biggest. When I first quit drinking I was having like a panic disorder. It was insane! Time is passing by and I'm dealing with stress better. My anxiety has pretty much went really down which is great! My professor/mentor said he's seeing the changes in me. I'm talking to my family again. This is all truly a blessing. ..Thank you. I want to thank all of you guys. Your experiences with withdrawals and relapsing has truly helped me a lot. Seeing the inspirational posts helps me stay positive and knowing everything will be alright. You guys are great. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep on keepin' on :).
Kudos! The lack of anxiety is going to benefit significantly. .Welcome back!
Hang in there kiddo :)
You have a very mature perspective on this. With 2.5 years sober I tried dating again and got dumped when I told her I was an alcoholic and couldn't drink it's affected me immensely ever since. In fact I started drinking again about a month later. ..Sounds like you get it but this is a blessing in disguise. Now you get to work on you and not worry about someone else so that when the next one comes along you're going to be a fucking loyal saint with zero whiskey dick in sight!
It hurts man. I've been there before and I'll probably be there again someday. Keep your head up you've got a lot of reasons to be proud of yourself!
