-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7702wd/4_years/

I don't come here that often but since today is my 4 year anniversary I decided to make a post. My past anniversaries were days I was constantly aware of that fact. Today was different. I thought about for a few moments this morning and just now saw the date on my computer and remembered again. All credit goes to the 12-step program. I've been going to meetings for 9 years now and (obviously) had a number of relapses. These days I'm confident and feel good about my recovery. I still regularly check in with myself about how I'm feeling and would not hesitate for a second to take an extra meeting or call my sponsor if I felt wobbly. I'm doing 1 meeting a week nowadays and that's only been my schedule for about 5 months now. Before that I went to about 6 meetings a month for over a year. Whenever I dialed it back to 1 a week I started to noticed it: I just started feeling less good within my skin. I see the facts that 1 a week is enough and thinking little about my anniversary as good things. These days my life is filled with things I enjoy...10 years ago that was very different. I worked for somebody who treated me like shit and I couldn't leave because I needed the money to buy alcohol so I could start getting drunk the moment I got home. Before I found the meetings I had twice checked into a hospital because I knew I was in trouble. That didn't work. The moment I got out and faced that ocean of time in front of me I caved. It was way to much for me. The second time I knew I had to look elsewhere. After a truly awful few weeks and a circuitous route I found myself at an AA-meeting. By far the most important thing I heard was: You only have to come back! I knew I could do that. There was no way I could say I was gonna stay sober but coming back was something I could do. It was an afternoon meeting and to my astonishment I didn't drink that evening. And I did that without white-knuckling it. I woke up the next morning and was utterly amazed. That evening I went to my second meeting and after I watched some TV I went to bed sober again. This went on until I started thinking this was easy lol. Of course that's when I had my first relapse. A few days later I was back at a meeting feeling physically and emotionally totally crap. But at least I was back like I had been told. Somebody intelligent would have learned his lesson. I had to have it pounded into me half a dozen more times over the next 5 years. But I always went back. I never forgot what was said to me at my first meeting. It is to this day what I do when I feel off: Go to a meeting!..The program has given me my life back. Tomorrow I have a billiard match which is something I enjoy doing. I'm a valued member of my team. Thursday I pick up my coin at the meeting I have a service position at. On Sundays I volunteer as a dog walker at a guide dog school. And in a few weeks I turn 50 and have invited over 35 people to a party. I live a couple of 100 miles away from my family but about 10 are coming over. When I turned 40 I never even considered throwing a party. There would be nobody to invite and the effort would be way to much. Time energy and money I would spent drunkenly on my couch. ..I hope my story helps a few of you who read this. Go to a meeting tonight. It is NEVER wasted!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on going the distance and feeling good!
This gives me HOPE! Congratulations!
Man you are killing it in so many ways. Amazing work. 
Well done great work!
so happy for you. thanks for sharing and giving others hope. :)
Wow! Congratulations! I will not drink with you today    
Awesome job congratulations 
Thank you for sharing congrats on 4 years!!
Thanks so much for taking the time to share even though you didn't have to...this helps the rest of us so much! I love what you said - you only have to go back. That's all you focused on and it got you through and then some! I will take that advice and focus on something as simple and doable as that. Congrats and happy 50th birthday! You deserve the celebration!  
Congrats and thanks for sharing your story!
