-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/772kva/before_and_after/

https://imgur.com/hsUwR6s..I was 35 on the left and I am 44 now on the right.  Without exercise I get depressed.  I go to yoga and do cardio and lift weights.  I'm by no means cured just because my body looks better..  I still struggle with a few other addictions not alcohol related but progress is progress and I feel and look way better today because I quit drinking.  You can do it.  Heal your body and give yourself space to heal your mind.  Love you all.  Be safe dont drink and drive even if you drink again.  
----------immediate responses--------

Right on man! You look great! Seeing this gives motivation not to give up and reminds me how much better my life can be! Thanks! And congrats on sticking with it! 
That's awesome congrats! I wish my level of being lazy changed. It hasn't. 
Great work! I will not drink with you!
Thank you for the inspiration! I am in this to improve physical and mental health. I appreciate posts like this because it helps me push forward through the good and the bad. Keep on being a rock star!
You look awesome. Congrats on your sobriety and health and thanks for sharing!
Smokin'!
Wow your pics really reinforce for me the idea that booze just stops us being the people we were meant to be. Definitely motivates me to not drink today thanks :)
WOW!! 
Pure awesome all around in your post xoxo
Great job! I too struggle with depression and need exercise to help me cope. I'm day 1 today. Did stopping drinking help your depression? 
Look good feel good!  Sobriety suits you. Congrats on your journey. 
It hits me at day 3 or so. Then I drink too much and repeat the cycle. Really hoping to keep on moving forward. Good luck with your journey. I think exercise is such a healing balm. 
Looking (and sounding) good man!  Keep up the excellent work! 
That's awesome! 
Congrats! 
You should be so proud! Congrats!
Awesome! Good job! 
Good job!
Hi Chris Pratt
Wow great work! Congrats and continued good fortune on your healthy journey! IWNDWYT. 
You look HAWT! Congrats in your progress 
Congrats!
Dayam you're the poster child for sobriety. Looking good angel!
What a transformation!!! So happy for you!
I currently have your before body.  Thanks for the inspiration.
Watermark our photos so they aren't used by some effing blogger....Be proud of your accomplishments.
Congrats man! I think getting sober is the tip of the iceberg. Looking forward to getting back into running and cycling. Looks like you're winning at life.
Smoking!
fuck yeah!  nice work.  i'm an endorphin junky myself and here I am in my mid 30s looking better than I ever have...
Wow great progress!
