-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/773boi/you_know_what_sobriety_feels_like_to_me/

It feels like freedom.   I'm closing in on two years and the 2nd feels very different from the first for sure. This year sobriety isn't a burden or a struggle. It's freedom...- I'm no longer chained to a bottle and when the rare temptation comes along I think about WHY I'm tempted and get to the root of it right away (tired anxious hungry etc.). No need to pour a glass...- I'm free to make plans at night!  Free to plan on getting up early with a clear head...- Free to celebrate mourn or socialize without worrying about how much/how fast I drink. ..- Free to feel my emotions for what they really are not masked by a fog of booze -- Also free from the predominant emotion of guilt which clung to me every morning. ..Whether this is your first attempt or your 23rd hang in there. Take it day by day or even hour by hour if you have to. I never thought I'd give up drinking. I didn't think I really could. This sub was a lifesaver and if I can do it you can too. It's not easy but I'm here to say IT'S TOTALLY WORTH IT and it really does GET EASIER. 
----------immediate responses--------

Beautifully said.  Yes so much freedom. Thank you for this post!
&gt; Free to feel my emotions for what they really are not masked by a fog of booze..Hit the nail on the head there for me anyway. Booze is an escape from emotion but it only prolongs the hurt; Ripping off the bandaid tonight only to feel the same pain tomorrow perhaps even stronger. ..Congrats on 645 here's to many more! 
Beautiful post.
Christ this place is such a bubble. 
Absolutely 100% All True!!..The chains of my addiction where so heavy that "Freedom" is the best way to describe sobriety.  It was somewhere around the first year mark that I truly realized I was a "Grateful Recovering Alcoholic".
Nice to see you and I totally agree about feeling free. I have my moments but mostly I love the spaciousness and ease of my life now.
Thank you for sharing this I'm saving it. I don't remember the last time I made plans at night that weren't walking to the local dive. Imagine driving 15 miles for a nice dinner or visiting friends that are a decent drive away. Take care.
Congrats! And you are so right. Recently I hit a couple weeks of depression. When I came out of it I immediately thought "ok what damage have I done? What hole do I need to crawl out of? How far behind am I now?" After the sad-fog cleared I immediately realized: "oh yeah I'm exactly where I was! Back to it!" Freedom is being able to get sad and being able to pick right back up afterwards   Here's to sober-freedom     
The thing about having my mornings free (as opposed to whatever time after noon that I bothered to slump out of bed hung over) is such a big deal for me. I'm still not much of a morning person but my mornings are certainly much more pleasant. 
Love it! 
This made me excited about my second year.  I never thought about the further changes.  Love it thanks for posting.
Thank you for this affirmation.  I can't wait to look back from the perspective of 2 years clean.  Freedom sounds so sweet :)
Great post! Won't drink with you today 
I'm struggling with guilt. ..What helped you move past all the rubbish things you did to yourself and others? And at what month sober did you start to deal better with regret?..And well done mate. It's hearing people with time up saying how much better they feel that's getting me through the struggles of early sobriety. 
Thanks so much for this post! I already feel those things and never want to forget why I'm doing this. It really is freedom ! I'm goin to save this. Thanks again!! 
Free to plan on getting up early that's been such a nice change.  Congrats on approaching your second year!
Thank you Ripster I really needed this (again). I'll not drink with you...Congratulations on you upcoming "sober-versary"!!..You Rock man!
It's funny how we easily perceive cocaine heroin and other drugs as shackles ready to burden us but alcohol as somehow liberating and necessary to live a full life...Sobriety is freedom for me too and it's only now I can clearly see how much booze paralysed from living...Thanks for this post!..As the great profit Calvin said: "It's a magical world Hobbes ol' buddy... let's go exploring".
Thank you for this inspiring message from the future - really appreciate it.
Here here! Feelings of guilt every time. I sure as hell don't miss that. 
I love the mornings I was always a morning person like 5:30am morning person.  I have a quiet cup of coffee and get my life in order.  Don't want to give that up.  ..Great work.
Amen!! you've got a week on me and I know exactly what you're talking about...This freedom is 1000 times better than I had hoped for.  And it does get a little easier every day as long as I work to increase the fitness of my spiritual condition. ..I can't wait to see what year 3 has in store for us even though this is only one day at a time.
i saw your title and thought to myself "freedom" before i even opened your post. 100%. 
Free to make plans at night! That totally strikes a raw spot for me. Thank you!
Thank you yay!!
Your post was the ray of sunshine I needed today. Thank you! And let's not drink together today.
