-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/775qd6/doing_a_30_day_happy_dance_over_here_yall_these/

1. Writing down benefits of being sober. Reading the list twice daily and adding to it...2. Journaling a page of mindfulness and re-reading what I've written...3. Reddit SD - every day learning from others and offering encouragement (Y'all are the best!)..4. Books - 30 Day Solution Refuge Recovery Allen Carr..5. Rewards - This month I've been buying myself treats with money I would have spent on alcohol. Next month's alcohol money goes to charity...6. Sobriety Counter App - I probably check it 15 times a day. Love to see the progress...7. Planning - have planned what to do in drinking situations and how to respond to questions also already planned to spend holidays with sober relatives..8. Affiliating - getting involved volunteering saying yes..9. Self-Compassion - setting small easy goals and reaching them being gentle with myself on this journey...The bottom line is that without SD I would not have a day of sobriety. I am so grateful to you all. Anybody who is struggling be it day 0 or 3000 please know that you are not alone. Reach out here you will find help. Thanks to all you kind souls who have helped me. Y'all are all superstars in my heart and I will not drink with you today..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks! This is a great list! Very positive stuff for anybody! I just started rereading Being Sober which I read a couple of years ago. I have to 30 day Solution but I have not been able to even get thru Chapter One. I'm not even sure why &amp; I have made an effor at least 3 times. I am going to get up Saturdaymorning &amp; just force myself to reread Chapter 1 AND DO THE WORK! Thanks for the idea!
Rodeo!!! You did it!!! Congrats on that gorgeous badge!..And...did I hear *happy dance*?!?! Yessssss!!!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic87SfqQAAM
Good morning Soberrodeo!..If someone had told me a year ago that at this time in 2017 I would have gone 30 days without a drop of alcohol I would not have believed them. Furthermore if someone had told me that I would feel great and be very glad I was no longer drinking I would thought they were totally full of shit.  I had come to see alcohol as my life pretty much. I wasn't totally happy or OK with it but had accepted it and felt that was who I am...I have been at least 50% more productive around the house (which is more or less spotless right now) more alert and kind and patient with my elderly parents more creative and sharp at work and a better partner to my SO. But most of all I just fucking feel better. My blood pressure is way down I'm exercising more and even when I'm being lazy I'm doing it because I want to rest and not because I'm weak from boozing...This sub has given me so much help and hope. It has by far been the most helpful tool. Seeing you and others living happy and fulfilling lives without booze makes it so much easier for me to really know that I do NOT need it. Thank you and thanks everyone. I was excited to see my star today. Next stop-- a smile in the star. :)
Great list thanks for sharing with us all. 
NICE - I remember my 30 Day star GAH I was so proud !!!  It was my first time having some hope Congrats to you - so glad to see 30 Day Sobriety Solution mentioned - I used it - loved it !!!
Nice work!
[removed]
Two questions: Can you share some of your tools for #7? Right now I'm away from my family but am already worrying about the holidays...Thank you. 
Congratulations on 30 days! Also great list- I love reading others' strategies and tools it is so helpful. I am getting as little more curious about refuge recovery as I go along. What do you like about it?
Thank you for sharing this! Really needed this today. Congrats on 30 days!
Great post. Keeping track of what's working is key to keeping it up! 
Congrats!
Journalling! I know it's supposed to be really helpful but for some reason I just have this instinctive fear of sitting quietly and *doing* it. 
Thanks for sharing these :) Congrats on 30 days super star!
This is absolutely fantastic! Thanks very much for sharing your tools. Sobriety doesn't just "happen." You need to have a plan and yours is a great template for any of us on this path. Kudos and keep it going!
Many congratulations on your 30 firstsoberrodeo!  I love your list.  Much wisdom.  ..I will not drink with you today!
Saved!  IWNDWYT :)
Congratulations! This is a fantastic list. Saying yes has been a big thing for me this year. I've taken quite a few road trips because of it.
Great and keep it goingI am a few days behind you..We got this! I will not drink with you today
Thank you for the tips! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!! I check my sobriety app many times a day too! Love seeing the progress but also how much money I've saved! Keep up the good work!
Celebrating 30 days here too! Congrats OP! I will not be drinking with you today :P
Congrats OP! way to go! Mindfulness and yoga have been my own lifesavers :)
Great job and some really good tips. I will not drink with you today.
Good job!
Great job and congratulations! Lists like these have helped me too :)
I too have a sobriety counter app. I use Alcodroid and like you I check it multiple times a day. Watching that number go up is one of the only things in my life I have been proud of..Good work!
Good job! 3 more days till I hit dat dirty thirty. 
Happy 30 days to you and me
Congrats!!!! I just finished my first full day of sobriety and I'm hoping for many more!!!! Don't drink with me today!
