-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77d5lx/how_to_cleanse_my_mind/

i am doing well in sobriety. yesterday i spent all day looking at how to make my own natural and organic beauty products. funny because i am so health conscious yet used to pour 10 pints of beer into my body 4-5 times a week. ..i feel a relief from the loneliness i previously felt which was a big part of why i was struggling. i see my family a lot more now. yesterday we played a card game together and had a meal. it was nice. i have missed so much stuff like that from being too hungover...the main issue i have is with ruminating over the past. i think back to things i did and feel a lot of shame. it gets me really really down. does this go away after time? or is there something i need to be doing to actively make it go away? is there any way i can speed up the process?..still 100 days tomorrow. proud to not be drinking with you all.
----------immediate responses--------

I forgive myself. I sit with the bad feelings - like beside them - and think through them instead of letting them take control. I cry. ..I haven't found it to be a quick process at all but I sublimated this stuff for almost 15 years. I will be patient with myself now like I wasn't before...I did some Refuge Recovery in the summer (learned about Buddhism and meditated a bunch) that helped me to change my mindset a little bit about suffering. Perhaps that would help? There's also always talk therapy if that works for you. ..Happy 100 days. Hugs to you. 
Hi good work on your upcoming 100 days...There's many things I think you can do. One of the more overlooked things is step four in AA. That's where you list all your resentments your role in them how they originated and how to work past them...I understand AA is not for everyone. To me I looked at it as free therapy. That's all. It's run by people and people are fallible...Another thing I did over the summer is to put myself in a place I enjoyed (for me this was poolside during the middle of the day) put some headphones in and listen to guided meditation audio...I also developed a practice of meditating through the book The Mind Illuminated. Meditation actually helped me a lot...I hope all goes well for you. Cleansing your mind is something I've gotten better at the longer I don't drink. I don't know. I just don't carry resentments around as much now. Things fall off me like water off a duck's back. I might get frustrated and angry when things happen but I make it a point to voice those frustrations and take care of them before they fester...Rigorous self-honesty is also a good practice. If you're completely honest with yourself you know you've given your best and thoughts don't linger...Good luck to you.
Forgiveness can you imagine forgiveness...love that song from Hamilton. Can you do anything about the past? No. Then why let it take up space in your mind? Learning from past mistakes is wonderful dwelling on them is a big fat waste of time. Switch to a positive thought like all of the great things you are doing now. Wishing you peace on your journey and congrats on the triple digits tomorrow. I will not drink with you today.
I actively addressed my past...I could get caught up in reviewing like a bad movie the scenes of my foibles gaffes embarrassments hurts to others and myself.  That would peg the old "Guilt-O-Meter" and I'd wallow in regret remorse and recrimination...I finally realized that life only expected me to experience an event *while it is happening*...Rehearsing endlessly that which has already occurred distracts me from now...I worked a program that allowed to address my Big 7: fears guilt resentment impatience intolerance pride and anger.
I was pretty messed up after 100 days tbh.  All of the insecurities and guilt I had been drinking away (self medicating) came back with vengeance.  I felt really lost.  My job performance suffered and I was really fighting my demons face to face sober.  I felt like I was losing the battle...I started to see a therapist to work through a lot of my issues.  I started reading Eckhart Tolle and began using meditation apps on my phone.  It took a while but things got immeasurably better for me.  Now I see every day as a blessing and I really mean it.  I ended up getting a new job within my old company and now I feel incredible centered and whole..I basically reached out for help when I discovered that quitting drinking was only the first step to my recovery.
When I heard people in AA talk about shame and the endless chatter inside their head it was the first time I realized I wasn't alone in this. I asked them what they had done to make it better and it was working the steps with a sponsor. That process helped me understand why I spent so much time thinking about my past and other people and what I could do to make it better. My life is completely different today. When AA is done well it is less about commiserating and sharing war stories and more about developing tools that help me live a happy and productive sober life. Have you thought about checking out a meeting?
