-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77djoi/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_karma_is/

I sometimes take these excursions into an alternate reality for granted; unaware of how subtly twisted things are on the other side of the wire.  The officers know us know where to find our "gate passes" so it's routine a little like going through security at the airport without the carry on...Once inside it's a place where time is very different measured in dates to go the the parole board (2 year intervals for the most part) and the past looms large.  In a sense you are defined by your crime...The meeting currently being held in what is a classroom by day where the desk/chairs are arranged in a circle is for these men a place where they can let their guard down - where nobody is trying to test them...One of the men was describing how when walking down a hallway and someone bumps into you just how important him saying "excuse me" is.  Prison is a place of testosterone and testing - a place where shit happens can be very close by. And he was saying how he has learned (over the past 30+ years) not to take it so seriously.  "All I have to do is wait and watch - and he's going to get his. I don't have to be the one to do it. Don't have to be the one going to the box."..Now this particular interpretation is probably not going to get included the next time AA produces a book on how to apply the steps to your life - but it works.  This is not the land of turn the other cheek - so the karma bus comes frequently...Preachybit/ I was sitting there listening but thinking how somewhere there is a family member of his "victim" who is possibly taking some comfort that this man is still locked up.  There was some irony being mined but that does not invalidate this man's journey - or what he has to teach me./preachybit..Another man who is going to the parole board next week spoke of his nervousness - one of the readings had spoken of  "the things we can not change" and the parole board's format and power are certainly that.  He's as ready as he can be - and karma is just going to roll some dice.....Yet another man who has been shot down by the parole board enough times that he is coming up on the end of his sentence - is looking at "re entry plans" and his family is expressing some reservations.  "I can understand" he said "I'm forty three and I've never been a responsible adult."  ..preachybit2/ I got sober at thirty nine and though there were some trappings of 'responsible adult' in my life many of them were quite illusionary.  The good news is I was able to learn to adult at least enough to get by - but it took time - and trial and error. /preachybit2..Some meetings will have a topic and stick to it others like last night bounce all over the place - each is valuable - each has some lessons to impart - one person will get one thing - another will hear something quite different.  It's a lesson on life and frankly I still need to refer to the manual...And very weirdly to in a way be the manual.  - and preachybit3/ *we are all the manual* - those who have a week (which can seem an impossibility to those with no days yet) - are the ones often best able to help the total newcomers - those who struggle and fail teach us of what we need to look out for and try to avoid.  and the men I left behind the razor wire last night teach us all what a next drink could bring us. /preachybit3....
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this post. It's from a perspective I otherwise would never had thought about. How did you become involved in these prison AA meetings?
Thanks Slipacre! Another one to go in your file! Do you tell the guys you work with there that you post about your experiences with them? That there are thousands of strangers looking forward to your next prison post &amp; update of the guys? And lastly have you ever run into any of them on the outside in a meeting or anywhere else?
Great post Slip - thanks!
&gt;we are all the manual..My decisions and actions at each juncture write my next paragraph.  ..Im programmed to think that my choices Will produce events that are both linear and deterministic.  I *want* that to be the case.  As I open myself to what previously was the frightening proposition that I live in a stochastic universe in which small inputs are NOT always linear I recognize that luck and providence have a lot to do with my situation at any given moment...One drink may yield nothing more than a slightly altered consciousness. That same drink may produce a chain of events that yields calamity.  ..Or even that same one drink may not be the proximal cause of a tragedy yet because it was in me at the time of an accident caused by others I could face attribution that could land me behind the razor wire you freely cross...I ain't in control.  All I can do is make the next best decision and act...But Lennon as it right- [Instant Karmas gonna get you](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zekIGdWdOp0) !
Wonderful post as always slip.
