-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77eo9p/the_relapse_started_days_ago_the_restart_is_today/

I drank last night. I could feel the relapse coming on days before it happened. First it was the growing boredom. Then it was the onset of fatigue. (Shouldn't I feel better sober?) The the recognition of how far I have to go to rebuild my life. Then a bad day at work. Then the fuck its set it. I told myself I just wanted a beer to unwind. I asked myself what style of beer I wanted and I couldn't even answer it. I already knew that any style would be disappointing. I knew I wouldn't stick to one.  And then I made the choice to just go get some. On the drive home I started to feel amazing from 18 days of sobriety. I started to regret buying beer. But I got home a drank it anyway. The taste was disappointing from the start but I continued. I hated the feeling of the veil being pulled back over my feelings and thoughts but I continued. I woke up at 2:30AM feeling the full effect of my decision. I poured the rest out and came here. I looked up meetings to go try out because maybe just maybe I need IRL support like people here keep suggesting. Glad to be back. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back TDN!..I won't drink with you today mate.....Let us know how it goes with the IRL support too?..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Glad you're here. Relapses happen and thats okay - what matters is that you keep coming back and trying again. You mention that you could feel the relapse coming on. You can pinpoint what exactly you were feeling - boredom fatigue etc. ..When this happens again what things can you do to stop it from progressing? I think of the trifecta Restless Irritable Discontent and Hungry Angry Tired Lonely. Boredom is also a huge trigger. What can you learn from this relapse moving forward?..Again welcome back. I will not drink with you today.
Glad you are back TDN!  ..Interested in hearing your meeting experience.  I won't drink with you today.
Important research you conducted!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Oh sorry you relapsed. But I love that you didn't like the beer taste my lovely tropical dog and even more - that you are back with us! Stay strong! We can do it. xoxo
Glad your back buddy!  Resets happen. They're hard but we learn. Your body got the benefits of those 18 days sober. I will not drink with you today.
