-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77lhu1/33_days_under_the_belt/

I have relapsed many times. Mainly because of the stress that I cannot drink. During the summer I read the Naked Mind. I was like: oh okay it is not so good. .But after the last drink (3 beers - I did not like the taste and so on) I told myself - nonconsciously at first - you can drink whenever you want. And some days I wanted it bad and then I realized: ok give it a shot but what are you going to feel like tomorrow? You really want to drink something you dont like you hate the taste of it because you enjoy only the first sip? Okay go get it no problem at all. And I haven't done it because my life is better I sleep better and I am happier.  Of course: I am still cautious about attending parties or social gathering where I would not feel good. Which leeds me to another great improvement: I do not longer do things in my life I do not like! If I do not want to go somewhere - I just dont. And this is very liberating. And it also means that I unconsciously accepted what has been written in Naked Mind (sorry for grammar I am not native speaker)..I will not drink with you today! (and thanks a lot for this community you guys are awesome)
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  I like the Naked Mind and am currently rereading it.  It's a good reference and tool.
I have just ordered it from Amazon. I am glad I did. 
Congratulations on 33 days! Well done :-)
Good for you!  That is impressive. Keep up the good work.  I haven't heard of this book.  Is it helpful for life in general? Or was it written intended to help drinkers?   
It is day 33 for me also. I agree 100% with your post. Congratulations Neither one of us will drink tonight.
Happy 33 twin! I totally feel you. I'm not drinking with you today.
Congratulations on 33 days. I'm also on 33 days and have just started reading The Naked Mind. 
Congratulations on your 33 days. I like the idea of not doing things you don't want to - I mean it should be obvious! But it always isn't Sometimes I have felt obligated to attend some event even though I would just prefer to stay home instead...Good luck!
