-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77lhun/i_think_i_need_help/

I can't do this alone. I've tried so many times and keep failing. I have been on and off this Reddit for over a year and have reset my badge over a dozen times. Last night I made it most of the way through the night only to relapse after dinner and drank most of a bottle of wine in under an  hour. ..Going to look up some AA meetings and try to visit one tomorrow. I can't beat this thing alone. ..Thank you all for your help. Alcohol sucks and it's poisonous...I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I certainly couldn't have got this far on my own my journey began in a rehab where I was introduced to AA and also to NA. My preference fell to NA because I liked the more casual approach and also because I felt I got a lot more out of the meetings. ..2 years on I'm still not doing it alone. Today I saw my therapist from rehab again which was quite refreshing. Through NA I have a sponsor and am connected with other addicts going through the same life stuff. Attending regular meetings strengthens those bonds and in time so does having a home group and doing service. But just take it one step at a time to start with. ..My best advice for AA or any of the A's is that it's a spiritual program not a Religious one. For the time being don't get caught up in the God stuff. Worry about staying clean and connecting with other addicts. Do the things that are suggested (at your own pace) and always remember... It's progress not perfection. ..Good luck and as always... I wish you a slow recovery. :)
I feel the same. I'm starting again today. Right here with you.
Keep reaching out keep trying! ..One of the things that has helped me in the past is to make a list of strategies or tools I can use when I have a craving. Some of these are HALTS self care chocolate and ice cream and playing the tape forward. I also found it helpful to read books on sobriety such as Dry by Augusten Burroughs Drinking: a Love Story by Caroline Knapp and This Naked Mind by Annie Grace which is available in the sidebar. ..What are some tools you can break out of your sobriety toolbox the next time a craving strikes?
If possible remove all alcohol from your home. This may be hard if you live with a drinker. ..Write down all the reasons why you want and need to quit. Be honest and recognize that this is a progressive disease. In my case I started as an occasional drinker and ended up drinking at least one bottle of wine plus vodka drinks every night. Didn't matter if I was sick or not. I've never had legal troubles but could have. Carry the list with you. ..Check in here often. Even if you don't participate it helps to see what has happened with others. For me it's kept me humble. You can never say "I got this". It has to be dealt with every day. ..Get a sponsor go to meetings. Make yourself accountable. Unless you are really self centered it may help to feel like your relapse will let others down. ..Recognize that if you have problems with alcohol continuing will make things worse. ..Believe in yourself. 
I'll be thinking of you today. It sounds like you have a great plan to research meetings and go to one. Me I could research things forever and not act on them. Don't be like me in this regard. :) I wish for you to find a likely meeting today or tomorrow and show up. ..I'm glad you're here. I will not drink with you today.
You're  not alone. I have started and stopped more times than I can count. It helps to have as much support as you can find. I'm also going to counseling to try and address my individual issues. 
