-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77ne8z/sober_october_conundrum/

I have a big Wedding tomorrow night for a close co-worker.  Other co-worker has already asked if we'd like to meet up early somewhere for pre-drinking before hand.  Like many of you I have committed to not drinking in October.  If I read my writing this doesn't sound like a conundrum at all I just won't be drinking.  .Sitting here today though I am struggling on how to deal with the drinking before invite and not drinking.  I don't wan't to be anti-social but I don't want to make a scene either.  I was thinking of just nursing a light beer to avoid questions for the first 1-2 hours and being done once we got to the wedding.  My GF is the only one aware of my commitment and she is torn.  She would like for me to be able to have a good time and she will be drinking herself but she wants to be supportive for me as well. She is not a problem drinker. I know I'll feel better about things if I just don't drink which was my easy decision and plan until the invite to the bar beforehand.  Ugh I'm rambling now but just trying to get through the weekend and struggling with this for some reason.  Thanks for all your support and letting me vent.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't speak for your group but I have found in my experience that most people dont even care at all or not nearly as much as we fear. Oddly it seems only problem drinkers are really bothererd by sobriety...One 'trick' I used to use was related to training. If you are into fitness AT ALL a good cover story is physical training...For example even the LIGHTEST beers typically have 100 calories or so. So for every light beer you need to run abut a mile to burn it off...So when someone says something like "Come on! A couple of beers won't hurt!" You can say something like "I don't want two beers enough to have to run two extra mIles tomorrow!" Bonus I even found saying this in a joking manner would usually get some laughs and the subject dropped.
Don't Drink!!  That lite beer would just be a bummer.  Get some cool fruity NA bev and don't sweat it.  Anybody I care to hang out with doesn't give me shit for my good choices and nobody should do it to you either.
Obviously great messages thank you both. I think if I can get through the initial meet up which is more intimate and conversation (questioning me) is easier I will have the strength to get through the night ok.  I'll figure out how to dance sober later.  I know I would feel great Sunday if I avoided nothing (but alcohol) engaged everyone and ate well and went home and went to sleep!
It would also be great not to break my streak which at 20 days is currently the longest since I've begun to remove alcohol from my life.
Part of me can only laugh.  While I list to you and myself all the pros of not drinking at this engagement drinking is what is consuming my thought process! I've already devoted too much thought to it entirely.
I'm pulling for you!.."She would like for me to have a good time"..Does that require alcohol?..I am social and have fun without alcohol.  Are you questioning why you did sober October?
if i could nurse a lite beer i wouldn't be on this sub.  
