-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77nxpb/if_you_hang_around_a_bookstore_you_will/

To our new sobernauts (especially those with six-months or less of continued sobriety) I understand your dislike when advised to stay out of bars and venues where drinking is the main activity.  "Dry People Dry Places" is THE Most Hated advice for the newly sober.  I get it --I really do!  Responses include "That's where *All* my friends are and drinking is what they do."  Or "I'm just going to hear the band and dance but I'm not going to drink."..**I'm NOT saying you will never be able to do these things again** but I am suggesting you develop a SOLID foundation of your sobriety first.  If you are still struggling even occasionally with urges to drink testing your willpower by going to a bar is not a good idea.  People go to bars to drink.  You may get away with it a few times but feelings can change at the drop of a hat and what starts out as "I will not drink" can easily become "Gee maybe '*One*' isn't going hurt."    ..Going to the bar and hanging out with all my drinking buddies was all I knew.  I've been battling addiction most of my life and thinking I could continue this same activity just without drinking never worked for me (I think I made it four months one time).  Plus those bar buddies of mine didn't realize that once I left the bar I was stopping at the convenience store to pick-up a 12-pack so the "real" party could start once I got home...When sobriety became my only real solution to the problems I was having I had to develop new interests and activities and find new friends whose idea of a Friday/Saturday night was not shooting pool/playing video games at the bar.  It was not easy and I felt lonely many a night.  But I was also extremely lonely and miserably sad being trapped in my addiction too...And Yes there will *Always* be that party/special occasion you must attend where people are drinking.  For those who are newly sober we give great advice on making it through the night.  And Yes there is always an exception to every rule but I'm willing to bet 99.7% of those with long-term sobriety advocate Dry People Dry Places...I don't remember who wrote this but it went something like "You'll know you can go out to a bar when you finally realize you don't want to be there."..Thank you for reading and just for TODAY I join you all in not drinking..
----------immediate responses--------

So true. Am I being a party pooper if I say that you may be young now and bar hanging may have been your main social activity I mean I did that when I was young far too much of it in fact.  But for many people most people that lifestyle wears out anyway.  Most people don't want to be in their twenties and think to themselves the story of my life will be that I will always love being in bars getting drunk and I want to be doing this when I'm 40 50 60 70!  Steering away form bars is not only good for sobriety it kind of happens naturally for most people as they get older.  Be yourself.  If you are miserable from drinking find some dryer spots.
I needed this. Thanks for posting.
 &gt;"You'll know you can go out to a bar when you finally realize you don't want to be there."..Sums it nicely!..Sorta like going for a bank loan.  "We'll loan you the money as soon as you prove you don't need it ". ..... ;D
Solid advice...I have found that really don't like being around drunk people when I'm sober!
So true after a couple of decades of drinking I feel that I've had enough I don't miss it.  It has only been 2 months but over the last year or so i've had some good spell of sobriety but finally I feel like I don't want to be in bars.  last time I met my drunk friends they were loud annoying and they had bad breath and ket getting in my face.  These days I stay home in my house and cook watch TV.  I do have this niggling voice in my head that says your not old yet you should be out socialising but it isn't telling me to go to a bar it just thinks i should be out socialising.  Unfortunately  I've always hung with a fairly bad crowd at least heavy drinkers/ coke users and  party types.  I just don't have an alternative social network. I have cycling and climbing a few friends there.  That will have to do for the time being.   Great advice!
Yup this is how I relapsed last night. Wise words.  Just one  became a whole bottle of wine.
Great advice: "Dry People Dry Places."......this is exactly what I had to do. I still feel s little new bc I am under the 2 year mark but yeah I had to actually just say "no'" and stay in until I got some sober traction under my feet...I am glad you put this out there bc its such a small thing (maybe) but a potential huge stumbling block...Thanks Shine!..
Solid advice! I'm 35 and want to be tired of he party scene but just not there yet - I'll take my 3 days and continue tomorrow as well by not drinking with you today!
Thank you for this. I needed to read this right now.
