-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77p22b/stopping_drinking_1391_days_ago_changed_my_life/

Where to start? Almost four years ago now I came here for advice and motivation. Once again after several relapses scattered over many years. ..That time was the right one. ..My family was starting to break apart two young kids 2 and 5 at the time. My job was not going much better. .At that point the breaking one I made the correct decision . I knew exactly what the problem was and it was the booze. ..Fast forward today my family is strong and happy. At work I encountered an opportunity to go back to my country Canada from London Uk  where we live at the moment. .My contract in hand both me my wife's notices have been given at work.  The countdown has started...Our house has been on sale for about six weeks now. Tomorrow three viewers are coming  one of them for a third time. .We can feel our life changing every passing day. We are thrilled with excitement to the prospect of taking our family to Vancouver. ..I came here to say this for all of you who come here every so often looking for motivation. ..Today might be the right day for you. ..Peace out...
----------immediate responses--------

4 years! That's amazing. You should be incredibly proud of yourself. ..I've relapsed so many times I lost count. I want this time to be different. But I say that every time :/ 
congratulations on 4 years and all the wonderful things that came your way deservedly.   SD saved me too.  My life changed the instant I picked up my blackberry and SD showed up on a search.  I found me.  I can think of no greater gift other than just being born and I have no words for the gratitude I feel.  
#soberoctobert
Congrats and enjoy Van.  It's awesome.
Congrats and good luck going forward.
How have you found lying in London as a sober person.  Do you have to endure any social pressure to drink? How did your colleagues take it?   I live near London been a heavy drinker for decades and have decided enough is enough it's cost me too much.  However I've already noticed people treating me differently it could just be in my head but I'm pretty sure not drinking has irritated a few people and people definitely see me as less fun.
Hey I live in Vancouver! 
Congratulations! What an inspirational story. I want a bit of what you've got! I won't be drinking with you today!
Hell yes! This place is a amazing!!!
Hey Congrats!! You rock it man!..I still feel new and I've been sober for a palindrome of triple 4s:).....It does get better. But for me I still have some twinges here and there...Anyway I am thrilled that your life has dramatically improved. You sound so awesome....and thanks for the encouraging words.
&gt; I came here to say this for all of you who come here every so often looking for motivation...Thank you for this. And congratulations on 4 years! How incredible.
That's awesome to hear both for you and the future prospects you beheld. I'm at a point where I know it's the booze too so much so that I'm currently jobless basically broke and living at my parents at 27. I have a question though what was different about that time that made it the right one? I feel like I'm on my stride right now especially since I'm now on Antabuse however cravings are scary. Best of luck in your future!
This is so inspiring!.Thank you for sharing.
Awesome for you! Thanks for sharing.  We all need these inspirational stories to keep going. 
It is amazing you had a wife who was strong enough to stick with you and support you during that time. I'm on the beginning of a long recovery only getting shitfaced 4/7 days a week obviously can't cold turkey it but... I don't know. I feel as though my addictions have always been more important to me than my relationships with people. It is near impossible to have both for me at least. I guess what I'm trying to say and I'm certain you're already well aware of this so feel free to downvote me if I'm not contributing but your wife sounds like a keeper. I don't know how low your low point was but if it's anything even remotely close to the average I've seen then it takes a lot to stick with someone through that. I know we all have different circumstances but yolo.
Congrats to you and good luck with your journey back towards the Pacific.  Thanks for the motivation.  
I'm so happy for you!..Change is so hard. So so hard. The fact that you pulled this off and made yourself a better person for you and your family is so awesome. Keep on truckin' friend.
Congratulations! Thanks for your motivating post. I wont drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing. I am too familiar with how it feels to have your career and relationships crumbling around you due to booze. I hope to be where you are in 4 years. 
Coca Cola cheers to you! Day 25   
Congratulations! You've made a great turnaround and you've done it while your kids still love you. You don't know how much that will mean to you in years to come. ..I'm 4.5 years today and my life is immeasurably better. working the AA program has helped me identify the changes I needed to make and helped me follow through to make them. I thought I was "edgy"; everyone else thought I was abrasive. I'm a less selfish kinder version of me now that I'm free of alcohol. ..I hope stories like ours inspire the people who are just starting their journey! I won't drink with you today. 
Cheers and congratulations!
I'm In Vancouver too!   
I'm in exactly the same place as you. Not been sober so long and not moving quite so far (England to Scotland) but I really think we need the support of our family back home. Raising children with two high stress jobs is very hard. Drinking whilst doing so even harder.
I'm from Canada too and used to live in London now up north... It's a different culture around drinking here every store sells alcohol. One store even has it in the same aisle as kids toys and candy
Congrats...good on you...London or Vancouver....I know where I would be choosing....! Best wishes very inspiring and just what I needed to read on my Day Two....!
Congrats!
congratulations on all of this!
Amazing.  Congratulations! 
Congrats &amp; thank you. 
Awwww! Thank you for the post. After you stopped drinking did you uncover the reasons you drank and address them?  No need to go into what the reasons were unless you'd like to share.  I'm more curious on what percentage of people fell into drinking because it was the cultural way to relax and what percentage of people used it to relax but also used drinking to hide from true feelings. I won't drink with you today!
Beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing.
Thank you. 
You must be moving soon! Good luck!
