-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77p493/insurance_and_rehab_question_told_i_dont_meet/

Anyone perhaps have experience with this? At the recommendation of my therapist I got an appointment with an outpatient clinic but after meeting their intake representative today I was told likely my insurance would deny paying since I've been able to manage 12 days sober on my own so far and wouldn't meet their "need" requirements?..Seems kind of silly we both agreed I'm at high risk of relapse and this would be best for me but based on the info I gave them and what she's seen with insurance before I'm likely to get denied. We joked that I might have to "relapse" this weekend to make it work?! Anyone heard of this before or have any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I have never heard of this. Very sad state of affairs what the insurance companies can dictate. I work in the medical field and it sooo frustrating the hoops we all have to go through to get our care. Good luck. I hope everything works out for you. 
Yup. My son didn't qualify for rehab because he had never tried IOP's and other avenues first. This was for opiate addiction. Fentanyl and dilaudid. WTF? Most qualify for four days detox and may be a few days longer. ..Keep trying and work with the mental health substance abuse system as best you can. After I paid out of pocket for the kid he attended IOP which was really a lot of AA meetings with a counselor from drug program. I guess I am saying that AA and other avenues are available out there for support. 
Insurance companies can drive a person crazy. They probably have some stipulation that to qualify for outpatient there has to be a problem staying sober. It is more than silly. It means there is little understanding of alcoholism. If you therapist would talk to the insurance company it might help. I don't know. 
This needs to be fixed. No one should ever be turned down for help.
Your insuracne company would approve if you have multiples of these factors.... you couldnt sleep you are having using dreams cravings your living environment does not support recovery you have night sweats racing thoughts anxiety depression no recovery network a recent change in medication or you stopped taking your medication multiple relapses no job or just fired lost a relationship feeling suicidal or homicidal. The treatment center should have asked you all of these things. ..
I went to detox that way. Shaky racing heartbeat. They sent me away and told me I wasn't ready. I had to come back the next day. I was worse. Had to take valium for two days then started counciling. Be firmer with them. Tell them you are feeling despondent and scared. I was. I cried the whole way there. Ask to get coinciding or talk to someone in as if necessary. Just don't drink. They wont let you in if your hammered either. 
