-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77quy3/the_drunk_me_lest_i_forget_long/

I used to consider myself  functioning  because I still have my job my husband hasn't divorced me yet and we still have our home.  I've seen it recommended here a few times to make a journal entry or create some other form of reminder detailing the reality of the drinking days to serve as a cautionary tale to our future selves in case we ever get complacent in sobriety.  Here's my journal entry lest I conveniently forget the way it really was...-I used to vomit in the shower a few times a week while trying to pull myself together before work...-I lost an easy job because I was hungover every day late multiple times and couldn't focus on the task at hand.  A friend had recommended me for the job so I made both of us look terrible...-I missed countless parties and nights out with friends and family because I was either already drunk planning to be drunk or leaving early to get home and get drunk...-I made a vow to never answer calls or texts drunk so that I wouldn't embarrass myself.  Thus I almost never answered my phone for 5 years and alienated all my friends and family...-I once got in 2 fender benders in 2 weeks.  Though I was sober while driving I know in my heart that both accidents were caused by hangovers and decreased mental acuity...-Once while obliterated I fell face first on the floor in my kitchen and was too impaired to even put my hands down and break my fall.  I had a hideous black eye for a week.  I looked like a domestic violence victim and tried to wear heavy makeup to cover it.  What's worse due to the nature of my job (medical field/sterile environment) makeup isn't allowed and I could've been fired for wearing it...-I have developed severe anemia due to nutritional deficiencies.  This is a direct result of getting half my calories from alcohol for years and eating almost nothing.  I have many symptoms: numbness in fingertips sometimes dandruff persistent and debilitating fatigue and inflammation in my mouth...-I can be a violent drunk.  About once a year I would have one of my fits of rage and do abhorrent things.  I abused my husband.  I stormed out of the house and wandered around the neighborhood for miles blind drunk and barefoot.  I smashed pictures and put holes in our walls...-My house is filthy and in total disrepair because of apathy caused by drinking.  I used to escape from my dismay over this by drinking even more...-I used all my sick time and half of my vacation time for the last 2 years on hangovers or severe anxiety caused by drinking...-Over time I became so mentally impaired that I started having trouble communicating while sober.  I was having trouble finding my words getting tongue-tied and even struggling to write coherent sentences.  Drinking literally made me stupid...-My withdrawal symptoms were shaking hands dull dry skin headaches nausea fatigue racing heart after eating anxiety sweating and my favorite:  guilt.   Constant withdrawal was my  normal. ..-$400+ per month at the very least.  I never really had the guts to evaluate exactly how much was being spent toward the end...I'm feeling great right now with only 5 days of sobriety under my belt.  I didn't write this to beat myself up.  I wrote it to remember face reality and share with all of you.  No matter what happens I will not drink with you today!.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Yeah that was around 95% me too. Amazing what we tell ourselves ain't it? Glad you're here.
It's great that you are ready to change your life for the better. I see myself in much of your post. Drinking for alcoholics is a downward spiral. We can't control it and it just gets worse. I won't drink with you today. 
Good for you for doing this. I also have such a list different specifics but same intent. I definitely have that fear of complacency that tiny devil voice whispering in the back of my head "oh c'mon". That's when I look at my list. I put it in the notes app on my phone so it's always with me. No excuses. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Similar experiences with me. IWNDWYT
you have truly turned a corner because this reads as if you've been sober 10 years. you can just tell you've had enough and the rose colored glasses are gone. you see it for what it is. and you see yourself for who truly are too 
Thanks for posting this. I can relate to a lot of it. Which is weird because I'm always telling myself I'm not that bad. ..But I do relate... so thank you. See you tomorrow. 
You really took an unfiltered look at your life. Courage deluxe. Thank you for sharing this list. 
Thank you for posting and congratulations on 5 days!..IWNDWYT
This is a great reminder for all of us who have been there. Thank you for having the courage to write it.
Thank you. I love that you posted this.
