-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77wbey/this_just_doesnt_feel_good_anymore/

My outlook was never to stop drinking completely not to be sober just cutting down as it had become an emotional crutch. But I haven't drunk in two weeks and I relapsed and honestly it just didn't feel good. I could never imagine it feeling this way but it's just empty. I feel worse in my headspace than when I started but part of me is mourning that this is the end for me it's just not enriching anymore? ..I don't know this used to feel so sweet and I know two weeks isn't a lot but it just isn't the same... 
----------immediate responses--------

my first time around quitting for 2 months a few years ago felt like this too. once i started drinking again it just didn't feel the same anymore. i think it has to do with the fact that now i had seen what life could be like on the other side and once i had experienced it it made drinking not as attractive anymore. yet i still drank for a long time after that. i like you was not sold on sobriety forever and i mourned having to give up drinking. but i decided to look at it another way and see that i can now do ANYTHING in my life except drink. there is so much more to life. believe me. maybe try going for a full 30 days? see how you feel after that? we evolve all the time and maybe you have evolved out of your drinking days. now you can start a whole new path and save money while doing it! also if you haven't already i highly recommend reading Annie Grace's book This Naked Mind it will help you to not mourn the transition and rather see is as enriching!
One day at a time.  Forever fucks with me psychologically but one day at a time is ok.  Ever day sober is a good day and I will not drink with you today.  
After I first got sober I drank two times. It was miserable and I'd had such high expectations! I guess it had something to do with having learned the truth about myself and my drinking.  Glad it happened though in retrospect. It was a good reminder for me going forward that if I talked myself into it again it would be just as empty. 
