-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7810cf/one_year_and_one_month_sober_advice_for_those/

For those of you struggling to stop it is possible. .I accepted that I had wired my brain to push me to keep drinking past all logic and reason so I got help. A year doesn't seem like much now but I couldn't even fathom it when I stopped so I want to share what helped me. .-Study cognitive behavioural therapy. It's immensely helpful to understand what is actually going on in your head. .-Go to AA meetings and talk to everyone. Just remember that it's not a jesus recruitment tool and that everyone you talk to is also an alcoholic so keep your salt shaker handy. I let the god stuff keep me drunk for years and years until I finally got over myself and ditched my hang ups on the word god. For the record the concept is still silly to me and I've made the steps happen in my life regardless. .-Remember that you aren't alone and this problem can't be tackled by just you. We support each other in places like this. It's not only ok but essential to draw upon others. We are social thinkers after all. .-If you are going to go the 12 step route don't pick and choose the part of the program that will work the best for you. Just do what the book says. Everyone I have seen do this has fallen off. Try doing what I did which is put the words  what if  in front of the steps. Make them questions and not commands. .-Early on I was told  anything you put before your sobriety you will lose. Then you'll lose your sobriety.  I have found this to be true. You need to be prepared to quit your job if you can't hack it without drinking. You need to be prepared to quit people as well. Anything that can get you into old behaviour patterns may need to go. .-Lastly do not try to quit everything at once. Do you smoke? Drink coffee? Keep doing those things. Rewriting your neural pathways is a long process and the harder you make the process on your brain the more likely you are to fail. Keep the stressors as low as possible. ..Well I hope some of that helped someone. .Happy 24. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this. Really needed to read this today. Understanding the physiology behind it is helpful when you have those "why not" moments. 
Thank you for sharing your experience!  I will not drink with you today!
This is great stuff thanks!
