-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/789ey8/im_the_chick_who_emoted_in_here_about_running_and/

Finished but just barely. I was already dealing with some painful shin splints and a tweaked IT band so I was hoping for a sub 5hr finish. It was slow and easy until I pulled my hamstring in mile 19 only to then twist my ankle later. The 14th St bridge was the worst stretch I was in so much pain and was so depressed by it and just circumstances about my life and all the demons I didn't want to think about...I had to stop to walk and held my face in my hands to heave giant sobs. At Mile 25 the physical pain I was in from the hamstring and ankle was so great I sat on the grass and refused to get up for a while. At this point I had hit that Wall and hard. ..Eventually I got up (*I had to get up if not me then who?*) and managed to crawl-jog to the finish coming in at 5:50 and I won't lie I burst into tears at the end about that too. ..Now that I'm no longer pushing myself I think I mind a little less. I was not good at being sober the first time either and struggled several times after. But I always got better.  ..In this way marathons will be no different...Tl; dr: [Not sure why I'm using the surfer symbol during a marathon but I also woke up to find I put my toothbrush in the fridge so I'm really tired right now.](https://imgur.com/gallery/aZ0HP)
----------immediate responses--------

You look so happy!  Congratulations 
Seriously impressed.  Anyone who can complete a marathon gets my seal of approval :) 
I am extremely proud of you!
Bad ass! 
That's awesome! My first (only) marathon was about that same finish time and you know what? That's a fucking incredible accomplishment! ..Rest rest rest! Seriously I messed up my knee permanently from trying to train too quickly afterwards. ..I raise a can of La Croix in your honor! Congratulations!
:( I did the Marine Corps Marathon last year drunk took shots with pre-workout before the race and ultimately only barely met my target time. Was miserable so happy that you had such a great experience!
Congrats!!!..The emotional toll of running lost distances is INSANE. I think it's even harder than the physical distance. There's no where to hide from yourself in the middle of a race like that. ..Is there a greater symbol of overcoming your demons than this race? What an amazing feat...Also guilty of using the surfer symbol at random times and I support your use of it! 
Congratulations that is an amazing accomplishment!
Listen you did it girl!  You go!
You beat my MCM time by 7 minutes! :) congrats ... sounds like a tough day and you gave it your all. 
