-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78aqvg/1000_its_a_big_number_some_thoughts/

I hit 1000 days today.  I am now in completely uncharted territory.  My last serious attempt lasted 3 months.  But here I am still not drinking...I had some time for reflection today given my current circumstances and much clearer mind.  So I thought I'd pen a few...At the beginning I did two things.  Firstly I checked out AA meetings.  I went to a few.  I also started every day every moment of temptation by telling myself 'I can't I won't and I don't drink.  Not today.'  The AA meetings didn't work for me - that's fine it's not for everyone.  However where I lived the main reason for these meetings seemed to often be reminiscing about what people used to be like - I didn't want that.  I was looking forwards.  I'd had enough of getting hammered often drinking myself to sleep etc.  I wanted to be around people who looked forward finding alternative things in the light of sobriety...Sadly to say I didn't find anyone.  I struggle with depression loneliness constant tinnitus and hearing loss.  None of these things make me a particularly social person when sober!  I've learned to control and manage my feelings in most of these areas although I've still had dark days - but my mantra shines through...Now I hate the smell - beer whisky vodka - things I once loved now are odious foul things I cannot bear.  I enjoy more variety in fruit juices/smoothies/teas/coffees - although I'd like to stop consuming caffeine.  Maybe there's a sub for that...With my new-found clarity of mind I was able to commit to leaving behind my old job of web development (something that had caused burnout breakdown and massive amounts of stress in my life) and teamed up with my wife.  I now earn just as much in half a day walking dogs than I did as a developer.  I'm out and about in all weathers and I love it!  ..Counting the days gives me a high score :)  Maybe I may have to request a reset one day who knows?  But as for today I'm not drinking I haven't missed it and here's to a thousand more!..So with all that said - I could not have done it without this subreddit.  You guys even though I don't post often here I do read through and sometimes something prompts me to write a reply.  Sometimes its a similar situation to someone else or just a word of encouragement.  Maybe for someone who has taken the time to read through this rambling mess and thinking can I make it to the next day?  Yes.  Yes you can and many more besides.  We are all in this together and I love this subreddit for that precise reason.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 1000 days! 
That's cool 4 digits pat your self on the back !!
Dear sir you are an inspiration. Here's to a thousand more!
WAY. TO. GO!
Wow!   That's AWESOME!  Congratulations.  I won't drink with you today too.  But I might get a smoothie as you brought it up and now I would love one 
Way to go buddy!..I'll scout ahead and let you know whats coming don't fret!
Congratulations so pleased for youwhat an effort and inspiration
Thank you for sharing your experience that AA was not right for you. While I do agree that it is a very useful tool and I think everyone should at least try it out I have seen a lot of people upset at the prospect that its the only answer to sobriety. Seeing someone with so much time that has done it without the assistance of AA proves it is possible. Here is to another 1000 days my friend.
Awesome! Great post. 
My new hero!
Congratulations on 1000 days! That's incredible!..I have to say I can totally relate on the burnout with web development. It's been difficult especially since there are literally free open taps for beer after 6pm at my office which is a serious temptation...If you don't mind sharing can you let us know what you're up to now? I only ask because this is something I'm currently facing while working in the tech industry.
&gt; these meetings seemed to often be reminiscing about what people used to be like - I didn't want that. I was looking forwards... I struggle with depression loneliness.....Agree with you on the AA focus on the old stories -- I can't stand those!! Luckily I eventually found some meetings where they don't do that as much but still it's a thing. I want to focus on now and what's next!..I relate to the aloneness stuff too. Mostly I think that's just part of the weird world we live in and I remind myself  1) not to take it personally 2) enjoy people when they are there and 3) notice that sometimes when I am with people I'm actually looking forward to just going home! :)
I would love to make the shift to walking dogs. Not drinking my ass has been out on the road day after day.  I could be getting paid for it!  Congratulations!  I loved your post!
Beautiful.  Congrats on making a positive change!
Wow - congratulations!!! Your business with your wife - is it a dog walking one? I only ask bc that's something I've always wanted to do but haven't had the guts or time to move forward with it. Would love to hear more!!
1000 is a total high score!  I love watching my number go up.  Changing jobs sounds amazing - I hope I have the same courage myself one day. Sitting in front of a computer all day drains the soul...
Heartfelt congratulations on reaching 4 digits - quite the achievement! Also it's quite inspiring for me that you got out of your job and into something that gets you out and about with furry friends for company! .I'm navigating my way into a different lifestyle trying to find the correct focus. Your post gives me food for thought..Thanks for sharing! Not drinking with you today :)
Nice work!  I find it very amusing that you are making more as a dog walker!..I recently quit caffeine and have found herbal teas nice.  Chicory is a healthy coffee alternative.
Congrats! Keep up the good work!
Huzzah!  Congrats on the quadruple digits!  And I always thought dog walkers must do pretty well!  Congrats!  I'm a dev myself and feel ya on the burnout / stress.   Expect I'd have a tough time making as much though - I've invested the bulk of my life into software development.
Looks at those zeros! Congrats friend.
Wow. That is a fantastic accomplishment! Thanks for sharing your thoughts and I hope things keep going well for you. Sometimes we all have to deal with loneliness frustration and crappy days. But it's still better than a drunk crappy day. Cheers to you with a double latte!
YES! Me too. The first couple months were a revelation and then I was depressed and anti-social for almost a year and since then I've slowly crawled back to having a life again. I left my shitty corporate gig and now I work for myself. I'm super happy for you.
Nice post and great job!
Congrats! Truly an inspiration. 
Way to go with your quadruple digits.  Impressive...I gave up caffeine a few months after ditching alcohol. I found that it effected me more and I just couldn't really take the anxiety.  Decaf has been my savior.  I drink a lot of high quality decaf (swiss water processed caffeine removal is usually a good sign).  It took awhile to figure out which decafs are decent.  Most are crap imo.  And I like herbal teas.  I'm not religious about staying away from caffeine. I eat chocolate and have a cup of regular coffee or tea once a month or so.  But the change was easier than I thought it would be.  The biggest bummer is that most restaurants have terrible decaf and they leave it on the burner all day so I can rarely have coffee out except at a good cafe...Anyway I digress.  Happy 1000 to you!
r/decaf for the caffeine! 
Reading a lot of your guys stories I can see I've been pretty spoiled for AA meetings. In my city they're very numerous secular forward thinking and positive (sometimes sickeningly so) and yet I find a reason to complain about them -- go figure...Coming up on three years is a huge accomplishment I hope you've gotten yourself a present (positive reinforcers are good from what I learned in first year ABA). Keep up the good work.
[Yay!](https://i.imgur.com/q5ocd8p.gifv)
So inspiring.  You are so courageous.  I am glad I have you to look up to.
First- congrats on such an incredible achievement. Second- how much can one make as a dog walker?? Other than the poop that sounds like a great job :)
That's awesome to hear it allowed you to take new journey in your career. Congrats!
Congrats on 1000 days that's really incredible! Not sure if you've seen this video but apparently this technique works for a lot of people to ease the effects of tinnitus. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajb37ie-Juo .
I have found when I have taken long breaks my tinnitus fades over time.  Any such luck?
Kudos. Caffeine is my last vice too. A coffee or Diet Pepsi is about 1000 times better than booze. ..Keep up the good work. 1000 is my next big milestone. 
