-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78ge9g/day_44_multiple_relapses_aa_not_working_but_not/

For anyone who's been following my posts as I went through withdrawal and would like an update and mostly just for the catharsis of typing it out here's how I've been doing: not so great...I lasted 18 days completely 100% sober and they included some days of detox purgatory as well as some fantastic sober days out in nature feeling amazing. After 18 days I attended a computer security conference. I have worked in this industry more than half my life now (18 years) and it's definitely a weird industry. My job is completely work from home (terrible enabler of a drinking problem that) and I live alone so I can become very reclusive. We have a conference somewhere in Australia about every 2 months and it's a really important part of maintaining business contacts hiring people getting hired etc. to attend especially for "old timers" like me who manage large teams. Oh it's also a gigantic piss up every time the industry has a huge alcohol problem...So there we are out in this beautiful camp ground they've got a massive bonfire going music surrounded by friends and colleagues and everyone is getting shiftfaced drunk. I caved and got messy drunk. I remember passing out on an air mattress and while joking about it in the morning one guy I don't know looked at me and said "well after that I saw you passed out on the toilet floor!". I still don't know if he was serious or just cracking a joke to embarrass me...After that little incident I stayed off the booze for a few more days but then had a major 4 day bender. I live in a place called Glass House Mountains which is just pure earth porn mountains beaches rainforest amazing. It's also kind of in the middle of nowhere and I do not know anyone who lives here (as I said a bit of a shut in recluse). I also have a loft apartment in Brisbane which is the closest major city about 1.5 hours drive away. When I initially detoxed I shut myself in at Glass House and didn't emerge until I got DT symptoms and had to call an ambulance. The whole time I was detoxing and in hospital only one person knew: Jenn. I told work I had an infection. Jenn is my wife but it's not at all a normal situation. We once lived together but rapidly realized that wouldn't work and so we remain close friends but don't live together and date other people. We are extremely close and each other's go to person for anything we need any problem to talk about. So when it came to this she was the only person I trusted to tell. Her own father died of alcoholism and she knew I had a problem so she was extremely proud and supportive of my decision to stop. She also lives in the apartment next door to my place in the city and I am actually her landlord (I told you weird situation!). I also bought the apartment she lives in because I was minding her dogs and the people living in it didn't like them and gave them trouble so I literally bought the place just to kick them out. Anyway that's another story!..So after such early success imagine my feeling when she walked into my apartment and found me passed out on the floor 3 days into a 4 day bender and just gave me the look of disappointment and walked back out. I was so embarrassed and disappointed so of course immediately went and got more booze duh! Since then I've been honest with her about which days I have and haven't been drinking but I feel like I lost some trust and let her down after she gave me so much support...Today is day two after my most recent relapse and I am determined not to let the cycle continue. I have a good friend who was a far worse drinker than me (and that's quite a feat!) but has now been 4 months sober in AA. He encouraged me to try it and I "shopped around" all the local groups. In chronological order I would describe the meetings as:..* Angry guy won't stop talking about punching things the whole time I imagine he punched something or someone on the way home..* Only other attendee is the organizer she keeps crying..* Nice older people many sober 20+ years. This one is my favorite..* Mens group where I feel like my lack of violent criminal history excludes me (and I even have an assault charge for punching a cop in a riot true story!). If so many of these guys have killed people how are they not in jail?.* AA: rich housewives with a champagne problem edition.* Realllllyyyyy creepy Russian guy wants my phone number and is not taking no for an answer..After all those experiences I am struggling to buy into the program. I accept the steps on principle I don't have an issue with God/higher power but I find it quite culty and creepy. I am also a bit reserved about having a sponsor and having to confess all my personal inventory to them not sure that's the best idea for anyone. But then I see all these people with 20 years sober and I want what they have...Anyway I am not giving up. Today is day two and I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on not giving up. I also realised that AA wasn't working for me. I then decided to work for AA and things then changed. I won't be drinking with you today :-)
This comment is not meant to enable you or justify anything; but especially early on relapse is part of recovery.  If your wife/best friend is going to be part of your recovery she needs to know and accept that.  Holding you accountable and talking to you about next steps and avoiding a repeat is one thing.  Giving you the shit eye and walking out is another.
Remember that AA is not the only sobriety support group. There is also SMART recovery and refuge recovery. I'm sure there are other local ones also. If AA isn't working for you maybe check one of these other programs out. I know having a sober social support system was vital for me in early sobriety. However AA is not the only way. ..Best of luck to you. I won't drink with you today.
I found one of the most  helpful things to get me to reduce and then cut down on my drinking was naltrexone and also antabuse. Can you get a doctor to prescribe you something like that? ..AA was not enough for me I still drank a lot while I was going to AA meetings. I do think having some support and sober friends is vital to recovery so if AA doesn't work for you maybe there's another group you could check out. 
"Rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed the path"..It's easy to pick things I don't like about aa or about specific people and to sit there and find the differences and compare myself to others and feel apart from. That doesn't mean aa isn't working it means I'm not trying. If you're willing to do whatever it takes to be sober and have what some other those people have stick with the winners don't believe everything you think don't let the voice in your head isolate you like it has been doing and go get a sponsor and get in the book. You owe it to yourself to give it a true and honest fair shot not this half assed oh the people are weird bs. You can always go back to your current life of misery anytime you want but if this thing is working every day for millions of people (a lot of whom are far worse off than you) then you have no reason to believe you can't do it too. Just get out of your own way and listen for the similarites instead of the differences those people are way more alike to you than it appears on the surface listen and find out. Get to know them help somebody take the good and leave the rest instead of taking the bad and ignoring the possibility of good existing. 
I struggle with seeing the value of a thorough step 5 (confess) and 9 (make amends) too.  ..I'm fine framing issues with respect to alcohol...in my drinking I did these dumb / mean things.  As a functional alcoholic I don't think I did all that many awful things and even in my drinking I did some volunteer work.  Having driven intoxicated is probably my biggest fault.  Is there really value in analyzing old failed relationships from my college years or past resentments towards co-workers?  I'm even less sure of to whom I should make amends to in step 9...If I thoroughly work this program I'm not there yet so I have time to figure it out...I will not drink with you today...
