-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78ikoi/dont_be_freaked_out_by_people_at_aa_trying_to/

Remember when you were drunk and you wanted all of the people around you to feel as good as you.  They are the same way except they want you to feel good being sober and want to help.  ..I hated being approached after AA meetings but I get it now.  I'm new to the program and a few people have relapsed in my group and it breaks my heart to see them in that state.   They are genuinely trying to help because they know what you are going through. 
----------immediate responses--------

What a great lens!  ..Indeed the people at meetings are genuinely interested in helping someone get sober and stay sober.  They can be "over friendly"...That's for several reasons-  they want you to know you're welcome;  they want you to have a face name and opine number if the urge strikes; helping someone else helps them; and all too often someone comes in goes right back out and dies.  For some it is a matter o f life and death.
It could be the most overwhelming at a new person's first meeting if the group has a "newcomer's meeting."  The existing members will probably share their experience strength and hope with the new comer and it may feel directed towards him or her.  They want to do this because maintaining their own sobriety depends on helping other problem drinkers.  After a few meetings though a relatively new person will be treated like one of the regulars...Once you go to an AA meeting even if you step out of the program if you ever do come back you'll never have to attend a meeting for the first time ever again for the rest of your life...I will not drink with you today.
I'm having the opposite problem. I go to meetings at least one a week for 4 weeks now some of them every week for 4 weeks but the only time I've been approached was at my very first one where a few people offered their numbers if I needed to talk. Every other time I go sure I meet a few people exchange names and that's it...I'm not getting those offers of help and I feel like I need them sometimes. Tonight I stood up and said "Today is my 30th day" and of course people clapped but I didn't get a handshake or a pat on the back or anything past that. I feel great that I've made it this far but I've heard enough stories to know that I can't do it alone and I don't know how to approach people as I'm generally a quiet person. I've made it 30 days without a sponsor but I do sometimes question just how long I can make it without one and I know the answer is far less than if I had help.
It put me off at first and yeah it is a little weird... but people are trying to help and help quickly because they know what's at stake.
Yeah but you have to be careful too.  Don't let your guard down for a second.  And don't let anyone talk you into doing anything that makes you feel uncomfortable.  There are too many stories of people engaged in predatory behavior at these things particularly with women (13th stepping).
