-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78iob3/birthday_drinks/

Quick background.  Started drinking when I was 14 and didn't stop until last year (39).  Pretty much drank every day or every other day to varying degrees.  Sometimes a few sometimes 8-20 beers.  Spouse stopped drinking about a year before that cold turkey.  I wrestled with the idea of quitting as it was starting to make marriage weird of it but never could.  Didn't drink on Friday January 27th 2017 (can't remember the circumstances).  I woke up Saturday January 28th and felt amazing.  I realized I had woken up with a hangover every Saturday for over 20 years.  Like Saturdays (and most Sundays and some Mondays) were just supposed to hurt.  Nausea became so normal that I would have to smoke weed all day to not feel sick when I was hungover.  I was invited to a superbowl party on Feb 5th 2017 and I excused myself.  I didn't want to wake up Monday and call in sick and feel like garbage for two days.  I went down to the store and got a 4 pack of Dr. Pepper in a bottle.  Stayed home that day and felt amazing at work Monday morning.  ..In all this time I have realized the following things.  Drinking was completely eating my sick time at work down to zero.  It was a constant struggle to maintain a healthy balance.  This isn't a problem anymore.  I've always been super active but could never get in any real meaningful shape.  I've lost 30lbs since February and I'm holding at 155lbs without having to do anything extra fancy.  I never have indigestion anymore.   When I was was drinking I started to become lactose intolerant.  For whatever reason that is gone now I can eat ice cream again instead of get drunk.  If that doesn't make you feel like a kid again right?  My marriage has gotten better.  I can actually sit down and enjoy movies and television again because I can remember what I watched without blacking out or falling asleep.  I can drive places after 5pm again.  I used to feel like a prisoner because as soon as I'd have a few beers in me I'd be stuck at home (luckily I avoided the urge to drive all those years).  I'm saving so much cash too probably about $160 bucks a week.  I'm sure if I think about it I could list 20 more benefits...Aside from about 3 beers in social situations or there I've been sober this whole time.  I turned 40 recently and really poured it on.  Drank waaay too much alcohol.  Beers shots the works. Have regretted it since.  It wasn't any more fun than I remember.  I did stuff I don't remember doing.  I felt incredibly sick in every way for 48 hours afterward.  It's just something I know I won't be doing from here on out...Glad to be here today that's for sure.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you are here!  ..Yep I've replaced a lot of my booze calories with ice cream...the first few weeks it was soda pop chips ice cream.  Now that's settling down but I really enjoy spending what used to be booze money on fancy gelato!  And have never gotten a hangover from that :).
So glad you are back at it! You got this :)
Glad you are here too! We can break the cycle I belive it. Hugs
