-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78jiua/day_24_and_really_struggling_now/

Hi all. First post on here although I've been on here for a long time. I'm doing Stoptober and it's been brilliant apart from a rocky first few days. I haven't slept so well for years and wake up feeling great! It hasn't been that much of a struggle apart from the odd wobble at the weekends when I've had to go for a walk in the rain just to calm down a bit...But today's been really hard. Constant thoughts about drinking and what it'd be like to just get a box of wine and drink it all in one sitting. ..I definitely know from experience that if I have one night back on the juice that'll be the start of another 6 or 12 months of horrible hangovers and bloated red face and dry heaving when I brush my teeth in the morning. And that look on the face of the woman in the off license when I go to get my supplies every evening. And the regret and shame when I drag the overflowing recycling bin out (how much money goes into those bins?)...But I still really want a drink right now!..Sorry if this all sounds a bit negative but this is the first really hard day I've had and I just felt like I needed to write it down. I'm not going to get much sleep tonight but I'll wake up in the morning without a hangover at least. ..Hope this is just short blip and I'll be back on track again tomorrow. Just need to take control of my own mind - if that's even possible...Thanks for listening just writing it down helps a bit.
----------immediate responses--------

Check out the book mentioned in the sidebar - This Naked Mind.  well worth the read - it's on Audible too if that's easier to consume.   It talks about one's relationship with booze and how for some (I put myself in this camp) alcohol is and should be considered your enemy. ..Booze is very seductive and will screw with your head to convince you that you're missing out by not drinking.  For me it helps considerably to get this in my head so when I feel like I want a drink I can step back and realize that it's just the booze calling my name.....Blurf I miss you come drink remember how much fun I am?..yeah - those little bits whispered in your ear.   A few weeks back I was was really hearing the booze call me and I just blurted out "F**K off booze leave me alone"   I said it out loud weird I know but the craving immediately went away.  ..May not work for you or anyone else but that's my coping mechanism.  Don't drink tonight - tell the booze you'll look at drinking tomorrow but you can't tonight.   Good luck!
Get some sugar in you! Cookies doughnuts chocolate whatever. Lots of water too...Great work on 24!
Google Klean radio and listen to some of their podcast. You can find them on iHeartRadio .It really helps me when I have bad cravings  
You got this!! Distract yourself the best you can and seriously - the sugar thing can kinda work! I took the dog for a car ride watched bad tv listened to music walked...spent a ton of time here reading and reading and reading. After a while the craving passed and I moved on. And felt good for fighting the good fight and winning. One fight at a time....
Wow thanks people! It really does help to share and get some feedback! I hadn't realised how cathartic it is to just tell people who know what you're talking about. I've been to a copy of AA meetings but I realised they weren't going to work for me and even made me want a drink more. .Everything you've all said is just spot on dead right and I know it myself but it's good to hear other people have got your back when it gets hard!..I got fed up of lying there listening to my brain playing all sorts of tricks on me so I got up and made myself a mug of decaf tea and some toast and came back to bed and now feeling a lot calmer. ..I'm going to do this I can see a better life in front of me and it's there for me to take it if I want - just need to stay focused on getting there..Thanks again everyone. 
I'm sorry your day is a bit rough. Hang in there :) I won't drink with you today
