-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78krny/first_time_posting_here_i_am_happy_to_have_found/

I have been to 3 local AA meetings since I have been home. I do struggle sometimes but while it sounds cliche just one day at a time is really key for me. I am happy to not drink with all of you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! 
Congrats that must have been difficult.  Good luck!!
Great work!
Congrats! ..How have you found the meetings so far?
Congrats!! Welcome!
I don't think it sounds cliche. It sounds realistic about all of life. 
It may be cliche but it may also be a common mantra here. Congratulations!
It may be cliche but you are making it work! Keep going amd I am right behind you 
One day at a time is not a cliche it's a way of life. Sometimes it's one hour at a time. Inch by inch. 
Wow you are already a winner ... check out the sidebar and get yourself a badge ... !!
Congratulations. I'm only on second day but there are many positive supportive people here. I will not drink with you today. 
One day at a time is important because trying to focus on five years or ten years or the rest of your life is so daunting that it almost generates failure on its own. Congrats on making it this far! Another slogan is "Keep coming back" both to AA and here. Fellowship with other people who are fighting the same battle as you are can help provide the motivation to stay the course when the urges are strong. Welcome and I won't drink with you today. .
Hey congrats and welcome! Happy to not drink with you today too :)
One day at a time for me is VERY important if I start looking around at all the places I should be in life the relationships I bruised or lost and other stuff it gets overwhelming quick. I will not drink with myself or any of you fine folks today.
Welcome! I find it very helpful to come to this sub on a regular basis for motivation and positive energy. I'm not drinking with you today.
Congrats! You got this SD friend! Your an amazing force of life that can kick alcohols butt! IWNDWYT 
