-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78rvb9/any_suggestions_for_non_alcoholic_drinks_i/

Hi !..I decided to go sober as drinking got really in the way of my life. I am doing ok so far but I drank like 2-3 times per week at home and I am struggling to find a nice drink that works in the evening. I do not want to do much sugar either. I read somewhere that Bitters with Soda could work and I think I would like that. Any experiences with Bitters? There are tons of flavours out there... Thanks and congrats to everyone here who made the decision to go sober !
----------immediate responses--------

I love seltzers (La Croix Polar Adirondack etc) - you can get crazy good flavors no sugar nothing just water and flavor...Fun fact most of them don't actually have flavor added in...what they do is 'flavor' or scent the actual CO2 that goes into the seltzer...An alternative is getting a Soda Stream and make your own maybe just plain with a lemon slice or orange slice...
Sparkling water is my go to. Refreshing and no calories. I avoid bitters as they contain alcohol.
[removed]
Seltzer water seltzer water seltzer water!! No sugar calories or carbs. Tons of flavors to choose from 
I do seltzer and a splash of pomegranate or pure cranberry juice and a little lemon. And when it's cold outside an herbal tea with lots of lemon and a bit of honey. I try and watch the sugar in these things just to make sure a sweet tooth doesn't replace the alcohol craving. I wish you peace and luck and much support. You deserve it! 
I hear you about seltzers will give it a try. Thank you ! I tried Kombucha lately (Ginger &amp; Lemon) which is really nice as it is spicy and does not have a lot of calories. But I was wondering how good it is to drink a litre of probiotics every day. Then again... I battered my liver with 1-2 litres of wine every day which was probably worse :).
If you're okay with drinking non-alcoholic wine I like dealcoholized red wine mixed with diet sprite and some frozen berries.  I would drink this a lot when I was trying to do dry months.. but this can obviously be a slippery slope. ..Other than that and everything else people have suggested I like tea.   Something so soothing and comforting about a cup of tea..
I like iced herbal teas. You can get them in variety packs of tea bags so you can try a bunch of different kinds. No calories or sugar or caffeine.
Obviously there's LaCroix but I'm also into DRY Sparkling Soda. It's sold in a four pack with fancy sodas at my grocery store. The lavender one is nice and botanical - reminds me of the good parts of a g&amp;t. They're also much lower in sugar than a Coke. 
