-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78uaps/went_back_to_aa_yesterday_not_drinking_today/

I will start by saying that I am an active duty Airman with a very promising career.  I almost lost that in July 2015 but decided inpatient detox and rehab were the best for me.  I got married this past May went on a cruise and relapsed.  I did a decent job of only drinking off and on but it continued to worsen...My wife was previously married to a drug addict/alcoholic and she knows all of the signs.  My mother lives in a different state and she was noticing.  I had stopped going to AA last year thinking I was BIGGER than my addiction.  I called my mom sobbing because I knew I was about to start detoxing.  My body can't handle it anymore.  I can handle one night; but that turns into two three and then I start to have withdrawals. ..I went to AA yesterday after having a drink (a 24 oz 4 loko because I'm a cheap drunk) I instantly saw old friends and felt the warmth.  Today was spent spending most of my morning throwing up pacing and taking vitamins and hydrating.  ..The fact that I walked into that meeting tells me I'm ready to accept (AGAIN!) that I'm not able to do this alone. I am risking my career marriage and parenthood for a liquid that leaves me writhing in misery!..I won't be sleeping much (if at all for another day or two) but I will not be drinking.  My appetite will return and the nausea will subside.  My brain will clear and I will sleep eventually.  As I'm experienced I can not say I WILL NEVER drink again.  But every day I will say I am not drinking today.  One day at a time.  Thank you to anyone who reads this and feel free to ask any questions or offer any support or advice! I love you all for your positivity! ..Signed a recovering alcoholic. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your willingness is awesome!!  Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Listen you can do it.  Read about drinking too.  Let the statistics buoy your resolve.  There is a PDF of This Naked Mind on the side of this page.  She has a podcast too.  Also Allen Carr  https://www.amazon.com/Easy-Way-Stop-Drinking/dp/1402736479..There are a lot of podcasts too.  The Good Dad project and One Year No Beer.  Just one day at a time.  Seriously you can do it.
Update: the first time trying to sleep is always hell. Always have nightmares. Always have sleep paralysis! But remember the human body can go a while without sleep. Eventually I will sleep! I can do this!
NOT saying "I will never drink again" frees my alcoholic brain. That is pretty much my sober mantra. Forever is an impossibility. Today is pretty easy when it comes down to it. The funny thing is that today is easier than yesterday...Support ;)..
