-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78wmfq/hi_im_new_here_to_all_of_this_actually/

I am really nervous about this and I don't know why. I have been reading posts here for the last few days because I know I need to quit and I know I need support. This will probably be long I've got a bit to get out here so bear with me...I have known I have had a problem for some time now a couple years at least. About a year ago I quit for 30 days mostly just to prove to myself that I could quit. However when I went back to drinking I went back harder then ever because I had this feeling that I was in control even though I really wasnt...I dont really even know how to imagine my life without alcohol..When I quit last time I told my wife I think I am an alcoholic she said nah you just have to drink in moderation. So I tried that and failed. I never just wanted one beer never could have just one beer. Its like the dumbest concept why the hell would I have one if I can't have the whole damn case. I want to get drunk not have one beer that makes me thirsty for more...My third child was born about 6 weeks ago. Before her birth I was drinking hard my wife was getting pissed because what would happen if she went into labor? I chanced it so many times getting drunk and passing out while my pregnant wife worried about going into labor. I dodged a bullet she was scheduled for a c-section and we made it to that date without incident. Baby is here and is healthy and wonderful...Also during this time I struggled with an ongoing anxiety disorder. I suck at taking my meds so I had been off them for about 9 months. After a night of drinking I woke up in the morning and started having a panic attack about having to go to work hung over again immediately felt hot and light headed and then like I was gonna puke. I went to the bathroom lost consciousness and fell and cut my face on the floor had to get stitches. Went back on anxiety meds. Played the whole incident off as anxiety but in reality it was because of my drinking...I drink 10-12 beers a night alone no problem staying up until 2 or 3 in the morning on a regular basis. Some nights its more like 14 beers depending on what I am drinking...We went on vacation last week. My wife called me an alcoholic (couldn't tell if she was joking or if she thinks I have a problem) and my 6 year old daughter commented on how much beer I drink. It hit me that my kids notice and it affects them...When we came back last weekend I told myself I had to stop. I made it like 4 days and on Tuesday downed 11 beers and stayed up til 3 in the morning knowing I had to work a double shift on Wednesday (yesterday) I did it but it was hell...I need to quit. I feel unhealthy and weak. I honestly dont know what my life looks like without alcohol. Its defined me for a really long time its like its part of my identity. I already feel lost and now feel like Im losing more of myself (even if I know its what I need to do to get myself back)..I remember when I was sober for a month after the first week it felt great. I just have to get back there again...I dont know how this all works but Im here and I appreciate that you are all here too and understand what I am saying when I am not sure anyone else does.....
----------immediate responses--------

10-12 beers a night alone is not what I would call social drinking.  I like iced-tea but I can't imagine drinking 10-12 glasses a night.  So yeah I'd seriously be asking myself questions.  For me the answer lay in stopping and staying stopped.  I started with the [Baby Steps at this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you!
Welcome friend. I have had similar conversations with my wife. "You don't need to stop. Just moderate." Tried and failed. People want the best for us. However if they are a normal drinker they really don't understand people like us. That is not their fault. This is an ADDICTION. It is hard to quit. See a doc if you can. Be honest. Adjust your meds. Find a meeting. Attend. Participate. These people understand you. Stay sober. He'll or high water don't drink. Go for a walk. Sleep. Anything. If you aren't drinking in this moment you aren't drinking. String those moments into days. Learn some coping mechanisms. Alcohol is a coping mechanism that works to a degree but in excess leads to addiction...You can do this! You are made of impossibly strong stuff!..I won't be drinking with you today!
Something that was really helpful to me in answering the "what does my life look like without alcohol?" is to read the book "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace.  Check the sidebar - you can get a free download.  In my opinion - it might be the starting point to setting you on a new path of thinking and living without it!  IWNDWYT
