-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/795gru/on_relapse_and_the_lie_of_selfhatred/

I still haven't succeeded. I'm not there yet. Constant relapse. A bender of a week. I was doing well for a little while going to the gym and working with a trainer. Working on creative content. Being more productive at work. I became too confident. I disassociated from the terrible things that alcohol did to me thinking that "I'm over it" and "I'm not that person anymore". It was a false confidence. Because here I am again at almost nightly binges. I started working on my relationships only to become ashamed of myself again and go back into hiding. I turned 32 this week and I used it as an excuse to binge every night since last week. As I drank I accepted that I am at my very core a self-destructive suicidal mentally ill person and that this wouldn't change. Might as well "enjoy" the demise. I accepted that I hated myself. There was some place deep inside that felt like I deserved the abuse. ..This thing that I'm doing to myself I am taking my son's mother away from him. I CAN'T be a suicidal alcoholic because of him. I CAN'T hate myself because I know how much it would hurt my son to know that someone hates his mother and abuses her regularly even if that person is me. ..I keep on failing but I will not give up. For the past year I have woken up every single day with a strong desire for a normal life. Eventually I fail and I do the thing that I hate the most. And then I do it again. And then again. But that desire to get the fuck out of this living hell hasn't gone away. My determination to stop this evil only gets stronger. I won't let it win. I can't. I hate alcohol with every fiber of my body yet here I am unable or unwilling to break up with my abuser. I want sobriety more than I want anything else. I want to be successful. The lies of self-hatred are lies told by my alcoholic brain. It's all a fucking lie. There are many faces of evil and this is one of them. It's an evil lie bent on murdering me. The idea that I hate myself so I enjoy the abuse is a fucking evil lie. ..My deepest and most heartfelt wish is to not drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone.  You can see there are 80000 people here with pretty much the same intent...I couldn't beat it alone.  I did with support!..Alcohol interfered with my aspirations.  Removing it improved my life...Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I kept going and the benefits appeared!..I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
I had the desire for a very long time. I've been on here before. Something felt different when the desire finally dominated the urge to drink. You'll know and don't hate yourself if you relapse. Just keep coming back. It takes a lot of tries for some of us. Think of it as being an athlete. Do we go to the Olympics after training for a few days? Or does it take years to get there? Addiction is mental and physical just like a sport is. 
Staying sober was too hard to achieve without lots of support. I started by getting a therapist. I was desperate which made me willing to do whatever it took to get well. Rehab outpatient treatment involvement in AA gave me the tools I needed to build a sober happy life. ..Protecting my sobriety was the utmost priority. I had no alcohol in my home stayed out of bars and away from people who abused alcohol. I didn't go to events where drinking was a primary activity. I didn't want alcohol within arms' reach...Sobriety is easier and more fun with help. 
I know you know this but the rational objective part of your mind doesn't have to listen to the destructive irrational thoughts promulgated by the alcoholic part of your mind.  Maybe give that part a name?  A friend of mine on here calls it the Booze Goblin but use the name of your choice.  And then reject each and every thought that the Booze Goblin's inflicts upon your rational brain. ..You *can* stop drinking.  It sounds like you need additional help and support.  Could you start therapy with a therapist who works with addictions?  Perhaps a support group (AA  Smart Rational Recovery etc.) would help?  Could you join a serious exercise group or program?  Have you started with at least a GP visit?  Keep trying and adding things until you find a formula that works for you.  Because there *is* a formula that will work and it's just a matter of finding it.  Don't give up--you are *worth it*!  And your son and family and friends are also worth it.  Finally if I can do it so can you!  And believe me I have (had?) the kind of mind that puts the "fun" in "dysfunctional."  You *can* stop drinking! 
Every time I relapsed I added one more thing to my quitting program.  Meetings online groups books podcasts therapy etc.  Eventually i found the right combination.  It can be done!
I will not drink with you tonight. And you shall not drink with me too.
