-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/798ud2/im_new_here_i_need_help_controlling_my_drinking/

I have been drinking too much for about a year and a half now. I have struggled with my drinking habits before then rarely drank for over a year but then fell back into bad habits. ..I work from home and can drink pretty much anytime I want but I don't often drink before 5pm or so. But for too long now it's been every night or almost every night. Or I'll slow down a lot for a week and then start drinking nightly again. Maximum I'll have 375 ml of cheap rum or whiskey but more often half that or 4 or 5 beers rarely a bottle of wine (I love wine but it's comparatively quite expensive here). Every so often I'll day drink which is easy to do since I work from home and have a really easy job. ..My main motivation to stop drinking is financial as I need to save some money and that $5/day adds up fast. I also want to lose weight and be healthier. ..I didn't drink last night. Please help keep me from drinking tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

The only way to control drinking is to not drink at all. Join us here. Check-in daily and pledge not to drink for the next 24 hours. Get yourself a badge next to your name to start counting your sober days. Welcome!
[removed]
Unfortunately here at SD you'll find that most people who have tried to moderate have found that they can't. I was one of them. I know that moderation is possible because I have seen it done. However the people who are on this sub might not be the best people to give advice on how to do it.
I struggled with wanting to control/moderate my drinking as well. It was an epic fail....over and over again for years. It took a long time but I finally realized that I am an alcoholic have a problem with drinking and just can't do it. Painful at first but on the flip side of finally quitting it feels great. From where I stand I would say - just give it up for a while. See where you are at from there. One day at a time - hokey but truth. Some days just not drinking for THIS day was about all I could deal with. Good luck to you stay around!
