-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/799jjt/weekend_writing_102817/

Everyone here are some wonderful people.  Seriously.  A group of people who sometimes come here in a time of struggle in their lives still make time to encourage each other...Yet I find that forgiving yourself can be a hard thing to do.  Sometimes we can be the last to give ourselves credit for how wonderful we can be...So with that in mind -- what's one time you helped someone else.  What did you do?  How did you feel?  How did they feel?  Or if you're not comfortable with that what's one time someone did that for you?
----------immediate responses--------

Great Topic Greg!..My path has had many milestones.  Initially  stopping drinking  had to occur.  After that I could start my journey of healthy recovery...Not coincidentally both of those junctures required for me support from Others   something for which I resisted -  *Asking for Help*.   Once I could ask for support each phase became achievable.   ..Once I was *Unimpaired* I began working on my  stuff .  ..Forgiveness of others and mostly  self  have been essential....Forgiving myself was THE significant hurdle in truly healing my spirit and psyche.  I learned for me there are two factors associated with that which acted as obstacles   (1) no one truly understood all the thoughts and acts for which I felt  guilty  they were my  dirty little secrets ; and (2) my mind kept an accounting ledger with a list of all my foibles missteps  gaffes and embarrassments and developed a slide show montage to regularly remind me of where  I had not measured up .  The slide show is not bounded by time indeed it could dredge up issues as far back as my childhood and even today have the power to create a wince and visceral reaction ( remember in the 4th grade when you asked Dorothy to be your friend and she mocked you in front of the class? ).  ..I needed a support person to work through my issues.  ..With assistance I listed them.  Owned them.  Told the truth about them.  Interestingly the  truth  often shattered the illusion of the harm and the magnitude of my perceived effect and injury.  I made amends to those I had harmed.  Then I made amends to me for *how I had been treating myself*.  That was significant.  It started with sharing and telling those deep dark  secrets  to another in confidence.  Wow was that Freeing !!   Like a huge weight lifted.  A watershed.  A dam breaking.  I had carried those around on my back growing ever heavier!  ..Then came the next step   Learning that life intended me to experience something *while it was happening*.  Life does not intend for me to regularly *Rehearse* that which has already occurred.  That's my mind hijacking me from NOW.  Robbing me of being present.  ..Once I forgive myself I have room to help others.  I extend that support to anyone looking for support.  Sometimes it is to perform the same support one-on-one that was provided to me.  Most times it comes in the form of *Listening Kindly*.  For me that means being open to the other person and their experience and struggle.  Not talking about me rather truly hearing someone's story of pain and guilt.  Being honored that they will release that painful experience.  Honored that I can accompany them part of the way on their journey.  That's a gift in two directions...I try to practice the quote:.. Give without remembering; Take without Forgetting ..Not drinking with you and all the find sobernauts today!!.
Well my Mom died a month ago. I had the honour of spending every day with her for four months straight. We had brain radiation in the Hospital and she rung the bell after her last treatment. We walked and did physio together and instead of going into another hospital we earned our way into a retirement home. I spoon fed her breakfast when she couldn't feed herself in the last two months. I picked her out of bed and we wheeled outside and sat in the Sun when it was warm watched Ryan and Kelly every morning when she was bedridden and lifted her back into bed. Cleared her mouth rubbed cream on her face and hands and we ate watermelon and orange juice every day. We were alone together when she died and the last words she ever heard was I Love You as I stroked her face. If I had to tell anyone that this is what recovery is that this is what your reward would be for all your days of hard work this would be it. To be able to care for another person with love kindness support toughness and commitment. To be emotionally complete enough to be able to give completely to another is all it is. I apologize if this sounds like bragging it certainly is not my intention just the best effort I've ever made and when it was needed most. Pretty proud of myself and I know that it is directly related to sobriety. Mom had 41 years of sobriety when she passed. I sure hope she was happy and proud of the time we spent together. 
My ex is still a dear friend. She recently got diagnosed with Epstein-Barr virus and has had very little energy to take care of herself. It's painful to see how it limits her. So I made 3 quarts of chicken soup for her to eat during the week and came to her house one evening and made her dinner and cleaned up afterwards. I wish I could do more but it felt good to give her healthy food. I feel pretty self-absorbed in my life and this gave me a chance to change that for a day.
I once felt absolutely desperate and anguished and kind of zombie-walked into a Thai Buddhist temple in Albuquerque to see if I could like stand near the door and absorb some peaceful vibes. Or cry on the step or something. ..When I peered inside a young monk gestured toward a wooden bench like he'd seen me a thousand times before. Nobody spoke English and I was really happy about that because I didn't know what to say. I just sat the hell down. ..Then they started their service or meditation lighting incense and making offerings and chanting. I sat with my eyes closed just feeling really grateful and sheltered and strange. ..Then another monk touched my shoulder and I opened my eyes. He put a bowl of rice in my hands and gestured for me to eat it. So I ate it and I wanted it to last forever rice forever...Finally the service was over and I tried to thank them and say goodbye and they sort of fussed me a little like a grandmother making sure you have a scarf. I cried about eleven times throughout the morning and now I cried again. ..The next week I went back. I looked at the young monk and he nodded toward the bench and I took a seat. They gave me a bowl of rice and I felt the same gratitude and awe grain by grain. I went back every week for months...I feel they incubated me until I had the wing strength to flap on. There was something so healing in the steadiness they shared in the good simple rhythms of rice and devotion and the nurturing space itself. They asked nothing of me gave me everything and made me know that there is a love in this world that can be found in the interstitial spaces in the gap between breaths and that it is there if you go looking. It's looking for you too.
We were driving for a 4 day getaway I was the passenger said I was "sick" but knew I was too far gone to drive. Came upon a car with a flat trying to wave people for help. We stopped got our jack and changed their tire.  Got sober real fast when I smashed my finger raising the jack. However felt really good that we helped someone and somehow did not drink the rest of the day...
.
Great thread Greg thank you!..The first thing that comes to mind is the time I gave the seller of  Big Issue magazine some mince pies...Big Issue is a fantastically written magazine that homeless people buy and sell on the streets.  Their philosophy is a "hand up not a hand out".  It is also always a thought-provoking read and well worth the  2.50...I don't have a regular that I buy from.  Where I work there are always lots of sellers on different patches so it depends on the route I take.  I am really aware that some people buy the magazine and then chuck it away and I always try to stop and chat...Having said all of that on somedays I find I really don't have the strength to talk it may be that anxiety is too high whatever.  But I always always appreciate being reminded of that message of "a hand up"...We were given a huge box of homemade mince pies.  The next day I found a seller and gave them to him as a small Christmas gift.  Just in appreciation of the inspiring strength to get a life back together enough to become a Big Issue seller and start to build something from very little...And of course I felt wonderful!  I could tell he was pleased with the gift and I had managed to find a small way to say thank you and "keep going". .
I'm a Communications Instructor and an ELL (English Language Learner) tutor at a University. I love my jobs but it can be very stressful. If we want to teach and mentor effectively we put in far more hours than we're paid for and often spend a lot of free time extending ourselves to struggling and eager students. There are not nearly enough resources for these students to succeed and I can't sit by and watch students fall through the cracks because they can't access proper resources at a reasonable frequency. ..So I offer to review drafts. I give detailed feedback. I offer students (individualized resources to improve their writing comprehension and presentation skills. I offer a 2 hour weekly writing workshop on my own time. I spend countless hours preparing and revising lesson plans and assignments based on the needs of the class. I send personalozed emails to students who are struggling academically physically mentally and/or emotionally. I send emails to students doing well letting them know that someone noticed and values their hard work. I put together ELL conversation groups and "hang out" field trips to introduce international students to the city and normalize their presence here; I help them to feel comfortable and welcome when they f2f out of place. ..I do this because I feel responsible for their success and wellbeing. I care from my gut about all of them. ..I spent many years in school to work in a helping role and while "helping" been in my nature--to a fault sometimes a la co-depedency--I feel the rewards of this on a visceral level now. Before it felt more like habit. Now it feels intentional; I help with purpose. 
Man this feels a little ironic because this morning I woke up to an Instagram message from someone I haven't talked to in a long time. We worked at Taco Bell together in high school (lol yeah that long ago!). He said he was telling his mom about the time he burnt his arm in the fryer and I took him to the ER and stayed with him the entire time. I don't really remember the incident at all (sucks getting older!). But he said he was telling his mom about how good of a friend I was and he wanted to tell me thanks again. It blew me away and I told him thanks for sharing the story again...Sometimes I feel like I'm the biggest jerk in the world and one of my goals lately has been to be a better person so it really meant a lot to me just to know that someone out there has this really positive image of me and is still sharing a nice story even years later. 
I mailed my brother some Halloween supplies.  He's alone depressed unemployed and has delusions that make it hard for him to function or find any kind of peace.  He sent me texts about how excited he was and talking about the parts of the package and how he was going to use them.  It made me feel so relieved and glad that even though he has so many beliefs that make it hard for him to believe anything will ever get better he still has the capacity to be happy about something small and connected to good memories like decorating for Halloween.  It makes me hopeful.
I am very hard on myself but I know I am a kind and good person. But when I make even the smallest mistake I'm convinced that people will leave me.  Sudden abandonment has been a common experience for me romantically and it gives me a lot of anxiety around all my relationships. So the first thing that comes to mind with this is are friends who have loved and supported me even when I've made legitimately serious mistakes and acted less than myself. One friend in particular is new and after getting drunk multiple times in front of her has not seemed to judge me and continues to hang out with me. After it first happened I assumed I had demolished that potential friendship so it has helped me a lot to realize that not everyone abandons me the second I show any imperfections (and in this case I was showing much more than the minor imperfections). 
