-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/799rdb/16_more_days_until_6_months/

I doesn't seem that long...I'm still working out some kinks.  I'm still make these little decisions that I later regret on account of emotions.  Mind you these decisions are not life changing ones but rather small inner struggles that i look back upon and say "Geez...why did I do that?!??".    ..I guess I can't blame it on anything except my personality.  Maybe it's just the way I am...I'm really trying to love who I am.  I'm really trying to love that I'm alone and not with anyone.  I have friends and family who love me.  I have hobbies to no end.   I have a good job and a nice vehicle and a nice place to live.  ..There are just sometimes that I don't like who I am...Sorry for down feeling post.  I'm just trying to air out my thoughts.  Thanks for listening SD.
----------immediate responses--------

Life is always like that. No-one loves themselves all the time. We're all insecure. It's like a boat in the water bobbing up and down up and down some good some bad. We all make mistakes say things we don't mean do things we regret but it's those  bad  feelings that are your guide posts to more success down the road. If you don't feel good about doing something it's your inner voice saying  that doesn't feel good so let's not do that again . Use it as a positive. Be GENTLE with yourself you are in new territory forging new ground it's impossible to know it all. Oh and happy 164 looking forward to your BIG 6!
Hey thanks for posting. I don't feel the ott positiveness  that much either. One thing being sober has enabled me to see is how cranky I can be. I have resolve to change that but has made me feel pretty shitty. Lots to be grateful for but it is a tough journey. Stay strong..Boost
You are doing SO well! Hang in there x
Hey 16bit.  I've been a bit off this week too   I've noticed that upcoming milestones can make me a bit reflective and while things this end have obviously improved immeasurably in many areas there are still some sticking points that I don't know how to go about fixing yet..  .One thing I am sure of is that overall I'm doing a lot better at life than I was when drinking.  Please try not to be so hard on yourself we'll figure these things out I'm sure.  Close on six months is fantastic   I think we just have to keep at it!.
