-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79ahf0/fired_by_my_aa_sponsor/

My sponsor of 1 year fired me on Thursday morning. I have called her every morning at 9:15 for one year. I went to 5 meetings a week; the ones she went to. We worked the steps. I never relapsed. She was tough and I liked that I couldn't schmooze her. I THINK it was because she and her husband are 100% invested in AA (after 37 and 16 years) They go to multiple meetings a week and love seeking out meetings when they travel. Their social life is all AA. I am just not "there" yet. She wanted me to get more involved in "service" work at all levels.  I was willing to start doing service at meetings when I got back to Florida for the winter last week.  I saw her at a meeting on Tuesday. On Wed. she asked me if I was going to the meeting and I said no because my SIL just got here from Denver. On Thursday I called and said I was getting ready to leave for a 10 am. meeting. She said "I never much cared for that one. But do what you want...that's what you always do anyway." Then she said "Oh...and you don't have to call me every morning any more." I said "Are you firing me?" She repeated "You don't have to call me every morning." I said "So this is where we are now? I love you.".She replied : Love you too. See you around." I said "ok...see you around." .I hung up stunned and hurt. She as some life stuff going on; plus her beloved dog died on Tuesday. Maybe my mistake was thinking of her as a friend as well as a sponsor. SD was my only support for 5 months when I quit drinking in May of 2016. Then I decided to go to AA; quite honestly to meet other people who didn't drink. I met her and we worked together all last winter and by phone over the summer while I was up North. I found a summer home group and went to 3-5 meeting a week back home. I know she didn't think my program was "strong" enough. Part of me feels like just dropping AA altogether. Just being a normal non-drinking woman and participating more here in SD where I started.  Or maybe trying online meetings or SMART recovery. Part of me feels like I should just continue going to meetings (or maybe find different meetings) like nothing ever happened and MAYBE look for a new sponsor. Not so sure I want to share my entire personal story with someone again and have them walk away. .I'm writing this all down here just to try to make some sense out of it. I was not the worlds most diligent sponsee but I did what she asked and I did not have any desire to drink. I wish she would have told me in person. Not just "see ya around." I have not been to a meeting since Thurs. morning. (I still have no desire to drink and am 'feeling the feels" without numbing.) If you have read this far...thanks. Whichever way it turns out I appreciate SD still being here and vow to participate more with the good people who got me started on my sober path. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not in AA just wasn't my thing. I don't have any real advice just wanted to say that sponsor sounds like an asshole and good riddance. 
She sounds pretty awful to me. I personally wouldn't want to take advice who was so deeply embedded in any kind of recovery process not just AA it doesn't sound healthy. I'd meditate on it awhile and genuinely see what meetings feed you in a healthy way and focus on those maybe? One of the great benefits of being sober is a newfound trust in myself and my instincts. Best wishes!
Yeah I mean... I can feel your anxiety about her in this post and I feel it too. A person like that would suck the life from me. I'd say you're doing great wouldn't you? 
I'm sorry she responded so  matter of fact . Maybe it's time to find a new sponsor. Thanking her for getting you over the year hump. I believe God will give you the right answers through prayer and meditation. I would suggest going to a meeting today and see....You just might have an awesome experience. .Thank you for your post. 
It happens.  **People out grow what was once needed.   Some sponsors need more than you have to give them.** It all evens out in the long run...Suggest you find meetings you like - go to them.  Find people you like - gravitate towards them.  You will find what you need. What others think of the strength of your program is not really that important - what you think is (now that you have some time and your thinking is not so suspect)..There are lessons here: perhaps about need for validation perhaps in what not to do when you someday become a sponsor.    Lessons often come in costume saying trick or treat...Personally I have found having some alanon in the mix helps me as people were/are a large component in my ISMs...
Not in AA but on any level of human relationships -- whether friends work community organization -- that sounds very hurtful...Also something that jumped out at me from your description:  "Their social life is all AA."  That reminds me of why I stopped attending a church I used to be involved in -- everyone else's social life only involved other people from that church.  I was very turned off by the "us vs. them" mentality...I wish you luck you sound like you have a good handle on other resources out there.  Please keep posting and let us know how it goes?..
AA turns into sort of addiction to some people and I'm not sure it's healthy. 
So sorry this happened in such a hurtful way. We are all human and damaged. Maybe it's the end of a phase and the beginning of something else beautiful not yet discovered. Painful no matter what. I'll join you in not drinking no matter what happens. 
I went to AA  for 65ish days about a year and a half ago. I had a slip and my sponsor and I parted ways not amicably I got mad and quit the whole program. I regret that I quit the program without at least trying another sponsor because after I went out I relapsed pretty badly. I don't do AA now but if  have to go back I will.  ..Maybe just give another sponsor a whirl before you make any rash decisions about ditching the program...
Some people replace the drama of constantly drinking with the drama of being totally involved in AA which I always found seems to missed the point entirely. Too many people get caught up in identifying as their personal wounds and living in what is supposed to be a healing support group instead of moving on and having a life outside of it independent of both their addiction and the treatment. It sounds like this sponsor is completely in it for her own personal egoist reasons and as much as I hate when people say this clich  I hope you can see this separation as a good thing and a cue to move on and find your own groove within the program instead of feeling dependent on someone who clearly doesn't even completely trust her own sense of self-control. You got this.  
Sometimes our paths diverge. Yep it can be totally painful when it does for sure. But it sounds like you found a unique sober method and path that works for you and she couldn't really accept that so sometimes relationships run their course. I'm sorry for the loss of a friend; that sucks.
How rude...She didn't even clearly say to you that she is ending the sponsor / sponsee relationship.  You may wish to ask her what she wants - maybe she is willing to act as a sponsor on an as needed basis if you want that until you find another one (assuming you want to)...You might decide that you want nothing to do with her; sponsees can "fire" their sponsors too...You may not need a sponsor for a while.  There is actually nothing in the 12 steps that says you need a sponsor.  There's actually very little in the big book that says you must have a sponsor or a single sponsor.  Some people go through the program without a sponsor and just have a list of people whom they can call as needed...Whatever you decide you have support here on SD and I will not drink with you today. 
Well I hear you.  I also had my sponsor thinking my program was not enough- said I should do more "service work".  He meant AA service.  I volunteer for Angel Flight which is flying missions for people in medical need.  That did not count.  Get another sponsor.  This one has brought you to where you are now.  Get another one to bring you to the next level.  I like SMART recovery; it is less cult like to me.  
I can't offer any good advice but I know what it's like when someone you thought was a friend suddenly ditches you and it hurts. Usually it says more about them than it does about you. Big hugs x
I went to a couple of different AA meetings but at each one it felt like the members were addicted to AA. It made me deeply uncomfortable because I felt like they were still giving alcohol a huge place in their lives just from a different direction. That's not what I want for my sobriety personally. I don't want to be talking about alcohol all the time or thinking about it. I've done enough of that. I'm very sorry that you lost someone you considered a friend but it seems like your relationship was more about validating her as a sponsor than the other way around. You need to move forward in the way that works best for you and maybe that's not AA. That's ok. You're doing an amazing job and I'm proud of you.  
She doesn't sound like a healthy grown-up. I mean just because people have decades sober does not mean they've continued to evolve unfortunately. At the very least a sponsor and sponsee need to learn how to treat endings with kindness. 'Cuz there's usually a lot of them in AA!..Experiences like that help me to open my eyes to who people really are -- instead of who I'd hoped they are or prefer to see...Sounds like you deserve better to me. I have found that I need to trust what I need. If going to x number of meetings and taking to x kind of people works for me -- that's what I trust. ..All the best to you -- looks like you've got some amazing sobriety there!! I'd thank her for her time in my heart (not in person) and move right along. For myself sponsorship was not working for me -- but some meetings and a few friends in the program help me nicely and I do some service too. Perhaps that will change at some point but I'm in no hurry.
Do what you feel is right. Find another aa meeting or just contribute here. She may have had too much going on or she may think your not vested enough but I am pretty sure there noone overseeing sponsors and some are ones that need to be spondoring for themselves more than for you. Its their way of stsying sober so if you dont fit their mold of aa your out. Witchcraft!!! Lol just dont drink. You sound like your confused but dont dwell just know they helped at one point and move forward. 
I've only dipped my toe in the AA waters and I don't have a sponsor but as someone who has been fired by a therapist your post really resonated with me. ..When I moved to a new city I found a therapist who was really helpful for 3 years and after a 6 month break I called her to make an appointment left a message and when she didn't call me back after 2 days I called her again. She left a terse message on my voicemail saying that she could no longer see me because of a conflict of interest with a new patient who knew me stop calling her and best of luck. That sent me spinning: who was in her office bitching about me on a regular basis? And I was her patient first anyway! Did I do something wrong? I'll never know but I'm getting pissed just thinking about it. ..I have abandonment issues anyway so this really hit home like I couldn't even pay someone to stick around. However because I wanted to talk to someone ASAP and no traditional therapists could fit me in at a reasonable time I ended up going to a shaman who did more for me in 6 weeks than 15 years of cumulative therapy. I never would have called her had I not been at the end of my rope! ..I'm sorry that this happened and I hope that in breaking this tie you find another sponsor or path that allows you to grow even more or perhaps you and your sponsor will circle back at some point and have a stronger relationship than before. 
You sound like a great sponsee and she just needs someone that needs her more. Maybe a blessing in disguise. I say keep going to AA and find a new sponsor. 
IMHO there are really only two ways to be successful at stopping drinking long term. The first is to do the work feel the pain and process the underlying issues that led to drinking in the first place. The second is to put all of the energy time and emotion that went into drinking into "the answer" which could include religion AA or any number of other things. I wouldn't feel bad that her "answer" isn't your path. It is entirely possible to stop drinking and still be sick.  .Walk your path fulfill your intent and I for one will not drink with you today!.
I'm extremely sorry you are going through this. She doesn't sound very caring at all. If she cared about you on a personal level and not just in your involvement in AA why would she just cut you off? I'm not personally involved in AA. I've only used SD as my sounding board. Do you need a sponsor? It sounds as though you are passed the desire to drink and have the determination to stay on this path. You have 528 days under your belt. If you enjoy going to AA meetings and enjoy the people there then i say continue to do so. For me its not something I need maybe that's the case for you as well. As for your sponsor. Fuck her man. 
Thanks for sharing your story. I'm sorry you got hurt on a personal level and I'm definitely someone who wanted to enter AA with the same goal of meeting others who did not drink. After my second meeting (I had called my local office for good meetings for newcomers) a fellow asked me if I was really an alcoholic because I didn't look like one. I didn't realize there was a visual model for alcoholics. My thoughts after our conversation ended were overall positive and I knew I could be helped in my process of recovery by AA but I also had that cult-ish vibe and didn't know if AA would be what I was looking for. Sure I love the idea of service sharing my story and helping others but I don't want to make AA my life. I just want to be healthy and live a satisfactory life. I know I only went to a couple meetings but I still feel let down by the experience. I'm looking for a friend and ways to begin growing my life again. AA felt like a hamster wheel it's odd because I definitely identify as an addict but I didn't feel like I could relate to people in the meetings as far as what they took away from their experiences there. Anyway sorry for rambling and thanks again for sharing.
Ehhh. All of this sounds fishy to me. I don't go to AA for a few reasons. The first and most important one being that no one bothered to warn me or help me when I was being 13 stepped. It weirded me out that this tight knitted group of people revolved their lives around AA. Meetings every day.... friends are all AA members. Perhaps they were sober... but every stinking minute of their lives seemed to revolve around .... not drinking booze. I'm sorry. I don't find joy in giving that much power to booze over my life. I do not think about drinking that much anymore.. and god damn it... I don't need to keep wallowing over the fact it used to have power over me.  Just because she was a "sponsor" ... and just because some people who go to AA ..... hey. They might not be drunk assholes anymore... but they still are assholes.  Here's an internet hug. Being tossed aside by anyone regardless of relationships suck. But you are better than that. Hold your head up high. Find another meeting.... or not. Either way it's a-ok. 
Yeah your sponsor is not being cool sorry to hear that happened... but sponsors are fallible. The reality is you helped her just as much as she helped you and she's missing out.
Hi Lake!.I see lots of sobriety going on in your life..5 months here group home time there tons of meetings sharing your story in detail - I see the WORK you have put in. Congrats!.Be proud! (You also helped your sponsor stay sober). Does not sound like spons is leaving but your sobriety needs to be attached to you not spons. And - you have an entire world full of friends to lean on! Some people have sponsors forever some switch. It is virtually never personal. I would not over-analyze it. Be grateful for the time together and look at the success! You are amazing! Big hugs!.
I am so glad you posted - I am very interested in this topic- I didn't get sober using AA I used This Naked Mind a book called The 30 Day Sobriety Solution  podcasts - blogs meditation this site - prayer - but at about 4 months I started to feel a little funny about not having a single flesh and blood friend in recovery - so I found a very chill relaxed woman's meeting I go to once a week- - I once shared - I'm not sure if I belonged - because I did not get sober the AA way ( several people responded the only requirement for membership is a desire to quit drinking- which was nice )- I almost feel like i'm using the program for just what I need which is just the real people factor - but someone said once take  what you need leave the rest ??? Its confusing - I'm for sure not a dry drunk - I love my sobriety - and i want to fill my life with LIFE - not meetings - I started piano lessons and I hike ski - etc etc ... I mean if they push service on me - I can't really - I can never sponsor anyone because have not done the steps - and frankly if someone asked me for help - I would have to lead them to  the things that I used - I mean I would have no choice - I got sober the way I got sober  but sometimes I do think I have a real purpose there - a young woman shared last week in AA - that she's not sure she should be there because of the God thing and other things she could not relate to - I shared with her some of my stuff and she seemed happy there was someone else there that isn't exactly totally AA everything all the time ???I feel your struggle for sure ??I would be curious if you are going to continue AA and how it goes - I'm trying to figure it out myself - Thanks for your post!!!!
Hi! I can totally relate to your story. My ex-sponsor wanted me to go to a bunch of meetings every week do step work get a service position. I more or less did everything she asked me to - but it seemed like it was never enough because new demands would pop up. After six months I also realized that she didn't really have a sense of humor... It got to the point that I didn't feel like checking in anymore so I phoned her to tell her I wanted to quit and immediately she started telling me all the things I 'did wrong' and that if I wasn't willing to do the work I should quit. Like wtf?  
Sounds like the Kung Fu Master who one day realizes their pupil has grown to a point where they really can't teach them anything new anymore. Time to cut them loose and send them on their way into World. Not that we still don't have much to learn just some lessons can't be taught within a given setting. And not to say there isn't another sponsor out there with something to give. After all there are different philosophies and schools of thought and moving amongst one to the next makes us a much more well-rounded individual in the end.
Congrats on your 528 days! YOU CAN STAY SOBER: without going to any meetings without calling a sponsor (ever) without giving  service  with working any  steps . You on your own have every tool you need to stay sober. You can do this! You don't have to do anything for anyone else to stay sober.
Sorry can't even finish reading or look at comments yet. This kind of manipulative bs is why I will never go to AA. I watched my mom and step dad agonize over this petty crap for years. 
You gotta watch out for "soberstars" in AA who don't need to go to meetings anymore (i mean 30 years of meetings? ..WHY?) but still like the status or whatever. Personally I go to  meetings for support but i've never had a sponsor. I really do get goodness out of the meetings however. I've been sober for a month and if I get a sponsor it will be someone I have befriended sincerely.
The 12 steps work for so many people. I recommend finding a new sponsor and going to some new meetings and listening to some speaker tapes in the meantime. Lots on YouTube!
I maybe way off base here but I have to say it sounds like your sponsee is being petty and a little passive aggressive. She owed you a more expansive explanation that  you don't have to call me anymore.  That strikes me as either childish or egotistical...She may have stuff going on in her life but the program is at least in part a blueprint to gracefully navigate life's difficulties. My sponser's mother resently suffered a massive stroke from which she will never recover and it has effected him in ways but it has not diminished his kindness patience or compassion toward me or anyone else. ..If you do decide to stick around you can find a better sponser. ..
some of the comments about AA and this sponsor are disheartening... These people are trying to quit drinking same as us. I'm not in AA but I think I'd rather be obsessed with going to the meetings than with drinking to make myself feel good. The sponsor is human too and she's allowed to end relationships without getting called names or selfish. If she has personal stuff going on she should take care of herself. Adjust own air mask before assisting others.
This reminds me of when I was a kid and my uncle went to AA. He went ALL IN. My mom always thought it was a little bizarre she often said he just transferred addictions. Now he was addicted to AA. He wasn't spending any more time with his kids or fixing his marriage....he was the same-just sober. Don't get me wrong sober is great but I think its about balance. Anyways It lasted 10 years...He turned 50 and stopped AA and is still sober at 68. I guess everyone has their own path...
Finding the right sponsor takes time &amp; patience. Not every one will be a perfect match. Like /u/Slipcare said your needs will change over time. Not everyone needs 5+ meetings a week and not everyone needs to eat drink and sleep AA or walk around with the big book like it's a bible. ..Go to meetings and find someone who has what you want. Always strive to find the balance that works for you and your sobriety.
I've had this problem too. I've mistaked sponsors for friends and relapsed and just dropped like a fly.  
It sounds like you have a (surprise) alcoholic for a Sponsor and she is exhibiting Alcoholic behavior.  You can only keep your side of the road clean. I'd shrug it off and find another one (I have found a second one after the first one was nearly impossible to get a hold of and was obsessed about 'working a good program'). 
Sounds like she's human and going through a rough time.  That is in no way a reflection on you.  Sounds to me like you're doing amazing.  Don't let someone else's actions derail you from the progress you're making.  Good for you for getting it all written down here.  You'll bounce back from this and learn from it.  You rock.  
People like that will be present everywhere. It is your recovery and your life she shouldn't be dictating it. Sponsors are there to lead you not tell you how you should be doing things. I'm really sorry it happened that way. That sounds incredibly hurtful. ..People like that are going to be present everywhere. It isn't just AA. Do what you feel drawn to doing to help you with the tools to staying sober. That is the important thing. Also don't let this discourage you from connecting to other alcoholics. I'm glad you still have this group for support. 
Sounds like your sponsor wants to direct the show and everything would be perfect if people would just do what she says. I don't care how much time a person has when they want to have control over another persons behavior they are spiritually sick. Grant her the patience that you would grant a sick friend and pray for knowledge of gods will as to how you can be helpful to her. Now if it were me and this is only my opinion. I would decide to part with my sponsor and seek out a different one. If the program works in you both the way it was intended then one of you will eventually make the amends and admit is was their doing that made the fellowship sour. But do yourself a favor and do a fourth step on this so that you don't beat yourself down with resentments. Keep up the meetings keep up the step work and good luck.
I've been in and out for years so you may want to take my comment with a pinch of salt...The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. I think that the 90 meetings in 90 days thing is a good idea but that level of meeting use doesn't have to continue in the same way. I hope you're able to find a sponsor in your area who is a better fit for you...I noticed what I thought of as being addicted to meetings sometimes multiple fellowships. There are plenty of successfully sober people in AA who go to one or two meetings a week. ..Service is part of the program but that doesn't have to mean that you go to more meetings than works for you. You could go to X number of meetings a week and do service at one of them. You could do phone service or similar and that wouldn't tie you to a specific meeting...AA is supposed to be a "bridge to normal living". That can be interpreted as you will. I hope that you find the support you need.
I was also fired by my AA sponsor(s)..I did my 90 in 90 started doing the steps and all that but just found my sponsors controlling and that people seemed addicted to it in the same way they were to booze. I want a balanced life after drinking  not a life dominated by AA. I'm 3 years sober and never really think about having or wanting booze anymore. It was a simple switch for me. A life with my wife kids family friends and my business or with nothing?
