-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79g2zj/codependent_or_just_struggling_with_marriage/

Today is my 14th day of not drinking.   It's not been easy but it has improved my life in so many ways.... except one.  My marriage is NOT BETTER as a result of my sobriety.  I am seeking help and advice from anyone who may know what to do in this situation...My husband has always been my best drinking buddy.   We didn't drink together all the time but we enjoyed an evening of too many drinks and music on the patio at least weekly.   We also drank when we were not hanging out... He on the porch me in with the kids while watching TV or after they went to bed.    It's a pattern that we have followed on and off for 15 years.  ..Now that I am not drinking and he still is it's too hard to go sit on the porch and listen to music without a drink so I am just avoiding the whole situation.  I am not demanding he change (what a pointless endeavour that would be this is my decision not his) and he has been very supportive of me.   ..Unfortunatelly without the emotional numbing effects of booze I am feeling old unresolved resentments bubbling up within me.   I don't want to talk about them with him because we have moved on-- but for me I never dealt with my emotional baggage and the feelings are still there.  I am not  being a great wife right now because of these angry issues and I just don't want to talk to him about them--- so I go through our days being cordial but not warm or loving.  So in that way my sobriey sucks for him too.  ..Things have been tense latelly made worse by the fact that he has been dealing with sever depression and anxiety-- I feel like I am making things worse.   I love the effect that not drinking has had on me for my kids and at work.   But I am really worried about our marriage.   
----------immediate responses--------

I would advice counseling even if it is just for you.   These feelings you have been around for awhile and are unresolved.   They are not going to magically disappear.   Talking about them with someone might help.   My $0.02.  
&gt;I am feeling old unresolved resentments bubbling up within me...Congratulations on your sober progress!..When I removed the alcohol from me I was left with "alcohol-less" ME...That's the good news.  I was then able to work on what I discovered as my "Big 7":  fear resentments impatience intolerance guilt pride and fear...All the weight of my past harm and long simmering resentments was now able to bubble up to the surface...I got tools and support to address the Big 7. I'm lighter and so much happier.  Not coincidentally the people around me are too !
In my experience feelings do not tend to magically resolve on their own. I had to take action. I went to AA meetings where the 12 steps specifically have a step that deals with resolving long-held resentments. I also got a therapist and really dove into some things that I had been keeping to myself for a while. Both were invaluable to me and have helped me get to the point where these days I enjoy emotional serenity. I don't get hot and bothered and I don't spend my time thinking about things that happened in the past. Life is good!
Like our friends have already said: therapy. Both for you alone to process your new sober journey and couples counselling for the two of you to navigate your relationship and have an impartial mediator. 
Hi. I empathize with your challenges. As someone just ending a highly disfunctional emotionally volatile yet isolated marraige I know it can be tough. ..I'd heard the term 'codependcy' but didn't really know what it meant. Because for appearances both my spouse (who's also highly codependent and narcissistic yet in total deniall) and I look very 'successful' by society standards. Yet totally toxic unhealthy and uncaring relationship. ..Codependency: didn't realize how codependent I was. No boundaries. Total emeshment. Not sharing true feelings or desires because of fear of abandonment. ..Feeling fundamentally flawed and broken. Highly reactive and affected by others actions and emotions especially my wife's. ..And I didn't realize HOW MUCH my codependency and resulting internalized shame drove my drinking. ..Anyway four resources have helped immensely: .* Learning to Love Yourself by Gay Hendricks .* Conquering Shame and Codependency by Darlene Lancer.* Codependency for Dummies by Darlene Lancer .* Meditation where I just love and accept myself (if you already have experience with this you can skip the Hendricks book though it's a good read anyway)..And Lancer has a ton of good blog posts on her website...I don't know how much of what I wrote relates yet Lancer's stuff is FANTASTIC even if you're not codependent. Great info on how to be your true healthy self. ..Wishing you the best. - Thomas
Holy cow did I write this?.I'm in the same boat queenfish....sammmme damn boat...I will tell you what I'm doing but it is far from advice because I don't really know *what* to do...I'm focusing on myself.  It is difficult because it feels selfish but it is what I need to do to create new normals to be sober and actively live a life where drinking is not part of it.  This makes me feel lonely in my marriage...I go to the gym a lot and exercise helps me feel better emotionally and physically...I talk to him...when he is sober....about the reasons I quit drinking and how I need him to pay attention to our numbed out marriage and help us evolve into a better phase. That is a hard conversation and confuses him and frustrates me...I feel a 50/50 hope for us right now.....I want us to go talk with a counselor to help navigate this so that I'm not the only one talking so we'll see.  I currently see someone on and off and he has expressed zero interest in talking with anyone...that is going to have to change.  He doesn't want anything to change that is a big part of our problem...Basically I don't know what to say or do either. It is really hard when the dynamic of drinking changes and one person starts living while the other keeps dying...Sending you a hug xo. 
Sometimes sobering up clears the mind enough to see reality. It has for me and it can go either way. For me it's been good. Drunk me thought I was codependent on my SO. My SO and I also drank together a lot. When I'd drink it would stir up issues that could have just been ignored. He's got some alcoholics in denial friends I don't get along with. His dad is also a drunk who thinks I'm worthless. Sober me doesn't give a crap about any of these people but drunk me lets them all get under my skin. Sober me realizes I do love my SO and nobody else is allowed to interfere with our relationship. For you if you want to be in the relationship put some work into it and try therapy together. If you know in your heart that it's not working and you don't want it start the process of moving on. Do it all sober though.
Took me some time to break my patterns (witching hour) and the cycle of drinking-&gt;hungover and repeat. I think sitting on the porch listening to music will return but the associations may take a little time to be replaced with new ones. Rooting for you.  
I know that two weeks of not drinking probably feels like an eternity it did for me but at that point I was barely able to regulate my emotions. It probably took at least a good month for me to feel relatively stable consistently. It took another couple of months for my husband to realize that this was a lasting change and it eventually became the new normal. Our relationship and family dynamics have only continued to improve with time.
Agree with 9kindsofpie two weeks I was still a roller coaster. 3 weeks I was so angry at everything. I had to stabilize myself before I could decide what if anything to do with my SO.
