-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79gp1b/relapsed_friday_night_dont_regret_it/

After 112 days of continuous sobriety I relapsed Friday night. I had four beers and the following day (Saturday) I had two hair-of-the-dog drinks. ..I don't regret the relapse. Why? I had a defining moment of clarity in the wee hours of the morning laying in bed with a hangover. I finally realized why I drink. ..Almost four-months into my sobriety journey I have been plagued by anxiety and obsessive thinking. I feel incredibly insecure. I am not happy. Why? I don't like myself. I am a perfectionist. I am riddled with self-judgement. I berate my physical imperfections I judge my social interactions and I feel like I have to reinvent myself on a regular basis in order to "fix" what is wrong with me. ..I drank on Friday night because I couldn't handle it any more. I needed a break. From my own mind. And for the first time I saw my drinking for what it is. I drink because I want to feel good. I want to feel nurtured even if it is just for a few hours. I want to feel comforted. I need a substance to create that feeling for me because I don't know how to create it myself. I don't know how to love or forgive myself...In all of my years of drinking and attempts at sobriety I have never really understood why I drink. I do now and this knowledge is invaluable. Now that I know the why I can begin to repair my relationship with myself. I can begin a journey of self-love. I can finally begin to heal. ..Thanks for being here everyone. It means a lot to share in this community. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome awareness!  What's next?
I drink for similar reasons as you.  I never had a single  moment of clarity though it just sort of unveiled itself slowly during sobriety after months of thinking and therapy.   All of the times I relapsed prior to now I actually felt like I had made the right choice in going back to drinking because it felt so good.  Zero clarity there!
Nice really nice that you are able to now heal yourself.  
Those are very profound insights. I had kind of a similar awakening when I drank last December after a lengthy (for me) stretch of sobriety. The lapse clarified that I had not been addressing the underlying problems I was struggling with. It also proved that alcohol didn't and never had made one single thing better. ..I ultimately saw a counselor this spring. While we weren't a good fit I did get some idea of how to start addressing some thinking traps I was prone to. I'm more mindful of monitoring my thoughts taking better care of my body. Life isn't perfect but  it is so much better. I'm feeling okay in my own skin and it's good to be living as my authentic self. ..Best wishes to you! Thanks so much for sharing. 
One thing I learned in counseling in early-ish sobriety was to not compare my insides with someone else's outsides.  (Just because they look put together doesn't mean they feel any different from me and my inner mess.)  :)..Also be kind/gentle with yourself.  Treat yourself the same as you would treat a friend who was hurting or insecure or had tried their best or...
It's so hard for me to love myself as well.  I have terrible body image and I never feel as if I am working enough and I should always be doing more.  I always feel like I am a lazy person and then I start being mean to myself and tearing myself down.  Then I start loathing myself and the only way to feel better in my alcoholic mind is to drink enough that I can't really think straight so I can't criticize myself...I just feel unworthy of anyone's love often and that includes myself.  I recently started a career I love and seem to be talented at.  People have been telling me "good work" and it's really hard for me to accept the compliment because I think to myself about the shortcuts I took on the project and how if they only knew they wouldn't be saying I did a nice job...I can tell from your comment that you are intelligent and I admire you for for discipline to go so long without a drink.  It's probably been 15 years since I can say I've gone that long.
&gt;Almost four-months into my sobriety journey I have been plagued by anxiety and obsessive thinking. I feel incredibly insecure. I am not happy. Why? I don't like myself. I am a perfectionist. I am riddled with self-judgement. I berate my physical imperfections I judge my social interactions and I feel like I have to reinvent myself on a regular basis in order to "fix" what is wrong with me...You remind me of me! Alcohol wasn't a root cause of my misery but it was both a symptom and a (poor) medication for trying to mask/treat things I didn't like about myself. Not drinking isn't an instant fix but it makes the fix possible. Like turning on the lights in the operating room so that the work that needs to be done can be done...Have you thought about what specific steps you're going to take now that you've had that realization?
A lot of us here seem to have an underlying issue with self-acceptance   I'm only just figuring this out myself and haven't really worked out how to tackle it yet.  I've actually justified a relapse in the past by telling myself that my not drinking is just another failed reinvention attempt to be better/good/nice/liked!..I know now that while stopping drinking isn't going to fix all my problems I have a much stronger chance of getting to the bottom of what they actually are without the constant booze rollercoaster amplifying those negative feelings.  ..Hopefully you and I both are on the cusp of a breakthrough that'll be another giant leap forward.  You're certainly not alone if that helps.
I relapsed after nine months on my first attempt at sobriety I didn't regret it at the time and look at it now as an asset. It took me a few years to really understand what had happened to me. When I honestly took stock of my drinking and diligently searched to see if drinking was indeed my problem I saw a few patterns. The most important thing I learned about myself was how I reacted to life when I went through brief periods of not drinking. I drank from about 14 years old till I was 28 years old. There were two times during those years when I went over three weeks without getting drunk. Once while working at a summer camp where I had no access to alcohol. The other time when I entered basic training in the Army. Years later when reflecting I saw that I had totally flipped  out in the absence of drinking. Alcohol gave me great relief it was my super fuel it probably saved my life from unbearable pressure of living. Of course the years of drinking added up as did the complications from living that way. I had to stop but still needed that "relief".  It was that relief I was looking for when I relapsed. During that nine months of initial sobriety I had come to a place where I couldn't bear my own company I couldn't see a life without the relief I got from drinking alcohol. My drinking reached new proportions during my relapse and I got to the point where I couldn't imagine life drinking either. I saw no way out life was miserable drinking and not drinking I was fucked. .  With this desperation I was finally defeated and willing tot accept help. It took a lot of work and patience of those who helped me but i found a way to live a happy useful and productive life.  
That's some great self reflection. It's hard to look inside because we usually don't like what we find. Trying to let go of ego and be self aware is important for healing and growth. I am working on all of those things daily. I fail some days but the days I don't are some of the happiest and most insightful times of my life.
Same here. The only thing that fixes this is becoming focuses on proactive activities that better myself. I'm fine now in my current situation and could just settle for this but that's not what my brain wants. It won't let me. I could have my PhD be an Olympian and be the most popular most-loved person on the planet and that would never be enough. What if rather than let out anxiety kill us we focused on how to use it in a productive way? Can you imagine how successful our type would be? I've made an active decision to use the pressure anxiety puts on me to keep striving for something better. I'm competitive a perfectionist (that can control it now) and always see the big picture of life. If I have anxiety I pinpoint the specific cause and then I do something proactive to fix it. It takes A LOT of practice and I fail still but I keep going.
 #MeToo..Thanks for sharing man. Best of luck!
It's so great that you're keeping a positive outlook on this and learning from the experience rather than letting it bring you down. It took me some relapses and some counseling to realize why I drink as well and my reasons are similar to yours. I carry around a burden of guilt and shame because I never feel adequate in anything I do...Thanks for posting this. It's made me realize I need to find a new job. It's one big daily trigger and while it hasn't triggered my drinking it has a way of making me feel inadequate no matter how well I do. It also completely drains me and makes me feel inadequate at home and in my relationship. Someone in an askreddit thread last week said "People don't quit jobs as often as they quit bosses." I deserve more than a toxic work environment and I feel that down the line my sobriety will depend on it. Thanks.
I think a lot of people including myself drink to relieve stress and anxiety getting heavily drunk gives me the peace and rest my mind craves. It resets me and after I often feel better.  That said it usually then leads into months of heavy drinking leaving me feeling broken physically and mentally with a feeling of poor desperation. It's a vicious cycle.  I have been sober now for 71 days and I feel anxious. I've just got back from town which was packed full of people and I feel exhausted and edgy. I think I have been masking a lot of issues with alcohol and now finally sober these issues are rising their ugly heads. It's strange as when I'm in the midst of heavy drinking spells I think about how healthy and relaxed i would feel if only I could be sober.  The truth is that getting sober is only the start and only part of the battle. 
Oh my God that's me... I could have easily written this word for word right now. Thank you for the enlightenment. Congratulations on finding clarity. Best of luck to you.
Sending love to you.
same - i have adhd which means my dopamine levels are abnormal and often leave me in a continuous state of discomfort or agitation..knowledge is power and now i can lay strong foundations in my life to alleviate the agitation (mostly exercise diet and healthy relationships) which is the key to my sobriety 
This is why I drink. I drink because I can't cope. Because I don't know how to manage my emotions. Because I don't have any better coping strategies. Slowly I am learning to forgive myself and to practice self compassion and to have healthy ways of coping. I recommend reading up on compassionfocused therapy and DBT skills - these may help you start to process what you've realised.
I relate to your post so so much. Sobriety has given me many moments of clarity but one that has stuck out was about the concept of  perfectionism'. I also used to consider myself a perfectionist until I thought about what that really meant. It meant doing things  perfectly  to other people's standards. One day I realized that simply everything I attempt to do is perfect because it was MY work. Even if I fail it is still perfect because it was my failure and it is also perfect because it showed that I tried. ..You are perfect your sobriety is perfect and even your relapse is perfect because it is your journey taken by you alone no one else. No one can define these moments for you except for you. Once I stopped trying to live up to other people's expectations for me and started to pave my own path I only then began to love myself for who I am. It took accepting that I never want to be society's picture of  perfect' but instead a perfect for myself that I get to pick and choose and can be immensely proud of. I hope that makes sense and I wish you the best of luck you are already on your way there!
This is an important realization to come to and I certainly had a similar realization early in sobriety.  I hope this insight stays with you and influences your choices in the days weeks and years to come.  
Great insight. I relapsed last spring after 5 months pretty much for the same reasons but it took a whole summer of getting utterly miserable and basically hitting total rock bottom mentally to realize that the tradeoff of few hours of numbness vs. all things heading destination fucked really wasn't a good deal. In my case drinking was in a way also very self-destructive. ..I know now that I'm not equipped to deal with my issues by myself and will start therapy soon. When younger I found it very useful although hard to help me deal with panic disorder.
&gt; plagued by anxiety and obsessive thinking. I feel incredibly insecure. I am not happy. Why? I don't like myself. I am a perfectionist. I am riddled with self-judgement. I berate my physical imperfections I judge my social interactions and I feel like I have to reinvent myself on a regular basis in order to "fix" what is wrong with me...It's my experience that you can fix those things in the short-term by remembering progress over perfection. I know better than anybody that I'm deeply flawed and need folks to be patient with me. It seems to follow that I should be patient with myself. ..It's my experience that the long-term fix is continuous sobriety. Eventually that anxiety and the road rage and the self-doubt and the constant self nagging fade away. ..It's my experience that right this very second all we can do is live in the moment. It's simply truth that the past is gone and the future isn't guaranteed. ..And relapse isn't required but it sure does happen. I can't thank you enough for being honest and Reporting back on what you learned you have helped keep a lot of people sober today. 
This hits home.  
This is one of the best posts I've ever read. Extreme honesty and clarity. And you're right this knowledge is invaluable. Healing begins with acknowledgement. Very happy for you- 
This is great but one AA saying I believe firmly is "self knowledge availed us nothing". The concept that you drink to escape which is essentially what you've outlined is not particularly unique. I think most alcoholics/abnormal drinkers will tell you that. ..I will not beat you over the head with AA because I don't know how you feel about it but something in this round of sobriety needs to change. Do you need more accountability? Do you need some therapy to work on your self? Do you need to do something to build self esteem? ..You didn't drink because of what you discovered because all of those things existed the 112 days when you did not drink. You drank because you made a choice after a period of clarity. The real issue is what situation you put yourself in to make that choice and how to avoid it now. And it will be through action in my experience not self discovery. 
I had to double read this to make sure I didn't write it. Great post man. IWNDWYT
Excellent insight. 
What was your drinking like before you got sober? Because right now if you don't take some drastic action you're in great danger of returning to that place as I'm sure you are aware..
I learned a lot from my relapse two months ago. Unfortunately one thing I learned is that even though my relapse was brief I didn't get to pick up right where I left off in sobriety. In some ways I was back to square one...The thought process in my mind is "I only have a few weeks what the heck I can drink tonight and start over tomorrow". Or "the last relapse wasn't that bad I was able to stop after two days. I can probably just do that again"...The problem is this type of thinking is a slippery slope that leads right back to constant drunkenness. Therefore I have to stay sober...Long story short the next 6-8 weeks are going to be a critical time. Whether it feels like it or not you are on shaky ground. If you want to stay sober you'll need to rededicate yourself to working your program whatever that may be.
You seem to realize that you just slippedYou picked yourself up No foul..You Are on the right track.. I will not drink with you today!
Love yourself. Its harder than loving another person because you never really know whats going on inside their head. But you do know your own pain fears weaknesses and insecurities. Sit with them. Be gentle to them. And accept them. Experience the discomfort. Remember that no one is perfect and we all need to grow and change each and every day. 
Yeah I've read one woman call her drinks "a warm hug." They do the same for me. 
Thanks for posting this. I'm at 90 days and this weekend was my first time really feeling the urge to go back to my old ways. ..Thank you for helping me get focused again.
Self-discovery is a journey of depth not distance... Safe Travels on your continued Trek. 
Fuck yeah bro.  Great perspective.  Great attitude.
i'll keep an eye out tomorrow for these feelings.
Sounds familiar. I get this so much. Im kind of an uptight person and feel like the only way people will like me is if I am drinking. I dont know the answers but i know if i keep drinking I will never find them. I had some difficult social interactions this weekend but did so with out alcohol and felt extremely anxious the whole time. Socializing takes so much effort. .I am glad you found some answers that will help you
Well done sounds like an epiphany...
Yes! I love this awareness. To me regret is such a pointless heavy emotion. I do understand the point of looking backwards to learn but to wish we could change things we know we cannot? It is a detriment to our growth and progress...This was a HUGE problem for me when I first began recovery. I struggled with overcoming guilt and shame. I spent days in bed beating myself up for things I had done. It became another addiction for me. "Look at how terrible you are." I thought I was unworthy of sobriety and the happiness it would bring. Woof what a time that was. ..Self-compassion was the thing that saved me. Mindfulness. Present moment awareness. I'm so so happy for you that you've chosen to look at your drinking this way. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Thank you for sharing - this is very similar to my personality type as well so I completely get where you're coming from you're not alone! I use alcohol to get out of my own head because I'm constantly analyzing and planning and it's ...exhausting. What works for me is doing things that make me feel more in control like tidying up around my house or journaling or hobbies that allow me to create. Those keep me busy but I can also be in control of them. Also - when you're thinking about drinking it's really helped me to say out loud - 'this is the version of you that doesn't love yourself. if you loved yourself you wouldn't do this. you would want to be healthy and you would want to remember everything tonight. don't do that don't hurt yourself.' 
4 beers gave you a hangover? That's pretty amazing. 
Yeah I hear you. Overwhelming anxiety and self loathing check and check...I used to skip brushing my teeth because I was a waste of good toothpaste. But eventually it became an opportunity to tell my self that I was worth the effort...I dont know if it was quitting booze or just getting older but things  can get better and given time they often do.
That's pretty powerful. Good on you. Stay strong.
Thank-you for this. Proof that good can come from bad! You just reminded this long-timer about quite a few important things that I know but easily forget. So again thank-you sincerely. ..I found what I was looking for at the bottom of the bottle a way I could sort of feel "drunk" all the time but without the repercussions sort of "drunk on life." They say "Live in the moment"! Well hell I had no problem doing that when I was drinking! They key was doing that WITHOUT the drinking---argh that was so frustrating! ..No heel-clicking or wand waving worked but I was shown a long stair case and told if I walked up each step (more than 12 actually--a *lot* more) deliberately and solidly (and not too fast) that I could make some good headway. "They" were right (why couldn't I think of that??!!)...Funny thing is I'm still waiting to get to the top! The more steps I climb the more I see there are! It's sort of like the *journey not a destination* thing. And life is not too cruel: each step up is a struggle but I'm growing. The straightways--the flat surface of the step--is where I can rest just a little take in the progress and steady myself for the next step up...To infinity and beyond!! :)
Hi miss b!..I went through something very similar. For me I did not know how or even why I should practice self love and reliance. I knew nothing about the "isms" of my alcohol-ism until I read a book on codependency got therapy and got to the roots of things. I saw my low self esteem and need for control for what it was and grew from it. ..My anxiety was awful yep. .It was hell and then I would drink and that would bring a worse hell...Reading and therapy helped doing the work to be kind to myself and learn what that meant not needing outside validation not needing control over things places people... a whole other form of surrender.....THEN I was able to come in here and experience real sobriety. ..I still have anxiety sometimes but I have new tools and new feelings about present me and future me...Sorry this is so long you have a lot here to read already haha but yeah welcome home. You've got this now...Your 112 days counts as worthy sharing experience - not to be ignored or shoved aside - that's a big accomplishment! You're on a great path!..Much love - JE    WNDWYT.
Can I ask did your cognitive speed relapse ... do you feel like your general health progress fell back a bit ... ?  What horrified me was how dumb I had become on alcohol ... I am thankful that has scared me enough to keep me sober ... I just can't stand not having my mind as sharp as it can be  ...  
When I first stopped drinking one of the first things I did was find a therapist. Like you I believed that once I knew why I drank I would have an easier time quitting. So far that has turned out to be the case. I don't feel like I need escape from myself and those times I need a mental break I am able to use a hobby instead of booze. Good luck on your journey. 
I wound up acquiring a mentor a few years ago. He taught me to work "on" myself in four areas: emotional physical financial and spiritual security. I chipped away at each of these little by little over the years and as I grew in each area I *became* a better man and gained control and confidence over my life. For me alcohol was something that I used to 'hold on' to the old me and now that I've finally let that go as well I am on the perfect platform that I've built to reach all of the goals I ever wanted. ..&gt; I don't know how to love or forgive myself...I found that as I achieved more in each of those four areas the healing came very easily and naturally.
I was recently diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder (OCOD) which is actually much different than Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and you're describing some of the traits so you might be worthwhile to look into it. [Here you go...](https://psychcentral.com/disorders/obsessive-compulsive-personality-disorder-symptoms/)
Must recommend Brene Brown's  The Power of Vulnerability  (Audible as it's a recording of a live course.) Unbelievably helpful in all areas - self love better relationships why we act the way we do what triggers us. It changed my life.
This rings so incredibly true for me.
I can relate. My sobriety has come with irony; clear mind = greater ability to ponder life...
This is it exactly for me. Drinking alcohol to get a break from my own mind and to feel nurtured and okay in the world. It's such f*cked up thinking. On the positive side I've stopped so many times since joining SD and although I keep resetting that damn badge I've broken a pattern of drinking most of a bottle of wine almost nightly. It's getting easier to skip days here and there and string a bunch of sober evenings together with the help of a certain fancy flavored seltzer. The longest non-drinking period so far I think was maybe 50 days. Tonight I was walking to the wine shop and I just thought you know what I really can't be bothered to drink tonight. The compulsion just wasn't there. So I came home finished cooking dinner and drank a bottle of seltzer. There are so many wise words in this thread. I'm grateful to be reading them with a clear head.
I'm more surprised that you were hung over after 4 beers :/
i relapsed after about 2 months and i had that moment where i knew that drinking would be disaster and death. Yesterday i had 20 years sober. i that say that with ego but with HOPE!!! hang in there and it will get better.  
Jesus I could of wrote this. It is exactly how I feel I too have a pattern of drinking every 2/3 months. Then I get right back on the wagon eat crazy healthy run 15/20 miles a week obsessively clean my house spend every minute with my kids work on opening my business then I need a break and drink.I need to feel good stop the madness do something for me. Then the cycle starts again. .I always thought drinking was a symptom of a much deeper problem. .I think the catalyst is the anxiety which creates the obsessive thinking and actions. I overdo everything. That anxiety fuels intense self criticism and desire for perfectionwhich is unattainable which in turn creates utter self loathing. .I guess the answer is reprogramming my subconscious thoughts. I have conditioned myself to think that drinking is a break an oasis A life raft of sorts That I need once in a while to survive. . I'm reading The Naked Truth and Integral Recovery. I'm digging both of them. Hopefully I can find a new a new "break" or "raft". One that is real and actually works. Until then I will just not drink with you tonight.
I relapsed last night after almost a week sober it happens but we just have to try and stay dedicated to staying sober and keep our minds occupied with other things IWNDWYT. 
I came to a similar realization about myself in my Intensive Outpatient Program when I first stopped drinking. During a guided imagery exercise I realized I didn't love myself hell I didn't even like myself. ..That's where the second phase of my sober journey began (first phase was admitting I had a problem). Healing had to begin with me; within me...Learning the root cause(s) is extremely helpful. I'm glad you learned something that can help you succeed in whatever you pursue in life. IWNDWYT.
I am so glad you realized this.  I think a lot of us struggle with emotional need and don't realize it.  Sometimes it is nice to just disappear into something and not have to worry about impressing someone or putting on a show or what someone will think about what you are doing.  For me that usually meant drinking.  Friday it meant f** it Friday and going to race go-karts sans the wife.  I love my wife don't get me wrong but sometimes I need a little me time and I think we all do.  I hope you take this new realization and work out how to love and forgive yourself. 
It can be very cathartic to be on the absolute edge of drinking feeling like you are about to spiral down like you always do and then coming out on the other end.  The other end could be like your experience or in some other cases it can be finding the one thing that you had always been missing in that moment that kind of put the missing puzzle piece in its place.  Whatever it is its usually different for everyone but as long as you keep an open mind and keep confronting it regularly you may someday just find some peace at least.  Good luck!
Might be time to take that newfound clarity into the rooms of AA. I personally need the support structure and accountability that AA provides so I am tossing out the suggestion. Try doing something different and you may get different results. 
Wow what a powerful self observation.. good luck &amp; u got this! 
I hope you remember all of this a month from now...Relapses are a slippery slope to ending up exactly where you used to be. 
I related strongly with this:..&gt; I needed a break. From my own mind...In the first couple weeks of not drinking I didn't feel a craving for alcohol but I felt a strong need to *escape my own head*. Like...to take a break from my mind while still being awake and aware. For me that feeling left pretty early on but I still remember it and how strong it was...Good luck to you!
Thank you so much for sharing this miss_beaujangles_2. It has certainly made us all think and I have found everyone's comments invaluable. There I was just treading water to stay sober not really thinking about why I drank in the first place and now I have a whole lot more to arm myself with when I'm on the cusp of ruining my sobriety. .Definitely my favourite post so far and to think I only discovered this place 6 days ago! I wish you well and all the other wonderful people on here and raise my mug of tea in not drinking with you today x
I went to SMART meetings several years ago and intensively worked the program. It helped me stay sober for a stretch of time. The ABC's were incredibly useful-I still use them to this day for drinking struggles and other issues where I need to correct false belief systems. 
Wow yeah this is exactly why I drank too. To fill the void within myself where love should be. Learning self-compassion is difficult. I'm finding mindfulness very useful though as well as examining what I expect of myself in regards to change. Allowing myself time for small incremental change isn't something I'm used to doing. I usually expect myself to be perfect at everything right away. I need those small increments though.
Absolutely you described my cycle exactly. Obsessive exercise healthy eating overworking etc. As the months wear on my ability to keep up with my own expectations gets worn down. Then I throw my hands up drink and the cycle repeats with varying lengths of sobriety. ..This Naked Mind is a fabulous book. I've listened to it several times. You'll have to let me know how the other book turns out. 
Awesome thanks for the suggestion! I listen to audio books at work so I'll definitely download this one. 
I totally hear you - and have likewise felt flat/anxious/depressed since quitting 60-some days ago. Keep in mind that people with alcohol or other drug problems often have a "broken" dopamine response (the feel good hormone) which is one of the reasons they turn to alcohol in the first place. In other words keep in mind that there is likely a chemical imbalance that was present before you started drinking. Seek other ways to increase dopamine levels such as exercise etc. and don't rule out antidepressants if that's warranted (I have not gone down that route myself but am considering it). Often antidepressants don't work effectively if combined with alcohol so if you've tried that before and it didn't work perhaps it might work this time. Take care!.
Understanding why then working on healing the why is key.  This road back to me as Lisa A Romano so beautifully puts it is hard but I have faith that I will repair myself.  Booze is an illusion of relief when in reality it's just another delay to feeling whole.
