-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79iown/secretdrinker_shame/

35/f married to a wonderful guy for 3 years together for 8...I've always had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol tended to drink to excess when I did drink but it wasn't often... Only parties/nights outs/special occasions...I've been dealing with anxiety/panic attacks my whole life but in recent years it really started to affect my day-to-day life my relationship and my overall well-being. Started drinking regularly most nights to take the edge off.  Was easy because husband made wine at home and was always available to me. He started noticing I was overdoing it on the regular tried to help me slow down. I got agitated because I didn't like him making comments or taking that extra drink out of my hand. I was embarrassed that he was recognizing my addiction and calling me on it. He's seen me sloppy more times than I care to admit...To avoid this I started secret drinking probably 2 years ago buying and hiding my booze out his sight and guzzling before he got home from work or late at night when he was in bed. I'd then try to hide evidence of my drinking before he discovered it. He does occasionally notice when I'm drunk and asks if I've been drinking I lie and say no trying to play it cool and sober. He's found empty bottles I've hidden and can smell it on me sometimes too. Yet each time he doesn't notice (or at least say something) I figure I've gotten away with again. I'm ashamed of this because he is my partner my best friend and I don't want him to know how bad it has gotten. ..Further to this the babe he married 3 years ago has packed on 50+ lbs of weight (from booze late-night drunk munchies laziness and sleeping off hangovers) And I've wasted so much money on secret booze...I told him 18 months ago that I thought I was an alcoholic. I stopped drinking for 23 days and seriously thought I was onto something. Then I thought I'd try drinking in moderation. When I started up again my habits were even worse than before. Drank more and more frequently. Showed up hungover for work and struggled to concentrate on my work...Friday night he went out with the guys and I hadn't drank in 3 days. Decided to stop at the liquor store and get a 26 of rum and bottle of wine. I drank the rum until I passed out and woke up at 7:30 am and decided to continue drinking because it was Saturday I'm a grown-up and had nothing else to do all day. Drank several more and went back to bed waking up at 4 in the afternoon. My entire Saturday was shot. We made plans to have dinner with friends and I opened the secret wine I had picked up the night before. Drank half the bottle before meeting up with them and was thoroughly buzzed during dinner. Realized I didn't enjoy how I felt while trying to socialize with my friends- foggy sloppy and tired...I woke up at 3am today remembering I still had half a bottle of secret wine and considered drinking it. Instead poured that sweet precious booze down the sink and went back to bed. A small but important victory for me...I've got a long way to go to be healthy again but I'm done being hungover unhappy with myself and most of all keeping this shameful secret from the best person I know...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey and welcome to this community - Its so supportive and helpful. Just wanted to say your story is exactly my story - I'm a 37 year old guy but other than that our stories are the same. You can do this! 
Sending you an internet hug I feel for you.  Read lots on here   there are loads of different experiences and resources and suggestions; see what you think you can try that'll help you most.  I lurked on this sub daily since I quit this time   it's made a huge difference for me.  Download and read This Naked Mind free from the sidebar if you need something to do   it really helped me change a lot of what I thought about drinking and recognise the difference between what it used to do for me and what it actually does now!  ..Honestly if I could break out of my drinking habit you can too.  Best wishes   I won't drink with you either :)
Welcome friend. I hear you loud and clear. Our minds are like "where's the next drink?" That is the awful part of this addiction. Normal drinkers don't get. I had to try and fail at moderation a few times to know...nope...I just can't do it. I can never drink again and that's great with me. You can do this. It takes time and patience. One moment at a time. One day at a time...I won't be drinking with you today.
 Welcome! You can do this for YOU and your guy. Thursday I dumped the last of my 14 hiding places. Yes I was a secret drinker also. Vodka being my choice I could fill a water bottle 50/50 and no one knew. Now 7 days later it is plain water. But the urge is on high alert today. We must take it one hour at a time. I have 23 entries in my book already today as I try and not drink with you today.
Check in to SD every single day. Multiple times/day. Post often. Post as much as you want. I will not drink with you today. It was when I got to just about where you are now that I finally decided I was in trouble. The hiding of drinking began to really scare me and I knew I had an issue. For me the only way to not hide drinks was to not drink at all. I'm excited for you to join me in not drinking and I could use your support.
Absolutely! And I appreciate your support as well. Already seeing how supportive and open this community is. So glad I finally spoke up. Time for me to put an end to the shame.
Secret drinking yeah... I'm never as secret as I tell myself and it's always a greater strain on the relationship than I'll admit. Even if she doesn't know (right...) I do and that secret lies between us...Welcome to SD the nicest place there is! I'm glad you're taking action. It's good to have you!
Well done you.  I can't say how proud I am of you.  I could have written your post- I have been there.... and much worse.  Take it from this old guy... you will be a babe again soon before you know it.
After a few months of not drinking I started again. Thought I could be a social drinker. Nope. Pretty soon I was hiding bottles too. My husband doesn't drink and has no sense of smell (and apparently I appear sober even when quite tipsy) so he didn't know. I am scared to tell him that I relapsed. I wish you good luck! I will be following you disco. We can do this!
I read a lot of my story in your post. I was 37 when I quit.  I don't miss that crush of shame when I open eyes first thing in morning one bit.   
I have gone down that path with some eating disorder stuff (hiding junk food) as well as alcohol and a particular drug and coming clean to husband and having his support was such a huge relief! Even if he is able to drink and use occasionally in moderation with no problems and he doesn't fully  get it  being open and vulnerable has really strengthened our bond. The sneaking around and hiding got better. I felt like I had both someone to help me get better and to be accountable to. I hope you have some open talks with your guy when you feel ready I think it will help more than you think. :)
I could have written this. I don't know how my fianc  hasn't left me yet - it's a cycle of secret drinking lies the truth comes out many promises never to do it again....and then I do it again...I want to stop both for him and for me. This place is such a great support - I drifted away for a long time  but I'm back now and I appreciate everyone here so much...I will not drink with you today!
I can so identify with you here but have never been brave enough to tell my best friend my husband who deserves a much better me. I used to think I might be a functioning alcoholic who sneakily hid the empties of the wine I had bought on the way home from work. But I became less  functioning' when I was constantly run down and hung over and I would hate myself for that. I can't tell anyone I know I have an alcohol problem so I'm so glad I found this place 6 days ago and I hope it helps you too. I will join you in not drinking today x
Welcome!! I'm so glad you're here. I will not drink with you today!
This sounds so much like my lead-up to sobriety. I was drinking too much then secret drinking then began day drinking then multi-day and night drinking. All while keeping it a secret from my partner and friends. Looking back I am so ashamed to realize   they could tell it was no secret they just didn't know what to say. Now they tell me that there were times that they didn't realize I was drunk right away but that I was acting strange or they saw me slipping in my behavior at work and in social situations. I have so much respect for you for pouring out that half bottle of secret wine   I know what an effort that took. I applaud you and hope that you have many many more victories in the future each better and stronger than the last. 
Thank you for your story and good luck!
