-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79iqtt/i_think_death_is_more_appealing_than_relapse/

I am starting to hate life sober so suicide is considerable at the moment. I need to know if this is normal or if I'm not mentally healthy. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi M!.Yes it is normal..Lots of people go through exactly that...For me it ended up that I had other stuff to deal with..(codependency issues/no self love)..I can tell you that it IS worth it to stick around and find out. .I am so glad today that I didn't off myself...One superb trick I needed to start using in my darkest hour was I said "Hey if my life is crap and I'm done I might as well donate it to someone else." I started to use my time helping others...For some reason getting into service to others got me out of my own head to the point where I actually started to feel better. ..I did therapy too got into prayer. I was surprised it helped but it worked also...I did sort of a multi-faceted approach and I guess everything meshed...For certain though one thing you have now is a million friends all over the world - a sober network - we are in every city. And yeah I have heard tons of us expressing the same thing you are...Pull up a chair. :)..
AM NOT A DOCTOR..That said this seems fairly normal. IMO when suicidal I need to take good mental inventory of WHY I am suicidal...If I have good reason (and in my case I do) then it IS COMPLETELY OKAY AND NORMAL to feel that way. We are given free will either by nature or our creator and our lives or ending them is our choice and therefore a normal and natural thought process..Where people with addiction often struggle is that we have spent SO LONG numbing and changing our emotions it can be very difficult to recognize what are 'true' emotions and which are not...For example I get angry very very quickly when half asleep. Things I would never even bat an eye at become horrible offenses against me while drowsy. So that's not a 'real' emotion...It's good to self reflect when getting sober. I recommend trying to figure out the root cause of your emotions and once you feel that you have made progress that way take whatever action you feel is right whatever takes to bring you peace...Sobriety HELPS us solve problems. Sobriety solves nothing on its own.
Also not a doctor but I've been having such thoughts lately. For me drinking was often a temporary suicide so I think it makes sense. I've been trying to listen to the rational side of my brain and I have no plans to harm myself but the ideation is definitely there. Let's not drink anyway!
