-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79l1ib/1_year_thank_you/

This sub has been a huge help to me over the last year. Recently I haven't been reading posts daily like I did for the first ~ 6 months. I've felt a little less committed to sobriety than I'd like. By that I mean I've had some ideation about the possibility of drinking again in the future; not any close calls about actually drinking now though (if that makes sense). ..I thought about doing a long post bringing it all together after a year and may do that at some point in the next couple of weeks. For now since someone may be reading this who is at the beginning or has stumbled into this sub and are in the midst of working through your thoughts about drinking and aren't sure if you need to quit I'll take the opportunity to say:..Quitting drinking has been the best decision I've ever made. 2 years ago I would never have guessed I'd be here. ..You'll sleep better. Feel better. Look better. You'll have more time. ..You'll save money. ..Waking up sober is the best. Physically it's amazing. Mentally- not starting the day with shame regret or having to sort through the night before is fantastic.  NO ONE has ever woken up and wished they'd drank (or drank more) the night before. This has helped me avoid thinking about FOMO a few times. ..I am actually down ~35 lbs.  I am 6'2  and went from 206 to about 172. If you're early on and haven't lost weight yet- take heart. I didn't really start dropping weight until around May. I think it can take a while to recover hydration restore homeostasis sleep liver function improving etc. I wasn't strict with my diet early on- if I wanted ice cream I ate it as long as I wasn't drinking.  At times I felt like I could feel my liver dumping fat. ..Being sober in a world of alcohol obsession is like having a super power. We increase by decreasing. We add to our lives by simplifying and removing things. Denial of self isn't bad- it's actually how we empower ourselves. This applies to substances debt food sexual gratification.... being owned by these things (even being convinced we are actually enjoying it and in control) are the root of much unhappiness. ..I still struggle with the  A word . Am I in  recovery ?  I dunno. I was  high bottom . It was just excessive too often and more than anything it was my thinking around drinking that became exhausting. Moderation is just too much work.... and for what? ..Highly recommend Allen Carr and This Naked Mind (Annie Grace). For me seeing alcohol as something you no longer have to do as opposed to something valuable that you're no longer able to do is huge. I gained a life by quitting.  Freedom. It doesn't take willpower for me not to punch myself in the face and drink lighter fluid; why should I fret about not consuming a particular beverage that confers no benefit and wrecks me?..Back to the  A word  - I've heard that an alcoholic is someone whose life gets better when they stop drinking. Ok not a lot of clinical precision there but does it really have to be more complicated than that? If your life would improve then do it. It is the single biggest bang for your buck thing you can do for yourself that significantly impacts every part of your life. ..I think the most concise expression of the human condition is what St Paul said in Romans 7:15-..I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do but what I hate I do...Figure that out and you're almost home. ..Thank you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Darryl..LOVE THIS: *'Being sober in a world of alcohol obsession is like having a super power."*..I Lol'ed at the punching in the face/lighter fluid part - you are correct! Why do something that hurts me knowing it will hurt me for a few expensive moments of slurring gratification? Waking up with no hangover is a better high than the drinking buzz was!! Hah!..Ah - and Romans - I really like Rom 8:28 ..IWNDWYT - congrats on a year!!!!!  :) :) 
What stood out me  newbie is this: "Being sober in a world of alcohol obsession is like having a super power".I love super hero stories movies etc-this is great!
Thank you for this. I'm only 38 days in but share what your saying. Moderation (and failing at it repeatedly) is soooo much work...Interesting about drinking again in the future. I wistfully think about a glass at Christmas or sharing a bottle on holiday in the future but I really think it's all just romanticising and fantasy...I'm sober and I haven't been happier in a long time. I don't want to drink today. Actually and this came to me last Saturday evening it's not I don't want to drink I'm indifferent to it; I didn't care to drink. And when I look to Christmas on the day at the hour Turkey in front of me will I actually want it that much? I'm not sure...Sorry a ramble! Well done sincerely on a year! 
Congratulations on A YEAR! And your superpower. :)
Congratulations 
Great read. Thanks for posting
"It doesn't take willpower for me not to punch myself in the face and drink lighter fluid; why should I fret about not consuming a particular beverage that confers no benefit and wrecks me?"..And THIS about sums it up for me. Simply tired of beating myself up with alcohol and then mentally emotionally spiritually beating myself up again after a bender. ..Just not worth it any longer. Congratulations on one year. And thank you. :-) Thomas
