-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79lrgt/how_to_get_drunk_and_lose_others/

I imagine there's an alternate universe where Dale Carnegie is perpetually wasted and doesn't win friends and influence others. He's just like drunk...Last Friday I got wasted. I had been relapsed for a while now. Frustrating I guess. Same cycle again. And just to make it even more of a bad cycle. I get home after the bar go up the stairs and my ex is there. I told her that she could come to my place while a party was at her house. I knew when I sent the message it was a mistake. (I think that it was under the assumption that I wouldn't be drunk and I wouldn't fuck it all up by messing around with her again.) And now that I am drunk swaying there it felt like the worst timing. I knew before the blackout what was next. I had been down this road before with her after being drunk and us breaking up and having a nice friendship...And there it was. She spent the night. I get up out of bed just feeling like utter shit. Not because of her but because of me. Because I am replaying the same dumb pattern with her again and that sucks. ..And I feel shitty and bummed because I know this is going to end up with me losing a friend. Because I had to get drunk and not think with my head. I had to be selfish and I know she's thinking this time it will be different. But I just know that it won't. That I will be myself and push her away. Not because I don't care about her fuck I just I don't know. I just don't know. It's dumb and I'm bummed. ..Not drinking with you. I am so done with this pattern. It's the same dumb ass ride and I am tired of it and now I am going to push myself past it and beat it. I am going to be a better person. No more running. It took last Friday to realize that I am literally just repeating myself whenever I drink.
----------immediate responses--------

You got this man you can do it. 
It is good you posted this. Once you have spent some time sober  you may forget why you quit in the first place because life seems better now so you may want to pick up a drink again thinking you can handle it this time. So before you do come back and read this post you wrote. It will remind you why you started and will help you to keep going. All the best :)
I know exactly what you're going through. Hell my recent stupid decisions are more embarrassing than yours because I was wasn't even drunk when I made the mistakes. Just got carried away with my sporadic emotions and "forgot" that it's much better to keep at a healthy distance from her and remain as just friends who barely talk. Not because it's her who causes trouble for me but because I'll be the one who causes everyone misery by being the insensitive jerk that I can be. I totally feel where you're coming from. Not drinking is the best way to reduce the chances of us getting in these painful situations.
Sometimes it's when you hit a rough patch that you actually start to take action in your life. Yes you got drunk and texted your EX but this decision won't haunt you forever if you make a change. Drinking's fun but when your life is not heading in the direction you want and you made a decision because you were drunk should mean it's time to take a break.
