-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79o6ji/new_fears_at_64_days/

Well...some irregularities in the pregnancy resulted in the hard decision to terminate. I feel it is for the best but am sad and struggling a bit. .I was sober for about a month before getting pregnant but both the pregnancy itself and the symptoms helped me stay sober a LOT. I had zero cravings physically for alcohol and it was very unappealing to me. .Now I'm back to normal and getting there physically I am very worried. .The biggest obstacle for me is moderate drinking as part of a meal. .About 4 months ago my BF and I had a "once in a lifetime" meal at a celebrity chef's restaurant in a landmark on vacation and honestly...I'm not sure that meal would have been the same without the wine and cocktails we had. .We didn't get drunk and weren't hungover but my fear is that kind of drinking will slip into the every day or every other day overdoing it fuzziness bloating and hangovers/dragging. .I struggle with the idea that I can never again be part of society do something that millions are doing or take part in special occasions fully. .Logically I know it's more about the food people and places but...I still struggle emotionally. .Thanks all for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry for your loss. Allow yourself to grieve. 
Thanks for sharing.  You sound like a really strong person. ..The other day I saw a bottle of really good scotch that I used to love drinking and I had the thought "Oh no. I'll never get to drink that again. Why didn't I consider that before I stopped drinking?" But the person I was with asked me at that moment if I miss drinking and I told her honestly that the answer was usually no.  The all-too-frequent mediocre binges are not something I miss.  And I might miss the taste of that good scotch but how often did I actually have a glass of it?  A few times a year?  Suddenly I was able to realize that I'm actually OK with the price of sobriety and all the good that has come/will come from it being 3 glasses of scotch or the rare fancy artisanal cocktail that I might miss. ..Anyway I think the "one day at a time" rule might be helpful.  Missing out on those possible future "once in a lifetime" drinks is a worry for the day you're going to have that amazing experience.  You can decide then if it's worth it but you might decide then that you can take part in life just as fully or more fully without the drink. Until then it's only today you need to consider :)
I know what you mean - the pairing of wine with food. I also loved tasting local booze when traveling to other countries...but really when I strip it all down I loved trying booze. Period.   I was tempted to order a virgin martini the other night LOL just put a couple olives in a glass?  Pretty ridiculous. ..I know I can't moderate. I simply don't want to try anymore it is easier for me to have zero and I'm OK with that right now.
