-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79pped/dealing_with_shame/

Firstly I drank again over the weekend but I'm not giving up...A big reason I drink is because I want that VOICE in my head to be quiet. It's a voice that has been there since far before I started drinking. Always saying negative things to me. And drinking does make it go away. I can get drunk and watch TV for a few hours and not feel bad. When I wake up the next morning in addition to feeling like shit physically the voice is back worse than ever. And so far even in some periods of sobriety the voice remains. I'll be walking down the road lost in thought and I'll suddenly think of something major or minor that I did that I don't like about myself out of the blue and basically feel I'm beyond fixing. Almost every day sometimes for several hours a day...I have termed this self-hatred for quite some time and I think that is accurate but I have come to realize recently through being told by someone else that this voice is filled with shame. This feeling that I'm deficient or incorrectly made and need to hide it. I've felt that way since years before I started drinking. It has manifested itself in so many ways - pefectionism eating disorders obsessive exercise always comparing myself to others isolating myself from relationships.I look like a successful picture of someone who turned their life around after getting a DUI in 2011 - a career that rapidly advanced active in church pretty fit for my age patched up relationship with my family and just started (so far successfully) graduate school full time. Most people don't realize that after I got the DUI I've drank much more than before...I have felt so powerless to control myself long-term because eventually I always end up getting so wound up that I will relapse to relieve the stress. The realization that I am having and hope is true is that I need to address my shame. I realize that alcohol WILL temporarily mask the problem but in the end cannot fix it and actually makes it worse...A good friend in recovery said I need to make a decision. I have decided many times that I should stop drinking but the feeling never lasts. I haven't given up but I am wondering if I can reframe that decision..I'm grateful to everyone on this message board and I'm not drinking with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome glad you are with us today.  I think I have the same self hatred core belief that I am not enough.... pretty enough thin enough successful or smart enough not a good enough person the list is endless.  I used to and still do have an inner voice telling me that all the time from waking until bedtime.  I am slowly learning how to love myself and this page has helped me tremendously.  Be kind and patient with yourself learning anything new takes time and change is hard.  be proud of yourself everyday
Congratulations on your sober progress!..When I removed the alcohol from me I was left with "alcohol-less" ME...That's the good news.  I was then able to work on what I discovered as my "Big 7":  fear resentments impatience intolerance guilt pride and fear....I addressed my past.  The parts where I harmed others and/or embarrassed myself.  Apologized made amends and the weight was lifted!
Well...two things that really helped me steer my life in a different direction:  Many posters have chose to give that voice a NAME!  I named mine Shitheade - as she is a ShitHead and it's easier to blow her off that way.  Secondly - read the book "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace - you can get a free download in the side bar.  It helped me- and others have posted too - that it helps answer the question of how can I live without drinking.  Seriously - you might be amazed at how the way you look at alcohol will change after reading.  And please - don't dwell on the Shame.  You are a perfectly good human being that is tackling a very big change.  You are worth it!  IWNDWYT!!!
Until I quit drinking I had no idea how much self loathing shame (not to mention depression) I had simply *because* I was a drunk.   ..And besides the psychological benefits I have been able to take care of a ton of stuff that I had been neglecting (for years in some case and another source of low self worth)..So with each passing sober day I feel more and more proud of myself and that shaming self loathing voice has less and less of a place in my mind...IWNDWYT.
First of all I m glad you don t give up. It s going to be all right you know...Second I relate to that voice. It has held me down for ages. Ages!!! I don t really know what made it diminish the later years but I think I one day just decided to be ...free to not care to actually start seing myself as equally valuable as anyone else. You know... actually love myself like my neighbour. Or grab life by the b...rains. It didn t solve my drinking problems but it definitely made life easier and much happier...Good luck!
