-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a3prd/relapsed_last_night_it_had_been_coming_for_a/

The frustrating thing is that it wasn't worth it at all. I only got pretty drunk and am now wasting the national holiday off work (it's absolutely beautiful outside too) by laying in bed feeling like shit  both physically and emotionally. ..It had been coming for a while for a few weeks actually after a period of prolonged cravings and I really thought it would be better than it was. In reality it was pretty shit it didn't successfully help mask my low mood and now I'm back to day 1...I have a staff party in December with a huge open bar and buffet which had been my big "planned relapse" since I stopped. I am now 95% sure that I won't drink that evening in fact being in bars is difficult for me so I probably won't even go. ..I know this place isn't for advice but for those who are having cravings right now please stay strong it really isn't worth this feeling of shame that I'm having right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry you had to experience that. Glad you are back!
Hey I'm sorry that happened.  I'm one of those people who am loathe to see someone being hard on themselves (perhaps because I relate all too well).  Be honest with yourself with kindness.  Thanks for saying to stay strong because yesterday was a bitch for me.  I will not drink with you today.
&gt; being in bars is difficult for me so I probably won't even go...A very wise choice  Even at 795-days I still follow the Number-1 Rule "Dry People/Dry Places".
I relapsed for a week after 8.5 months of sobriety and it was so not worth it. I'm right here with you starting over from scratch. Glad you're back I'm back too. I will not drink with you today.
Regarding being 95% sure of not drinking: For me I if I tell myself I won't drink I probably will but if I tell someone else that will be there that I won't be drinking it's much more likely that I won't. Abandoning plans I made with just myself be that going to the gym eating a healthy dinner or not drinking is much easier than abandoning plans I made with someone else. I just mention that because I also have an office party coming up that I have gotten pretty drunk at in the past. My plan this year is to tell a dude I work with who I know to be sober that I will be joining him in not drinking this year. I'm sure that will be helpful for me.
This happened to me last two weekends. But I've not drink since Sunday and already my head fills a lot clearer. More energy and just overall in a better place. I too didn't find it that great and Usual was drinking to get wasted. I will not drink with you today. 
I've been there.  So sorry to hear that friend.
