-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a48k0/lost_a_job_for_drinking_lost_a_job_for_not/

The other way around actually it's when I first tried to get sober I realized what a horrible company I worked for- how little I was paid compared to others in my job. When I was drinking I just kept my head down went in hungover and felt lucky if I made it through the day without anyone noticing. ..When I got sober I had a clear mind and stood up for myself. Asked for a raise- nothing crazy just equivalent to what others in my job were being paid. This quickly lead to me being laid off. I actually had known for years that I was in danger of being let go and I went home each day and drank ignoring the reality of it doing NOTHING to make anything better. ..Having lost my job I took it a lot harder than I thought I would. There were many days I had wanted to quit walk out- but when it happened it was crushing. I lost a job that I hated but it was my job. I interviewed right away at two to three other companies but once they found out I was laid off they had no interest in hiring me. ..After three months of frustration and dwindling savings I drank myself silly. Gave up and ended up in detox. When I got out a family member helped me out and gave me a great job that paid well where people liked me. ..But after leaving detox I had never followed up my drinking problem. I stopped drinking for a month... but soon a little at a time I started drinking more and more. I had huge binges on the weekends and barely made it in to work on Mondays playing catch up the rest of the week. By Friday I was sober and happy- but the first thing I did on the way home was go to the liquor store. ..Eventually one of my binges went to far. I drank through the night into the early morning. I kept drinking so I could function as I left for work and by the time I arrived I was a puddle and could barely stand. That was it for that job and I was back in detox 2 weeks later. ..Leaving detox that time I followed up with AA did a 90 for 90. I struggled and relapsed 3-4 times. It was HARD to stop after everything alcohol ruined for me I still wanted to drink more. It was my only escape. ..I'm almost sober a year now. It's good. I still don't have a job I have no savings the credit card companies just shut me off. The biggest sin in this country is not having a job if you are unemployed no one wants to hire you. It's just the truth of things. My situation is 100X worse than it ever has been ever. But I'm sober and I'm trying. ..This is how people fall through the cracks in America a little slip up. Losing a job and then you struggle to get back on the horse. My brother isn't out there telling people he fired me for drinking he gives me a good recommendation he is still trying to help me. ..But you know.... it sucks. I'm going to stay sober. I'm going to get that year chip. If i'm broke and out on the street I know how I got there but drinking isn't going to help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great story.  Thanks for sharing and keep plugging away.  If you're sober you are heading in the right direction!  Thanks for sharing and good luck with the job hunt.
 you are so strong. 
Your attitude is great. You're right drinking won't make anything better. It's easier to handle life sober no matter what happens. I've also lost jobs due to my drinking. I know what you mean about trying to have some in the morning just to function. Thank you so much I needed to read this today.
I was also laid off after asking for a raise. Haven't found anything new yet but I've been sober the entire time I've been unemployed. Hope you get back on your feet soon. 
Reality set in for me hardcore when I quit I never realized just how thin that string was that was/ is holding all my shit together. I never lost my job or anything but still knowing I don't have a savings account and siblings to fall back on...those those thoughts keep me up at night even sober they keep me up it's easier but still scary. IWNDWYT!
Keep your head up sober is the only way you will get through this trying time. Keep up with AA get support from friends family and the people here we got your back!
[removed]
Depending on your industry being a "consultant" can come in handy to cover gaps.  Having *actually* been a consultant for many years I've had friends say I was doing a short term contract for them. ..Yes yes lying is bad.  But at least you are sober!
I like your attitude. Keep your head up. You never know what possibility awaits in the near future. 
What's a 90 for 90?.Proud of you for staying sober through all the shit! You got this!
Oh man that does suck.  You are amazingly strong.  Please keep us posted about how you are doing.  
Thanks for sharing.  Keep plugging on.  It's a dopey AA saying but it is indeed 'One Day at a Time.'
Very inspiring story you have here! Thank you for sharing. As long as we don't drink I have to believe that things will get better for all of us... 
Wow!  You are amazing.  So inspired by your strength and perseverance.  Sending good job vibes to you!
You are a valuable person &amp; worthy of sobriety comfort &amp; a good life.  Please be kind to yourself.  When I could give myself nothing else I gave myself a break &amp; it made such a difference. Sending you hugs &amp; good vibes friend.  I won't drink with you tonight.
I do hope you will find a good job! You sound like a good strong-willed reliable human being. And btw maybe you can move to another country to have a fresh start? That's what I did anyway just I started with getting into university. 
