-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a4u0k/i_dont_want_to_drink_but_damn_am_i_struggling/

Been long term sober before so I know for sure that I always have depression. It's just how I am apparently. I've been diagnosed with major depression and melancholic depression...It goes up and down in severity. "Light depression" is my version of "okay". Sometimes the lows though can last for weeks even months. I think it's been about a week now since I last laughed. I hope this low doesn't last too long. It drives me crazy...I'm managing to still do things but I feel like a zombie. I also feel incredibly asocial. My mood is shitty and I'm irritable. My mind is blank and I generally feel pretty miserable...I'm working on getting some therapy for myself. I've given up on medication though. I've tried too many now. They're either do nothing or make it worse...I'm venting but also want to know if anyone else here is sober and also struggles with depression?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Depression is why I started drinking. Now I cuddle my cat and try to go to sleep 
I've been diagnosed as depressed about 8 times. Each time I left rehab I was on a new depression medication. The medication that I stayed on the longest was Wellbutrin it was by far the most tolerable and affective. I got off of it when I started my grown up job a handful of years ago because it was causing me to have increased anxiety starting a new job. I could probably go back on now that I've settled in and my anxiety has gone down but I didn't notice much difference in my depression without it. I think my life situation had improved enough to lift some burden off my depression. ..Now more than ever my ADD is causing me issues. I've been diagnosed as ADD a couple of times after high school. The cycle for me typically goes inattention-&gt;anxiety-&gt;depression. 
Yes indeed. I am as clinical as they come...I had no idea how much alcohol was impacting my mental health. I can't see your badge on this screen on my phone... how many days in are you?
Yep depression is a bitch.  I'm struggling but finding it easier now I'm not drinking.  I'm more able to make decisions to take care of myself; things like counselling and mindfulness have been really useful...It doesn't fix things but I'm managing better and more able to recognise understand and cope with my swings and dips.
Me. Not drinking has definitely helped make my episodes shorter but I still get crushingly depressed at times. I do take medication (Cymbalta) which helps but nothing takes it away completely. It really sucks and most days I really struggle with it. Mine is really internalized - if I make a mistake doing anything even something stupid like washing dishes I berate myself about it for hours. It's awful. 
I've struggled with depression all my life...Alcohol provides great temporary relief.  And then it builds a prison around you that you can't even see being built.  Then it takes a miracle to escape.  Once actually out it still has it's hand around your ankle trying to pull you back in.  Now there is that to deal with on top of the depression.
Well depression and anxiety are the main reason my drinking became problematic. It gave me temporary relief at first but it stopped doing that after I became a problem drinker...When I quit (down from 2 bottles of wine every night) my depression skyrocketed after 2 weeks or so. This went on for a good month after it subsided slowly. I Think I needed 3 months to get back to emotional "baseline". ..I Think quitting drinking made my depression much better overall.
Yep and I definitely used booze to try to self medicate. Who knew that heavily using a Depressant wouldn't really make my situation any better? It still looms over me but the heaviness isn't nearly as dark as it was when I was still drinking. You are definitely not alone.    
