-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a59i1/i_feel_like_its_coming/

Anyone else feel like a relapse is slowly approaching? Frankly I'm not sure how long I want to go without drinking and I don't feel ready to say I won't touch alcohol again for as long as I live. But when I first quit I told myself I needed a good few months maybe even 6 months to a year. Now that it's been 24 days I keep feeling like I've got this under control and I can move on now. Last night I stopped in the store to pick up some sparkling water on my way to a friend's house and glanced at the beer. I remembered how my ex and I used to pick out new and interesting beers every time we were in and how it always felt sort of exciting and indulgent. I came pretty close to saying screw it and picking up a 6-pack instead of water but I made myself walk on by...In any case that wasn't the first time in the last few days that I've thought to myself that I can have a drink. The last few days have been emotional and tough for me. I don't know if it's related to quitting drinking as I have a lot of other stuff going on right now too. Anyway I just wanted to post to keep myself accountable. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

What's your plan for recovery today? 
Having a plan is important. Anything that doesn't involve drinking or has triggering aspects is a better option. I applaud your honesty about your drinking thoughts. Are you going to AA? 
YES!!! I've been feeling like that for a couple of days now. I went to a meeting today and will go to another tomorrow. Also checking in here more regularly. Wishing you peace and success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
Thoughts about relapsing are only thoughts. You don't have to act on them. Sounds simple yes but it took me a long time to figure that out. 
From my experience: I always feared/felt relapse coming until I finally admitted to myself I am an alcoholic. Once I honestly admitted that to myself and knew 100% that I was never going to be able to control my drinking I don't fear a relapse anymore...If I relapse in the future it will be with 100% knowledge that I am walking down a path towards uncontrollable drinking. If I make that choice at least I am making an informed (albeit very stupid) choice. But finally admitting to myself that moderation is not an option for me has really made my current state of sobriety much more manageable. I no longer have anxiety or a feeling of imminence about a relapse this time around like all of previous attempts...Best of luck I won't be drinking with you today!
Someone told me in recovery that when things become uncomfortable thats when growth is happening.  Youre growing dont stop all of it by drinking again.  Stay accountable and let us know how youre doing!  Hang in there I wont be drinking with you today..
I promise you just like 24 days sober feels different from 2 days sober 200 days is going to have its own unique feel. ..Right now you've closed the car door on alcohol but it's still there standing next to you watching you put the car in gear. Put it in the rearview mirror. Watch it get small while other things in your life get bigger. Then think about whether you want to let it in again or not.
One day at a time..I remember that every time I felt I had it under control it slowly or quickly became out of control. .If I make one excuse I let myself continue to make more the habit sneaks back in.
I'm at 23 days and I kind of feel like the shine came off being sober.  I'm just sitting with that feeling.  It's a feeling not a fact.  Feeling one thing after the other is the human condition.  I'm going to power through for a longer period of time and see what the next level brings me.  I had nine years of sobriety once.  What it gave me then was this golden self-respect.  When I say golden I mean pure gold.  There is nothing that can replace it.  
It's always important for me to remember that I don't have to say I won't drink as long as I live. I said that before and it didn't work because I knew it couldn't; it's an unreal expectation for an alcoholic such as myself...You said it yourself. Saying I won't have a drink today that is something I can accomplish with relative ease. Sometimes it pisses me off but honestly my life is so much better living this way. When I start thinking about my future as it relates to my sobriety or lack thereof it is a dangerous slippery slope. No matter how bad my day is it could be worse in that I wouldn't even be aware of consciousness. That really is a nightmare that today I choose not to facilitate...
I am right there with you - down to the day. For some reason I have been thinking about taking a day off to drink again. I know that day will turn into a weekend then a week then a month then waiting for the next big crunch in life that snaps me back to sobriety and quitting again. Every relapse is tough on your body your mind and those around you. Those days of drinking and the damage to your body add up. ..You know what also adds up?  The days of healing add up. Your BP and heart rate are probably lower. Your liver scores are hopefully getting better as you heal.  Your body is digesting food and absorbing nutrients properly. You are healing. Your bank account is healing. ..It sucks to not be able to handle drinking like a  normal  person. I get it. I live it. I deal with it by focusing on other activities and breaking the old habits of coming home from work and drinking until I passed out. I do it by forcing myself to find joy in the details I have been missing with my family.  I am forcing myself to deal with and work through problems instead of drinking to ignore things. ..You don't have to relapse. You can make the choice to never drink again and if you can't do it yourself people are out there to help you. A relapse is not a happy romantic thing. It is stopping the healing and getting back to poisoning yourself.  Take joy and pride in the days you have sober. Let each new number stack up and push you forward in your journey to re-learn how to live. You can do this. 
Just wanted to politely recommend a book on Rational Recovery because it really helped me. Also I don't go to meetings either.
