-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a6pdd/experiences_with_meditation_in_recovery/

Hello all. I used to meditate off and on a few years ago to help deal with the debilitating anxiety that I was experiencing on a daily basis. It was always a struggle to get myself to just sit down and focus on my breathing though I found tremendous benefit from it. Since then the anxiety has mostly gone away (turns out smoking massive amounts of weed every day was what was doing it I guess it works differently for everyone) but now that I'm trying to get sober I keep hearing about all you alcoholics meditating to keep yourselves in check. ..I've tried to pick up the habit again but my head feels so all over the place that half the time I can't even get myself to sit down and do it. I think with anxiety I was more driven to meditate because I thought "Look you're anxious. Meditating will relax you. Meditate and your anxiety will go away.". It was clear and because I associated it with a solution I was able to stick to it. Now however my thoughts are a little more scattered. "You're an alcoholic so maybe if you meditate you won't want to drink anymore...??? Well I mean maybe you will but you should at least try it before you bash it. Maybe it'll make you less of an angry prick. Just sit down for christ sake. It's only 10 minutes!!" ...Somehow it's not as motivating. So I thought in an effort to get myself back into meditating I'd come here to ask for your experiences and what it has done for you specifically in relationship to your addictions. How do you get yourself to sit down and let go every day? 
----------immediate responses--------

What kind of meditation are you practicing? I think that has a lot to do with it. I've done a lot of different meditations over the years and different types are good with different things...For people trying to start meditating or start-over I think that a guided meditation is great. For me drinking has always relaxed me so I'm trying to find some relaxation meditations to help me relax rather than grabbing a glass of wine. YouTube is a great resource for guided meditation. Just search for "guided relaxation meditation" or "guided (your choice) meditation". It's a lot easier to listen and follow their instructions rather than just clearing your mind on your own...You can also try binaural beats (need to wear headphones) or meditation music. Youtube is a great way to find either. I find that either of those also help me really clear my mind rather than trying to sit in silence...I haven't been sober long but I've been meditating a long time so hopefully some of this is helpful :)
Meditation is great but it's not like some miracle cure all thing for me. Refuge recovery has a lot of good resources for using meditation as part of recovery. 
Insight timer is an app with a huge selection of meditations and meditation music.  Its free.
I'd say try not to judge your meditation. Be okay with it not being great. Especially if you are just getting back to it after awhile. For me when I got sober again my meditation was all over the place but as I kept with it and time passed it also improved. If my meditation is cloudy it's generally because my mind is cloudy or something stressful is going on. If I commit to sitting for ten or 20 minutes and just let it be what it is over time it improves..
I second YouTube. There are a lot of options so I've started saving the ones I like to a list. I have morning ones ("you're going to be ok!/you're capable of anything!" Types) and evening ones ("relax be calm get your mind ready for sleep" types)...Also: there's a meditation sub! r/meditation. I just subscribed. It looks like there's quite a bit of discussion around the topic.
