-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ac535/relationships_in_early_sobriety/

Its only 8 am my time and I just had a pretty long talk with a girl I am very much infatuated with. I met her the last two times I was in the hospital for withdrawals. so I figured it was a plus like if she met me at my lowest only where to go from here is up... wrong we started talking for about a month and I was sober so we decide to have a weekend at my place and I ended up relapsing the day after she left because  "I had been cured right?" She is a normie and took it pretty personally. fast-forward to today and we end up talking about relationships in sobriety. She was in an abusive relationship before so she has a tonne of bad memories that all came back to her during my relapse. Today she kept hinting at how hurt she was I offered to make an amends but she didn't really get what I was trying to do. Not sure where we stand I'm worried I just messed up another good thing in my life and am getting into my feels right now. We are supposed to go for a bike ride later today so we shall see. I hope she can understand but at the same time can't really blame her if she doesn't. Already thought about throwing away my two days but came here instead to do my daily pledge and ask a question: ..Question: What experience or advice do you have on relationships in early sobriety?..TLDR; had a month sober into a month-long relationship then I relapsed not sure how much farther things will go... :/.But at very least Today I WILL NOT drink with you today...edit:format
----------immediate responses--------

TBH relationships have resulted in me relapsing several times. Usually when I get into them too early into sobriety. I have taken a personal pledge to not date until at least the 10 month mark. I am just learning how to cope with the anxiety normal life heaps on me never mind the anxiety new love brings. :) 
For me I did not know how to be in a relationship let alone a healthy one. I was still not on planet earth for a few months in my early sobriety. I did not have the tools to handle a relationship I was still stuck in old behaviors. Relationships are also an easy way for me to not focus on myself and I have a tendency to put relationships before sobriety. Usually doesn't go well. I had terrible issues with rejection and I couldn't deal with that in early sobriety. I had to make some sacrifices to refrain from relationships for some time. It worked for me. I'm glad I didn't jump into one. 
Just left a relationship because it was triggering me to drink so I could loosen up around her sooo....Only you will know if this girl is going to be a good thing or bad thing for you. My ex motivated me to stay sober and it worked for 3 months  then I got too comfortable with her and started again. A relationship might make me happy for a while until it ends but staying sober will keep me happy a lifetime. Was an easy trade for me. 
Hi! ..A little seed I'm going to plant here. *just because* she is a normie when it comes to drinking doesn't mean there are no issues. ..If she had rough relationships before she may *may* have a bit of something lurking codependency or self-esteem stuff abandonment stuff.. may. ..The reason I say all this is only because it seems that you are taking 100% blame and it seems (I may be wrong) like a little bit of game playing/playing on your fears may be going on...It's none of my business I know but for me what I would do is slow down don't over-analyze stuff. Give things a bit of space and breathing room...Take your time getting to know her a bit better. No need to rush. (easier said than done)..For me I learned the hard way to put my sobriety and my self- love first. I rely on myself for validation now and I keep running in the middle of my sobriety pack. No matter what...I was hard on myself - people liked me but I tried too hard. After failed attempts I realized I had to stop worrying and trying to please everyone and that I could stand on my own two feet no matter what anyone else did...Most of us have made early sobriety relationship mistakes - you are not alone!..You want help right away? get a sponsor. If you say you are in a relationship they will help you navigate things in a way that keeps your sobriety and your sober path intact...Take heart the reason most people are told don't get into a relationship until you have been sober for a year is because it is tough - don't let any person place or thing derail you from your sobriety...Hope this helps..
Hey wild man. I'm not good at giving advice but I can tell you my story. I have been single almost 6 years. Went on a few dates here and there. I have three kids I'm a single dad. Decided it was best to raise my kids. My youngest is now 15. Im kinda an empty nester almost. So I thought about dating again then I decided against it. My brother thinks I'm nuts because a lot of ladies in our city want to see me but I decided to wait another 6 to 12 months. Take care of me. It's been 6 years so what's a few more months gonna hurt? I feel good about my decision. I'll be ready when I'm healthy. My mind body and spirit first. I hope that helped in some way. 
