-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aot6k/newly_sober_again_in_a_small_town/

Hi all..I was sober for the better part of 18 months before March of this year. I just recently took a job in a small town about four hours from my hometown. I didn't know anyone here when I moved and my fucked up alcoholic brain said "how are you supposed to meet people if you don't drink?" So... I drank. And I'm sure everyone knows the story... drinking socially turned into binging four days a week and feeling like shit physically/mentally/spiritually the other three. I got pulled right back in. ..And now I'm really struggling with loneliness. I desperately need some sort of sober community here. I've managed to make some good friends but I've done it by drinking with them - they now know me as someone who's up for a good party. I can't be around those people right now. Compounding the loneliness is that I work in the mental health field and a lot of my patients are in recovery or are battling addiction themselves. I would LOVE to go to an AA meeting but this town feels incredibly small and I would almost certainly run into a client. I am not in a strong place in my recovery. Small towns can be a bitch of a thing and I'm not ready for that to get out. I'm not ready for navigating that dynamic with clients. I'm not open with my coworkers about my alcoholism (because I'm a dumbass and have had drinks with them too). And there's the ever-present fear of someone making a report to my licensing board and the shit storm that would accompany that (typing this is making me aware of the truck loads of shame I'm struggling to process). Anyway isolation fucking sucks. Which is why I'm talking to you - you wonderful anonymous sober friends. If anyone has experience fostering sober friendships in a small (or big) place outside of AA I would love to hear about it.
----------immediate responses--------

Evening friend. Fucking loneliness man. It's almost intolerable at times. ..It's great to read when folks find their way back after dipping their toe into the drinking well. Good on you for having the strength and self-worth to change your path for the better. The road less traveled and all that noise. ..Someone really wise once wrote  only the boring get bored . This parlays into beating back the loneliness to a degree. Humans are social creatures. We seek the validation and comfort of others. And when one comes to feel isolated at a time when they need support and appreciation it only makes their journey that much more difficult. You're doing great in recognizing how the loneliness has been and will effect you and then seeking out guidance from a likeminded community. How friggin cool is that? ..similar situation here. Smaller city. No personal shit at work. No close friends. No family. No SO. Not even a dog. Keep most of this nonsense to myself and you mysterious internets types. To combat the loneliness I do shit. And it seems to help. ..Work out. Run. Walk. Go to the community college and look for opportunities to learn or become involved in the community. The public library may also have some neat opportunities to learn about the area you're in. Possibly take up a new hobby. Everyone wants to learn to play the guitar. Or paint. Or sculpt. Or dance. Or throw rocks at trains. Nerd out on whatever you nerd out about. As long as you're not a fucking  DJ  or a fidget spinning YouTuber you're bound to be and meet good people. ..I dunno. ..Be proud of yourself pal. We are proud of you. ..No boozin! ..
Tell everyone you are doing a health challenge for November..Now you have your cover. .Later on you can tell them you feel so fucking good not drinking that you're just gonna ride that wave until it breaks..Just never exit the tube. They can fuck off and drink all they want. ..Now here's the fun part. .Start spending your free time exploring every godamn thing that town has to offer that isn't booze-centric. .Shows coffee shop thrift stores you name it. .Create an adventure. .Go rescue a dog. .Play videogames. .Join weird clubs. ..See how strange and wonderful you can make your life. .Just for a while. .Then you'll be exhausted and find out you really just want one hobby a dog and hopefully so to cuddle. ...You're a professional un-drunk. .Remember that. You've already done it. .Easy. ..I'm buying a metal detector next week and going detectorist this month. .
&gt;would almost certainly run into a client..Wouldn't you both be there for the same purpose?..When first stopped it seemed like I was the only person in the universe that didn't drink...I came to realize that a significant proportion of the people on this planet either don't drink at all or don't drink as a primary purpose...They just weren't where I had been hanging out...They're actually not hard to find.  Quoting an old horror classic "They Walk Among Us!"..When I move which I've just recently done I have two main non-work related methods of getting established with friends support and connections...First is meetings.  I immediately get a sober support network!..Second is getting involved in the community...Gandhi said "to find yourself first lose yourself in service to others"...I help in my community and meet new people...There are all kinds of agencies that assist others.  Goodwill.  Salvation Army.  Boys and Girls Clubs.  Homeless shelters.  Animal shelters.  Soup kitchens.  Reading to the blind.  Meals on wheels. And more and more.  I volunteer some time in my community.  I meet new people.  People who want to help other people.  Amazing how nice those people are!  I meet people who need the services of the agencies.  I meet business owners bankers other volunteers public servants city council people hospital care providers and many many more...I get to know them.  Make contacts.  Create friendships...Whadda ya think?
