-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aq4wa/i_relapsed_but_do_you_know_what_its_ok/

I done 60 days without alcohol. Previous to quitting I was drinking at least 4 pints a night most days and have done for most of my adult life (I'm in my mid 30's)...Yesterday I was feeling great. It was Friday night I had just been paid and I felt like a beer. So I told myself 2 pints is ok provided I control my alcohol intake and don't go overboard. I have no idea why I chose 2 pints and not 1 pint. The mind playing tricks on me I guess. I was subconsciously craving...I got myself 2 pints. I drank 1 and a half and didn't feel like drinking the rest. It took me hours to drink them...The act of relapsing isn't ok. And it will not happen again. But there are positives to my relapse:..* I actually managed to control what I drank which is something I've never done before.* I didn't enjoy the taste of beer.* Relapsing reminded me of how shitty it feels to drink..I'm an optimistic type of guy. I shall not feel guilty sad or down about my relapse. I see a lot of people feel guilty and struggle. I'm positing this to remind everyone going through the battle that a relapse is not ok but there are positives to be learned from relapsing...The important part is to remain on the journey :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story the prethoughts the action the afterthoughts. Your first point was a rarity for me: controlled drinking. I remember a couple of times I did it. The many times I DIDN'T control well those blur into one another. Your prethoughts I have them all the time but I know that ship has sailed and I'm okay with that. I choose not to feel guilty sad or down about not drinking and I will not drink with you today!
Good stuff buddy keep at it it'll stick eventually if you work on it!..Get a badge from the sidebar it helps count your days!
I've relapsed a few times too and each time I like the taste of my beverage of choice less than before. It's startling really. It's definitely a huge learning each time too. 
Yes to all of this!!!  To me this journey is all about being gentle with myself.  You learned from this.  You are moving forward.  That's the most important thing.  Best to you. 
And were you thinking about each sip monitoring for when you'd feel buzzed?  
Look how much progress you made. Inspiring for me! Day 6 and I'm having a coffee outside of a couple bars i used to drink at. Lots of feelings coming to. This helped. Thank you.
Yes two times now after about 40 days of sobriety each time I have allowed myself to drink on business trips.  The first time I had 4 beers and the second time I had 2 strong beers.  Both times the dysfunctional thirst for more alcohol was less strong than when I was a daily drinker.  ..However now it's the weekend and having just successfully had a couple of beers without overdoing it I'm in that place where I feel like a few more this weekend would be a good idea.  But I know it's a terrible idea it's the slippery slope that so many of us slip into including me in the past...I will not drink with you today.
Sounds like you learned a lesson and like your love for beer isn't as strong as it was a few months ago. Definitely mark that one down in the win column. ..I'll gladly not drink with you today. 
Relapsed after 51 days last night. For no good reason (is there ever a good reason?) Previous record before that relapse was 41 days. I'm trying not to beat myself up it's hard to start over but clearly something wasn't right. I missed a couple meetings due to a vacation and schedule and just lost my focus. IWNDWYT.
I am not drinking with you today
I did too... I tried but I was bartending and... yeah... I held out until about 11pm. Trying again tomorrow.
