-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aqjnm/why_should_i/

Hi all!..Looking for a little motivation here. I can't believe I've only just stumbled across this subreddit but you guys look like you might be able to give me a bit of a boost right now...My problem with booze is thus: I am very capable of having just 'a few' drinks (3 or 4) of an evening but it takes constant conscious commitment and effort throughout the night. If I let that commitment slip just for a moment or adopt any attitude of 'fuck it let's have fun' (which is very easy to do once you've had a few drinks) I'm likely to drink until I black out - most often if I'm out but sometimes at home too. I don't drink every day but when I do I have to wrestle with this unconscious switch every single time...My current goal: is to go three weeks without drinking which will be my longest sober period for about two years. There's a part of me which wants to stop drinking altogether but I'm going to think about that once I've got a bit of a clearer head on me...So I have a convenient period over the next three weeks where I haven't got much on (socially) and could do this but I'm struggling with the thought of 'why should I?' I've had a few months of regular drinking and partying and I feel like I NEED a break but when I know I could have a couple of cozy nights at home with a few drinks (and a lot of effort not to go further) during this period why should I sacrifice that?..It's been so long since I had a period longer than a week off the booze that I think I've forgotten the benefits. I'm also the kind of person who tends to drink when they're bored or to add a bit of excitement to the end of a day so this next three weeks is looking very dull indeed right now...So a little bit of motivation would be lovely if you could! Thank you :)
----------immediate responses--------

I have a couple of questions for you...It sounds to me like you just want to take a break however it also sounds like you have episodes where you lose control and have memory gaps...Stopping drinking is just the first step of a journey in to a sober and happy life...Have you considered joining any groups while you take your break or are just going to dry out?..People can and will show support if you reach out.
I'd say if you want to take a break try going dry for the rest of November.  If you find yourself counting down the days until December 1st it's probably time to take a good hard look at yourself and your relationship with alcohol and if you should make this break more permanent.  
&gt;a little bit of motivation would be lovely..Happy to help!  Willing to provide a lot!..Help me out to get started-  what would you need to hear so that you'd exclaim "Of course!  That's it!  Now I can proceed!" ?
I think you clearly believe that you have issues with alcohol or you would not be here looking for advice and or support. That being said I drank a lot like you. I would usually binge on the weekends until I retired. Then I would drink during the week also. When I quit this time it is different than past attempts because I truly wanted to stop drinking. I was tired on constantly monitoring my drinking. Not only did alcohol occupy my time while I was drinking. I also spent to much time and energy thinking and planning when to drink. And I also was tired of not sleeping well and spending the following days not feeling my best. I also worried about what all that drinking was doing to my health. I guess what I'm getting at is that only you can decide if you want to drink or not. In the past it didn't work for me because I wasn't ready and mourned the loss of my old friend Alcohol and felt deprived and then angry that I couldn't drink and in turn made everyone around me miserable. Sorry for rambling on. I hope you do some soul searching and do what you need to do to be happy. This SD site has helped me a lot and we'll be here for you whatever you decide. Take care of yourself.
i won't drink with you today....and then tomorrow will do that all over again :)  Get it?  You don't have to quit forever...just try it for a day. And then another day. Or set your 3-week goal whatever you find works for you!..I found that only having a couple is harder than not drinking at all because like you said I was always thinking and distracted about it and it made me miserable! Not that I couldn't do it but I would often say "fuck it" or I would be in a bad mood because of it...Now? It is getting so much easier because all I have to do is not have that first one! ..Glad you are here and found this sub...keep reading and posting I think you'll find the motivation you are looking for :)
I can't really think of great reasons to stop for three weeks because three weeks feels like an awkward extra toe of a time frame--it wouldn't give me the space to experience sobriety or develop any enjoyable momentum--I would be constantly focused on the finish line and guarantee my boredom and sense of meaninglessness about the whole endeavor...If you definitely want to keep drinking afterward I would go for one week just to give your body a break or four weeks minimum to give yourself the psychological space to have it not suck and to give you time to make discoveries that could result in adaptation of your goal.
