-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aqj0d/the_realities_of_my_drinking/

So I think I am 10 days sober now and heading into my second sober weekend. Its currently a little after 7 am on a Saturday morning and I've been up for about and hour. Up until about 10 minutes ago my 7 week old daughter was curled up sleeping on my chest after finishing her bottle. I just made a pot of coffee and the rest of my family is sound asleep. In this moment of quiet peace comfort and tranquility I wanted to take a few moments to write about the realities of my drinking and how its impacted my life. 10 days has given me some time to reflect and I also realize now that this information may come in handy at some point in the near future when I am struggling with my sobriety. So hang on this is going to be long...First I want to look at my family's connection to alcohol to give my use some context. My paternal great grand father was an alcoholic. This impacted my paternal grandmother greatly both her and my grandfather did not drink. I don't know why my grandpa didn't drink I do not know if it was at my grandma's request- but I never so much as saw either drink a drop of alcohol...My dad has always been a moderate beer drinker. My grandma admitted to me that when he was younger she was concerned that my dad had problems with alcohol. As far as I can tell my dad is a normal drinker. While I've seen him drink beer plenty of times I may have seen him drunk one time. Thats all...My maternal great grandfather was an alcoholic. My maternal grandfather was an alcoholic. Growing up I heard stories from my mom that my grandpa was an abusive alcoholic. He must have stopped at some point because I never remember seeing him drink. He smoked alot and was a grumpy old man riddled with health problems...My mom is an average drinker. I have seen her drink plenty of times. I can only remember a few times when she appeared to be buzzed. Both of my parents were happy drinkers. They normalized drinking for me and because they were normal drinkers I never saw the negative affects of drinking...Now here is my personal history of my relationship with alcohol...I was kind of an outcast in high school and I did not have many friends. I did not drink alcohol until I was 19 and away from home at university. My drinking was pretty normal during this time I would go out with friends have a few drinks and come home. I remember my first hangover running through the dormitory to puke in the bathroom. It was not a fun experience and so I was good at moderating my drinking in the future to avoid hangovers...After I graduated I began working at a jail as a jailer. I hated the work it was depressing and stressful. I had weird hours and no friends outside of work. I spent my off days (6 on 3 off) drinking by myself but relegated my drinking to my off days...I quit the jail after about 6 months and got a new job. Shortly after that I met my wife and step son. We got married in 2010...My first daughter was born in 2011. At this time I was working nights at a security job. I felt alot of stress and guilt for not being home at night with my wife. She had to do pretty much everything on her own but it was the only job I could get and we needed the money...Having a drink every night or most nights became common. It was during this time that I began to use alcohol as a means to relax. I've always struggled with depression and anxiety to some extent. In my younger years depression was more prevalent than anxiety and when I became a parent my anxiety became more prominent than my depression. ..In 2012 I was able to land a temporary day job. I was stressed but I was able to be at home to help my wife. However that stressed me out even more. During this time I remember drinking more frequently and more heavily. I started having frequent hangovers at work...In 2014 I started graduate school. By this time I had become the night supervisor at the security job and was working towards my masters in Criminal Justice. I was drinking heavily. My anxiety was untreated and increasingly becoming unmanageable. Panic attacks were occurring with some regularity and often made me feel like I was about to faint or pass out. I went to my Dr. to get medication for anxiety...About this time is when I started to realize my alcohol use was not normal. The Dr. asked me questions about my alcohol use and I lied. I lied my butt off. I did walk out of her office with a prescription for zoloft and ativan...I thought meds would help and I guess they did to an extent but I still felt like shit so I drank more. A couple drinks and an ativan or two was the nightly routine for sleep. I soon ran out of ativan and they would not refill my prescription...During this time my drinking increased even more I put on about 20 lbs. (Im not a very big guy 5' 6" started at about 150 and close to 170 now) which was a huge weight gain for me. I was convinced it was my anxiety meds. so I stopped taking them drank even more...I drank to relax. I drank to get through the nightly routine with my kids. I drank to get through the weekend. I drank to write my master's thesis. I drank to celebrate. I drank to drown my sorrows and numb the pain. I drank to have fun...I've always been a good student so I graduated with my masters degree with a 3.9 GPA in may 2016. I started to realize that my drinking was becoming problematic. I was blacking out friday and saturday nights drinking at home alone after my family went to sleep. I confided in a mentor he encouraged me to get sober. In July 2016 I quit alcohol for 30 days. I felt good...I had a work trip. I planned my relapse. I remember drinking my first beer and being like "why am I doing this?" Since then I have drank nearly every day heavily. My tolerance increased. I was going to the liquor store to buy a case of beer every 2-3 days. Hiding my empties so my wife didnt know how much I drank. I remained mostly functional. ..Here is a list of stupid and embarassing shit I have done while drinking:.- Drove after drinking while having open containers in the car with my family in the car..- Invited friends to a weekend away for my wifes birthday proceeded to get shit faced hammered fought with my wife wandered away drank at a bar until closing wandered around until our friends found me. They brought me back to the hotel. I blacked out. I woke up in the bathtub with the water running and all my clothes on covered in vomit. I could have easily drown...- I drank so much the night before work I woke up in the morning had a panic attack about going to work hungover again that I fainted and smashed my face on the bathroom floor had to get 5 stitches in my lip..- At a work conference I drank so much made an ass of myself. Spilled a drink all over myself and the floor had to be escorted back to my room. When I woke up in the morning my button up shirt was waded up on the floor soaking wet. I have no idea why. I was so hung over I missed the last day of the conference...- After my mother in laws wedding (which I officiated) i proceeded to get wasted. When we left I took an entire cooler of beer home with me and tried to finish it myself. I blacked out at some point and woke up in our back yard. I have no idea how I got there or what I was doing out there...- After a christmas party with friends and family I woke up at the bottom of our stairs in the basement wearing different pants than I had at the beginning of the night and my shirt was on backwards. No idea what happened...- On a trip to Mexico with my wife on our last night we were planning on spending a romantic night in our spectacular room and having room service delivered. I went to the bar while she got ready. I got wasted. Spend the rest of the night passed out on the bathroom floor...- I drank until I was wasted in the two weeks leading up to my daughters birth even though I knew my wife could go into labor any minute..Unfortunately there are more and even more embarrassing things that I have done. ..I tried imagining how I would feel if my wife drank the way I did. I could not put up with it. I dont know how or why she did. I love her all the more for it. My kids shouldnt have to put up with this shit and will never have to again. ..So 10 days in. It has not been easy but it has been rewarding. I am waiting for my body to finally heal from all of the shit I have put it through. I am excited to finally deal with my anxiety the right way. I am happy to enjoy the little things in life again without being a zombie who believes that happiness is at the bottom of the  next bottle. ..Thank you all for being here for me. I never considered going to meetings before but I realize that I need to do this for the long haul and am thinking about trying to get to a meeting in the next week. I am also planning on scheduling an appointment with my dr. to finally come clean about my drinking habits.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the club of embbarassment guilt and regrets!  Sounds like you're really serious about this and are taking the right steps to put this all behind you and make a better life for you and your family.  All the best.  
Awesome!  Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Reading you post brought up a lot of memories or lack there of of embarrassing things that I have also done and regret. It sounds to me that you have a great mind set moving forward. And that's all we can do. I like you know that those episodes were not truly the people that we are deep inside and we are better than that. I'm glad you're taking care of yourself and in turn taking care of your family. 
A few years ago my therapist recommended a book to me after listening to me tell my story of familial history with alcohol which sounds pretty similar to yours.  It is called "The Dark Side of the Light Chasers" by Debbie Ford...I flipped through it then and pulled out a lot of interesting nuggets but am going to revisit it again soon to look at it through a now sober lens.  ..Congratulations on your 10 days and your new journey!
