-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7awmug/in_the_middle_of_a_panic_attack_terrified_but/

Staying at a family friend's lake house. I drank most days this week/month/decade and all day on the train here but switched to water around 10 and went to bed. Now it's 4am (would be 5 but daylight savings) and I'm having the most severe panic attack of my life exacerbated by the fact that there's no urgent care nearby and that i can't really pace around because there's people in every room. I've been shaking furiously for about 3 hours though and just keep thinking how much i wish i could vomit and how much i don't want to die. Just poured a glass of wine I really don't want to drink but it's the only on-hand way to lessen the shaking...But! While browsing Reddit in an attempt to stay sane I stumbled onto this community. Between this current experience and reading all of your way-too-familiar-sounding struggles (and unfamiliar-sounding triumphs) I feel more motivated to quit than I ever have by a wide margin. So thank you for that and I hope to be seeing more of you...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm also going through something similar. You can get through this.
Hi Pokamoonshine..That sounds awful. Don't forget that the chat room is open 24/7 if you ever need a friendly ear you don't have to deal with this by yourself...Whenever you're ready come by again and we'll all not drink with you.
This place is awesome. I hope you're feeling better. I only get those panic attacks when I'm drinking; they've decreased so much since I have started seriously on this path...Keep reading!! There is such amazing stuff here. 
Yikes. I feel your pain. This too shall pass right?..I hate the feeling of being trapped. You aren't truly but I know it feels that way. Sending good calm thoughts your way...I struggle with pretty severe anxiety. During a bad one alcohol can sound great. It does work to an extent in the short-term. I have experienced anxiety while drunk but the majority of the time it keeps it at bay...**However** I can say that when I'm on a stretch of sobriety at least a couple weeks long my anxiety is generally much lower. I've had very few really bad attacks these last couple months and my daily levels are lower on average. Plus no hangovers. ..I formally invite you to take a vacation from the madness and see what it's all about. Sobriety is easier and simpler than trying to moderate. Give it a run. See if you like it. I can't say I'll quit forever I can't see the future but I take it a day at a time and I enjoy that. Maybe you will too
What you are experiencing is in large part what led me to quit drinking 3 years ago. Feeling of impending doom. Something i do not miss. ..Since i quit drinking it is something i no longer experience. ..Check this reddit sub thread- and others online- daily.  I was able to finally quit by joining an online community much like this one where the common goal was to give up what had us in chains and what would claim our lives eventually if we let it.
