-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7azbzf/is_this_how_a_relapse_starts/

I have skipped the daily check-in the past few days largely due to apathy...My boyfriend called his ex-girlfriend to ask for advice on his upcoming job interview and my addict brain is screaming ME ME ME ME ME and causing general chaos right now...I haven't been reading or commenting here. I haven't been engaging with others in the sober community. Part of me doesn't even want to post here because all you fantastic people are going to offer support and I just don't want it right now. I want to be grumpy and alone...It's 2 pm and I'm still in bed. I want to cry but the tears won't come...All I really want to do today is buy some NA beer and isolate myself to my bedroom with a mountain of junk food which probably doesn't sound that bad but is eerily similar to my addict cycles...I haven't been exercising or eating healthy. I haven't been reading my goals. I haven't been meditating...It's amazing how quickly a tailspin can hit you...Heading to yoga now. Hoping it will help to clear my head a bit. Hot shower later. Pray for me.
----------immediate responses--------

Praying for you...When I feel as you described I head to a meeting and get support!
Thinking of you! For me sometimes the moments where I really want grumpy 'me' time are the moments where I actually need human interaction the most. Grabbing lunch or coffee with a friend or even watching netflix with my roommate helps me at least a little bit. I will not drink with you today!
Come on now day twin! We are almost to triple digits!!! Come on back here one moment at a time and hopefully things will chill for you. I have weathered some stuff too I know how you feel!!
I'm praying for you.  I need support today too.  I let myself drink in moderation a couple of days ago and I'm feeling cravings big time; almost as if I'm in very early sobriety even though if we overlook 2 lapses of moderate drinking I should be at about 85 days...Count your 97 days as a blessing.  That's 97 continuous days of clearing that poison from your body physically and mentally.  Play the tape forward and think of not only the consequences of getting drunk but the days afterwards where you will likely have cravings...I hope to make it to 97 days sometime soon and I will not drink with you today!.
In my experience YES. As in I relapsed after almost 2 months sober last Friday and it was for this reason. They say we relapse long before we actually take that drink. I too stopped checking in stopped reading and talking to folks here stopped daily reflection and self honesty and that was when my relapse truly began. Hang in there and play that tape forward! One day at a time isn't just about resisting the urge to drink it's about proactively doing your part every day (even the shitty ones) to keep yourself as the best self you can be.
this sounds like PAWS if you know it google helped me.  Can defo lead to relapse as it did with me twice but didn't really understand it.  If it's what I get I will be doing great then suddenly life is shit and I resent everyone and start to isolate myself and turn a bit bratty and self righteous and like a child  I can do what I want'.   Apparently it's the emotional withdrawal phase which can last up to two years - it knocked me for six since I was fine then out of no where up and down for about 3 weeks both times I got to 90-100 days.  The good news is it lasts 2-3 days max and lessens in frequency recognising it and being kind to yourself whilst you ride it is helpful ... mines started earlier this time no physical withdrawal past a couple of days but have been a crazy sod the last week this morning i woke up and it seems to be gone. 
I'd imagine the situation with your boyfriend would be enough to put any of us into a tailspin...But girl... you are so close to 100 days. That's superhero status! 
Thank you everyone! I am so glad you all are here. I am currently binging on junk food and Stranger Things. I have pounded at least 6 Lacroix with no signs of stopping. Feeling a lot better after yoga and reaching out for support. I love you guys.
Hey lovely Autumn I know you posted this a day ago but I have only just come across it &amp; I am sending you love &amp; hugs! Feel free to be grumpy we need those days too but I'm afraid that you will have to put up with my company while feeling out of sorts..... I proudly &amp; gratefully will not be drinking with you my dear friend xxoo..Let me know how you are feeling today if you like :).
