-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7b2urh/time_for_a_badge_reset_got_my_first_dui_last_night/

Well I relapsed again. I'm not really sure what happened. I went to a benefit concert Saturday night for a friend of mine in the music industry that passed almost a year and a half ago. I was already stressed about going because I knew everyone would be drinking. So of course I had a few is what I remember. Didn't remember leaving the show next thing I know I'm on the side of the highway talking to a cop and I blew a .341. holy hell I'm so lucky I didn't hurt anyone or total my car. I know I didn't eat much that day but Jesus. Now I can't figure out where my car got towed to because I was picked up in a different county apparently I missed my exit and kept going down the highway. And on top of that I don't have my ID so I can't get it back without a new one anyways. I guess I needed this as a wake-up call but damn. I'm glad I don't have kids because Christmas would be ruined by my lawyer fees. Was held in the drunk tank for 16 hours to sober up and get a bond. Needless to say I will not be drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy shit. I'm glad no one was hurt. It takes guts to share that. You will have to start again. .In times like these at least things are pretty clear....You have to stop. So jump back in feet first and put this behind you. You had 42 days sober before this so you know what to do. .My friend got a DUI and didn't think she had a drinking problem continued drinking but had to go to drunk classes AA and counseling..Needless to say she loathed every step..Take advantage of it. We all make mistakes. I had to reset my badge 3 weeks ago after a good run. Quarterbacks will throw interceptions you need to have a short memory and get back in the game! I will not drink with you tonight! 
At that level you are lucky you aren't dead. 
Hang in there. I know this is a real bummer but thank goodness you and others are still alive....Use this as motivation. ..I will not drink with you.
Hey friend. I'm sorry you relapsed. That sounds pretty scary...After many relapses myself I've realized that it's really hard for me to be in situations where people are drinking around me if I want to stay sober. I hope that someday I'll have the control and support to enjoy situations where there is a lot of drinking but I know that day isn't today and may not come for some time...I wish for lots of kindness in your life and hope for the best - I will not drink with you!
You're not the only person to have to go through this and it absolutely does not make you a bad person. I strangely look back on mine somewhat glad that it happened. Thankfully no one's life was irreparably altered it will be ok.    
Alcohol is so dangerous - it's one of those situations that until it happens you assume couldn't happen to you.  Thing is I've done such messed up out of character things when drunk I wouldn't put it past me to do anything.  One guy once told me about how he beat up his wife and was going to kill his family in a fire and woke up thinking he had a terrible nightmare until he saw the furniture all smashed and stacked in the middle of the room and a box of matches on his knee - I really felt for him cause even something like that I can't honestly say I am not capable of black out drunk - my alter ego (Sharon) is a bleeding psycho who the hell knows what she'll do...I'm sorry you are going through this and am pleased it didn't end up worse - just reiterates that drinking is like playing Russian roulette with five bullets for those of us far enough along the pissartist spectrum.
:( I'm sorry. What a nightmare! So thankful no one got hurt. ..It will be okay. You will survive this. Perfect opportunity to change and put some positive energy back into the world where all the negative energy was. That's what I'm working on!..Good luck. 
I'm so sorry that happened to you. Glad you're ok and no one was hurt. ..End of august I was arrested for a dui too. Blew 0.267. I blacked back in while being booked into jail. They held me for 18 hours. At release it was like an egg hunt to find my car.  I can completely relate with where you are and how you feel right now.  ..But... I'm actually thankful for it.  I am so thankful no one was hurt by my actions. And I'm blessed that this event opened my eyes to a huge problem and brought some amazing people into my life.  It's still very early days for me but my sponsor friends made in meetings / group and this sub have enriched my life far beyond what it was before. ..Your using the dui as a wake up call is very smart. I hope you're able to continue find the good in it.  You can do it just one day at a time! IWNDWYT..
Very sorry to hear that but thank goodness you didn't get hurt or hurt anyone else. It's not too late yet. I will not drink with you today. 
My first (and so far only DUI) was in 2012.  It really sucked - sounds somewhat similar to your story.  ..I stayed sober for a week...I am rooting for you - hoping you have an easier time in recovery than I did...I will not drink with you today.
Been there. Sounds like you're on the right path. Hang in there it's a demoralizing process but you can get through it sober. I believe in you!
*Ouch.* I will not be drinking with you today!
Thank you to everyone for your supporting words. After like 15 phone calls I was able to find my vehicle but I can't get it back until I have my license and registration which are being withheld from me. It's $40 a day it's in there and I'm waiting on the arresting officer to call me back. Guess my life is on hold until then. I'll try to stay strong with you all but this stress is killing me!
I was in your shoes a year ago and I  vividly remember the pangs of guilt and self-loathing I  felt the next morning. It was a long time coming and while I  can't say I'm glad it happened I've come to appreciate that I  was given the opportunity to learn my lesson without hurting myself or anyone else...So yeah it sucks it's expensive it's inconvenient (particularly if you need to get an interlock device installed) but if you view the DUI as a stepping stone for personal growth and introspection it could be a big opportunity.  Good luck!
