-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bb9ei/worst_day_yet/

I don't know why but after 50 days today is the most I have wanted to relapse yet. Anybody else have urges this late into their sobriety?.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi this happened to me yesterday - I'm over 6 months now. I was surprised at the feeling and scared of it as well. I reminded myself that drinking would only make the bad feelings worse and I thought of how completely awful I would feel if I woke up hungover. I also read a number of posts on this site and wrote that I wouldn't drink to make myself feel more accountable. When I hit the bed at night and was putting my head on the pillow I was feeling better - pleased with myself for making it past a rough patch and coming out successful...I heard someone say once that we can consider a day successful if we haven't had a drink. It might not seem like a big accomplishment but to me these days it is and I know that it is essential for me to achieve the other things I want to in my life...I think what is really good is that you noticed the feeling and posted here instead of just going and drinking! People say we need to be constantly vigilant and I think that recognizing the cravings when they come and then using tools to counter them is what this means...How are you feeling today? On my end I'm not 100% but I am feeling better than yesterday...Hang in there! And treat yourself nicely right now!..I will not drink with you today! 
Yes yes I did.  And I broke and just requested a reset after several months of heavy drinking and really piss poor decision making.  My health has deteriorated my relationships have worsened work has suffered and my parenting has suffered.  I wish I had the strength back then to not drink that one time that led to others and lost months.  It will NOT be worth it.  
I just broke a 55 day streak. Didn't see the failure coming. I forgot to think bad thoughts about alcohol. Very bad thoughts. Now I'm reminded. ..Utter bottomless hell. Think hard and clear and remember you're not missing anything good. There is no good thing about alcohol. Only poison. Toxic twisted deceptive dark cancerous rat poison...You know they make poisons taste good so animals eat them? Apparently antifreeze tastes sweet... had a poor cat that died from drinking it when I was a kid...Alcohol is poison. It's not a crime to think negatively about it. It's healthy to be repulsed. Welcome those bad thoughts!
I have seen several times that the two month-ish time seems to be a rough time for a lot of people.  Maybe it's some stage of detox or something but I distinctly remember being massively depressed around that time...but it did pass.
Strongest urge to drink for me came out of nowhere at around the 70 day mark. It blindsided me and I hadn't had a craving for a long time so it was almost like I was out of practice. I'm so glad I didn't give in at that point. I've since learned a lot more and recognized more substantial benefits. Stay strong!     
