-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bckk7/been_a_good_4_weeks_since_a_proper_update_from_me/

Have my first phone call from the people I was referred to on the NHS for alcohol counselling on Saturday to discuss how to proceed I'm feeling willing and positive about this. I'm back at the doctors tomorrow after 4 weeks on anti-depressants to discuss how I've been getting on (well it's made a huge difference). I've told another friend and discovered that she is also struggling and was glad we could discuss it it's helped us both a lot I think. I've also been doing tons of yoga and have been eating really really well so am just a few lbs away from my TWO STONE award at my slimming club which I'm hoping to get this week. But mainly I'm happier. Half-term has been bearable with both kids and no nursery or playgroups to occupy us my family is more cheerful and we've spent tons of time together and had some epic weekend adventures and I haven't DRUNK AT ALL!
----------immediate responses--------

You've got this. Keep doing well!
Congratulations and believe me these are the kind of updates that are a joy to read :)
great!!!  keep doing...
Awesome update!
Positive vibes!!! Great to read life is better without drink for you... I will not drink with you today!!!  
Yay!!! Thanks for sharing and congrats on your day count and weight loss! I'm hoping to lose a bit here as well. It is much easier to eat well and exercise without drinking/hangovers not to mention getting rid of 500+ empty alcohol calories every day!
Awesome! Congrats to you. 
Thank you all so much for responding to this with such kindness and positivity it makes a real difference to me. 
great job! keep up the good work!.
Nice work. My first go at sobriety I did alot of yoga and meditation. It was really helpful. I should probably get back into that. Im glad to hear things are going well! Congrats on three weeks!!
This is great to hear. Congratulations! IWNDWYT :)
Noyce!
Great progress. Keep it up! I will not drink with you today!
It sounds like you're doing great and headed in the right direction! 
Hey Pippin this all sounds like such good progress!  It's wonderful to hear things are looking up without the demon drink dragging you down.  Keep sobering on   you're doing so well... I will not drink with you today :)
Awesomefor that not drinking today with you...
So happy for you  
