-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bcxm1/what_do_i_call_myself/

I don't say that I'm an alcoholic because I don't think that is literally true. It feels like a lie and I hate lying. I have Bipolar Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder AKA Emotional Intensity Disorder and am very mildly autistic (hence the problem with lying/being very literal). It is very easy for me to say that I'm a Compulsive Overeater in OA meetings. Very easy...**AM I an alcoholic dear reader?** ..I usually introduce myself in meetings saying  I'm [name] and I'm an addict  or  I'm [name] and I'm a member of this fellowship.  Addiction for me means using substances (food and alcohol) and unhealthy behaviours compulsively. I just googled  define addiction in psychology  and Psychology Today's definition resonated with me...&gt;Addiction is a condition that results when a person ingests a substance (e.g. alcohol cocaine nicotine) or engages in an activity (e.g. gambling sex shopping) that can be pleasurable but the continuation of which becomes compulsive and interferes with ordinary responsibilities and concerns such as work relationships or health...I'm a binge drinker (in recovery) who can stop for periods of time but struggles to stay stopped. Not drinking is easy until I decide to drink. I don't have cravings on a day to day basis for alcohol (food is another matter). I can drink normally except for when I can't. My drinking patterns are inextricably tied to my mental health and relationships. My binges are not extreme - usually one bottle of 13% wine and too much food. (Or just too much food which has a similar effect on numbing my emotions.)..Drinking history. (Condensed! I had a lot of words in the essay I wrote to try to explain myself here.) Some periods of daily binge drinking when I am very unwell with severe depression. Some periods of sobriety. Some periods of normal/occasional drinking. Some periods of binge drinking of between twice a week and six times a week depending on what else is going on...I'm managing my relationships and emotionally intense reactions in a healthy way right now albeit in a really intense way. Going to 90 meetings in 90 days (day 15 or so) sometimes two in a day. Mostly AA with at least 2 Overeaters Anonymous meetings a week. Writing every day sometimes a lot. Moderating my geo-location game and not doing excess walking (I have injuries from the walking). Going to the gym three times a week to do appropriate exercise. Talking to recovery people on the phone/text/in person. Meditating. Using the tools I've learned in therapy to manage my unhelpful thought patterns. (Can only do this when I'm getting a lot of social support.) My sober time is on my flair - 13 days at time of writing according to my tracker app. ..Edited - formatting.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no requirement to identify myself as "anything"...I know most do...I usually say "I'm PG and grateful to be unimpaired today".
Can you relate to other people in AA sharing what life is like for them when drinking?.Can you stay sober when others around you are drinking?.Fighting depression with a depressant is a sign of alcoholism I can not say you are a alcoholic or anyone else for that matter you have to be the one that makes that decision. But i will say this I will not drink with you today!!    
You do not need to label yourself.  We do not live in a Game of Thrones world where we have titles like John the Addict or Mary the Excessive Gambler ha.  ..I know AA encourages its members to admit that they are alcoholics but other programs like SMART discourage labels.  SMART's philosophy is that it is the addictive behavior that is the problem less so the person.   Therefore defining oneself in the context of the damaging addicting behavior is self-defeating.    "I am John and I currently drink too much and I want to change" rather than "I am John and I am an alcoholic."  ..Not saying that one approach is better than the other.  Just saying that there are different views when it comes to labeling.    
One alternative way of thinking about it is that this isn t something you *are* this is something you *do* or *don t*. I m not comfortable either with saying I am an addict even though it might be true. I rather say I cannot drink. This is true too.
I'm a nondrinker.  I'm an alcohol survivor.   I have latent alcoholism.    I am sober...Whatever I call it the result is the same.    I learned that for me  the best life the only life is being sober. So that's what I do.
