-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7biq7e/bartending/

I'm not sure if anyone else has experience with this and stopping drinking but......I bartend one night a week. It's a chunk of my livelyhood so I don't want to give it up. I've done it both sober and drinking. I really don't have too much temptation and think I can quit while at work. I've done it in that past. But the one kicker is getting home late at night when you've been serving people booze all night so people can unwind and you can't poor yourself some of the same sauce once you get home...IDK I'll probably keep the bartending shift unless I relapse because of it but if anyone has quit drinking and still bartended served and has any tips that would be welcome. ..In the past when I was on a break from drinking I would take a shot of water with customers that in the past I may have had a shot with. A little bit of water splashed back is kind of refreshing. 
----------immediate responses--------

Heya! I'm a full time sober bartender. It can be tricky especially because where I work shots and massive after-work sessions are encouraged. BUT I figure if you can quit while being around it the rest of your days are gonna be a breeze...I don't want to have to worry about being triggered all of the time so I kept my job and just said no. It has been pretty hard but all my colleagues have been really encouraging..Good luck :)
Hi Smuggles!..I don't have that experience but I have two friends who have ..had the experience of quitting and still working at a bar. ..Knowing them both I didn't see it made any difference that.. they worked around alcohol. ..For me I know I need to do and keep doing what ..works for me...I'm not trying to be vague but I feel it is somehow individual...I'm someone who can't have alcohol in my house.. or at my work or anything...Love the idea of the water shot. Thanks for posting..and IWNDWYT. :) 
Good luck! I  started a new bartending gig myself last week.  And am worried about the same!  Scared as shit it'll make me want to drink on shift and lose it... again.   Going on day 2 without drinks and I've hit 3 aa meetings!  That said it being my fourth meeting so far ever. ..My main strategy is to throw my tips into shatter or weed tbh...  when they drop. it's not fool-proof and maybe a little immature but eh     .  the groups helping keep my mind on other things I think.....
I tended bar for 9 months after I quit drinking. I was never tempted...in fact it had the opposite effect. Seeing people get sloppy drunk was more of a deterrent. However dealing with regulars (wet alcoholics) became too depressing. The same folks *every* day coming in and drinking for hours and hours. I finally quit because I felt hypocritical serving the poison to others that had nearly destroyed my life. It's hard because I miss the cash!
