-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bmvnl/putting_1000_to_the_test/

I was in detox twice before I heard the phrase "one is too many and a thousand is not enough". It was a young kid who said it he wasn't even there for drinking. Anyone under 30 was in the program for heroin or oxy. As soon as I heard the phrase a light went on- That's What I Have!..I can sit at a bar and not drink I can walk into a liquor store and buy a soda and walk out. My wife still drinks wine in the house. I'm never tempted I never feel left out or craving. When I have relapsed it's some major setback like not getting a job or not being able to pay a bill because I've lost my savings. That's when I pick up I pick up and give up- and once that alcohol is in my system all bets are off. ..It doesn't matter how long I've been sober how hard I have tried to stay clean. Just that one drink is all it takes. Why would I ever stop drinking? I love drinking drinking is great! Until the next morning of course and thats where the cravings start. I'm on the hook and alcohol keeps tugging on the line. Maybe I'll go a day or two after a bad hangover but once I've given into that first drink I'm lost for weeks desperate to chase that feeling away. ..My last drink was almost a year ago I'm getting close. I worry about getting close I worry about the holidays and all that pressure to see people to be "happy". I'm not. Things are tough I'd love to skip out on Christmas but you just can't right?..I put the "1000 is not enough" to the test last December.  An epic bender that went on for 9 days straight- morning noon and night. I didn't know what day it was I didn't know what time it was I didn't answer my phone check my email watch TV or listen to the radio- I just laid in bed drinking myself as unconscious as I could possibly be. The only thing I knew was how much alcohol I had and if I needed to get sober enough to go buy more down the street. ..One of those a days I wasn't sober enough to make it down the street. It's only four blocks the store but I made it two before I was out of breath sweating stumbling  and falling into my neighbors front yard in the middle of the morning. I was almost crawling by the time I got home. I was lucky the upstairs neighbors weren't home as I fumbled with my key unable to find the lock. I almost crawled under a bush in the back yard to sleep it off when I couldn't get back inside. ..Who is that person? Looking back it's hard to remember being so desperate so lost. How could I let this take over my life lose my job my savings my dignity. And there was never enough but the end I was finishing almost a 30 pack of beer a day with bottles of whisky to fill in the gaps. 9 days straight and it still wasn't enough. ..On the 9th day I ran out I was dry at 5 am and the stores wouldn't open until 10. That was the longest 5 hours of my life but when 10 am came around I had gotten over the hump. I said no more. Thank god. I was looking at detox #3 for Christmas or I was going to die it was much more likely I'd die actually. I pretty much wanted to. ..It's been one day at a time since then but it's added up to 11 months. Things are bad but being sober is good. If I stay away from that one drink I think I can stay clean I plan on staying clean but I'll just worry about today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wished I could reach 11 months! You are doing amazing keep on going! 
Awesome progress!
Thanks for the share - i could write almost the same share about myself word for word.  Well done on the year coming up stay strong.
wow that life sound so hard. You must have been so depressed and low at that point. I admire how you got out of it and pushed thru the hard times! Can not have been easy at all! All respect for you! You chose to give life a chance..(sry my english is bad) 
