-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bp1en/where_to_turn/

I have been struggling with trying to quit drinking for the past year or so. I finally was honest with my doc and was scared when she told me maybe I should go check myself into a clinic. I have 2 young kids and spouse works long hours. No one can watch them. So she suggested Ativan to help with the terrible withdrawal symptoms I was already starting to have. Next week I start new meds to help with the cravings.. My blood pressure was so sky high that she asked if I can have someone with me the next 24 hours in case it gets bad. Asked my spouse to work from home if possible. He can but he's not happy. I don't understand why though. I thought this would be a good step and it's just one day I'm asking him for. He gave me the silent treatment for awhile and then asked me about my drinking habits. Told him and that was the end of the conversation. I'm heartbroken I don't have his support. Now I just want him to leave tomorrow. This has made me so scared to try and seek support from anyone else in my family. Everyone says you can't do this alone (need a support system/family) but I may have to..... So disappointed and frustrated.
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone: we're here. We all are. Right here in SD and if you need a more direct talk in the live chat (check the sidebar on the web or on mobile go to the sub's front page hit the 3 dots in the top and select *community information*)..Doing it with us doing it with SD *is* not doing it alone. It makes all the difference coming here sharing your pledge not to drink today browsing posting commenting...As for your husband:..&gt; "Hanlon's Razor is a useful mental model which can be best summarized as such:  Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by neglect.'"...&gt; "Applying Hanlon's razor in our day-to-day lives allows us to better develop relationships become less judgmental and improves rationality. Hanlon's razor allows us to give people the benefit of the doubt and have more empathy."...&gt; "One of the most valuable uses of Hanlon's razor is in relationships and communication. It is common for people to damage relationships by believing other people are intentionally trying to cause problems for them or behaving in a way intended to be annoying. In most cases these situations are the result of inability or accidental mistakes."..It can be so many things. Maybe he feels he has given so much before already and feels this is yet one more thing. Maybe he has no faith no hope that this will be for real. Maybe *he* has a drinking problem -- you mentioned he might be hiding the amount he drinks -- and this is uncomfortably close to home for him...It changes nothing. *Today* you won't drink. Tomorrow you'll come back and renew your promise...I'm not drinking with you today
[removed]
So glad you posted.  We're here!  Stay and browse and look around in this amazing subreddit called SD; you will find a ton of wisdom and help...You are *really smart* to have discussed this with your doctor bravo for that!  Taking that step takes a lot of bravery.  Also: doctor's offices often have info on other community resources that might be helpful to you so perhaps ask them about that.  ..Like /u/everydayanewday says you're not doing this alone because you're here with us.  ..Keep posting let us know how it's going?  See you at the daily check-in!
