-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7brl8m/1_year_of_no_booze_today_my_story_of_how_my_year/

I made a full year without drinking and I can't hardly believe it. I made this account 365 days ago hungover and posted in this subreddit my cry for help. (See first post). And I stuck with the quit attempt so far! This was a great subreddit to stay motivated especially in the early days ..a LOT has happened this last year. Sadly it's not a story where I'm perfectly fine and happy now. But there is huge improvement. I haven't been completely sober despite me not drinking alcohol. Mainly I had a severe benzo relapse and became physically addicted within 3 weeks of binging and went through the most horrible withdrawal ever. If you ever find yourself wanting to take benzos read about withdrawals and take the warnings very seriously. You don't want to learn the hard way like I did. ..That happened in September in the middle of midterms. That forced me to drop out of school. Oh well I'm starting school again in January and I can't do anything about it now. The last 4 semesters (2 which I completed 100% sober) were close to 4.0... so I'm not letting this one semester of dropped courses beat me up to much ..My Anna Nicole Smith like benzoed out moment was only a very brief mistake and I quit that too. Thankfully I didn't drink during that. Big reminder that I can't handle drugs as I always take them overboard. I'm back to being totally sober now as I was most of the year. ..Am I perfectly happy where I thought I'd be after a year of no booze? No. Is that ok that I'm not? Yes. Was it worth it to quit? FUCK YES. Just because I'm not in the best mental health now doesn't mean I can't be at some point. It is improving and these were the underlying issues that made me drink in the first place. ..I saw a therapist all summer. I saw a psychiatrist last week and started anti-depressants. I go to the gym somewhat regularly. I've lost 60lbs (which should be in big bold letters at top... yay!!). I look and feel way better! My overall physical health has gone back to feeling like a normal person instead of bag of rotting organs from booze. I would have never taken these steps to get my life healthy if I spent the last year drinking. ..My toughest obstacle at this point has been my general and social anxiety disorders. I feel like I grew up learning to be social only when alcohol was around. Now it's not and it's just so hard for me to go out and be social. I do have great friends I see regularly but other than that I've been very reclusive.  It is so hard for me to hang out with people I don't know. ..I went on a few dates with a really nice guy but had to close him off cause I just can't deal with the anxiety of it. And he was super into me! This is something I used to go to booze for and something I really need to work on. Hoping my anti-depressants I just started will help with the social anxiety a bit. Taking a break from dating till I feel a bit more stable. If anyone else has any ideas let me know :). Basically learning how to socialize from scratch again haha. ..So yeah one year and not a single drink of alcohol along the way. Despite my obstacles I find a lot of pride in that. Never thought it was possible. I look at today as day 1 of a new sober year. The second time around I'm gonna take what worked from the first year and get rid of the stuff that didn't. (I.e. benzos) If I can stick it out a year I have faith in anyone! Go us! Drinking sucks big time. .	.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. I have gone back in your history and read all of your posts since day one. Wow have you come a long way. Continue being an inspiration to us here at SD and thanks for sharing. I look forward to your future posts. Congratulations on 1 year. 
Congratulations!!!!  There's a really positive feel to your story which is awesome to read! .. I struggle with sober socializing as well especially with anxiety-related stuff going on.  I don't have any great ideas but it has gotten easier over time and I'm more comfortable going out sober.  At first I really tried to make myself go into certain situations - force myself to go to big parties or whatever just to prove I could do it.  Now I realize it's ok to socialize on my terms which is more like small groups where I can actually have a conversation with people.  Good luck with your next year - it sounds like you are off to a great start and year 2 will be even better.  :) 
Congratulations!!!
Sorted! You've got amazing strength - I've heard many say that coming off benzos is worse than opioid withdrawal. The evidence also says that those that can abstain beyond 6 months do really well - lower relapse rates than opioids (possibly due to the sheer hard work?!)..You've gotten this far imagine where you could be this time next year with all your strength and determination 
Thank you you really motivated me tonight!   
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats! Social anxiety is probably the biggest underlying reason I loved to drink. I have definitely become quite a homebody since I have quit. Just went to an ex-girlfriend's wedding with a bunch of people from high school I haven't seen in 20 years. SOBER. Guess what? It wasn't all that bad. The worst part about anxiety is what happens between your ears! Keep on pushing forward!!
What a wonderful thing to read this morning! I'm so glad things are going well and that's you're healthy and finding happiness. ..Go us and go you!!..Xoxoxoxo
Wow!! This is so inspiring!!..Thank you for sharing yourself with us!!..And a big congratulations for you one year milestone!!  Here is to many many more years of freedom!!
Well done :)
Congrats on ONE-Year u/noctemboy69!..&gt; Just because I'm not in the best mental health now doesn't mean I can't be at some point...You know how you hear from the long-timers that "it keeps getting better"?  --I don't consider myself a "long-timer" btw--  Anyway the first year my mission was to learn to live without drinking.  It wasn't until well into the second that I began to grow as a person living a happy sober life.  I'm still growing as a sober person and things are still getting better.  Give it some time.  You're doing great so keep it going!!
WTG!
Congratulations!!..Don't sweat those dropped classes. You have the right attitude. In a few years the lessons you learned are what you remember and nobody will ask for your transcript. ..&gt;Am I perfectly happy where I thought I'd be after a year of no booze? No. Is that ok that I'm not? Yes. Was it worth it to quit? FUCK YES...Exactly how I feel. Getting sober didn't solve all of my problems but damn was it the right decision. Go us!
I loved reading your story. I have ended up in a very similar position as you are in. I quit drinking a year ago and relapsed for a week in May so nearly 6 mos sober now. The more painful part of my withdrawal process that I am currently in is benzo withdrawal. I quit cold turkey about 3 mos ago and didn't realize the hell I was about to endure..thank God for benszobuddies.org. Anyways your post is very inspirational and I hope to hear more about your journey in sobriety.
