-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7btujz/i_keep_catching_myself_romanticizing_relapse/

Here's a problem i'd like to know your opinion on or if you've had something like this...I've recently noticed a trend in my own subconscious I'll be imagining something sad or tragic or dark (you know how the mind is always going in dark places) and immediately i'll picture myself drinking hating it but doing it nonetheless. .Rather than something i worry about it feels like something inevitable that will happen the second something knocks my life out of balance..Of course i really do NOT want this to happen. I'll be happy never to touch alcohol again for as long as i live. I fight the notion but....But somewhere in the back of my mind it's like i'm 100% convinced my sobriety is just a temporary thing...So i wonder is this something that happens/has happened to you in your journey? How do you deal with it?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes absolutely it happened to me my first two attempts at quitting drinking. My reasons for quitting weren't to better myself or because I didn't want to drink anymore. The reason I quit those times was because I was losing my friends to my alcoholism. My behavior while drunk was driving them away. I quit for THEM &amp; not ME. This time is different because I'm doing it for ME. I don't want to drink anymore which I never in a million years would be possible or something I would think ever. I was in your shoes mentally last year for sure. I would convince myself that I didn't want to drink ever again but I had that thought in the back of my mind just like you that my sobriety was only temporary; I knew I would drink again. When you do this for YOU when YOU WANT IT with all of your heart &amp; desire it changes the game entirely. Good luck.
Many people would go back to drinking if something sufficiently tragic happened in their life.  Your mind is in charge of evaluating events and classifying them as "sufficiently tragic" or not.  I think what you are afraid of is that your mind will decide to take something small and convince you that "this is a bad enough event that I deserve to give up".
10 months sober and I've been struggling with this lately.  The devil on my shoulder says 'Well if XYZ ever happens you could drink yourself stupid - it would only be the one time'.  And the angel on my other shoulder says 'No you would have the good sense to call someone before that happened and ask them to talk you out of it'.  And the devil says 'Would you.......??'..
I have a terribly nostalgic romantic tendency and I pretty much have to actively switch away from it these days when it pops up. By force. Like if any one of a hundred songs comes on the radio it overwhelms me with feelings and memories and takes me totally out of myself. I'll well up with tears suddenly go cold and prickly with tragedy over some moment in a desert twenty years ago all kinds of shit--and all I am doing is making my life incredibly hard as long as I remain in it. ..So I just have to say "NOPE" really fast and loud and change the channel whether it's radio or an errant leaf reminding me of the hand of a long lost....NOPE. I do know where the mind goes but I have to be its shepherd at the moment.
Yes I do this as well it's mostly on my commute home and especially on my commute home if it's been a really rough day or my personal life is stressed. I find it helpful to take deep breaths and plan exactly what I am going to do once I hit the front door (clean cook laundry help with school work go to a movie etc etc.) keeping my mind and hands busy is such an important thing to do. IWNDWYT.
It's not just about sobriety. I find I do that to myself  - imagining some dark event that will rip away my happiness. So in the midst of being very happy and content with how my life is going all of a sudden I'd think that it's all just temporary and something terrible will happen to my loved ones and change all that. Brene Brown calls it "joy foreboding" ..I highly recommend her book " Daring greatly" where she talks about vulnerability and instances of "joy foreboding"..
I have felt the very same. ..As a part of managing my anxiety problem I'm trying to examine/observe my thoughts and not let them fester/boil over into panic attacks. ..I think it helps to shine a light on the undesirable thought/feeling feel it (cause you have to to let it go!) and know that feelings pass. Also hold it up against what you know to be true. ..I need a nap...that may not make much sense. Haha. .
