-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7buse6/i_feel_like_i_lost_my_best_friend/

Or 20 of them. I feel so empty cold and alone. Before I would have picked up 4-5 beers and drank. Now I am here with my sober thoughts. At least I will wake up tomorrow without a throbbing head and go to work. Alcohol was such a big part of my life that I am feeling totally empty. Still hard part will be the weekend...On a different note. I read my old post in this sub. When I was 32 days sober. Here is a quote:..&gt; In the end I'm so happy that I decided to make this choice. I'm a better person now but I have a long road before me. A road that will be hard a long battle with my brain. A battle with myself who will try to convince me "hey I'm doing fine maybe one beer won't do any harm?  .&gt; .&gt; I want to thank all of you for support because I read this sub every day even though I post rarely. Thank you all. And for everyone struggling I can guaranty that nobody ever thought that stopping to drink was a mistake. My only mistake was that I haven't stopped sooner! ..It somehow inspires me to keep going. Also it shows me where I failed before. I will not drink with you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

Very normal to feel this way. Alcohol had become such a huge part of my identity... I didn't know who I was or what I was like without "crazy party" bsorbet. It was very confusing. Turns out I'm pretty great sober tho ;)
I'm feeling somewhat the same ATM. Happy enough not drinking in the house anymore. But my hubby is talking about a holiday and I was like "whatever".  As I was thinking that it wouldn't be as good if I can't drink!  ..I've went on loads of nites out without drinking and have always enjoyed it but I think it's having the 'choice' to drink taken away. 
I'm a lil excited to discover who I am besides a party girl. I made a list of all the stuff I wanna try now that I'm not wasting so much time and money drinking. Plus on day 5 I'm starting to have energy!!! I feel lonely too though. I kidnapped a girl from my home group last night and made her go to 2 meetings with me cause my social life has tanked! I'm trying to stay positive and IWNDWYT
