-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bygfu/two_weeks_ago_my_mother_passed_away_i_am_a/

TW: suicide.....It's been almost 9 years since my father an alcoholic died of suicide. I was 21 and his death began my own descent into alcoholism. I remember being alone in my Mom's house (she had gone to Minnesota to take care of his cremation arrangements etc) and drinking and drinking and drinking until I passed out on the kitchen floor. ..Alcohol comforted me at a time when I didn't know what loss was. I couldn't understand how something could hurt so much. My life had been pleasant and sheltered up to that point. I became attached to the numbness that alcohol provided me because it was the only way I could function. ..My Mom and I have always had a difficult relationship. She wasn't always there for me and if she did help me with something she'd hold it over my head and call me ungrateful later. Our conversations often centered around her problems. She always made me feel guilty for moving out and having my own life. During the last months of her life she was in so much physical and emotional pain that she became verbally abusive towards me. It was incredibly difficult to be her caregiver. ..But she also had the capacity to be really sweet and funny and helpful. It was weird to not know which Mom I was going to get when I picked up the phone or answered the door. ..She passed after a long battle with heart disease diabetes autoimmune disease and depression. She couldn't muster the strength to fight it anymore and one day announced that she was going to stop taking all 18 of her medications. I dismissed it as  crying wolf  and not a serious threat - she talked passively about suicide all the time. But this time she meant it. Within 48 hours she was gone. She was 57 years old. ..I haven't had time to think about what this all means. To be 30 years old and have both parents essentially end their lives. To witness all their pain and to see them lose those battles. ..I feel like I'm some canned story out of the Big Book but I still haven't drank. ..I think my sobriety is what got me through this. I had something to hold on to. Something to focus on. I kept expecting the urges to drink to come but they never did. I held on to my chip. I talked to people I love: aunts uncles cousins old friends from college coworkers. Everyone had my back and I just felt that it was going to be ok because I could see love coming from other places. I knew I was going to be cared for even if both of my parents were gone...I can't explain what's happened to me. I don't want to get too weird about Higher Power stuff because I know that's not everyone's cup of tea - but in general I have changed my thinking. I have been moving away from self-pity. I have stopped thinking that  everything bad happens to me because I deserve it because I suck . Things just happen.  And I believe that things are not random. ..My sobriety is the strongest thing in my life because I have put it first. I know that if I drink again I will lose everything. My job. My freedom. My sanity. Perhaps my life. I am also no stranger to depression and suicidal ideation. I come from two parents with lifelong struggles with depression low-self-esteem addictions suicide attempts mental health hospitalizations and suicide successes. That is a road I can choose not to walk down. But only if I put sobriety before everything else. ..I take care of my sobriety and in turn it takes care of me. Alcoholism is the voice that tells us to destroy ourselves that we are no good and no one loves us. Sobriety tells us we are worth fighting for that we are loving that we are talented and funny that we are grateful that we must take care of ourselves. ..My sobriety has told me to go to therapy. My sobriety told me to take anxiety medication so I could function. It told me to leave an abusive relationship because I deserved better. It told me to start writing and doing photography again. It told me to eat healthier. It told me to go take care of my Mom even when she was difficult. It told me to call my friends and stop isolating myself. ..I won't get complacent - but I am happy that I am not worried about my sobriety today. I know I won't drink today because I have built so many safeguards to prevent me from drinking. I have a sponsor. I have AA. I have SD. I keep a dry house. My friends know to avoid offering me alcohol and keep their consumption in my presence to a minimum. I have a Higher Power even though I don't fully understand It yet. I write to get my feelings out. I let others help me when I need it. ..I'm not drinking with y'all today.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey we can have dry places and dry people but not dry eyes my friend...Sending you some love stay strong.
Thanks for sharing your story. 
That was very moving thank you. You deserve all the good that comes with being sober. I will drink with you tonight.
I'm sorry sorry sorry for your losses. But you are AMAZING.
Thank you for sharing this.  I am so sorry for your losses.  I am so in awe of how you have handled it.  I will not drink with you today.  But I will send you my love and a great big hug.  Be well.
I'm sorry things are rough. Good thoughts your way...Not a popular view but I definitely do NOT think your mother's death was a suicide. I hope this doesn't come across wrong but by the time it takes 18 medications to keep you from passing naturally in 48 hours the body is under a TREMENDOUS toll to just keep going. From what I gather your mother was in pain and suffering and she just chose her god given right to let nature take its course...That is not meant harshly at all. I hope it means that you can see that hopefully she found peace. ..&gt;To witness all their pain and to see them lose those battles...She didn't lose her battle. She ended it on her terms and she went home :)
I'm so very sorry for your loss. I won't drink with you today but I will give you a big internet hug. 
Thank you for sharing that here. My heart goes out to you. ..I'm thankful people like you share your stories. Reading here on SD each day (multiple times a day) helps to put things into perspective just when I need it. I had a rough afternoon and evening ... I wanted a drink or 10 so bad. All I could think about was how much I wanted to go back to not feeling anything. But reading your Story just now really showed me that my problems tonight maybe aren't so bad that I can't get through them. You're an inspiration. You did it. You stayed sober. So proud of you Stranger!
Oh dear one I'm so sorry.  Your post is quite poignant and this mama is very of you for all you've done and all you're doing.  Blessings to you friend. Stay real!
My mother battled breast cancer that metastasized into bone and brain cancer as well as heart disease and depression before she passed away in 2002. I was 16. My father (alcoholic with throat cancer smoker) followed her in 2010. It's always been a really weird feeling to not have living parents at my age. Throughout my 20's I would face that grand question "so what do your parents do?" or especially at Holidays I would have to explain that I *wouldn't* be spending time with family. I have also referred to myself as an orphan because I have felt entirely too young to be alone out here. Drinking was how I coped with this and so many other things. In July of this year (my mother passed on the 4th of July) I told myself that I have an opportunity to turn this day into something positive once and for all. So I quit drinking. I wish I could say that my life magically got better (LOL) but the reality is that it's been a lot of hard work and psychology. Still I also think sobriety is the source of my strength because when I choose that I know I am choosing myself. I appreciate all of the tears and hardships that I have been through now because I think without it I wouldn't be who I am today. Thank you for writing this. It helps to know I am not alone out there and I want you to know you are not alone either. 
Thank you for sharing your strength courage &amp; gratitude xx
Thanks f r sharing! 
Hallelujah - whoever you are I want you to know you touched my heart. Thank you for posting. It's what I needed today. Reset now on day 2. X
Wow! You are incredibly brace and courageous and admirably resilient and strong. I won't drink with you today - and I'm both moved and encouraged by your story. Keep going! Love and respect to you xx
Brave - not brace. Damn this spellchecker!!
I  am so sorry for your losses. What you wrote is beautiful. I  absolutely love how you reference sobriety as almost a  friend  that has given you so much and helped lead you down the right path; something to take care of and treat well; and alcohol as the enemy who has tried to derail you over and over again. I'm saving this post for weak moments- you have really inspired me. Thank you for sharing. 
I take care of my sobriety and in turn it takes care of me = brilliant. I am so sorry for your loss. Stay strong friend. I will not drink with you today.
I am so grateful to have read your post. My father passed 4 years ago and my mother 14 years before that.  It was only after the passing of my father that some gateway opened all those feelings came through - the drinking couldn't keep them suppressed anymore.  Therapy helped quite a bit but i am not quite done. Your story touches my heart thanks for sharing.   
You're crushing it. Sorry for all your loss. I won't drink with you today. 
that's heavy. you're stronger than me. keep after it
Hi OP...That sucks about your dad. It was tragic and awful and nobody should have to go through that. Suicide is a horrific experience for the living...Regarding your mom if at 57 she was able to go from a relatively normal status to dead in just  48h off her medication then her overall condition was pretty severe. In such a severe condition she may have been suffering terribly (you didn't specify but she might not have said so either). Try to have compassion for her that her bad health put her in such a state that death seemed preferable. I wouldn't look at her passing as suicide in the traditional sense- hers was a kind of Socratic suicide where the alternative was even worse than death- u/soberapok had a really good example of this in his/her post...What you're experiencing (the death of parents) is a predestined experience for anyone who lives long enough. Some people lose their parents much younger. Others older. Try to be grateful for the time you did have with them keep their memories alive remember their lessons avoid the pitfalls they encountered and make them proud. If at some point you have kids keep your parents "alive" through stories. You'd be surprised how effective good storytelling can be in this regard...It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders and are aware of the dangers posed by alcohol and other bad coping mechanisms in your state of grief. You have my condolences.
Hey Girl...my heart goes out to you. I'm so sorry about your Mom your Dad and all that you endured. Through it all you've stayed sober! I'm so proud for you sweetie...Side note: my Dad passed away at 57 years old also (alcohol *did* play a part in his case). I miss him so much and wish he could see me sober. But I know he's watching over me. And your angels are watching over you too ;). ..Sending love and a big warm hug xo.
"I have a Higher Power even though I don't fully understand it yet." I completely  relate to this :) 
Thank you! Beautiful testament! I'm struggling with my thoughts on the higher power thing because that is the step I'm on - im glad for your full life because that is the sobriety I'm trying to create too! I'm sorry for your loss but happy with your ability and safe guards to be able to effectively cope with it in a healthy way! Gives hope that I will have that skill once I have a few more months of sobriety under my belt! I won't drink with you today!
You are literally sharing my story. I had to check to see if I possibly wrote this in some time warp. I lost my dad to alcoholism when I was 9 and my mother in this exact same way at 29. I had 14 months sober at the time and I remember feeling the exact same way waiting for myself to snap get overthrown by urges go running for the razors if you will.  Obviously I'm still here too and I've never heard a story so similar to mine.  Thank you so much for sharing. 
Beautiful and exrremely well written piece. Thanks for sharing. ..My heart aches for you. May you find comfort in your time of need and continued strength in your sobriety. Well wishes to you. 
You're a beautiful person thank you for sharing this.
I am glad you're here. Thanks for sharing your story.
You're such a thoughtful compassionate person.  I'm sorry for all the pain you have experienced.  But I'm proud of you for staying so strong.  It's truly amazing.  Keeping honoring your own feelings about your parents and their lives and deaths.  You will continue to make it through.
I am so proud of you for not drinking today! Sending you lots of love internet friend  
So sorry to hear this. 
Just wanted to say you touched my heart today. Thank you so much for your powerful and meaningful words. 
Thank you for sharing this. A lot of what you wrote is going on with me and my dad right now and it's comforting to know we're not alone in our thoughts and experiences. 
I am the baby in my family and when I say baby I mean the closest in age is my brother by 8 years. You are not alone with this family/alcoholism/isolation thing I am there to. I was raised by a pill head grifter of a mother who is in a home and I am just waiting for the call that she's finally dead my father died of liver failure when I was 24 all my grandparents were dead by the time I was 21 and the little bit of family I have left lives in other states 7+ hours away or I don't know them at all because they hate either my mom or dad. I am also divorced and a single parent so the stakes are high for me and the pressure is never ending. The one great thing that I have finally figured out is sobriety for the "most part" I am sure I will slip up (hopefully not) at some point but if I do I know the road back. You are not alone hang in there I will not drink with myself or anyone else today.
   I wish I were as brave as you are. I'm really proud of how you're taking care of yourself.
