-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7c0uo1/i_think_i_identified_one_of_the_major_factors/

I've been seriously trying to quit drinking since December 2016 so for aboit three years. My longest sober period was six months in 2014 and this year I had five in spring. I've had dry spells from a week or two to a month or two. Anyway now that I've calmed down a bit (didn't have cravings but certainly thought about drinking) I think I know what my main trigger or one of them is. ..Anger. Deep buried anger stemming from my childhood and adolescent experiences. I've been really stressed out this fall and thought that it's just that but it isn't. I realized this today when my colleague was let's just say not that keen on social cues and kept interrupting my workflow as in she couldn't take a hint. I'm not prone to showing my emotions so I kept things professional until I had a lunch break with an other co-worker and she could tell I was upset so she asked me. And when I started to tell her I was almost overwhelmed by this mix of aggression exhaustion and also relief of sorts. It's hard to describe but I have a sensory memory of that same emotion from when I was bullied at school. I've had the same kind of crawling under my skin feeling every single time before a relapse probably since I started "medicating" myself with alcohol as a teenager. ..I've kinda known this intellectually but haven't experienced and realized it emotionally except today. Even though the person is super annoying quite often I feel like I need to thank her in some way. ..Just wanted to share this to someone. Have a great weekend people!
----------immediate responses--------

That's great that you identified a potential trigger.  Now you can determine how to deal with it before it sparks an urge.  ..Maybe next time instead of dropping a hint you just have to be more direct and tell a coworker you cannot talk right now instead of letting the bad emotions grow inside you.   It's up to you.   ..Great job!   I will not drink with you today.  
&gt;Even though the person is super annoying quite often I feel like I need to thank her in some way...There is a meditation where we thank our demons and invite them to come back to us again and again.  And it's for exactly this reason.  They give us clarity and show us in very certain terms where we have room to grow.  The obstacle becomes the path the roadblock becomes the road map.  ..i love it good work!  &lt;3
Oh I get this. I have a hard time with people who dont get the hint. It gives me a ton of anxiety. I dont like people that are pushy and self serving. I hate driving because I feel like everyone is an asshole on the road. When I am walking I hate it when people walk too closely behind me or when they stay behind me out of my peripheral vision. It wears on me and used to be a big factor in driving me to want to drink. ..I have been trying to recondition the way I think about these situations. Taking some deep breaths helps. I think about why it bothers me and often because it makes me feel like I am "in the way" particularly when driving or walking. I am a slow driver and walker (I got short lil legs) I keep trying to tell myself that its their problem to deal with if I am slow not mine.
