-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7c2yhv/perspective_on_a_relapse/

Nope I didn't relapse sorry if that was click-baitey.  But I just got introduced to a fantastic sobriety blog by Laura McKowen.  In it she quotes Augustin Burroughs and what he wrote about relapse.  ..It really struck me and I wanted to share it with you all.  At 865 days I still need to maintain a healthy perspective about my alcoholic conditioning and the potential of a relapse.  ..Here is what I read:..&gt;What has worked for me is to find something I wanted more than I wanted to drink which was a fuck of a lot. This is less a decision than a discovery...My view that the way to stop drinking is to stop drinking is laughably simplistic on the surface. It's  Just say no.  It's also true. The way to stop drinking is to want sobriety more. And then when you feel a craving feel the craving until it passes. But don't act on it   any more than you wouldn't kill somebody you feel like killing when they cut you off in traffic. Just because you want something doesn't mean you have to have it..I know how infuriating that is to hear...&gt;Relapse is the temper tantrum you allow yourself to have when you forbid yourself from drinking. To stop drinking you stop drinking. You pour it out right now...The thought that precedes relapse certainly in my case and I bet in many others as well is  screw it.  Screw it is an idiom that means  I no longer care."..I finally decided that I cared more about my life than I did about my drinking.  I haven't had a drink since.  You all are amazing worthwhile and strong humans.  Your life is worth more than your drinking.  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Just because you want something doesn't mean you have to have it...oh yes.  all of this very much.
Well now I have to go read this whole blog. Thanks
I have listened to this book probably 5 times. It has really impacted me and helped!
I LOVE Lauren Mckowen  
Love it
&gt;the way to stop drinking is to just want sobriety more ..Absolutely!..Since I find sobriety and living *Unimpaired* of value to me I treat it accordingly...I *safeguard* that which is valuable to me.  My loved ones.  My health.  I treat them with respect.  ..When I stop treasuring my sobriety is when I'm in danger of having something happen to it.  ..That's one if the reasons I focus on today.  ..I know that misery awaits.  I remember exactly where I left it.  It's still right there waiting.  I stood at the abyss and stared....*It stared back*......   I can return.  I choose however to put as much distance between me and the abyss as is possible.  Each day I travel one day farther from it.  As long as I stay the course follow the existing heading that has delivered me here today.   Then tomorrow I can continue forward ...... or turn around and head back.  ..Each day I choose  Forward! 
I won't drink with you tonight!
Awesome - I love this Girl!
 
That encapsulates my mindset...I've found things I care about more than drinking and I know returning to alcohol would put them in jeopardy and as such I've lost the desire to drink.
Great perspective!  Especially *Relapse is the temper tantrum you allow yourself to have* lol.
Thank you for this! Your 865 days inspires me to keep truckin'.."Relapse is the temper tantrum you allow yourself when you forbid yourself from drinking" should be on a Tshirt I need to own...I will not be drinking with you today!
Oh wow yep to the *temper tantrum* sentence - that is exactly what lead to my slip I could feel my feet stamping as I was walking to the bottle shop..... saying to myself -"I can do whatever I want &amp; FK everything"! Fortunately by the time I got home &amp; sat down with that poison I realised that *What I Wanted* was to live without alcohol &amp; to live well for myself :)..Thank you for posting this &amp; I will not be drinking with you today!
&gt; The way to stop drinking is to want sobriety more...THISSS..I am so in love with sobriety that drinking just sounds fucking terrible...
Good stuff.
