-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7c8adi/prechristmas_party_is_it_worth_it/

My climber buddies are having a party tonight; not too big or small about 20 to 30 people I think. I know a few people from there but none of them are my close friends...Anyway I know people will be more or less drunk there. Maybe a couple of them not so much and even though the focus isn't getting wasted I know many people will. What I'm contemplating is whether the experience is worth it - I get pretty much annoyed by random drunk people and with this crowd I've always been intoxicated in these kind of events. None of them know I've quit drinking. I get the feeling I'll get super anxious there but then again this would be an opportunity to meet new people and break my social isolation on the weekends  -circle. I don't really fear relapsing but I haven't experienced this sober before. ..Have you done events like these while sober? Yay / nay?
----------immediate responses--------

Trust your instincts.  If you don't want to go don't go.  If you do go have a firm exit plan in place if needed. Go early.  Enjoy the conversations before they begin to erode.  Being anxious is normal.  Use your sobriety as your strength and be confident and trust yourself.  
I'd go with a clear exit plan. If you've been feeling socially isolated it might be a nice change and you might meet people who are NOT drinking! But if it's a drunk fest grab your keys and go. Just my two cents. I think I was at about your sober time when I went to my first party where there was alcohol. It went fine and nobody got drunk at all I was very surprised. Best wishes!
If there's the slightest chance that I can't maintain my valued sobriety I don't go...If I feel spiritual sound (not having ambivalent thoughts of a drink) then I attend with a plan - ..&gt;break my social isolation on the weekends..Isolation isn't healthy for me.  I developed a sober support network that includes activities.  I started that network with meetings.  Then I learned that there is an infinite number of places where drinking is not the primary nor secondary activity...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
Hey garriip! I'm gonna have to go with *nay* sorry if that's not what you wanted to hear. As u/Prevenient_grace says above if there's even the slightest chance that my sobriety may be in jeopardy I steer clear...Congrats on 107 great job!
Thanks for the input people! I don't condider the event as a threat to my sobriety but I'll weigh my options. I'm super tired and there's a monsoonish (or Mordorish) rain outside so I miiight favor my futon and a movie tonight. Also I can eat all the snacks I bought for the event myself :D
