-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7c9qlj/resetting_my_badge/

I drank yesterday. I tried not to I had every intention to not drink but I was meeting with someone that I ALWAYS have a few drinks with and the pull was so damn strong that I gave in...I drank about a bottles worth (or maybe a bit more) of wine smoked one cigarette and don't really remember how I walked home or everything I did once I got home. I didn't do anything bad but I ignored my bf and his kids (I didn't want them to see me drunk) and tried to head straight to bed. That was hard for the obvious reason of me being super drunk. Sigh...This morning my bf came in the room and asked me about last night. I told him that I drank. He asked me how I feel today..... You know what? That first sip tasted so freaking delicious but after that first sip the rest of my wine just tasted like wine...My bf said he needed to share how he felt so of course I listened to him. What he said broke my heart. He said that he felt angry betrayed embarrassed sad and that he felt sorry for me when he saw me stumble in last night. He said that he hates feeling helpless watching the woman that he loves struggling. He feels helpless that he can't help me. He said other things as well but at one point he started crying...I felt heartbroken. I had already decided that my relapse was so not worth it to feel like shit today to get drunk last night and not be able to enjoy myself fully. I had already decided to make more of an effort to not drink if I did get really bad urges I've decided to write them down as I'm experiencing them so that I can coast through them instead of giving in...Hearing my bf express his feelings seeing how much pain he was in because of my actions was super powerful. As soon as he left the room I burst into tears and made a promise to never forget how I made someone that I love feel because of poor choices...I will not drink today and while I'm not beating myself up about my actions yesterday I will remember that my choices don't just affect me but they affect those around me. ..It's not worth it. IWNDT
----------immediate responses--------

I know that the only way it started working for me was to have a plan... what will you do in the future to change the outcome?  For me it was reading a conscious decision to stick to dry places and dry people and a daily commitment to not drink for the next 24 hours.  I will not drink with you today.
That is very hard.  All of the first are.  It's not exactly comfortable to discuss not drinking why not drinking etc early on...It helped me to make up a "sharable" reason I wasn't drinking.  It doesn't have to be the truth.  You can say ur on a medication have an ulcer... whatever gives u the time and space you need...For me the closer to the truth (as I then understood it) the reason I gave was the easier I found it... both to explain and abstain...Mine was something like... "I've really been drinking more than I'd like lately and I've decided to take a month off just to be sure I don't have a problem."..Your drinking buddy is less likely to challenge that than saying ur on an antibiotic.  ..3 weeks is a strong run.  Now blow by it and be up near 50 when the NY's resolution crowd shows up  
I have so much compassion for you right now. I went through a similar conversation with my husband 83 days ago. It feels terrible. 
Glad your back at it!..I wonder if that person might be someone to avoid for a bit. The old timers here are always repeating the phrase  Dry people dry places.  Often times I see posts about people going to bars or meeting up with drinking buddies and it makes me feel so worried; that's the razor's edge...Anyway I'm glad it's a learning slip! I'm actually really grateful for those. ..
