-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cea79/30_days/

I would like to say I'm proud of myself but I'm not. Intellectually I know this a milestone for me but I think my resentments are such that I find myself held in a paralysis preventing me from experiencing a state of caring self-evaluation. As well I've made 30 days before so I'm not really all that convinced...I'd like to take this opportunity to share where I'm at though at this point in my journey. The longer I am sober the more I realise the importance of being as honest as possible about exactly it is that I'm experiencing...I was thinking about step 4 when I woke up this morning. I was overwhelmed by the scope of what I felt resentful about. The pain is deep deep deep. As well my hatred knows no limits. I can even find myself hating the very thing that makes existence even possible.  I almost see it as a selfish force that it would needlessly create life so that beings could endlessly suffer in it. And then I end up resenting myself for being unable to even comprehend it...I find the task of step 4 daunting as hell. Realising that there may actually be solutions to my pain is not something I'm finding all that encouraging. For some reason I am desperately afraid. My resentments seem to cover this territory too. I resent that there are solutions and I resent even more that I have to work hard to achieve it. A powerful part of me still strongly believes that I shouldn't have to be dealing with any of this in the first place. It seems like the thing that makes me think it's unfair is the very thing that's stopping me from making progress. And may very well be the thing that has not only prevented me from evolving but has been an active part in my self-destruction...A denial of reality creates unreality. And in unreality the self finds itself alienated in its environment incompatible even with its own skin. That is me emotionally disconnected bottled small with bitter hatred and resentment...Intellectually I know that I am doomed as long as I stay stuck in this state. I've seen the steps change my father in ways I couldn't have believed. If there was anyone who I believed was absolutely hopeless it was him. I would have bet money confidently that he would never ever change. Now it seems that lack of belief in change has shifted its focus onto me. For whatever reason there is a part of me very much invested in the idea that this is who I am to be until I find the grave...Right now all I feel strongly is emptiness or resentment/hatred. I feel trapped in that realm of limited experience and am struggling believe that there is a way out.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days. You are way ahead of me I haven't been sober for a month since I was 18. I also haven't stepped foot in an AA meeting so I don't know what the steps are so I can't help you much there...But as far as being unfair. I'm completely with you there. I don't want to be an alcoholic. I'm kinda pissed off I am but nobody signs up for cancer either. Best of luck. 
Thanks for opening up here. I learned something from that... and I'm interested to read about the steps after your post. Good luck and congratulations on a solid month.
&gt;	my resentments are such that I find myself held in a paralysis preventing me from experiencing a state of caring self-evaluation..You may be feeling that but this post of yours reads like it's from someone who is brave insightful and brutally honest. Thank you for sharing this. Good luck with Step 4.
