-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cfr36/just_wanted_to_say_that_life_is_so_much_better_now/

It's a sunday morning and I just got to work at 8:15am because I wanted to. This week I get to celebrate my 30th gym attendance. I'm still struggling with mental fog/IQ and coordination but through sobriety and counseling I'm finally gaining a grasp on my true identity and how to create the life I want which is one of the main things I would drink to avoid dealing with...Pretty soon I get to celebrate a year sober. Hard to believe it's been that long! It has gotten so easy I rarely even think about alcohol. My attitude has been to acknowledge cravings as natural and to tell myself I don't actually need it. Whatever it is I want alcohol for can be approached in a much better way with a little creativity. Counseling has been invaluable here. Whenever I get a bad emotional trigger that would send me straight for a bottle I now have coping skills and a stronger core in myself which I can rely on. I'm building real inner strength and it's working. I didn't have much faith before...I hope this inspires someone. You can do it!..edit: typos
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing and congratulations!
Therapy is awesome and great job! 
Great motivational post!  Congrats and thank you for posting that.
You've inspired me - Thank you!!! I will not drink with you today.
This is great! I look forward to that day when I don't think about alcohol. Every day is a victory. I will not drink with you today. 
Congratulations. Fantastic. 
Way to go Sam!! Keep up the hard work!! Man does it pay off!!
Fantastic.  I'm trying/failing to do the math.  Was this a succesful new years Eve resolution?  U don't see that everyday  
Thank you for sharing. This is very encouraging for me to read. 
Very true. I find if I don't think about the cravings they are much easier to deal with. I so far haven't indulged thinking about drinking. Like I don't remenice on how great it would be. If I did that I know it would be harder for me. I really just try not to think about it. 
