-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cj63u/really_struggling_tonight_my_3_week_mark/

I don't know why I'm even writing this out really or if anyone will read it. These last three weeks have mostly been positive. I've been able to go out and be social and stay in and do my sewing projects. I've been sleeping better I've had more energy......But tonight  the sun seemed to set so early. And none of my projects are working well and I have no motivation . And I feel a craving like a hole in my chest. My roommate has beer in the fridge and I keep telling myself o can get through the next hour the next hour.....I hate this 
----------immediate responses--------

Third weekend is always the hardest for me.  Just tell yourself -  "I didn't come this far to only come this far"  
What made you decide to quit 3 weeks ago?
I read this my friend and I've been there. Maybe go for a walk? Fresh air is always nice for the soul. Congrats on 3 weeks. It's been a while since I've had that much
Every time in the past that I gave in during such times and thought to myself "F*ck it" and drank... I regretted it immensely.  Every.single.time.  You've got this.
Damn. Me too! Been super cranky all day. Seemed almost a foregone conclusion that I would end up drinking. It's all I wanted to get me out if this funk. I didn't. I made it. Keep reminding yourself that it won't stop there. It'll be an excuse for another day. I'm with you tonight and I will not drink with you. 
I had that feeling Friday night but talked myself out of it by thinking about getting into bed sober and waking up sober and how disappointed I would be with myself if I drank.  You can do it.. think of the great things that sobreity brings into your life.  I will not drink with you today! 
Right there with you FatCat.  19 days.  Came extremely close to caving today but I stayed strong.  I know I would have regretted it immensely had I caved.
We are here and listening! And we've felt the struggle. Someone out there is probably feeling the same thing at this exact moment. I like to pretend we're holding hands and helping each other through it. Best wishes!
Seems a lot of these comments are from folks hovering around the three week mark. Me too! Really hard night tonight and the urge to have a glass of red is scary-strong. We choose to be stronger than the urge to drink. Sober on on the good advice given here. (myself I made dark chocolate tofu mousse with chili pepper-it's not red wine but it tasted divine and gave me no regret)
