-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ck3wx/i_kinda_suck_right_now_but_thats_ok/

Hi all! Man I had a nice Pink Cloud run after a couple of months sober. Really getting on top of things at work and around the house getting in pretty good physical shape being more patient with others etc...Then the last few weeks... Not so much. I'm cranky a lot. Disorganized. My healthy diet has gone out the window. I'm basically putting in a C- at work. I'm petty and stay up too late watching news that depresses me. ..And in my worst moments it feels like I'm backsliding. And hey maybe I should be more careful and make sure I'm not headed for a relapse. I can and should do better. ..But you know what? I'm not going to get into some cycle of beating myself and psyching myself out. Yeah I'm not at my best right now but I can wait this out. I was kicking ass for a few months and if I'm just okay right now that's good enough. If I stay sober I'll feel great again some day. ..Sorry this isn't much worth sharing but I wanted to share in case it resonates with anyone who's not doing their best right now. Not drinking with you all tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes just treading water is okay! Just keep your head above water my friend!
Yeah I so get it...That's about where I'm at right now too...But you're doing great; were doing great...we are *NOT* drinking!..Have a nice peaceful evening wherever you are at friend:)
This me. I was so grumpy at work watching everyone dance and get drunk I really wanted a drink. I was surly with people. The whole last couple weeks have been really pointless. Super unmotivated and depressed. Just typing this is bugging me. 
You might not feel great now but it is still way better than drinking!  Don't rule out counseling at some point.  Sometimes once we are sober old issues start cropping up and demand our attention.  Counseling is almost pointless when we are drinking but once we are sober we can actually make some progress.  Thanks for sharing.
It will pass. You got this. 
Your number of days sober inspires me so it's worth posting. I hope you feel better soon. :) iwndwyt 
I'm right there with you! Although I never felt this "pink cloud"  everyone seems to achieve when they stop drinking.  I'm.Moody... completely fucking exhausted...and meh.  I'm trying to be gentle with myself. I was a daily blackout/pass out drinker for the past 10 years. So here's an internet hug. Here's hoping things will turn around sooner or later   
I noticed an improvement in mood when I started surrounding myself with positive things. I don't watch or listen to the news much anymore. I listen to audiobooks instead. I may be out of the loop but at least I'm not cranky! I haven't nailed down the sleep thing yet. I still stay up way too late. I'll get there... ..Best wishes!
With me this time of year is a natural slump. I live in the northeast US and the days are getting shorter and winter is setting in. All I want to do is sleep a lot. ..Hang in there and good luck. I will not drink with you as well. Be well.
Not knowing what pink cloud is I googled it and came upon this article that breaks down perfectly what you are going through. https://elevationshealth.com/truth-about-pink-cloud-in-sobriety/
Are you kidding?  Great share!  That's what it's all about.
Well worth sharing. Thank you - I will hang in there with you and try and up my grades too   x
Thanks for sharing....I am feeling ups and downs myself and just wanted to reach out and give you a friendly high-five for 275 days that's a lotta days of making great decisions friend!
