-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cnnpi/badge_resets_your_opinion/

I see a lot of people here doing what seems helpful; instead of shaming someone for having a relapse they show support and simply start up again. To be candid though I can see this being problematic too as it just seems like some keep starting over and the commitment level may not be deep enough. ..What if you're not really the type that is triggered by one drink and all hell breaks loose turning into a week long bender? What if you just want to stop drinking to be healthier and for some of the reasons we all share in common. (staying sharp saving money avoiding impaired judgements situations etc)..If you're in that boat and say there was a very special occasion and you wanted to have just one glass of wine or a single beer etc...Does that count as having a "relapse" worthy of a badge reset? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's up to the individual who wants to stop drinking to decide what the badge means to them and whether or not they find any benefit in it...I don't think anyone here is going to tell anyone else that they must reset their badge. The badge reset is a personal thing that gives many of us a useful sense of accountability...
I wrestle with the question knowing deep down I hope to never have to reset my badge again.
The badge is just a tool it's up to the individual to decide what it means.    Some people are absolute puritan some are more flexible.  People get to their sober truth in different ways.  By definition most of us have tried and failed many times.   
If I was able to have one glass of wine I wouldn't be an alcoholic. When I drink I want all the alcohol. Every day all day. 
In AA the white chip is given out as a 24 hour chip or to "add to your story". Many people get one after they experience a slip and use it to remind themselves of where they've been and how they got where they're at now. I'm sure that there are some people here who don't really care about the badge and just want the flair to go with it and for them there's probably nothing we can do. For the people who do reset their badge though I see it more like the white chip - to remember where we started and to keep going one day at a time. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Never found it of much value to have a single glass of wine or a beer on a "special occasion." It was always pointless in my mind... like where's the fun in that?..That elixir has one purpose for me; too carry me into oblivion. but to each is own. 
I just reset mine a few minutes ago.  Ive had many resets.  The thing is it is actually motivation for me.  When i see that i made it 10 days it gives me a little strength and hope.  Without that badge tracker (in my case) im not as motivated.  With it i get stronger each day.  Even if I screw up I dont give up and I dont beat myself up anymore.  It is pointless.  
