-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cp8gc/relationships_in_sobriety/

My girlfriend just broke up with me. I feel all sorts of emotions right now. She was the first girl i really loved (i'm 27 lol) and it's really tough to deal with. ..But you know what? I get to deal with it today. I get to feel feelings. I don't have to drink over it. Instead i get to pray about it talk to other alcoholics about it and be an adult about it. ..This sucks and i'm not going to act like i'm doing REALLY GOOD right now. I guess i'm just "embracing the suck" at this point. ..If you're struggling with relationships or maybe you're heartbroken too reach out to your support system. Don't isolate don't stay inside of your head. You'll be alright if you let yourself be alright. 
----------immediate responses--------

Breaking up sucks! Good on you for not drinking over it. 
I'm sorry about your break up. This is what I need to hear right now myself though I'm going through it too but on day 1 we weren't that serious.. I think I liked her more than she liked me and the reason is because 6/10 times I was drunk when I would see her or talk to her. She initially was very into the relationship more so than me but I think that faded when she realized what kind of shape my life was in. I also think I was so into her because I just needed the companionship and to not be so lonely anymore. I have a therapist now though so I'm working on it...Sorry to go on about myself when your in a time of need yourself guess I just needed to vent. Stay sober my friend and I will today as well. Best of luck to you.
I love that!  Being an adult about it.  Talking to people using healthy coping mechanisms. I think that's what I'm finally doing too (I'm 29 it's about time). I just dumped my boyfriend of a year and a half a week ago. I loved him so much but I know we are not good for each other. Our relationship was abusive and unhealthy. I can finally see that now with the clarity of sobriety. And I think/ hope this time I have enough willpower to stick to my guns. I'll embrace the suck with you &amp; IWNDWYT.
I'm sorry. That's never easy. I won't drink with you today. 
Wow that is heartbreaking. Maybe sometimes certain people are meant to be in our lives for a season not necessarily forever. I agree trying to make sense of it will probably just send you around in circles wasting time &amp; energy. Better to invest that energy in yourself/ your healing :)
you sound like you're in a great headspace about it.  ..&gt;You'll be alright if you let yourself be alright...amen friend :)
I'm sorry.  I have no other 'words of wisdom'.
Take care. I won't drink with you today. 
I'm sorry...that sucks. I've gone through three breakups sober (two with the same person ... eyeroll). I can report that for me while painful being sober allowed me to actually move through and past them and end up better than I was before them. Feelings were felt pain was eventually lessened and lessons were learned. May not apply to you but getting into recovery introduced me to the fact that my relationship dynamics and patterns were not great (codependent used other person as an solution or escape). The more I work on this the less painful my life is overall. So insight from this could end up a net positive - but I know how much it hurts at the moment emotionally and even physically.
You're doing great. &lt;3 stay strong brother.
My problem was I never had a support system. My girlfriend broke up with me in June. I was a wreck for months afterwards. I'm starting to do alright now but I turn 31 on saturday and frankly it's super depressing as fuck. Another year another year alone. Another year being spent by myself without anyone. Another year where everyone I know is married and having kids and progressing with their life. I've not had single friends in like 8 years. I don't know what to do anymore. Nobody has advice. Nobody even has other single friends. My entire dating pool seems to be single moms. I fucking hate myself and frankly I'm not sure if sobriety is really helping anything at all.
Sounds like a song haha 
This is really cool man. Im glad you don't have to drink. I feel blown away sometimes by all the things the more veteran alcoholics can get through... it's hard to imagine going through stuff without picking up a drink. Like cancer. Or a divorce. Can't fathom it. yet.
I was a drunk mess for about 6 months after My bf broke up with me. Its so refreshing to see how much I've changed. It was a blessing he broke it off. I know I would be stuck in my old ways if I was still with him. Everything in my life has changed for the better since I stopped drinking. Stay strong I promise it'll get better and dont worry the right one will come along! 
