-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cq9a5/how_do_you_function_without_alcohol/

I really wanna stop drinking but at the same time i dont. Do you know? I dont really know how to be with other people without alcohol...I went to a psychologist and a doctor a few weeks and they said that they couldnt tell if i had a depression or if it was just because of my drinking...I dont really have any friends anymore. I still get invited to some things and i tell myself: "maybe i should take it slow tonight"... but when i get there and i suddenly find my self standing alone with nobody to talk to i just think: "well maybe i should drink some more" .... i really cant be at a place with many strangers without alcohol...I went to university this year and on the first day i met up really drunk because i cant handle the stress of it. I never came back again. I was there for 1 day. ..so what im asking is... i want to stop drinking because it causes problems but at the same time i cant stop drinking because its what makes me function in the world. How do you cope with it? What do you do? Do you get medicine or something? Im in a struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your struggle...I spoke to a counselor.  That was helpful. She recommended meetings and I went and found people who understood what I was experiencing...I got support.  I've never been happier!
It doesn't really sound like alcohol is helping you function at all. I deal with everything so much better now; a therapist meditation and joining Refuge Recovery helped me lots.
I didn't want to stop drinking either. I *like* drinking. I like the taste I like the feel. And when I drink it is rare for me to stop drinking...I don't like that...I don't like getting drunk...So I don't start...I can't "go slow tonight" so I don't start at all and it's fine...AA has been very helpful for me. There are real people there and they understand the obsession. And they're not boring sad-sacks. They have life. It's good.
Make sober friends. In AA if you like that. In smart recovery if that's more to your taste. In sober groups on meetup. You can't do it alone. ..I am indeed one of the ones who used medicine as part of my recovery process. I used naltrexone and the Sinclair method. I wish I had known about it much earlier though now I am evolving to complete sobriety.
My knee-jerk reaction to your question is "very well thanks"...But I can remember dimly the feeling of hopelessness as I tried to contemplate what my life would be like without booze...It starts with making the decision. Whether it involves a detox facility or not you make up your mind that you are going to stop drinking no matter what...It's smart if you enlist some help before you begin. If you have any sober friends (or *true* "occasional drinkers" who can abstain when you're around) set up a night or two a week to hang out with them/him/her. Plan to go to AA meetings in the evening. You will be welcomed with open arms at any open meeting if you let one or two people know you are new.  AA isn't for everyone but this poster needed it desperately on my first attempt but only for a couple of months on my second (and successful) attempt...The anxiety you are seeking to obviate will still exist but since you won't have thrown you biochemistry out of whack with alcohol it will be manageable...You managed life *before* you started drinking right? It didn't drive you screaming back to your room right?..One thing about booze. It beats down your self-esteem. Kinda like yours is now. And it makes you play the "blooper reel" of all your mistakes in your head. But you know what? Nobody who isn't close or related to you will know any of that. So stop acting like everyone knows each of your insecurities and mistakes. They don't. Only you do. And if you put all that stuff in the past (where it belongs) and focus on *now*. You'll feel a bit better...If you can find someone who'll go with you to your first meeting you may want the moral support. But my first impression of AA was "boy there sure are a lot of folks here" and "Wow lots of people lost more than I have to booze". Nobody likes to be alone. AA lets you be sure that you're not alone. As does this sub...As regards medicine there is no way any prescriber will give you anything for anxiety while you're drinking or in the process of quitting. Some stuff I've found helpful for stress/anxiety - chamomile tea (seriously. you may need 2-3 mugs but it helps) taking a walk or a run or a bike ride. ExerciseYesterday is a cancelled check...Tomorrow is just a promise...All we have is the now. If you're not drinking now you're on the right path. Everything else is just details...Being a drunk is kinda like smearing petroleum jelly all over the windows and doorknobs of your house. Nothing looks the way it should out the windows and getting out into the *real* world almost impossible...Trust the person you are hiding from the world behind the booze will do just fine if you let him get his legs under him smell the coffee and look at the world sober for a while...All you have to do is go to a meeting and ask for help. You will probably be surprised..
Hi I can relate a lot to this. I too thought that alcohol was the only thing that would let me function in the world but as I stepped back and got honest with myself I realized just how shockingly wrong I was. It did indeed help me function for years but that time was long gone yet I clung to those memories. I had to face the fact that my relationship with alcohol had changed dramatically and permanently. What once helped me to relax and feel at ease now alienated me from people and caused a huge amount of anxiety. Once I faced that truth it became a lot easier to move forward. Glad you're here. 
You won't like this answer maybe but life without alcohol is precisely how it sounds and was before it.  Confusing exciting boring challenging happy sad.  The only difference is it's all experienced sober and you get to learn how to handle it all the best way you can.  Like you're supposed to.
