-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cr3ao/ive_lurked_a_bunch_am_13_days_sober_and_today_i/

This sub has been life-changing for me. I can't handle my alcohol. I think I'm going to make a post sooner than later about all the fuck-ups I've done under the influence the opportunities I've cost myself and the relationships damaged... but for now l'm posting here because I feel myself wanting to drink today... .Even though my last time drinking was miserable even though I have felt disgusted at the thought of alcohol the past two weeks even though I feel pretty great and proud of being sober so far I know that alcohol will dull the emotions I don't want to sit with. And those emotions are arising right now from a complicated on and off again relationship. This person is a big trigger for wanting to drink. ...I was sober last month for about two weeks then relapsed after a situation with this person. I'm very weak when it comes to them. And right now they're pretty much ignoring me and it hurts. I think they've met someone and it's kind of killing me inside....I felt so shitty after breaking my streak last month and really regretted breaking my fledgling sobriety in the name of this person. But I just really want these feelings to go away. I've been good about exercising as an outlet but today the urge is just so strong. I really want to drown myself in a bottle of wine or two. ...Writing out this post is helpful. I feel more armed to know why I've been drinking lately and how much I really regret it. I do know better. I suppose I just need to ride these emotions. I think after I become mentally stronger and in a better place in my life I may cease contact with this person. One addiction at a time right?
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Stay strong! You're doing so well. You and your well-being should come before anything or anyone else..I will not drink with you today.
Glad you decided to post.That's what it's all about sharing and helping each other...You definitely aren't alone. The number of times I did stupid things are uncountable. Lucky to be alive and not locked up...I'm no expert on relationships as my biggest one was literally with booze. After "breaking up" with it I'm floundering wondering how the dating game even works. There's a gal I'd like to ask out but  I feel like an awkward teenager!..One thing I can say is that the booze won't help you in your relationships. It messes up EVERYTHING. I'm glad in a way I was never in a serious relationship as the damage I could have wrought would have been horrible on someone else. My little bit of advice would be to look after yourself first. Being sober for it's own sake may be good enough for now. When you have yourself together you can make better choices going forward. Best of luck! 
Yep ride this wave. If you need to huddle make a pod and watch some movies pop some popcorn or order some Chinese and just be cozy. You're not alone. Glad you're here.
I know what it feels like for someone to trigger me so I feel where you are. It's hard. I just relapsed because of someone in my life but I'm ready to fight for my freedom from alcohol again. Play the tape foreword and the hangover in the morning. I won't drink with you tonight. 
