-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7crr26/holidays/

Hi people-.I  have managed to string together a few months of sobriety and I  am starting to feel more confident in my new life. I  have been through several sober firsts that I  expected to be challenging. Being around my extended family and weddings I  knew would be hard-always good reasons to indulge. ..Recently though I  have started to feel drinking urges again because of all the damn holiday stuff. I  didn't not prepare mentally for my first season of sobriety through Thanksgiving and Christmas. The freaking Christmas beers hit the shelves at the store and I  just feel pulled to them-I  felt shook. ..Part of my brain started making deals to reestablish what is acceptable. It went like this- are you really never going to sit down with your friends and have a Christmas Ale? It wouldn't be the end of the world if you had one beer. It's about being social and jolly not getting drunk. You've shown you can stop-  and that's where I  snapped out of it because I  know these are all lies...I  imagine this is a season that many of us struggle with and it is only going to get worse. Does anyone have any sage advice for my first sober holiday season? I  expect temptation from all my favorite drinks and from being around people who forget/don't realize I  am sober/or don't believe that sobriety is a priority for me...Thanks people!
----------immediate responses--------

I have been having a rough time lately with that same dialog. The only advice I can offer is to keep putting off that first drink. If I can keep postponing that first drink I'll be okay. I come to SD a lot. Read/post. Best to you! I will not drink with you today!
Yep NYE is what's looming large for me this year. I catch myself thinking 'It's just one night cut loose a little!'. But then I realise I haven't gotten out of bed before noon on Jan 1st since I was about 16. And drunk me isn't really any more fun than sober me.
Zero drinks is easier than just a few drinks...because we all know where just a few ends up. Own your sobriety. Tell your family and your friends you "retired from drinking." 99% of the time people are extremely supportive and happy when I tell them I quit. Anyone who gives me shit about quitting isn't worth my time. Have a substitute on hand. I will drink ice cold cans of La Croix by the case through the holidays.  I also try to imagine the hell-on-earth hangover I would receive the next morning if I relapsed. The misery the shame the pain...there's no amount of "a good time" that alcohol could provide that would be worth that. 
"I'm not drinking today" has been handy for me. One day at a time through the easy times and the hard times...Plus I give myself permission to not go to any event or leave any event where it is just not working for me.
I'm with you. Trying to figure out how to get through Thanksgiving Christmas and New Year's with my heavy drinking family. I'm going to try to just take it one day at a time -- one night at a time really -- and stick to my guns. 
