-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cs32x/positive_sobriety_reinforcing_habits/

These are personal observations that may or may not apply to your life. I want to share them here because it is time for a new positive proactive phase. Thank you for being here for me through dark times. It's time to get up!..After five months of trying to stay sober I've noticed habit patterns surrounding successful and less successful times. Drinking is a mindset not just a physical act. While I may be sober some weeks my mind may still be deeply in love with alcohol. Other times I stand by my convictions I am happy and proud to be free...This is a list of positive habits that reinforce sobriety in my life. They are indicators of my mental health. They are tangible mechanisms I can utilize to improve my chances of remaining sober. ..1. READING I don't read while I'm drinking. I used to but that faded away to screen browsing. Successful periods have been marked by long evenings spent reading rather than drinking...2. AVOIDING SOCIAL MEDIA Browsing social media Facebook twitter etc. seems to accompany drinking. It depresses and distracts me from the inner workings of my soul. Causing me to constantly chase after attention or chase after more alcohol to fill an aching narcissistic void...3. AVOIDING CONSTANT NEWS BROWSING While I've remained sober it's been enough to check the news once or twice a day if that. I uninstalled the social media and news apps from my phone. While I'm drinking I'm on top of every brain stimulating drama as it unfolds in real time. News like social media becomes another drug for me...4. AVOIDING VIDEO GAMES I have mixed feelings about this one because I love gaming. Purely from an observational standpoint I seem to crave an escape in gaming that inevitably leads to disappointment and discontentment with my neglected real life. For 30 years I have played video games while drinking. They go hand in hand for me as habits. I get an adrenaline rush from gaming alcohol calms me down. They balance one another and provide a deep escape usually laced with sadness and disappointment. Unfortunately every relapse has been preceded by a return to gaming...5. BEING ORGANIZED Since I've been working on sobriety I have cleaned out my entire house. Healthy space healthy mind. I've gotten rid of 3/4 of my material possessions. My life is streamlined and simple. I'm ready to move and travel. I feel light and liberated. I have what I need and little more. On the flip side drinking periods have been entrenched in materialism. I shop while drunk. I browse and cross-reference endless reviews. The rush I feel when I click  place order  on Amazon and the anticipation unboxing and inevitable disappointment that comes with more junk. Spending six months finding each perfect piece of gear for my emergency  go-bag  did little to help the actual emergency I was creating by drinking excessively...6. HAVING GOALS Periods of sobriety have been marked by clear life goals. Having something to look forward to seems to keep my mind focused on healthy positive actions that will lead to a desired outcome. A coming adventure a business goal a health goal etc. I notice times when goals are absent and I have no forward focus tend to be drinking times...7. SITTING QUEITLY I may sit quietly when I'm inebriated but never before or after drinking. I'll sit in utter despair staring at the ceiling feeling guilt and shame but I won't sit at peace with myself. I notice times of sobriety have been marked by a willingness to take a deep breath and do nothing. To be at peace with myself. To observe and allow my inner workings to work themselves out without constant stimulation. Sitting quietly can strengthen my hold on sobriety while the unwillingness to do so may indicate a coming failure. ..8. LOVE AND AFFECTION I listen to my wife forgive am patient and supportive while sober. She softens me and calms my discontent. She makes me human. Fighting has been a result of drinking but also a cause. Keeping contact with that human side of myself is an important tool for sobriety...9. FAMILY AND FRIENDS Being around family and friends although I am a very private person seems to encourage taking a look at myself. I don't want to face my family while I'm in shambles. It gives me something to clean up for. On the flip side social events have contributed to drinking. Keeping careful watch on this inner relationship is key. It is an area for discovery and improvement...10. FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Staying on top of money management promotes goals cleans out the dark corners of my mind and acts as an indicator of a healthy mental state. Being broke and drinking go hand in hand...I would love to hear feedback or hear what you've noticed in your own life. Sobriety is a work in progress for me...Thank you r/stopdrinking! Without you I would still be on the path to certain doom. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow....you are spot on!! Everything you mention on your list I have seen with myself. I couldn't agree with you more! Thank you for putting this together!!
We sound like similar people. I agree with all you states I will not however give up my games. Drinking and video games always went hand in hand. It has been a struggle disconnecting the two. 
Thank you for this thoughtful and constructive list!  Avoid social media! And the news!  And the browsing thing is so spot on.  These are things that make me distracted and not present.  I would add being kind to myself to the list.  Sometimes that's giving myself permission to blow off an afternoon.  Or taking 10 mins to drink a cup of coffee by myself.  Something that is gentle and nourishing.  Thanks for your post!
This is an excellent post. Thank you! 
I actually game a lot less when I'm drinking. It's always been a sober pursuit for me like reading. I tended to listen to music more when I was drinking but play a lot less.
I related to so much of this--especially 1-3. Mindless scrolling and trolling myself with triggering shallow news bites was absolutely an accompaniment and instigator of drinks 3-5. 
thanks for the tips
For the most part with the exception of gaming I agree with you on all points especially the social media one. All that does is bring negativity in and leave room for self doubt and comparing yourself to a persona that another person puts on to make their life look like peaches and cream. As far as the gaming goes for me it's the same as reading when I'm drinking I stop gaming and reading. When I'm sober I fucking love to get up at 6 on a Sunday morning open the blinds make a cup of coffee light some incense and sit there and play a game for a few hours before my roommate gets up. Most peaceful fulfilling thing in the world to me.
Lol! That's hilarious imagery I'm sorry for me with the games is due to add or adhd or whatever you want to call it I could never really focus on getting through an even slightly difficult game unless I gave it my all.. and even then I skipped the cut scenes so I usually had no idea why I was fighting someone. Drinking and playing video games I would get nothing accomplished usually get bored and put some Netflix or music on. Now when I practice sobriety I actually enjoy the cut scenes...My most recent game purchases have been horizon zero dawn which I purposely stayed sober after work to play for like a week shadow of earth? And destiny 2. Haven't played the lotr one yet but destiny 2 and horizon zero dawn are both amazing games. 
Horizon Zero Dawn is great! That type of game doesn't depress me... it's the social MMOs that makes me deep and strange... especially because I'm sort of antisocial about it so it exacerbates a lonely feeling. Same thing with social media for me I think... I browse but don't interact. It just makes me feel isolated.
I agree with so many of these. Social media... the news... online shopping... all of these are ways to get a little  hit.  It doesn't even matter if it's a high or a low. I think I just wanted SOMETHING to make me feel. ..Great post!
saved this one to re-read again and again. 
