-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7csyb1/help/

Okay so I am at 54 days which is great. And I have to be honest with all of you; I never really planned on quitting drinking forever. ..Honestly I have recognized that I had an issue with alcohol abuse and realized that I needed to take a break from it so that is when I turned to all of you for encouragement. Honestly it wasn't that difficult to quit. It wasn't until day 50 where I really started having cravings. Boom just out of nowhere. I don't want to drink because I am stressed I just miss the taste and the feeling of having a few beers in you. ..So I am sitting here in my apartment. I have a bottle of cognac and a bottle of vodka I got for free from work and I am thinking about relapsing. Talk me out of it?
----------immediate responses--------

Dump it all down the drain give it away just get it out of your apartment ASAP.  For someone like me at least it would be much too tempting to relapse having any booze in the house.
Don't need to quit forever just don't drink today. 
You're so close to two months. Keep going bud. 
Go back and look at your old comments. On day 3 you talk about being incredibly irritable and having the shakes but despite the physical and mental pain recognize that sobriety is the first good thing you've done for yourself in a long time. Don't give that up. Pour the alcohol out now. 
&gt;talk me out if it..Happy to assist your request!..Help me get started - what would you have to hear so that you'd say "But of course!  Having heard that I'll not drink!" ?
Pour it into the toilet where it belongs. Sobriety is so much sweeter and simpler.
I'm so jealous of your 56 days! Don't give up!.....and also just the thought of that furry sour post-drinking-morning-tongue taste is really not worth a relapse. .Will going for a walk make you a little less stressed just for the moment? It helps me. 
You'll feel so much better when you get past this . AND YOU Will GET PAST THIS !!! Dump that poison down the drain  you've got your body clean and I'm sure you feel much better !!sending you strength 
I honestly just teared up thinking about this the reason being is because I can see myself in this exact place when I hit your time. Right now I want nothing more than to be at 54 days sober I can just picture how much better I'd be feeling how much more organized my life would be. Then I just imagine my stupid brain and addiction trying to tell me  I never planned on quitting forever  while holding a bottle of liquor and having the biggest internal fight ever. Be strong not just for yourself but to show others who haven't reached your spot yet or ever for that matter that it is possible to deny that demon.
I know that feeling too well. One couldn't hurt right? But please play the tape forward. It felt the same when I relapsed last time. I planned to have one glass of wine in the evening but ended up drinking the whole bottle. The next evening I drunk half a bottle to help the hangover and on the third day I finished the wine in the morning. It was not enough so I got another bottle and then went to school to pick up my kid. Believe me the very short nice felling you get after one glass is quickly replaced by shame anxiety disappointment and all sort of physical symptoms that last much longer. I strongly recommend giving the cognac and vodka away. So you don't end up driniking it only becasue you have it. 
