-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cutvp/being_in_love_while_addicted/

It can be so confusing when those before you tell you not to fall in love during recovery. For years we drank because we felt unloved. Therefore now I need to reject love? That doesn't make sense.....That used to be a difficult question for me until I fell in love with an also addict and I do love him. What a wonderful person he truly is and I can absolutely relate to some of his struggles. ..However as an addict I've seen how toxic this is and I'm not blaming him. I blame myself because as an addict I should put myself first. Putting myself first would've helped him not hurt him or made him feel he needed to retract. It would've helped myself also. ..I hope you all stay strong 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;therefore now I need to reject love?..I've not heard a single person say "reject love" ...I *have* often heard "don't start new romantic relationships during the first year."..Addiction is primarily an indulgence of self focusing on feeding self...Love comes in several forms.   "Love" knows as *Eros* is egocentric acquisitive and a based on a desire for self interest.  This type of love is an emotion...Sounds like another name for the same behaviors that feed addiction to me...*Agape* love on the other hand is self-giving rejecting my self-gain and interest.  This type of love is a *Verb*...I believe in giving love.  In fact I'm healthiest when I *am giving love and kindness*.  I do it in a context in which *I expect nothing in return*.  ..Sounds like you arrived at an important awareness.  For me I express it like this:..I can give love without trust.  I can be caring without compromising my healthy boundaries...Staying strong here and Hoping You Are As Well !!..Sober on!
I thought that I knew how do love another person while I was drinking but the other person always took second place to the booze. Alcohol was my passion. Who would be willing to be that second place person? Not a very healthy one I suspect. How would that relationship go?.
The old wisdom passed around is that you should not get in a new relationship during the first year of recovery. The corollary is that there is no proof because there is not enough people who have done it to be conclusive!..My advice would just be to tread carefully and take care of yourself first. A sad reality is that a very low number of people who choose to stay sober voluntarily for themselves make it a year without relapse and fewer make five. The chances of two addicts both staying sober is quite low and far too often the relapser drags down the partner too. That is of course a generalization and everyone is different but to repeat be sure to take care of yourself first and foremost.
