-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7czuzy/what_normies_dont_get_about_sobriety/

I occasionally hear from non-addicts who claim to have a hard time understanding why addicts and alcoholics can have such a hard time staying sober. ..A normie friend recently said "I just can't understand why someone would relapse. What's so hard about just not picking up a drink? *I guess it's just something that I'll never understand*" ..My response to him was try it then. Go an entire year without drinking. The truth is 90% of normies couldn't do it. They *think* they could. They might be able to go a few weeks or months but then time goes by and the novelty of the challenge wears of and one of those stressful work days comes along and a glass of wine would be oh so nice to unwind they have one of those nights out with friends and they pretty much *have* to have a couple beers there are weddings and social events that are so painful without booze...The thing they don't get is staying sober is *easy* 95% of the time. It's the 5% of the times when a drink would be *oh so fucking nice* that people slip up. The only difference is that the consequences are much more dire for the alcoholic. .
----------immediate responses--------

YES
Whatever those people do is really not my business.  I try to keep myself sober one day at a time.  If others want to belittle that effort or make it seem easy ok that is their issue.  ..In any event its nice to be sober today huh?
Thanks for this post. Im early in sobriety and the problem i had last time is that my mind convinces me I'm normal. Im scared of what will happen if I drink again none of it would be good...Thanks for reminding me why I am here and why Im doing this.
I agree with you. If they only knew...
Yeah that's pretty insensitive of your friend... I mean we don't know anything until we've lived in another person's shoes...That word 'normie' -- it gets used in AA that's where I heard it anyway. When I take a closer though I think it kinda lumps a lot of people together that have a huge range of usage. ..The people I know who rarely drink truly do not care if alcohol was there or not now they wouldn't miss it in a year or more. (They have some other more hidden 'addictions' like relationships or social media)...Then there are those who drink and have that 'one glass' or their 'allotted 2 glasses' per day -- "Should I have a third?" (I've heard their debates out loud). But they have to have it almost every day. They would have a very hard time for sure going a year!..And then there are the heavy drinkers. They love their alcohol and even sometimes claim they want to cut down. They have few consequences or at least ones they can see. (It's plain to see from the outside though)...So yeah... you gave me some food for thought!
I'm a "Normie" and I lurk around here because my boyfriend is an alcoholic. I understand a lot better what he is going through thank you all so much. It was at first very hard for me to understand. Realizing how much he craves alcohol  and how his addiction plays with his mind helped me see things in a different light...So... for the normie-sobriety: I went without alcohol for about 10 years. It gave me stomachaches and I didn't like the taste (still don't) - so I figured I'll just wouldn't drink. It isn't any different from not eating olives simply because you don't like them. You don't feel like you are missing out or depriving youself.
This is a great post. I love it and totally agree. .I like how you put "novelty of the challenge wears off".I struggle with that so much!!! I liken not drinking to starting a strict fitness plan and nutrition plan. It's hard but you can do it It's a challenge but you immediately see some positive results(weight loss energy muscle tone etc.) but eventually you plateau it gets old (the novelty of the challenge wears off) and instead of getting up at 6am on Saturday and hitting the gym.... You want to eat a giant plate of pancakes with syrup and binge watch Arrested Development in bed all day. We are all only human. I am actually a lot more disciplined in my diet and fitness than almost everyone I know. It's ironic but besides my drinking I'm the healthiest out of my friends and family. Crazy. .Everyone can agree its much harder to stop something you CANT have.
This is spot on. How many people give up carbs sugar or fat. They count calories or do weight watchers or some other diet. Now how many of those people stick with it. Maybe they make it a month two months a year. Almost always anyone on a diet loses some weight feels better and then goes back to their old lifestyle. 
I totally agree with you.  I also am realizing there are fewer normies out there then I thought.  Now that I don't drink I notice more when others talk about drinking.  Most of the people at my work drink at unhealthy levels and talk about it a lot.  
I understand what you are saying. Everyone see's everything in different ways. Like when someone is depressed and someone says to "shake it off." Or when someone is over weight and someone says to "stop eating." You get my point. My SO can drink one beer and be done. Me I can't. Sometimes I get jealous of that but it is what it is. I can only not drink more by drinking 0. 
I'm married to a "normie"...and he quit drinking in support of me!  :)  We'll both be approaching a year sober soon.  I am excited beyond belief &amp; he does it every day without SD a badge or any of the fanfare that I have come to count on receiving from him &amp; others who support me.  He is my hero!!!  Sending my love to him &amp; all of the people who are sober in support of their loved ones who are in recovery.  And sending love to you friend &amp; congrats on your sobriety. :)  I won't drink with you tonight.
I always liken it to not being able to get on carnival rides when people bring it up now. Hella fun for some people and a super nauseating vom fest for others. I mean there's more to it than that but people can grasp that metaphor.
&gt;they don't get is staying sober is easy 95% of the time. It's the 5% of the times when a drink would be oh so fucking nice that people slip up...So much this.  Because it's not an issue for them they think they could go without a beer while watching a football game.  But they forget that for any typical person there has to be at least 10 times a year where it is really hard and awkward to refrain from drinking.  The upcoming holidays would be one example.  I will not drink with you today!.
Why do we have to draw lines that create an us vs. them? Can we not enjoy the choices we decide to make for ourselves in our lives without worrying what everyone else is doing or whether or not they understand the choices we make? I'm happier than I've ever been in my whole entire life right now and I can tell ya the less I worry about everyone else and what it takes for them to function and just focus on maintaining what it takes for me to function and be happy the happier and happier I am. "Normies" just dont have it in em eh? they just couldn't possibly understand the struggle huh? Everyone has their story everyone went through times of adversity in their lives and made it through to the other side everyone feels pain everyone suffers. Everyone went through or is going through their version of sobriety. The more we can look in our hearts and find compassion and love for our fellow humans rather than judgement and hate the better and better time we have here on our earthly journey :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll6GxYVJcuo&amp;t=189s I don't know how much you feel like this matches what you describe but honestly I happened to watch this for the first time at one of my lowest points (was already pretty drunk at the time) and I started bawling from how true it felt. It's easy to say "just stop drinking" when it isn't something that's always there on your mind.
Can we not make calling people "normies" a thing? It has such a negative connotation. ..I think it is important to remember one thing something that I make sure to remind myself whenever I'm feeling bitter about people who can drink normally and not have any issues. It is MY problem. Don't make it about other people they are not the problem and their inability to understand is not their fault. The feelings I have when they don't understand my problem aren't their fault. It is my fault because my alcoholism is my own. 
Good point. .I believe that most pregnant women would not agree with your "normie" friend. Going for months without a drink is challenging to a lot of folks alcoholic or not.
The word "normie" is really not cool. It's popular in some very nasty communities and is almost exclusively used to ostracize people. Just a heads up. 
Normal drinkers know when to stop. I don't.
&gt;My response to him was try it then. Go an entire year without drinking. ..To be accurate he should first go 3 years of more of drinking daily and then go 1 year without drinking to even remotely understand.
I have an annoying mate who has never drunk in his life. It's a combination of not liking the taste and being too mean to buy it. When I mention I've not had a drink for over four years he always pops up with a 'me too'. He thinks me not drinking and him not drinking has some kind of equivalence. He just doesn't get it. 
I have a slightly different experience. Most of my mates think going a month three six or a year is tremendously hard. "I couldn't do it" I hear. Yet those same people wouldn't classify themselves as having a problem. ..(I'm not saying they do have a problem I'm just making the point that even people who seemingly have a good relationship with trouble openly admit that they would struggle to not drink for an entire year).
This is the best observation I've heard of in quite a while. You're right a regular person would find it very very difficult to not drink for two months. When they do finally have that drink they will of course drink normally while we would drink the whole bottle. 
As a personal observation "normie" is one of those informal AA terms that grates on me. As I see it I'm a regular person who developed a substance abuse problem with an addicting drug - alcohol. There's nothing abnormal about that it could happen to just about anyone. 
It's like trying to explain colours to someone who has been blind since birth.
I'll rant with you.. lol...What I truly don't understand and I'm not faulting normals is how anyone could want to drink one or two?  Why waste $12 to feel little to nothing... and if you're not drinking for some sort of feeling then why drink alcohol at all?  Like who reaches into the bag pulls out three potato chips and takes tiny bites finally finishing them in a half hour or so and doesn't want to grab a handful... lol...Seems like we're the normal ones to me cuz that's just wierd :)
I don't think there are any "normies" - people who have no problems. We just don't see their problems because we don't share them. That also explains why they seem not to understand our problems...Everyone has something they wish they could change about themselves.
Allen Carr theorized that perhaps *everyone* is addicted to alcohol and that the disease is just more progressive and aggressive in some...
Something like 50% of people don't drink at all ever so they aren't going to have trouble with this.
This makes me think of a post I saw on here before about the difference between people who can control and those who cant...If you cant control it (like me) your mind literally fights you the whole time you dont want to drink when you are craving. For others its the opposite where they make their decision and their brain accepts without much resistance...It was something like that i'm sure the original poster of this thought will come in here and say it the right way.
I'm surprised so many people take issue with the term "normies". What's the negative connotation. I like it because it reminds me why they can drink and I can't.  
Am I the only one who really hates the term "normies"?
Just outside of Boston for me but I moved to the south from limestone me
