-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7d6st2/another_relapse/

I honestly don't know what's wrong with me. I don't know why I continue to do this to myself. ..I get drunk by myself at home do or say stupid things and then I hate myself the next day. My anxiety is at an all time high (a side effect of a hangover I know) and I feel like garbage...I keep saying I'm going to stop drinking and I do! ...for about 2 or 3 days. Then its that same cycle repeating itself. ..I know I'll feel better with a few days of sobriety under my belt but until then I just want to hide under a blanket.
----------immediate responses--------

It's done gone in the past. You can't change the past but you can chance the here and now. You're back here you want to quit and you have more experience under your belt. Don't be sad be happy that you're in control of your own future.
well done for stopping again - keep at it you'll get there!  .not drinking with you today!
I am where you are. I will not drink with you today. 
Got a sober support network?
The important thing is to keep trying.  Sometimes I think the pressure of a badge reset works in against us (i.e. if I have to reset my badge why just have one!??!)  Drinking once after two days of sobriety is better than having drunk every day right?.
I'm in the same boat. I keep going 2 or 3 days then going all out and extremely dumb shit happens. Almost get kicked out of my current living situation get arrested black out and taken to the ER etc. I have hope though we can do it...I won't drink with you today
It takes a few stumbles for you to pick yourself up and decide that this is it this is me quitting. Remember - the anxiety post-booze is chemical (commonly referred to alcoholics remorse if I'm not wrong?) and a good long walk usually helps but as it's said above forget it it's in the past focus on what's ahead. ..IWNDWYT 
Two or three days is a great start! Don't give up! You can do it - I believe in you.
I kept/keep on doing I too.  I feel like my last one was my epiphany that the reason I kept relapsing was cause I still deep down believed that alcohol offered me something worth having. My last relapse was uneventful - no romance in a bottle party starter confidence booster relief...just a bubbly vinegar taste anxiety and yet another groundhog evening where I end up drunk and bored whilst my partner goes to bed after finding me mildly irritating since I'm a bit drunk and he's just tired...Then I realised that that was the norm and the romanticised view I kept expecting was complete bullshit...I haven't craved a drink since whenever I get a lust for the  good old times' I call myself out on it and analyse the truth over what I'm missing and whether it ever really provided what I tell myself it would...
This may not help you right now but I repeated your pattern for years. It all ended up helping me in the end but God it was agony. I am no expert but it can absolutely change over time. Hang in there! 
Welcome to the club! 4 days dry and I just keep coming back to wanting another drink after work. I dont even like the drinks I drink its just a quick way to get alcohol in the blood. Thinking about it I dont want to...but the temptation is going to be there when I clock out. Im sad alone and my wife doesn't want to talk to me because of the things I said the last time I drank. I honestly don't know what's wrong with me. Why do we continue to do this to ourselves. Keep working on it....seeing me in you may keep me from drinking tonight.
Try not to beat yourself up too much about it. You are here now and that's what's important! So stick around...But I've been doing the exact same thing recently. Buy a fifth or a handle on Friday waste away the rest of my weekend and then some how stop for the beginning part of the next week. It's been a real tough cycle that I'm trying to bust out of now
I have been where you are not to long ago and holy moly is it ever a tough cycle to break...Here are some things I did to move past two days:..I started seeing an addiction therapist. I live in Canada so as long as my Dr asked for the right recommendation I was able to see someone free of charge. If you live in a country that doesn't have this opportunity go to Smartrecovery.org and join. It's a free website that has a ton of amazing resources...Start writing down how much you drink when you are drinking. This really helped me because I hadn't realized up until the point how MUCH I was drinking...If you can go two days that's amazing and work through that third day with the tools you can learn from here and Smartrecovery.org or even AA. If you drink after day 3 don't stress or get mad at yourself accept it and move forward to working through 4 days instead of 3...Its a long process I've been on my path to recovery for about 5 years now and it's only starting to become more manageable. It doesn't happen overnight and I know that my journey is still super long and super tricky but I'm in it for the long haul and will keep at it...IWNDWYT 
Don't give up trying. I've had to try several times myself but I feel really good this time around. I read Allen Carr's Easy way to quit drinking and I feel I've learned a new way of looking at drinking. Nothing good comes from drinking. Just keep working at it. I will not drink with you today.
So idk how long you had but I relapsed SO many times before I even managed to string 2 weeks together. And then many more times after that. It's hard. Learning to be sober is a process. Hang in there  
