-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ddcwe/the_paradox_of_a_binge_drinking_health_nut/

I'm on my 5th day sober and at the risk of jinxing it I feel like this time I'm on the right path. I've showed dogged determination before and have said "never again" countless times but I've never felt a true desire to stop and an excitement and optimism about stopping anything like this before. This has a different flavour than the other attempts...Something that I found very disheartening during my drinking phases was that not only was the activity (drinking) harmful and lead to poor decisions and terrible physical symptoms it also created obstacles to pursing the other more wholesome things that I felt were more representative of my "true" self. ..Case in point I am a very active person (i.e. at peak up to 14 hours/week exercising) and a healthy eater. Others would describe me as a health nut or a fitness fanatic and these are labels I would wear with pride and would very much like to fully own. I am also interested in reflective practices like meditation. ..But incongruously I was also a binge drinker one of the most unhealthy and deadly activities somebody can engage in. For the past several years I have been living with the cognitive dissonance of being somebody defined by having an obsessive desire for a healthy body and mind and somebody who sneaks drinks throughout the day and night and obscures the truth (nice way to say "lies") from family and friends. ..So recently I think I've managed to cut the Gordian Knot. I have come to realize that I have the power and strength to drop the "me" that is the heavy drinking liar who had to wake up each day and pretend he wasn't hung over and fully commit to the "me" who realizes that he only has one body in this life and needs to treat it with the respect kindness and compassion it deserves. ..I'm so pleased I found this subreddit. It's one of the reasons that this time around feels so much different -- less of a mighty but futile struggle and more like a joyous celebration of life...Thanks to all of you for your inspiration. Going to pound a heroic amount of kombucha and Perrier tonight and continue to work my way through Stranger Things 2. .
----------immediate responses--------

Yes!! 4 days sober here... I was reading this and there were so many things that jumped out at me as exact thoughts I've had before - being excited this time and things are different -  the  cognitive dissonance  so much so!! I've been thinking about that idea day after day and I haven't seen anyone else (in my very short stint lurking on this sub) use that phrase. I agree! Congrats and keep up the good work! 
Good realizations! You got this! It all comes down to willpower -and an ability to find satisfaction in the habits that are in fact healthy.
You can rub some of that healthy living off on me anytime . I could use some better living habits . Good job getting the booze out of your way !
Ooh right there with you. Getting hammered all the time was really interfering with my fitness goals! I'm 4 months sober now and so much healthier!
So glad you are here! 
I could have wrote this post. Exact same. A typical day...run 7 miles lift weights at the gym and on the way home pick up a pint of vodka to secretly swig while taking my highly researched vitamins/supplements and eating wild salmon and kale. Making my family a delicious dessert but skipping it because I felt guilty about the vodka. Nonsense. Utter. Nonsense..No amount of Healthy living compensates for the damage of alcohol..And I knew this. Grateful I am finally been able to act on it. I will not drink with you tonight!
Sounds like you are describing me. So much easier to work out or get your heart revved up without a belly full of last nights wine. Iwndwyt
For me it is the paradox of the functioning alcoholic...when you are managing so many things on one hand yet drinking to excess on the other...hard. It took me time to come to the oneness about it all regardless of what I was accomplishing on the one hand I have a huge problem with alcohol on the other and sooner or later the alcohol side will get the upper hand. Admitting to myself that I was an alcoholic was hard and the best thing I ever did. I am glad you are here congrats on your journey!!!
I used to walk from the gym to the bar at least once per week and was willfully blind to the irony. It was a major struggle between the part of me that wanted to be healthy and to be my best self and the depressive self-destructive part that just wanted to make everything go away for a while. I'm glad the healthy side has the edge right now and I'm glad the same seems true for you! I will not drink with you today!
When I started lifting weights I began to get honest about how many mornings I was waking up and going to the gym with a hang over. Still it took me 14 months to quit for good. I'm so glad I did. 
Ahhh - I was a crazy active gym person and also a crazy binge drinker ... worked everyday for 45 days straight and ate crazy healthy to try and make up for the binge drinking of cinvincd  myself I was healthy . I tried so many times to just quit alcohol but this time I was actually able too with this sub reddit and a therapist I see once a week currently ...I'm going to do a a too because I feel like multiple tools will help my success this time around . Choosing to not a drink is like a muscle so if I keep working it out everyday hopefully that part of me that doesn't want to drink will become stronger than the part that does want to drink . Also it's nice to lose ten pounds and I'm working out less and eating a little less healthy .. nice to be able to have a candy bar everyone in awhile - it's not beer so I can stop after just one .
Great thread. It's interesting to see so many people just like me. Five years ago I took to personal development. Daily exercise strict keto diet IF goal oriented meditation improving various skills etc... yet I was binge drinking night after night. It was my reward for all the great things I did that day and often times I continued to work and accomplish things while I had my first 5-6 drinks of the night..I can't pretend to be confused though. I was trying to treat my anxiety not realizing I was fueling it. And alcohol is so insanely glorified. I was in a craft beer town and everyone I knew drank. I tried to play the moderation game but the idea of totally quitting didn't really cross my mind until I found this subreddit 2 months ago. What a game changer. Quitting alcohol is the best thing I can do for my health and wellness. I'm not saying I will never drink again but for the first time I understand how foolish I was and will never have that relationship with alcohol again. I was ruining my sleep anxiety mood clarity of mind diet and body. Basically all the things I have been working so hard to improve...Cutting the Gordian Knot. I like that.
Man so much of this sounds like me it is scary.  I go to the gym M to F every morning.  Mondays were always tough because of my drinking on the weekend.  Fridays always tough because I had a few on Thursday.  But to everyone that knows me I was a healthy guy.  No one really knew the double life. 
