-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7do4vy/thankful_to_be_an_alcoholic/

I'm confused at my thought process here but I wanted to write it out.  I'm...thankful that I'm an alcoholic.  Without this terrible realization I would likely have never had as much introspection before into who I am why I do what I do and how I can change that.  Left to my own devices I am a lazy person that doesnt like to rock the boat in my own life--I'd rather drink away my discomfort and grow complacent/stagnant. ..Getting sober does not allow me this luxury anymore.  I have to be accountable conscientious plan ahead and most of all honest.  I've relapsed many times but I've worked harder at this than anything else in my entire life because deep down I know that my happiness is directly related to being sober.  I dont stand a chance drinking.  I used to give up at everything in life.  This is the one thing I wont quit.  I'm just thankful that the courage to admit a terrible truth has opened me to so much.  Today I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome recognition!..
Beautiful post!! Thank you so much for sharing! 
I hear this often at AA meetings. A lot of us would be terrible people without the deep-dive self-examination that comes with a journey into sobriety.
I totally get what you mean. 
I've said it so many times but it's the truth: I feel incredibly lucky that my liver quit putting up with my bullshit. ..Having a few doctors tell me I'd die if I kept drinking is quite the motivation to stay dry. I believe them whole heartedly. 
Your post is full of wisdom.
Thanks for posting. Im starting to feel this way too. Now that im not drinking i feel like i have time for working on hobbies and things i used to love to do.
It's a nice sentiment but I'm not there unfortunately. I'm not thankful to be an alcoholic at all. Almost the opposite. I wish very much that I wasn't :-(
The most broken are the most beautiful in my opinion! :)
I totally agree.  Absolutely true.
Preach bro. I agree...Thanks for this post.
Beautifully insightful.
Great positivity keep it up! I too am glad it has taught me so much and I would have just kept skating by in life. I now have grown more in the last year than in the previous 10 with actual life goals and a vision. 
The terrible years of drinking and now several years of sobriety have made me a more empathetic person   and I know how lucky I am and am grateful for my new life...Life's pretty good when your sober .
Well said. And just wait for what you'll discover as you continue down the sober road. Totally worth it. 
