-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7do82l/hows_your_day_going/

Anything going on that you need to talk about? Struggling with anything? Need to vent? How's your recovery going? 
----------immediate responses--------

At 3weeks in 6 days I get my one month chip .Yesterday was my bday and I didn't drink but have been thinking about it a lot trying my best to resist temptation.....I don't want to loose the progress I have gained I am trying to stay busy...thank you for the chance to say this .IWNDWYT 
Tomorrow is a big day of choosing not to drink for me. Birthday party of my... drinking-est... friend first is a  sip and paint  centered around drinking wine and painting on canvas  Followed by the  after party  at her house which historically has been the two of us couples cooking dinner together and getting super drunk and crashing on the couch at the opposite couple's house. I'm not going to lose the friends I'm not going to lose the experience it's going to be very different at 2 AM but it will still be worth it. I will be armed with my new drink that honestly taste exactly like my drink of choice from before .The weird thing for me is that I'm seeing quite a few people in my circle tomorrow/this weekend and I'm not sure how big of a deal to make about this not drinking thing  Everyone will assume I'm pregnant  Which I'm not... Everyone will be supportive but no one none of my family none of my friends except my husband actually knows how much I was drinking. Which makes me just want to smooth it over and casually bring it up  I haven't been drinking lately .  Which just doesn't create any awareness on the issue It's not wearing the badge so to speak  Notice I haven't done the badge thing... on one hand I have been excited to tell people that the drinking is over  On the other hand I really can get away with just living life without the announcement and people gradually notice or hear about it casually in conversation .I guess one would look at the situation and guess that I'm giving myself an out in case this attempt doesn't stick. Hum. 
I like this post :)..To be honest I had most of this day clear intending to spend it getting caught up on school reading. Instead I ate a bunch of food wasted a lot of time online barely did any reading and then took a nap. (I work from home and make my own hours.) Now it's basically evening and I'm feeling kind of crappy about myself. I've always struggled with focus and self-discipline and at 40 days sober I don't know if I can blame the booze. ..I'm also not really looking forward to the next week or so as my housemate will have family over (it's a small house and they'll be using my bathroom) so I'm going to try to spend a lot of time away from home but I don't have much of a social life at the moment and not a lot of free time to try to develop one plus I plan on moving away in a few months so I kind of feel like what's the point. Anyway thanks for giving me the space to rant :) I'm feeling a little better for just getting it out.
