-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dpsad/everything_is_going_so_well_and_then_i_come_home/

Had a great hope filled successful work day .. talked to my boyfriend at one and he seemed fine and hopeful after he was off work .. he relapsed again yesterday but we talked about it and had an ok evening and he Went to bed and woke up to work in decent shape and talked about going to a a and posting in here like me ( I'm doing well at this attempt to quit drinking and he was the one who told me about this sub reddit ) by the time I get home from work at 6 pm - I find him passed out in bed with work clothes and shoes still on and I wake him up and he stumbles and swears he didn't drink And then says all this depressing stuff about how he wanted tonhve kids with his ex and how he fucked it up and i take him to get food and I'm obviously pissed but I'm better at controlling my anger ... he falls back asleep after eating and I make him get in his comfy clothes and now basically I'm drinking my setzer water in bed next to him watching shameless .. I'm sad and depressed now too because everything seems to be turning around for me except the relationship part of my life and I know it's only been 19 days but it's so fucking hard to watch someone you love continue to self destruct and I can't give him anymore money etc . I have to make him pay his half of stuff because I need to keep my money for me and I'm not going to support a grown man who only worked two days this week and might lose another job again  .. but honestly wtf am I going to do .. I'm good and frugal with my money but that doesn't mean I have to give it to someone else and it just wouldn't fix this shit anyways - I've been financially supporting him our entire relationship and it's killing it and his self esteem but that doesn't really keep him from going back and forth about asking me for it and I just feel lost and frustrated !!!!! I wanted to work out tonight but it's dark out and I lost the motivation after coming home to that . My anti depressants are making this bearable as I have been taking them the 19 days I've been sober but they aren't going to help completely if there is actual sad depressing shit going on in my life ... and sometimes when he's drunk like this he threatens suicide or implies it which is a completely fucking manipulative shitty move to do to someone . Then I think what if he actually does do it.. wtf .. I'm going to try and make him go to an a.a. Meeting with me sunday. It's ths only thing I can really think of .. I wish he would get on citalopram like me .. the doctors have given him the dumbest  anti depressants - shit I've never been prescribed like doxepin  plus he doesn't take them right or consistently because he thinks they work like clonopan which you take as needed . I feel like me getting better is almost making him worse because he doesn't have me to get drunk with anymore and forget about shit with  so everything is finally coming to a head with no alcohol to temporarily post pone reality . I'm trying to look at everything one day at time or week at a time but I can't even look forward a full day with him anymore ..
----------immediate responses--------

When anyone threatens suicide call 911. I am not capable of handling such a situation whether or not the person is manipulating it indicates serious problems. Have authorities come to evaluate the situation. ..I could not stay sober with someone who abused alcohol. I had to save myself. Alanon see /r/Alanon a support group for friends and family of alcoholics helped me cope. 
If you can also find a women's only AA meeting go as soon as you can.  You will be able to rant to a room of women who know what you are going thru.
[removed]
Congrats on your 19 days. I have no idea how to fix others but I can control my actions. Happy you are here. 
That sounds like a pretty difficult situation.  There are many valuable observations in your post and I think rereading the thoughts you've put down will be useful for you in the coming days.  I hope you find a solution that works for you and I'm very glad you're not drinking with us today. 
You mentioned everything seems to be turning around for you except for relationship part. Remember you have the power to change your life. From what you typed it sounds as if the relationship has been a bit one-sided effort and energy expended tilting in your direction. ..Let me ask you this: why do you want to continue the relationship with him?
