-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dq1qf/ive_never_been_cool/

Sibling#1 called to complain about having problems with indigestion and rosacea.  We talked about them going to the doctors (which I think is good) and I also suggested they cut out alcohol because I've cut it out (they don't know I'm sober) and my skin looks so much better and the indigestion/reflux has disappeared (the reason I told them I stopped drinking).  There was a heavy sigh and a "no that's not it I probably need to cut out the gluten."  So I suggested to just try it for a couple weeks and see if it makes a difference.  Heavy sigh "It won't help plus we're going out this weekend and I want to chill."  I understand.  You've always been the rebel cool one (I've always been the nerd).  You did your drugs and partied and never had a problem (this is still questionable I think they're still doing something).  You can't imagine going out with friends and not drinking plus why would you take advice from your nerdy sibling?..Sibling #2 called to see what I was doing for Thanksgiving (I don't know yet) than asked me what plans I have for Friday night.  I said nothing I rarely go out at night now because my friends are either married/relationships/kids or they are wiped out from work and want to binge watch a show and relax.  Plus I'm broke and don't have money for restaurants (and I don't want to go to bars -. didn't tell them that).  "Wow that's pretty sad so you're not doing anything?!?".  Great now add lonely loser to my list...This is nothing new.  I've never been cool.  I've always been the straight A nerd who volunteered followed the law and was polite to my elders.  I went off to school completely unequipped to deal with socializing and fell in with the party til you puke crowd.  That got me kicked out of college but I eventually pulled it together and after years of working and going to school I finally got my degree.  Unfortunately the pattern of alcohol and socializing stuck with me (because I didn't know how to do it any other way) so alcohol was still in my life...Now here it is years later and I'm struggling again to pull myself up.  But that's ok.  I've overcome obstacles before I'll just have to do it again.  As a sober nerd.
----------immediate responses--------

Going sober *is* cool... all the kids are doing it (apparently)...! ..You're either ahead of the curve or bang-on-trend depending on who you ask.... Lead by example!..There's 85000 of us here cheering you on.....I won't drink with you today!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Everyone I've met in sobriety I met volunteering.  I was a cool kid for years.  There was nothing cool about it -- I was an asshole.  I like myself a lot better now.  I hope you can find that about yourself too.
sober nerd here home on a Friday.
Another here. I had three invites tonight - women's circle where there's wine running group fall training celebration at Irish pub girls night out with a Resident Evil marathon video games and enough vodka to float a barge. I stayed home and watched the final on the Jeopardy Tournament of Champions. So yeah. But you aren't alone :)
