-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dqjvv/relapsed_after_8_months_sober/

I caved last night. I went to a wedding and had 5 drinks.l woke up feeling like shite. Tired headache brain function sub standard. Regretting the decision but trying to stay positive.  Rather than looking at it as day 1 today I'm telling myself that I'm still on sober path but with a hiccup at month 8. It's too easy to get upset and get back into old habits. I did an amazing thing staying dry for 8 months this relapse isn't going to ruin all the good work I've done. If you're in a similar situation chin up. Onward and upward.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. 
Right there with you. Just had a hiccup after 7 months sober. I won't drink with you today.
Someone else on this site said something along the lines of if you slip on the trail on the way to the mountaintop you don't fall all the way back down to the start of the trail. Like you said it's a hiccup after 8 months. Great job coming right back.
I agree. One bad day can't take away any of the amazing days you have piled up there!! I agree and love the analogy about climbing the mountain   You may have slipped down a few steps but are no way back at the foot!
I agree. It's one thing to fall of the wagon but don't let it get away jump back on. 
That's the spirit...  The negative effects of alcohol are cumulative and so are the positive effects of NOT drinking it...  My "ticker" only says 4 days but I've only cracked 4 times in the last 4 months. That's amazing for me and heading in the right direction. Once a month is way the hell better than 3 times a week ....  Keep at er! 
I recently relapsed after 4 months sober and drank 3-4 times in a two week period. I'm back in the saddle again and feel more committed and comfortable with my sobriety than before. Relapses don't mean the end. They can be a reminder of why you started the journey in the first place. 
On day 240 I drove to my favorite store and was going to buy beer just to prove that I could. Grown man after all. Could just buy it for my son or taste it and throw it away. But I had cash in hand drove in the car and got to my destination. I got into a long discussion with the butcher and it turned to guitars life and drinking. He asked me how long was it with no idea I was there to buy. Freaked me out really. Bought a Weber grill [2] steaks bag of potatoes and ate that night like a king but didn't drink...To me it is always there but regardless if I slip it is a path I choose. The whole is healthier than a measure in one day. A lifestyle not a temporary fad. But watch out for day 240!
Don't let a badge reset mess with your mind.  I think sometimes we should have one badge for the entire journey through sobriety and a separate badge with resets just to mark hiccups.  Be proud of your 8 months and get right back to it today.  Learn from the relapse and remember what it felt like!
I wouldn't at all encourage anyone to "try" a relapse but in your case you've reinforced something pretty obvious -- alcohol is a *shitty drug.*  It makes you feel like garbage...I had maybe a couple glasses of wine over an evening a few months ago mixed with plenty of soda water (granted it was all on an empty stomach) and the next day I felt it.  A little fuzzy my morning coffee made me more anxious than energetic.. just.. off..  I remember a distinct feeling of "yuck."  In my regular drinking life that would just be a normal morning.  Now that I've got some sobriety under my belt I can see clearly that alcohol is net negative in any quantity for me.  I don't have to resist it any more than I have to resist sour milk.
Welcome back and stick with us! Relapse isn't a reason to get a case of the fuck-its and go back to old habits that never really worked. 
I've slipped up countless times but if I can end this year with more sober days than drunk ones that will be progress over where I was in 2016.  Consecutive days are nice but 364 out of 365 is still 99.7% and I would take that grade any day.
