-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dqt6k/struggling_with_loneliness/

I'm struggling tonight. I'm feeling lonely and my local bar is only a minute or two walk away where people I know will be. But this has been my issue over the last year or so - drinking to be around others and to numb my loneliness. ..I'm not sure what shifted a year ago as I used to rarely be lonely. I live alone and have been mostly single for a long time but loved my alone time. Not so much anymore. ..Anyway just writing here to recommit myself to not drinking tonight. I want better for myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have found that meetings help in this regard.  Sometimes they can jovial...I know what you mean though there's a bar not too far from my house too.  I will not drink with you today.
Hugs. You aren't alone - you have this community. 
This was a big problem for me. My entire social circle involved those that were heavy drinkers. ..To stay sober I had to change that. It was difficult. I rely heavily on this sub. In addition I attend AA meetings and have found a social circle there. ..Godspeed.
Glad you're here.  Congratulations on noticing the signals of isolation...I know alcohol wants me isolated.  I counter that in several ways.  ..Meetings are great in that everyone there wants to be sober and want to help me be sober!..Secondly is I get involved in my community.  I've moved several times and I always contact United Way.  They are connected with most agencies in the community like Goodwill soup kitchen Salvation Army boys and girls club homeless shelters adults with disabilities p meals on wheels etc.  I volunteer and give an hour or so.  I meet new people.  Some receive services others volunteer.  I meet local people who care.  Including agency staff volunteers council members health care professionals business owners students and more.  I make new friends which leads to other activities...Tried meetings or volunteering?
