-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dunwt/one_year_today_means_the_world_to_me_literally/

I started drinking late-ish. I was 22. That was almost twenty years ago. God it saved my life at first. To overcome the crippling social anxiety engendered by an extremely traumatic childhood. ..Almost a decade later I was diagnosed with PTSD. And only after that diagnosis and opening up the box of past I had compartmentalized did my symptoms really start. I knew I was headed into alcoholism one afternoon in the fall of 2006. ..I didn't care. ..I could recount some experiences familiar to others here - no DUI but a drunk and disorderly followed by a very brief 5150 due to feeling suicidal in jail excruciatingly embarassing behaviour etc - but what sticks with me is something much more private. It's the memories of locking myself away for days at a time pretty much drinking around the clock feeling like a small and terrified child sometimes even wetting the bed. ..The very last day I drank I noticed that I was clutching my small bottle of vodka like a teddy bear. And the next day I started to finish the process of growing up. Of pulling that young version of myself out of this shameful hovel in which I'd placed him. ..That was a year ago today. And I am just fine today. I had to fight and fight and fight and fight some more to get here. I ran my first running race in there and I became the very best father I can ever be - which is far and away the most important thing to me - and some other things but I also gained some weight still look exhausted and have bloodshot eyes alot of the time. And I've still struggled with an enduring nicotine gum/lozenge dependency and lost a great deal of good things in my life. ..I'd be lying if I said none of that mattered simply because I'm sober. It matters alot and it sucks and I've got some huge hurdles towards building the rest of my life. ..But ......I have finally made good on a promise to treat myself like a human being and to honor my own goodness and integrity and best aspirations. ..Thank you SD and thank you one small SMART group somewhere in the world who supported me every week for the first few months. ..Onwards.  ..edit: D'oh! Just noticed my smiley face badge. Had forgotten all about that. Feels good.
----------immediate responses--------

This is wonderful to read. Congratulations.
Congratulations!  
Onwards my friend. I'm right there with you.
Congratulations!
Yaaasssssss!!! Congrats on One **YEAR**!!! So proud and happy for you :).
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Great work!  Keep it Going!
Hang on to the wins.  Look back and see how many you have accumulated.  Well done!
Gives me hope. Congrats!
Congrats! 
This is wonderful I'm so happy for you! IWNDWYT!
Congratulations man you're smashing it. Wishing you all the best for the future
You're the man. Keep up the good work. Great to hear that your treating yourself with compassion. It makes all the difference in my experience. ..Onwards indeed.
Congrats!!!! I won't drink with you today!
Congrats on a year!  You've come a long way baby!  I believe in one thing at a time.  At least you are not smoking the tar and just doing the nicotine.  Thanks for sharing.  
This is beautiful to read. I'm so sorry to the little boy who suffered that childhood.  You deserve all the good things.
Congratulations on a year! Thank you for sharing :)
Way to go man. I can't wait to hit a year. 
I really commend you for what you have achieved this year. You serve as a true inspiration to all of us....
Good for you. Sounds like you've battled your demons and won. ..There reminds me of a quote I really  like..."If there is no enemy within the enemy outside can do us no harm."..Congrats friend. 
Congratulations on one year.  That is a proud accomplishment 
Fantastic
Thanks for widening the path for those of us still behind you! You are gonna be fine! Continuing good luck for you!
Awesome job ! Life is amazing :)
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Congrats!
Congrats. Keep up the recovery process that the rewards will be beyond imagining.
Congrats and thanks sooo much for sharing! Way to go &amp; I will not drink with you tonight!
Great job. And that's a pretty moving story about your final drinking days...
Congratulations. You have a right to be proud.  IWNDWYT 
