-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7duwuq/what_did_you_learn_from_relapsing/

Quite honestly I'm worried I'll relapse at some point...I think it's almost inevitable...Therefore I'd like to hear what people made of their relapse. How did you positivise the experience and do better having gone through it?
----------immediate responses--------

[this](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7b5b2z/dear_80000_sd_friends/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)..Resetting the days was worse than I thought it would be.  I seriously hate to see people beating themselves up about a reset and then I when I reset I was being hard on myself too.  It's kind of unavoidable.  But I got some good stuff from it. 
I learned that I can never safely drink alcohol and it stopped working a long time ago. It's not fun at all. ..Why do you think relapse is almost inevitable? That's not true.
I learned the negative effects only get worse. I'm on day two at this point and I keep relapsing after two or three days and every time I relapse I find myself out and about thinking and doing the most grimy fucked up shit. It sucks because I've progressively lost and/or destroyed every good thing in my life so besides me fragile mother I'm pretty much completely alone in this. There's meetings and shit but they make me feel even more alone...Either way I'm definitely not fuckin' drinking today.
During the end of my last relationship I thought that having a few drinks would help me feel better. That it was a "one off" and I deserved a drink to help me get over her...Of course it made me feel completely worse and the amount of drunk messages I sent was shocking...After that I slipped back into old habits of daily drinking and feeling like shit...Now it's 4 months later I'm not drinking and I think I'm starting to process it all a lot better.
That I can't moderate. I always think I can believe I can but I always go back to drinking too much every day sooner than later. Those relapses were hard. I just hated myself so much afterwards and it was NEVER worth it. But it is refreshing in some kind of weird way knowing and accepting that moderation just will never work for me. Realizing that I just much better off sober and avoiding alcohol altogether. My mood is more stable I'm a better Mother and human more productive I laugh more genuinely.. I just try to remember all these things and remember that alcohol has never brought me anything positive/beneficial. 
After a long break from alcohol the hangover hits much harder..I also realize I don't enjoy drinking much anymore. The first couple drinks can be exciting but are contingent on having another 4+ drinks which puts me in a lose/lose situation: stop at 2 and feel annoyed the rest of the night or keep drinking and feel like shit the next 2 days
I learned that fucking hate everything about it from the pain it's caused me internally to the fact it is killing my parents to the fact that there are 85000 subscribers on this sub desperate to escape from a substance that is everywhere. I learned it made me feel unsafe and raw; it made me loathe my very human mistakes and dwell on them to the point of obsession...Your relapse isn't inevitable. You must know that. Alcoholism isn't a choice but drinking is. 
