-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dv807/i_want_a_drink/

I have 14.5 months of sobriety. Today I want a drink and almost opened a bottle of rum that was sitting in a cabinet for the past year and a half. I took it to the neighbor and left it at their house. ..I do not attend AA but plan on finding a meeting when I'm done with work. I recognize this feeling this anger this hopelessness from the last time I relapsed. ..I have been in therapy and dealing with C-PTSD symptoms. I meditate daily do yoga most days run 3x a week bicycle occasionally and walk around a bit. I am in the process of getting into a year long DBT group. Flashbacks and nightmares and triggers galore. ..I needed to vent - need to feel heard - need to breathe. This is hard. ..EDIT: I just returned from a 90 minute meeting. It was cathartic. I'm glad I went and think I may go again in the morning to put a bit more strength into my resolve. Thank you to everyone who replied. I feel heard!  Thank you from all of my heart. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

It is hard. But you have proven you can do this.  Can you get in some yoga/exercise to help out?
Sounds like you have the correct insights.  Sounds like you're military?  Is there not resources in the Armed Forces that could help?
You have made the right decision. I think it is an incredibly valuable thing to have as much insight as you show in this situation. Now it is up to you to get past this struggle and I am sure you have overcome worse things in the past so I have no doubts that you will be successful in the end. Looking at your badge I see you have been sober for about ten times as long as I have. Your resolve and determination inspire me greatly and I hope this little comment will help you the same way that hearing about your journey helps me...I will not drink with you today! :)
Great choice going to AA
It helps me to separate myself from the part of me that sometimes wants a drink. I've locked up *Drinking Me* but sometimes he gets out and stirs up all kinds of shit. *Drinking Me* is an asshole. He doesn't have to pick up the pieces after he's gotten what he wants...You're fighting. You're doing the right things. You're stronger than you know!
you're a bad ass.
Glad you are here.  Congrats on 440 days.  Meditate run yoga bike walk.........breathing......you got this.  I'm sorry you are having a rough time.  Hang in there.
Vent away! You have every right to you deserve to vent A LOT! If it helps vent on every forum possible. I admire your strength courage and humility. If it helps I will not be drinking with you tonight while I'm in physical pain (nothing compared to your struggles) but I would always drown out the  pain with alcohol and just can't anymore. Anything chronic PTSD pain...is hard. But I love proving that I'm harder stronger and better by not succumbing to the demon. 
Be strong! You have done so well. 
You have a lot of tools there. I know it seems like you need another one. Use up all of your courage today because tomorrow you get a full tank of it. Good luck friend....this will pass!!!
I'm with you. Triggers suck. My overdrinking started when I started home brewing and bought at kegerator to start kegging my beer. We're going to be hosting over the holidays and now there's a full keg in my kegerator waiting for friends and family. Guess what I want to do??? But I'm not doing it. I'm too happy with my clarity. Too happy with weight loss. Too happy not to wake up hung over tomorrow. I will not drinking with you tonight..  
I'm with you! 
You didn't get this far because you are weak and don't know how to deal with shit. You got this. IWNDWYT
Glad you posted.  It is definitely hard and harder some days than others. You are in a good place here and sounds like you have a lot of tools to help you stay strong and muscle through those urges when they surge.  
You got this. Vent away. 
From my own experience with very similar symptoms I found SMART infinitely better suited to me than AA. Among other things I needed connection and dialogue and the interpersonal and SMART not only allowed but encouraged "cross-talk."
Shit... Tell me about it this week I had to announce my employer that I was propably in an advanced burn-out stage. It's been crazy at work since the last two years in my personnal life too. I thought that I would be happy buying my first house or a brand new car or be single again and meet women but I feel dead inside. It's like I lost all joy. This week I thought about starting drinking again. The thing is I don't even want to I really like not feeling like I'm dying you know. My fucking crazy brain is trying to convince me times were simpler when I was drinking...For the first ime of my life I'm going to seek help (outside SD). Burning out is extremely dangerous and can leave a giant scar on your soul. Strangely just talking to HR helped me being vulnerable is OK. Even for type A personnalities like me :) Take care!
I know you'll get through this. Thanks for reminding us to recognize danger and seek support when starting to feel overwhelmed.  We've got to be able to discuss it. Trying to hide our true feelings is what gets us in trouble in the first place.
you made the right decision by not taking a sip from that bottle &amp; I'll know you'll thank yourself tomorrow.  We all have close calls sometimes.  Do what's best for the future - join new support groups / AA continue to exercise go to therapy meditation and/or simply vent online.  Keep fighting to be the best that you can be.
I am learning how to vent more too. My shit or demons etc...are  so powerful when they sit in my head. They loose a lot of power once they hit the air when I speak. I have a really bad habit of isolating....there is safety in numbers...Good idea going to a meeting. Change it up. Sometimes I get stuck in a certain gear and I need to reset. It's really fortunate you are so aware of yourself. Best wishes this weekend and Congrats on the 440 Days! I will not be drinking with you tonight!
Thank you for venting!  This sobriety path isn't all sunshine and roses and I feel we need to shine the light on the hard stuff as much as we shine it on the good stuff.  I hear you this IS hard.  I don't really have much advise to offer you.  I mean crap you're doing more "good" stuff than I am and I think I'm pretty disciplined.  I really do not like yoga though.  .I'm here with you not drinking.  
Stay strong
To hear of someone feeling hopeless taking such positive steps gives ME hope. You can do this.
Go on you'll make it!
When I admit the same thing m sponsor always responds with  if you didn't you wouldn't be an alcoholic .I can't speak for you but drinking is something I romanticize. I forgot how much I screwed things up when I couldn't  just have one drink  which was every time..14.5 month of sobriety is an amazing truly impressive feat. Don't forget the progress you've made and push through this day. All you have to do is not drink today keep us posted if you need distractions...We are here for you 
You are the best.  Thanks for the great news.
