-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dvew2/starting_over/

I had 4 years... but lately I've been struggling to put together 4 days. I drank last night. I just woke up. I need help. If I don't stop everything will fall apart. I'm supposed to be getting married in 2 months my fiance is on the brink of leaving me. I'm just scared because even if I have a few good days in a row it seems like I only drink again. Help me reddit strangers. I need words of encouragement.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! ..Maybe some help will help. Can you get to a meeting? Can you get to a doctor? Counseling? I've found when it's not working with what I'm doing I have to get additional help.
I know the these doubts and how they can eat away at you slowly. I also know how hard it can be to not hate yourself after a relapse. But lately I have come to know an even more important thing: We often make the setbacks out to be this terrible horrifying thing when in reality they are just a step back on a path that has led you a long way in the right direction...I can not even fathom having managed to be sober for 4 whole years! It can be easy to forget about all the good things you have achieved when you are in a dark place like that. Just remember that they have not been in vain. You have done this before so you know it is possible to get there again.   ..Let's not drink today together :)
I believe in you! ..You can maybe ask your GP to direct you to a therapist or join a support network. Good luck believe in your own strength!
It sounds like everything still has the possibility to turn out wonderfully. The idea of thinking through your next drink before it happens and considering the consequences of what will probably happen next if you take it should give you pause at least. If it doesn't then you'll have some powerful new info about yourself.
Worst thing you can do is hate yourself. Best thing you can do is acknowledge how drinking made you feel and try to remember that. I read something once about booze that went something like  There is no losing. Just winning or learning.  So take it easy on yourself and learn from your experience. That's what I'm trying to do. You're gonna be ok. We're gonna be ok. 
Hey buddy.I've been in a similar situation and know it's tough. You gotta avoid that first drink like the plague. If Frank the Tank taught me anything it's that it's so delicious when it touched your lips. Then comes the "OK just one more." .Find a distraction and keep that shit as far away as possible because the landslide starts with a pebble
{{Hugs}} to you.  I am praying and pulling for you.  Willing the universe to send you the support you need to make it through this tough bit.  You CAN do this. You've done it before. It was and is hard.  But not impossible.  You are possible. {{Hugs}}
What got you drinking again? It's important to understand why. ..People do relapse but make it. You can heck YOU already have. ..Question for you. Do you really want to get married? To him or her?
You were successful for four years! That's incredible.  You already have the blueprint for living alcohol free.  What worked during those four years?  What is different now?  How can you build on the success you once had? That is great that you haven't had any severe consequences (though your relationship is in trouble) but consider your mental health.  Sitting drinking in misery sound terrible.  Your body and your mind are both worth saving. .
You've got this! I have nothing to add to all these wonderful responses but please forgive yourself. Gain support from every resource you can think of(meetings doctors loved ones) and get yourself to that alter! I believe in you. 
