-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e03vn/some_suggestions_for_the_lurkers_who_have_yet_to/

I had it in my head that I should quit for years but kept justifying continuing. In fact I probably posted around a year ago that I was done for good. That probably lasted less than a week. I just hit 3 weeks as of this morning (after 15-20 years of never going more than a week without.)..First I started to wake up early (on the days I hadn't stayed up too late drinking) and tried to implement a morning routine...Second the most crucial part of my morning routine was mindfulness meditation. After using the bathroom and drinking a full glass of water I meditate for 20 minutes (Insight Timer is an incredible free app.) Next I would journal (there's a website and app called Diaro that's great but some urge handwriting - it doesn't matter too much I don't think.)..These two pieces (get up early and meditate) in conjunction I believe were essential to getting me on the path. Why?..Meditation helped me to be more cognizant of the times I would subconsciously decide to drink well ahead of when I actually started to (*Fight with my wife: "she's a jerk; I'm getting drunk tonight!" *Long hard week of work: "I've earned it." *Job stress: "I'm tired of this crap and there's no way out I'm drinking tonight." Etc.) This has helped me become attuned to those triggers and think them through and make healthy responses to them...As I'm sure the case is for many of you: I struggle with anxiety and in turn sleep issues. Getting up ridiculously early (4:30-5am) every morning makes me utterly exhausted before ever getting to the point of where the anxiety would kick into hyperdrive and keep me up and in need of the liquid relief. I would wait until my wife went to bed and proceed to drink for several hours before. But now I'm usually asleep before she is...I just realized there was another piece: when I was first trying to get this routine and still couldn't fall asleep early I discovered guided meditations/hypnosis videos online. When I knew that I should be getting to sleep - but was having my anxiety heart-palpitations - I would put in the earbuds and play one of those and be out for the night well before the video had ended...I believe that these steps were essential for me to finally make the right decision to stop completely (rather than continue to convince myself that I could moderate and be fine and that I deserved it and that it was OK and blah blah blah...)..I hope this helps some of you that are suffering and want to improve your lives but can't see a light at the end of the tunnel...We're all here to support you!..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm very impressed! Thank you friend!!
Congrats! .I second the getting up early and using the hypnosis/meditation videos to help fall asleep. I started a week week and a half ago and I feel a lot more grounded and calm.
Congratulations on your Sober Journey!
Fantastic! Setting my intentions each morning and sleep meditations at night have been key for me. Nothing like waking up refreshed. Thanks for your post. 
Thanks good advice! I will not drink with you today either!
I keep telling myself I have to try some meditations...Thanks for the reminder and good work!
awesome sounds like you found some tools that really work well for you! congrats :) iwndwyt
Thank you! That post was spot on and very helpful for me.  IWNDWYT
19 days sober myself and it feels great. If youre thinking about it take the plunge. Talk to your doctor though cuz they made the withdrawal part painless for me.
My suggestion to those who want to quit would be to taper down. Tapering is medically necessary if you are a very heavy drinker and prone to withdrawals (withdrawing is awful for your body). Even apart from that I think tapering makes it easier to successfully quit. At the peak of my drinking had I quit cold turkey I wouldn't have had any withdrawals but I definitely would not have been able to fall asleep and would be more likely to drink just to fall asleep. Gradually cutting down alcohol helps your body quit in a more comfortable way. 
Thank you for this.
Great post. I did a similar thing with an early morning crossfit routine. Just started adding meditation recently through Refuge Recovery. I'd check that out if you haven't already. 
Thank you that's very good advice.
Thank you for this! I've been struggling with the same issues. I know I can do it. Your words have given me new appreciation for this sub. One day at a time
