-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e2m5e/one_year_dont_let_the_vicious_cycle_break_you/

I am grateful to be here and share that today I am celebrating one year free from alcohol. I haven't posted before but have been lurking for a while. I feel really compelled to open up a little and scream from the roof tops to never ever give up on yourself or those around you!  The freedom i feel is unbelievable. This is life-changing anniversary milestone for me. I was what appeared to be a high functioning alcoholic. I was a marathon runner (although sabotaging my healthy lifestyle choices with endless alcohol blackouts and poisoning) business owner and very involved in the community. Constantly numbing from my past and my failures. Underneath  I felt worthless and beyond help and was wreaking havoc all around me...with an addiction cycle fueled by shame and guilt that had been lingering on &amp; off for close to 20 years...complete with waking up from a blackout in a Las Vegas parking lot putting myself in endless compromising situations driving including 2 duis jailtime physical damage to my body including broken bones and  the worst part: the debilitating mental anguish that continued to fuel it all caused by the torment and humility i caused my family and myself. I wondered when and if I would ever truly meet my rock bottom. I literally felt like i was no longer in control the second the alcohol touched my mouth As a 38 year old mother of an 8 &amp; 15 year old and wife of 16 years I felt that i was too damaged and a complete failure to every get past it. I am eternally grateful for family and friends who kept me buoyed up and helped me learn to love and forgive myself until I could stand on my own and NEVER GAVE UP ON ME! I finally asked for help because a very dear friend set up a system for me to ask for help. As silly as it sounds sending  a simple emoji text when i was in desperation was the code. I finally used that tool my final night of drinking in the middle of what could have put me in a completely different place this year. If it wasn't for the unconditional love when I finally asked for help. DONT LET THE CYCLE BREAK YOU! Be vulnerable  and brave and take the step to ask for help. Love one another. Change and forgiveness are possible.  I was able make drastic changes in my life. I incorporated my higher power prayer hot yoga and continuing running setting boundaries and saying no to events people and situations that no longer suited me. As a people pleaser this was hard to do but essential to my success. Thank you to those stories that where shared here. My life is immeasurably better free from alcohol. It's good to be here today and every day one day at a time. If you're struggling today it does get better. So so much better than i could have imagined!!! If I can do this you can too!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on getting to a year that's brilliant
Wonderful story. Thank you for sharing!
Thank you for your inspiring story and congrats on your very significant milestone!
Thanks for sharing your inspiring story.  Congratulations!!
I love this post. It's obvious you are a formidable woman. The fact that you were capable physically and mentally capable of running marathons raising a family being involved in the community and also suffering through hangovers and surviving blackouts it proves what a durable incredible human you really are. That's why I don't feel guilty about being an alcoholic so much anymore. I know that what I put my body and willpower through would stun and incapacitate a lesser person. We are supremely capable and sobriety will focus our light towards the good for ourselves and for those around us. Congrats on 1 year. I look forward to hitting that milestone  myself. 
Woohoo! Congrats! Feels good doesn't it?
How did your business prospects/revenue/etc benefit from your sobriety? My number one motivator is being more successful with my business by not being drunk all the time
Congrats!!!!
Congratulations on one year! Thank you for sharing your story!  
Great post.  I believe I am also a people pleaser and have trouble saying no to certain situations or people.. also I still surround myself with people who continuously drink and I do not want to !  What's the best most realistic  approach to these people ?  It's sometime easier said than done.  
You're an inspiration- congratulations!
