-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e69hd/i_finally_found_something_to_look_forward_to/

The past few days I've been feeling unbelievably depressed. I failed an exam because I simply could not force myself to study I feel disconnected from my friends family other AA members and coworkers and I've barely been able to keep up with the basic requirements of being an adult...I've started praying a bit since I began going to AA about a month ago. Not a lot and usually when I do it goes something like: "Listen God I'm really struggling here. All I need is a sign that I'm going in the right direction or for you to take my cravings away or to show me that everything will be alright". It's actually helped to my surprise. ..Anyway today I was feeling especially lost and desperate. I've been thinking all day "I need a miracle. I can't keep up feeling like this forever I'll never stay sober. This is worse than all the shit that alcohol/drug addiction brings". In the past month I've been interested in meditating more and been reading up on the benefits. Today I read an article about how vipassana meditation helps addicts stay clean which somehow led me to look for 10 day retreats in my area. I keep reading reviews of people that have gone on meditation retreats and they talk about how it's like a vacation for your mind and it leaves you feeling refreshed and mentally clear. ..I've always been a passionate person my heart finds something it likes and latches on. I think that's why I've had such a problem with addiction. But this meditation retreat seems like it could be really good for me and my fucked up head. Maybe I could have a fresh start. A new beginning. A chance to make things right in my life. ..For the past 20 days I've struggled with the thought of what I could possibly spend my money on that remotely compares to the high of drugs/alcohol. Now I have something to save up for. Something to look forward to. Something to keep me sober. Maybe I'm naive to think that it could change anything. Maybe I'm destined to stay depressed forever. But it's all I have to hold on to at this point. So I'm gonna hold on for dear life...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey. Everything is going to be perfectly a- okay. That sounds like an awesome retreat. I hope you make a decision right now that you are going no matter what!
I just completed a 10 day Vipassana course a week ago. I would certainly recommend it. I was not an alcoholic or drug user but I certainly have my fair share of demons. I did talk with another course attendee on the last day. He was a former heroin addict and this was his 8th time on the course. He said that he had tried many things before - therapy NA prescribed drugs etc. For him Vipassana was the only thing that had worked. ..Regarding spending money a Vipassana course should not cost you anything. You can make a donation on the last day if you want but the course is free.
What a great idea!! 
