-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e9bl1/3month_relapse_after_8_months/

background info: 23 yr old struggled with substance abuse started when i was 15. .i have never been more mad at myself than i am right now. i relapsed in september and it's gotten out of hand again. ..8 months clean from alcohol and narcotics only to go back to it all. i feel like addiction is inevitably a vicious cycle of sobriety &gt; &gt; things are good &gt; something happens &gt; things are bad &gt; bender ..how do you quit for good. it's all i want. i don't want to numb out my emotions. drink just to black out. i scare myself sometimes when i cant walk properly or talk and don't even know how i got home. i have a hard time expressing these feelings to anyone because sober me is very shy and introverted i like to read and learn i feel like my brain is deteriorating. the early years.of my 20s i've struggled with memory lapses (assuming due to excessive drinking/drug use) but everyone loves the life of the party version of me. i'm going back to university in january and i have to be sober by then. ..edit; this post is kind of all over the place but i just had to get this all off my chest to SOMEONE 
----------immediate responses--------

I think you are doing the right thing.  Each time you learn something new and then those 8 months next time will be maybe a year or more.  and just be kind to yourself forgive yourself and be proud you are back here :) IWNDWYT
&gt; how do you quit for good. it's all i want. ..I had to learn a few things in order to quit for good. I needed to get clarity about how hopeless my situation became when I took my first sip of alcohol. I needed to see that I was a decent person who deserved a good life not a monster..
Since you like to read and learn try reading This Naked Mind - it's free on the sidebar. Wishing you well on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
I just came out of a 4 day bender following 3 months sober. It was the longest I've ever gone. Looking back I have been able to identify many things that happened in the days leading up to the relapse. ..I was holding resentments not talking to my sponsor stopped doing the work I was doing every day in early recovery. ..Because of this knowledge I have a checklist of things that I am reviewing daily to see if I am doing or thinking in old patterns. Meetings really work for me. I didn't think they would because I wasn't interested in God or 12 steps etc. But the thing that stood out was that there were so many people that had longterm sobriety because of working the program. ..I am grateful to be sober today and will not drink with you :)
I had several relapses until I got to where I am now. I'm not proud of them. But I did learn some things each time however each time I relapsed the days after got increasingly worse as far as physical emotional &amp; mental toll on my mind and body. ..I guess I got to the point I wanted sobriety s badly that I finally started learning *how* to play the tape forward. I started to also visualize what sober me would look like and hold on to that image instead of remembering the drunk me with all the regrets and beating myself up. ..But to be sure in all honesty my being sober right now is a day-by-day thing. I can never be complacent. Right now there is plenty of stress in my life. Yes I do think about drinking for a split second. Then I remember where that leads. Nothing good ever comes from drinking for me......Anyway I wish you the best my friend. We are all here for ya. (I leaned real hard on SD for the first months)...and for whatever it's worth AA or some other recovery group can also help when you feel like a bender coming on; at least it's an alternative...Hang in there. I will not drink with you today!
