-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7efqd6/in_which_i_mention_booze_and_gollum_in_the_same/

This weekend I almost bought some wine to add to a Thanksgiving recipe. I told myself I'd buy just enough for the recipe and that was it. I found a can of wine (a can! I've never seen a CAN of wine before!) and thought that would work. When it comes to food I don't mind alcohol in it -- like a bit of red wine in a long slow-braised roast or something like that. As long as it's not a strong flavor and cooked off after a long period of time I don't mind it -- and as long as someone else cooks it...But I had to put that can of wine back on the shelf. As I was holding it those familiar rationalizations started bubbling up. I felt like Gollum when he's coveting his damn Precious. *I could buy 2 and just drink one while I cooked with the other! Or what if I bought 3 and drink 2!* I could literally feel a wave of anxiety flowing over me and I knew I was about to make a bad decision. So instead I put the can back and looked at it for a minute then made myself a new rule. I can't cook with booze. I still cannot be trusted with that stuff. ..sidenote: I find a lot of similarities in LOTR and my journey in sobriety. It's not that I'm a huge fan of LOTR but it keeps popping up in my mind whenever I try to come up with an analogy about the struggle. Makes me chuckle a bit. 
----------immediate responses--------

I saw a program researching whether the alcohol does actually cook off in any significant amount. They determined that it depends on the method (some more than others) but in all cases most of the alcohol (and aldehydes) remained intact.
One drink to rule them all one drink to find them one drink to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
All too familiar! Well done on staying strong. None shall pass!!
I always loved cooking with beer and wine. I could say it was because it gave the food such a deep layer if flavor but really it was a "little for you little for me/rest for me" situation. There are a lot of other options for adding depth to dishes..Also I like the Gollum references! My precious! "he loves and hates the ring (drink) just as he loves and hates himself". I pay attention to Gandalf now. Also his battle with the shadow is pretty on point. Done feeling out over here I will not drink with you today!
Yes I agree with your analogy I have always associated Gollum's story with being addicted. People (Hobbits whatever they are) clearly get addicted to it. 
I don't even have alcohol in my mouthwash! I often compare my sobriety with The Matrix. I took the red pill and now live in the real world. I go to a club or party and I'm Neo.
I'm a big LOTR fan too.  This cracked me up...
