-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ejw5d/i_really_wanted_to_buy_a_bottle_on_the_way_home/

... and get fucking twisted but I didn't. ..I'm currently teaching a subject that I know very well but it turns out that due to not practising it for a long time I have some gaps in my knowledge that some of the people I teach are only too happy and somewhat smug to point out to me generally in the middle of the class. It's bringing up all my feelings of being shit being worthless being inadequate being doubtful wanting to scream at my friend for getting me this gig in the first place BECAUSE I FUCKING TOLD HER I COULDN'T DO IT BECAUSE I CAN'T DO SHIT not deserving anything good being a fake and a fraud and just a NOTHING. All the reasons I drank in the first place basically. ..All the reasons I drank and took drugs just hit me slap bang in the face this evening and I really really wanted to relapse because well fuck it why not. I actively wanted to get fucked and fuck sobriety and fuck not being drunk and fuck dealing with these shameful embarrassing feelings and emotions...But I didn't. I bought a packet of cigarettes (bad yes but the lesser of many evils) came home and logged onto SD instead and I'm so glad I did. Thanks for being here guys. ..I will not drink with you today x.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's great thanks for sharing. I also remember learning that I could like exist even though I felt bad. I could wait it out and the feelings would pass and I didn't have to do anything - not drink not drug etc. Amazing hahah
Thanks for letting it out man. It feels good to just get it out there. Proud of you.
Congratulations on 6 days :-)..Sounds pretty much like my day! ..Here is what u/piercer_99 told me today -."Just remember today is as good as it will ever be today..Don't worry about tomorrow you aren't there..Be good to you today you deserve it."..I will not drink with you today :-)
Teaching can be very demanding and when students don't appreciate your work and are rude about letting you know it then it can be especially tough. Thanks for not drinking and coming here to tell us. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations on not drinking today...Sometimes the world kicks you in the nads sometimes life is overwhelming  other times everything is wonderful. ...Anytime I don't drink today  I have a chance to live life fully embrace it and learn how to respond to other humans which ultimately lets me be a person who has a shot at enjoying today....Learning how to live sober and let everyone else be themselves today has been a huge ongoing experience. ...I won't drink today with you  no matter what. ..Be good to you today  you deserve it. 
Whoa
