-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ejyep/where_are_those_sunglasses/

Well I have begun the journey for real. Started therapy. Always found going sober hard because I believed I never got rock bottom. After saying this to my wife she brought up 5 occasions in my bender days (5 years ago) where I emotionally hurt her and put our relationship in serious jepordy. Plus a few times where I put my job in jepordy. The only reason I didn't hit rock bottom was luck and the love and kindness of an amazing woman who I love every day and have two kids with. My drinking has improved dramatically over the last five years but I struggle so hard to drink moderately. I always drink more than I say I will and can't moderate when drinking out. I have lurked here read books and fantasized about being sober..Today it begins. The badge will be reset. I admit I am an alcoholic. I love life. The future looks bright I better find some sunglasses
----------immediate responses--------

Rock bottom is wherever we stop digging. ..I don't know who said it but I have seen it posted around here a few times.
I also struggled to moderate. Now I know I can't. For me it's been a burden lifted. No more trying and failing. What I love is no more torturing myself trying. I can't. I don't. IWNDWYT:)
I frequently remind myself of a simple truth: for me moderation is a boring waste of time. I find sobriety to be significantly more interesting than being drunk and infinitely more exciting than moderation.
"Rock bottom is wherever we stop digging." I was apparently trying to dig to China...&gt;I love life...This is great. So glad you're taking this journey. 
What its rock bottom anyway? *And* does it really have to get that bad before we realize we've dug a grave for ourselves?...just sayin'......I apparently don't even know what the word moderation means. I can't seem to do anything "in moderation." So zero drinks it is! ..I will not drink with you today (or tonight)!
