-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7enpit/day_3_stop_posting_edition/

 know I've been posting every day for 3 days. I'm sorry but being here is so helpful. It let's me record my day to day struggles after the relapse read stories that help and help others with similar struggles. Anyway... On to today..No thirst! Yay! I beat that bugger. Small headaches though. Got a little tingly in the face a few times too but I feel great physically otherwise. Got the promethazine from the doc but couldn't get the appointment unfortunately. The big bad monster was kinda relentless today but he did not win! I did sleep last night for about 14 hours. Not good sleep and I probably would have slept all day if I hadn't forced myself up...Had two of those early recovery dreams in disguise last night....kinda? First one was weird but symbolic of my issues. The second I guess was me starting to work out my issues of why I started? It was a recurring dream that continued after each time I woke up. My best friend was in all of them. The first time it looked just like her and I was like nah she dead bro and woke up immediately. Then she changed slightly and I felt a distance. I wanted to be as close as possible but felt the need to back away. I couldn't be with her no matter how much I wanted. Double meaning perhaps?..Anyway that's my long rambling post for today. I will not drink with you tonight!..I promise I'll go back to lurking most the time soon! Sorry
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man. Don't apologize. We all need stuff to read! I'm so glad it's going well!
I'm a big fan of lurking but don't go back to that just because you think you are posting too much. Not a single person here will begrudge you getting things off your chest holding yourself accountable or just sharing because we all truly understand. No judgements here just comrades. I will not drink with you tonight!
Please don't apologize! Seeing people struggle with the exact thing I'm going through helps so much. Keep up the good work &amp; I won't drink tonight with you!
You're not forcing people to read your post. Post away I say!
Post as much as you need! 
