-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7esqsp/insomnia/

Hello SD. I have been lurking here for years but am finally willing to take the first step and join you all...I am a daily brown-out drinker. I have been trying to cut back a lot and am struggling with insomnia which I have read is very common when getting sober...How do you deal with/ how did you deal with insomnia?
----------immediate responses--------

usually i jerk off to gay porn until my prostate gives out. that usually does the trick.
Wow... That comment....Anyway it's very common. Even with short relapses. Try melatonin or benadryl for over the counter. Or call your GP. What works really well is promethazine. A plus side is you won't get nauseous either 
I take 500 mg of magnesium before bed. It relaxes the muscles and calms the brain and one is able to get natural sleep. It's not like taking something that makes one sleep. It calms and relaxes the body allowing the body to actually sleep and rest. Don't take my word for it google it.
Insomnia sucks . It usually last me around 3 days . I just expect it and know it will eventually get better . I take Benedryl. 
Exercise will make you sleep better. I find that when my life is outa wack I can at least go back to sleeping well after I start to exercise more. Go for a long walk or a hike. You'll get a sense of accomplishment and probably a better nights sleep.
It took me a couple weeks of sobriety to start sleeping like a normal person.  I got through it by not trying to sleep until after midnight and drinking herbal sleepy time teas of various sorts.  ..The silver lining of the insomnia is that 4 hours of sober sleep beats 8 hours of passed-out drunk sleep every time.  
Oh yay insomnia. I made a post about it 3 weeks ago when I decided to stop drinking. The first few days were tough..I didn't sleep much and not well. I was reminded by everyone here that it's normal and it'll pass so I trusted that. ..Drinking herbal teas - valerian specifically before bed has helped. Taking about 3-6mg of melatonin (taking more can actually mess up sleep) taking GABA as well.. also just getting out of bed for a "reset" if I couldn't sleep within 30 minutes. Just laying there waiting doesn't really help me fall asleep any faster. ..Oh I also did get Ativan on about day 4 because my anxiety was starting to get really bad. I just had a few to get me through some of the worst days and that helped me to calm down and get some decent sleep. Maybe something to look into for the short term. Good luck!! 
