-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7eu46r/relapse_worst_decision/

It was one of my worst and most pathetic binges. I was alone the entire time at some point started texting with my ex who I keep trying and failing to go no-contact with puked drank more hardly remember the end of the night. I didn't just drink; I went into full-on self-destruct mode. It was like once I had started I just couldn't or didn't want to stop even when I was fighting to keep my eyes open. At one point I did actually fall asleep for a bit I have no idea for how long but I vaguely remember waking up and being completely committed to drinking more...The next day I cancelled my appointment with my therapist because I was too hungover to even think straight. I tried to act normal around my housemate and her family who are visiting for the holiday. I hoped that my vomit in the front yard had gone unnoticed by everyone. I remembered I had bought a pack of cigarettes. I had a text message from my ex asking what the hell I had been trying to say the night before. ..I somehow powered through that day. The next night   last night   I went to bed early and ended up fighting the alternating chills and sweats of a fever. I wondered if I was getting a UTI. I drank water and peed every few minutes. I lied curled up in bed shivering with my bathrobe on and covered in blankets. There is still a dull ache in my lower abdomen. I wondered what the hell I had done to myself...So I had 43 days sober my longest streak in over a decade and now I'm back on day 2. Before that 43 days I had something like 18 days sober. I'm not happy I relapsed but I still think it's kind of cool that I've only drank twice in the last 60-something days. This isn't my first day 2 but this is certainly the first time I've gone over 2 months with only 2 hangovers. So I guess that still counts for something...I really scared myself the other night. I'm back now.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!  18 days... 43 days... That's an upward trend friend!
I'm pretty sure I told off my abuser through an old fake FB account I still had for some reason. That's his fuel. He loves getting a reaction out of me. I had made it 28 days without telling him to fuck off and leave me alone. I need to stay focused so I can legally afford to tell him to fuck off with a lawyer.
Hey! I'm glad your back! What's your first line of defense going to be next time?
In a similar boat. On my third sober streak of the year. When I did fall off it was epic. Same type stuff- days long benders texting puking just wallowing in it...Glad to hear you are up at bat again. Let's knock it out of the park this time! I will not drink with you today.
If you are going through hell keep going....I'm coming off a 5 brutal month binge/relapse myself. I'm glad to be sober with you today.
