-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7f2ph9/so_annoyed/

Just left my SO's parents where we had brunch before breaking for a bit and heading to my family's dinner. Struggling a little with cravings but confident I am not drinking today. BUT at brunch I noticed I was offered water or coffee. I never remember not being offered at least beer or wine if not a festive cocktail at their house. I am newly (ish) sober and uncomfortable sharing it with anyone to the point that I think it would even hurt my process to discuss it outside of very close relationships (about 4 people) SD and AA. So I found it a little odd I wasn't offered a drink. I asked my SO about it on the way home and found out he not only shared my problem with his parents but told them I was attending meetings...not even MY parents know this. I am pissed. I sarcastically explained what the second A in AA stands for and let him know that he made me really uncomfortable and did damage to my process. I am not ready to talk about this or have many people know and that has been working fine for me thus far. Our plans were to watch a game and set up the Christmas tree before another family event and now I'm in my room alone reading SD and too pissed to go downstairs. I honestly feel like drinking out of some sort of weird anger but I won't. I'll read and maybe take a nap and hope to calm down soon. Am I being too dramatic? Because I feel super betrayed and angry. Anyway thanks SD. I know there are bigger struggles and I should be thankful for much more today. Hard to shake this feeling though. I wish everyone a happy day.
----------immediate responses--------

My struggles greatly affected my wife's sense of emotional security. While there were times that I felt betrayed in the way you describe I learned to give her the latitude to talk her process out with her trusted confidants. 
I am glad you are making it through! BUT - SO should have asked you how you wanted to handle this first. That being said I guess you just have to move on. (what else right??) I guess you could chalk it up to "one less thing" at this point. I would be super annoyed too though....better make sure he didn't tell anyone else or that he DOESN'T tell anyone else. I hope your meal with your family is great!!
Yeah I get really pissed when someone tells others that I'm an alcolholic and don't offer me a drink. It's my business I'll handle it. IWNDWYT
I agree that its YOUR journey and it should be up to you how you go about it and who knows about it. At the same time I think you are VERY blessed with a SO who cares enough about your sobriety to tell his parents and make sure that they don't offer you anything at dinner. I understand that you're frustrated but I see often on SD that many people don't have SOs who support or encourage sobriety in any sense. I really think this came out of support rather than trying to betray your trust. And I think now that you've told explained that you felt betrayed that he won't do it again...It also sounds like your SO's family is supportive as well. I would lean on that support rather than push it away even if you weren't particularly ready for it. Nothing you can do now but accept the situation as it is and get the best out of it. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Same thing happened to me last Xmas!! Hang in there. Be sure he knows how it made you feel. I'm really sorry. 
My mom told her whole side of the family when I started AA and had her recovered sister my aunt give me a call and talk to me about it.  I didn't know until my aunt called that she had done this...I can so relate to you.  I think I said the same exact thing...AA is an anonymous fellowship....Years have passed some sober some ups and downs but now that I'm looking at sobriety or very seldom drinking I'm not telling my parents anything for now...Good on you for not drinking and I will not drink with you today!
[removed]
My boyfriend told his two aunts his uncle and his cousin about a particularly bad night that I was drunk. He told them that I gave it up. He asked me in front of his cousin today if I was going to a meeting. I was so angry that he told them everything. So I get where you're coming from. His explanation was that he needed support from them. I'm still kinda pissed about it. But what can you do?
