-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7f5da9/on_sobriety_and_sadness/

Struggling today. It's not thanksgiving here (Canadian) but I'm just so down. Everything (tough time at work my 2 year old twins who are maniacally emotional) keeps making me want to cry. I feel like I have no time for myself. That said I'm still sober so there's that. ..I'm on meds I have a great psychologist. So I'm working on it. Being sober is wonderful at times but it's also so brutal... having to feel everything again...Not looking for sympathy but just wanted to get it all out there on a page. Leave it here. Tomorrow will be a better day. Thanks for being there SD. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel that sadness is better than numbness followed by a hangover and self loathing. Being able to feel sadness makes you appreciate happiness so much more. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for posting this. I'm feeling a bit sad and let down by my work today but reading here on SD Iis helping. .Sorry you're having a rough time with your kids but I think your idea of leaving it all here is a good one. I will try and do the same. Hoping to wake up to a bright new Saturday (Australia) tomorrow. .IWNDWYT take care .Matti
Sadness is often regarded as an negative emotion but it is something everybody feels. And in my opinion sadness is needed to experience happiness. It is really good you are taking on your issues head on. Keep going and try to embrace your sadness. It will get better in time..IWNDWYT
Hang in there!
It's feeling the emotions; good or bad that make life beautiful. Stay strong!!
Stay strong bud be kind to yourself. Xx
It's a cliche but working out and eating right goes a long way. Invest in some cheap dumbells if you're strapped for time and start going for some runs. Avoid added sugar and carb loading and try and eat clean like a boxer or an athlete. You'll be surprised how much this can improve your mood.
Hugs friend.... 
My sister told me that without tough times we would only stay the same. It's our challenges and lessons that makes us stronger and wiser. I'm just hitting a big learning point and need to look at it as an exciting time of personal growth. 
I understand.  Nowhere to hide from all the feelings. I have a love/hate with it myself. Hang in there catdog xo
My son is two and I can't imagine having twins! Can you just give them some tv time in a safe room and take half an hour to sit in silence? Or is there a neighbor or family member who can take them to give you some down time?..Regardless I feel like my guy is getting better as he is able to communicate better... And remember you are a hero to all of us who have single kids. 
I'm a mom too so I understand how stressful it can be. I figured out that I usually drank to avoid dealing with my kids and constantly having to police them. Having to parent is definitely still a trigger for me to want a drink. But they are so worth it. I owe it to my children to be present and to become a better mother. Hang in there!
