-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fai5m/why_stop_drinking/

I drink. A lot. Almost all day sometimes. If I wake up to a hangover the best remedy is obviously the 'hair of the dog'. If I wake up and feel fine? Still gonna take a shot before breakfast; cause why not? I'm 23 years old and I want to stop; at least I think I do. Unfortunately every time I stop for 3-5 days I start drinking again because I can't find a good reason to stay sober. Being drunk is amazing. Being sober? Not that great honestly. What are your alls' reasons for going sober? I'm honestly struggling to find a reason. I'm very high-functioning when I'm drunk so I never have to really deal with consequenses.
----------immediate responses--------

A lot of us have stopped because we have played out the long term game and have realized that drinking will not us get where we want to go. Or we do start to see the negative consequences sometimes called rock bottom. ..I'll speak for myself that I wished I stopped drinking when I was 23. Would of saved myself and others a lot of heartache. ..When you are ready to stop even for a day or a week we are here for you. 
It's a progressive disease... And while you may not feel there's a reason to stop now that can change over time. ..I thought I was a functioning alcoholic but over the course of 18 months that changed rapidly. I was drinking a bottle of whisky a day my mental health was deteriorating and I started to lose things. ..The first the that went was the relationship with most of my friends. I isolated to the point where I would barely leave the house. After a while the phone just stopped ringing and nobody wanted to get in touch with me. I would flake out every time I said yes and they just got sick of my shit. ..Second thing to go was the relationship with my ex-partner. After 9 years we decided to call it quits. While my drinking wasn't brought up as a reason for our unhappiness when I look back at it it would have been a major cause. I hid my drinking because there was so much shame and guilt around my behaviour. ..Finally my job... At almost 10 years I lost the one thing I thought I would never lose. I'm sure there were a few more reasons to my job being made untenable and forcing me to resign but I think the strongest reason would be my performance slipping. Every day become ground hog day and I had checked out mentally. I'm surprised I lasted as long as I did to be honest... ..I was lucky enough to keep my family in my life. While I put them through some hard times they still stuck by me and I'm grateful for that. It has taken a long time to earn their trust back but with the work I have done on myself I feel I'm someone they can actually trust again. Being present in their lives has shown me the true value of family. ..Like I said it's a progressive disease... You don't just wake up one day and your life is gone this shit happens over time. You barely even notice it happening at first but one day you'll reach your rock bottom and you won't have any idea what you did to get there. ..23 is a young age but it's about when I started drinking heavily. I never had control and that's something I never wanted. It was either all or nothing. If you think you're having problems now just remember... Things can always get worse and in my experience when booze is involved they always do. ..It's not an easy road but it's a very rewarding one. Good luck buddy. 
Thank you for your post! I know that if I drink it will kill me. It may take a while or it might be quick but my situation becomes hopeless when I drink. I needed to learn about the consequences for me that will with that decision...Perhaps by .[reading how others in stopdrinking have found success](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7f0hzy/my_favorite_stopdrinking_reddit_searches/).you will too. I won't be drinking with you today!.
The best reason i can give: because if and when it becomes a problem (and it can happen before you know it but breakfast shots maybe a sign ;) ) and yiu have a seizure (like me) and SURVIVE IT you never get to drink again. Ever. ..So that drink after a crappy work day or after mountaineering or to toast a dead friend or because they have your favourite beer on tap in the pub you work at? (me today goddamit). You cant have it. No beer for you. No 30 yr old single malts for you. No jagerbombs. No Irish coffees by a camp fire...Rein it in now and you get to have those moments. Do 5 days. Do 10. But reduce so you dont have to stop. If you can stop then it is really time to stop..
It was destroying everything that I am and care about. ..I never faced any consequences either. Never a DUI never a ticket never a hospital stay. But it was eating me whole... High-functioning  was just an illusion for me. I wasn't living my high-functioning life. Drinking was how I poured salt in my wounds kidding myself all the time that it was a reward.  
I stopped because I had to start dealing with the consequences. Or die. Those were the 2 options. ..I drank all day every day... it took about 15 years of **heavy** drinking to get to that point. I was functional those 15 years right up until I wasn't. 8 days in the hospital near death with alcoholic hepatitis was what I chose as my rock bottom. 
No more guilt shame and soul-crushing humiliation is pretty nice. I was a lot like you when I was 23. The question is do you think you'll be an exception to the rule and continue to function at a high level for the rest of your life? For me it lasted until my mid-late 20s. ..One of the best things is that I never have to wake up in the morning and have that fear rush over me about what I did the night before who saw me who I owe an apology to etc. 
I stopped drinking because eventually I realized that in just about every situation where I couldn't drink I was miserable. That was a shitty existence and something had to change. It was never sustainable and it stopped doing what it used to do for me.
I don't think it was fear of any specific event that made me want to stop. My drinking started picking up around your age. I worked from home so it didn't really matter how much/how often/when I drank. I didn't drive drunk. My local dive was just around the corner so there wasn't much opportunity to get myself in any trouble staggering back from there. So I also felt like my drinking was consequence-free. I felt like I had a lifestyle that let me drink like that so why not?..There were consequences they just weren't immediate and traumatic. One decision to drink instead of "working on that project" or "looking for better jobs" or "doing something kind for someone you care about" or what have you probably isn't going to make a big difference in anyone's life. But what happens when you're making that choice every day over a period of years? After a while I realized I wasn't some lucky person whose job/lifestyle allowed me to drink more; I was making decisions about my direction in life to ensure I could continue to drink more. I still felt like I was the same ambitious person I was before and I still felt like I was chasing some set of goals but the truth is I was usually choosing to drink instead of putting in the focused work that would be necessary to do the things I want to do in life. I might be high-functioning when I drink but it doesn't take too many drinks before I stop wanting to work on anything really strenuous. I've also long been prone to depressive episodes; drinking exacerbates their frequency and severity quite a bit...So for me it was thinking of the consequences of years of decisions to drink *instead of* doing something else. The effect is cumulative. I'm glad I didn't wait until something immediate and traumatic happened to reflect on all of the smaller things that were building up over time...
Like a few others have said I *wish* I realized I should quit when I was 23..  I'm almost 32 now and big chunks of my 20s are blurry.  You're still young and may feel like you'll be missing out... but when you can barely remember all of the "fun" you had eventually you realize you've missed out on more by drinking the time away.  
