-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fbquf/help_me/

The wave is hitting me again. I'm crumbling. I've spent all day randomly having to retreat to the walk in freezer at my work to cry. Tonight I'll come back to an empty house and all I'll be able to think about is this stupid shit. There's a whole cabinet full of good booze and no one to talk to about my feelings. I want to talk to you so bad about what is going on with me right now. You've missed SO much. My only good reliable friend can't come keep my company. My other friend has relapsed... And as sweet and caring as my coworkers are they're all going to be getting loaded after work I can't go them either. .Why can't we do this together? .The only way I see myself winning tonight is by begging to close at work. Hopefully I'll be too exhausted to think by the time I get home. ..Please tell me what works for you to avoid alcohol or talking to someone you shouldn't in these kinds of situations. One can only meditate and workout so much.. .
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly my go to during this holiday season and dealing with the ol' family trigger of mine is to work work work. Keeps me busy keeps me tired I know I have a 18 hour day tomorrow there is no room to think much less screw up and today was a 12 hour so I should be tired enough to just knock out. ..We are here for you &amp; we have all been there. You are not alone. I know my walk in cooler all too well also lol. ..Hang in there my friend &amp; [High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for reaching out
I go to a meeting. Everyone there wants to be sober and wants to help me be sober!..Then I have a support network that I can call when something like you describe comes up.
I made my home my sober sanctuary.  Had my hubby get rid of all alcohol for me &amp; I went straight home after work each day until I felt that my will to stay sober was strong.  I posted here went to bed early did chores etc to distract me when cravings were strong. Sending you Internet hugs. I won't drink with you tonight if you like. 
I have started journaling to help me get out my thoughts anxieties sadnesses wins and resolutions. It seems to at least help me feel better after. Good luck and we are pulling for you!
Journaling cleaning finding a new show on Netflix this subreddit or other subreddits &amp; PODCASTS do you don't feel alone! You got this friend &amp; I  will not drink with you tonight.
