-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fhhu3/relapse_from_hell/

Hey SD!..It's been a long time since I've been here. Not sure why. A lot of stuff hasn't been making sense to me right now. ..Anyway I relapsed like 2 days before my 1 year anniversary. I decided that I wasn't an alcoholic anymore. Which is a rookie move. And everyone in my life warned me that that made no sense. Still I convinced someone who wasn't that familiar with my drinking past that it was totally fine to let me drink...Next thing I know I found myself drunk for the majority of the past four weeks. And throughout this weeks i was highly aware of how hellish alcohol is. I knew I was miserable so I still kept going to AA. I've been to one meeting every day for the past two weeks. I've been talking to my sponsor daily my husband my therapist. Everyone. But I have no idea how I keep relapsing a day before my one week anniversary. I'll have strung a few days together certain I'll never drink again only to find myself drunk and out of my mind. ..I even spent last night researching the interaction between my antidepressants and alcohol because as much as I've always been a drunk my behavior in the last few binges is completely alien to me. I've endangered myself said cruel things to my husband  injured myself found myself calling 911 twice in one night slept with a colleague with no recollection of our night together. I've been completely insane. ..At this point I have no idea what I'm going to do. My sobriety was the most precious thing to me and I threw it away for some silly experiment and a power-trip of sorts. I'm so angry baffled and confused...I need help...But I won't drink with you today..
----------immediate responses--------

I too had a serious compulsion to drink on antidepressants. And I'd blackout After two drinks and get violent.  After I quit them a hell in and of itself it's been a lot easier not to drink. I'm still not drinking just in case. I will not drink with you today.
Sending you an internet hug and not drinking with you today.
You have to save this post and read it daily. Is your husband aware that you slept with someone else?! ..Come here daily and never touch a drop again. It's obviously not worth it.
&gt; researching the interaction between my antidepressants and alcohol because as much as I've always been a drunk my behavior in the last few binges is completely alien to me. ..What do your research tell you?..I mixed an ssri and drinking and it was a bad combination for me. Many problems resulted and ultimately it forced me to quit drinking so maybe it was all worth it..
Guys thanks for sharing this. I have been feeling terrible due to a bad night with SSRIs and drinking. It helps to know that some have the same issue. 
