-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fos5o/having_trouble_relating/

Hi SD..I want to preface this and say that this post is in no way intended to brag but I need to share my thoughts...I am in AA and got almost 3 months before a relapse. I was able to make a list of things that occurred on the days leading up to the relapse and am taking daily inventory to check if I am doing any of them. I have 9 days today...The problem I am running into is that my sponsor and other friends in the rooms seem to be able to give themselves completely to the program. They sit there soaking up all the information nodding and and that's all they talk about. I am having a hard time...I keep getting told I am not different and I should get out of my head and stop thinking. This is a problem for me because I really think I am different. I have always had this heightened sense of consciousness and feel very in tune with energy and the universe. My whole life it's like I have been able to see far beyond what normal people see. I can feel things before people say them. I have a very strong intuition and am constantly told how intelligent I am. ..Throughout my life I have had many achievements. I started my career at 14 years old and by the time I was 27 had built and sold my own business. I am having difficulty relating in the rooms because while I share a lot with everyone I have not yet met anyone who is like me. I haven't met anyone who has been able to build a business that they depend upon for their sole income. I haven't met others that are "woke" like I am...This is sounding self-centered I know. But I know others like me outside of the rooms. It's not just me. Then I hear about a treatment called The Sinclair Method that has helped people unlearn their addictions and return to normal lives. Some of them don't drink some do in moderation. This gives me hope and now I am at a crossroads. It says in the Big Book that "There is no known method of making a normal drinker out of an alcoholic Science may one day accomplish this". Has it? ..I just feel very conflicted and unable to TRULY relate. Even my sponsor only know's his own story. How can I blindly trust and listen to everything he has to say when I know that he doesn't know everything? I keep getting told not to "think". But that goes against every level of my being. I am someone who seeks answers...Sorry for the rant I just had to get this off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you understand the first step? When you start drinking do you lose control and drink more than you intended to? And when you try stopping do you have difficulty stopping?..If you answered yes to both then welcome to AA. Now work the steps. ..What does your business have to do with anyone else and alcoholism we all have the same disease can you relate to how people drank?
You might try SMART Recovery. I quit without AA 12 steps just weren't my speed. Programs like that work really well for a lot of people but aren't one size fits all. SMART is a self-empowering mutual support group that uses the principles of motivational interviewing and rational emotive behavior therapy. See if there's a group in your area. 
Eventually my uniqueness was going to kill me if I didn't get help. I thought my story and my experiences with alcohol were somehow different; they weren't at all in fact they were quite common. Being in active addiction made me incredibly self-centered. Having said that I never really clicked with the AA method but I found my tribe in Refuge Recovery. I tried the Sinclair method and found that I drank over the meds and eventually stopped taking them because I'm addicted to the way alcohol makes me feel. If you're compliant you might have some luck. Either way let us know how it goes.
[removed]
&gt;How can I blindly trust and listen to everything he has to say when I know that he doesn't know everything?..I have never met anyone who knows everything but I have met people who have tried to help me the in the best way they knew. .Life is like a puzzle in the end the different pieces come together &amp; form the big picture.
What would you like? Would you like to relate? Stop focusing on yourself and try to actually relate others experiences into your own life. The other thing it sounds like is you want someone to relate to you which is not easy. You have to really put yourself out there if you want someone to do this. And even if you do nobody in the room may be able to relate 100% or even 50% I think it's still worth trying than not trying at all. ..The only answer is Stop Drinking everything else is a connect the dot puzzle onto how we get there and most of the time it is a messy connect the dot puzzle. 
There are other recovery methods out there besides AA. Over on the right side of this subreddit is a list of them and others who commented suggested a couple of them. I implore you to take a look at and analyze other recovery methods to see which one might appeal to your nature.  ..And the thing about alcohol is it's egalitarian nature in destroying lives regardless of how "woke" someone is. That's the tie that binds us all. 
AA isn't the right fit for everyone. It wasn't the right fit for me and I could dive into several paragraphs explaining why &lt;insert feminist rant about ego and powerless here&gt; but the fact is every single one of us is unique. Some people jive very well with AA; others do not. And I have learned that I don't necessarily need to relate to someone to learn from them. I didn't relate to my calculus teacher in high school but I still learned how to do calculus you know?..Drinking problems are in no way correlative with intelligence. It was pretty critical for me to grasp that. There are extremely intelligent active alcoholics and recovering alcoholics out there. You might not have met them yet. They definitely do exist though. ..If you've got a solution that works better for you than AA rock on brother. The catch is: how is one to know if one's solution is better than AA? Well one way is amassing some significant sober time. I had nearly six years before  performing some additional tests  though so I don't think just wracking up years is the only key. The other things I'd look for is does my life have greater peace and humility now? If I was finding both of those in sobriety outside of AA I'd know I had a winner. And in my experience you need both peace and humility to have a winner. I definitely experienced increased peace. Notsomuch humility though and therein lied my downfall. 
In my opinion you have to be in charge of your own recovery. If AAisnt working try something else or try a different AA meeting. You mentioned the Sinclair Method. Try it. Try Smart if you want. Over the years I've done them all. What worked for me was excercise meditation and a therapist. Also coming clean to friends and loved ones allowed me to no longer feel I was hiding from the world. Recovery is hard enough so if you try a method and feel you are fighting yourself on top of fighting the booze try something else. The thing about booze is that it will always wait for you. Over time I just came to the realization that I no longer wanted to be there for it. So it had to go. 
I am a very analytical person as well and unfortunately AA wasn't a good fit for me either but I think it can be extremely helpful. Opposed to popular belief many problem drinkers are high functioning. We can have many racing thoughts and alcohol can quiet them down and hence the appeal. ..I think the point of AA is we all have alcoholism in common NO MATTER what your economic racial or religious background. It's a group of people supporting each other in living sober not necessarily relating with each other in every way. Like you said we are all different. .Maybe the people at your meeting were saying to keep it simple for now. It's quite logical if drinking has become a problem for you then don't drink each day. If you don't relate to the people in your meeting try and find a new one. I believe AA offers specific types of meetings. There is also much to read (anecdotal and science-based) and many more recovery programs such as SMART and Refuge Recovery. .You can also find a therapist that specializes in addiction if you feel you need more one on one. That worked for me. .Perhaps you are worried that you relapsed recently and think that because of this...AA doesn't work. This is a process. I have never met one person who quit drinking without relapsing at least once.
