-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fwl5x/lost_my_sweet_dog_over_the_weekend/

She was such a good friend and I lost her peacefully but damn this hurts. I had been doing okay until the day before she died and I relapsed. Not in a major or dramatic way but I had 2 glasses of wine to put me to sleep. I had a "fuck it" my dog is dying moment and just gave in. But the weird thing is that I haven't been the least bit tempted to drink since she passed. I wonder if some of my anxiety that has been increasing over the past year was due to the stress of watching her fall apart. ..My heart is in a thousand pieces but I will not drink with you wonderful people today. I know drinking won't bring her back and it certainly won't make me feel any better or help with my grief. And I'm just so sad right now I can't imagine drinking and making myself sadder. Maybe I can finally lock down sobriety. I don't know I just had to get that off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear that.  I dread the day that my dogs pass but I also know that we have had our best years together sober.  When they pass they will want to be looking down on me sober.  Your dog wants you to be happy man.  
I'm so sorry you lost your pooch. 
I lost my baby girl puppy last week. She was barely past a year old. I had never dealt with loss sober before. A year ago I'd still be drunk. This is the better way. IWNDWYT
It is always so hard to let them go. I always think to myself that it would be a heck of an achievement to be half the man my dogs think I am... kinda one reason I'm giving sobriety a try here this time...We're all here for you! I will not drink with you today.
Sorry for your loss. My Pitbull and lab were both put down pretty much in the same week. I couldn't go with my dad to see them go I was a mess when I had to give my cat to a friend to watch while I traveled no way I could watch my girls go. Luckily my dad was stronger than me so they had their paws held before they left :( ..Planted a tree on both of their graves and they are already coming in
I'm so sorry. I read Pack of Two by Caroline Knapp when I lost my darling hound. She also wrote Drinking: A Love Story so she sure knows grief dogs and booze... 
I'm so sorry! I'm glad you were able to spend the time you had together! 
I am so sorry I know how hard it is I hope you have the support you need.   i always feel so grateful for people like you who clearly give their dogs so much love.
I am so so sorry about your baby.  I have 3 and they are my life today my oldest boy didn't want to carry on walking so I carried him.  I completely know what you are going through and fear that I will be going through the same soon.  The pain never really goes but you learn to live with it and they find a little spot in your heart and stay there forever.
I'm very sorry to hear of your loss. I've been there and hope you are able to heal and remember her for the love she brought to your life. Grief can be an exquisite emotion and it does pass. Hugs to you. 
:( I'm so sorry for your loss. With time and distance you will get through this. I won't drink with you today.
