-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7g5824/horrible_advice_from_a_doctor/

I have posted about my own struggles with the poison being a once a week binger/cigarette smoker but nary a one on the other 6 days. I am getting sober for me but while its not my problem - i do hope my longtime friend eventually sees the light. I know i should focus on myself and not compare my relationship to the poison with anyone else but.... He is a father now and has been drinking heavily for like 20 years. Every day. Never a monday dry out. Never a day off. He has all the classic signs of a body in need of sobriety: sky high liver enzymes high blood pressure high cholesterol and triglycerides etc. Clearly his body needs a break to repair itself. He confided in my recently that his doctor told him that if he could get it down to say 2-4 drinks a day he would basically leave him alone. Um this kind of seems like awful advice to me. How is he going to moderate after 20 years of failing to do so? It seems that while this would be an improvement it's still above the recommended daily allowance. And clearly he is an alcoholic! I would think a responsible doctor would urge him to quit and heal his body. I feel like he will use this as an excuse to keep drinking. Maybe i am out of line here and not being a doctor i didn't comment but this feels like a grave disservice. Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Also he has daily liver pains. And has confided in me he has had DTs. 
I have found that until someone reaches out for help there's not much help that I can give them. I actually like the doctor's advice. You wanted an opinion there it is.
Here's what I like about the doctor's advice. Your friend needs to be totally convinced that drinking is a serious problem for him. Having him see for himself how his attempt at moderate drinking goes is a great test of whether you are an alcoholic or not. After the test is over he goes back to the doctor and has to explain how it went. If he failed to moderate then the doctor can say that he must stop completely. It's a process that helps get past the denial of the alcoholic. They think it's everyone else who is the problem not them.
The doctor is proposing harm reduction. It may seem like a pointless plan for your friend because of his extensive history but doctors can't convince people to get sober.  ..Does your friend want sobriety? Is he willing to do whatever it takes to stop? If that's not where he's at right now- neither you nor his doctor can get him to quit. ..The best thing you can do for him is stay sober yourself.
I had a doctor once who told me to drink more red wine to get my iron levels up.....A former shrink said a few drinks don't hurt to get over social anxiety...completely irresponsible advise from both of them...Regarding your friends doctor to me it sounds like either he thinks your friend is a lost cause &amp; a few drinks less is better than nothing or he tries to make him understand the extend of his problem. I would make sure to exactley understand the goal before more valuable time is lost...My current doctor sent me to rehab.
&gt;He confided in me recently that his doctor told him that if he could get it down to say 2-4 drinks a day he would basically leave him alone...Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself and misrepresented my impairment to others...You weren't privy to what the doctor *actually said*.  ..What's the possibility and probability that your friend lied or misrepresented to you what actually transpired?..Can anyone here assess if that's a  responsible doctor ?
I mentioned to two different doctors that I was concerned about my drinking levels and even told them how much I was drinking and all they did was put a note in their files about it. Neither one ever suggested I seek help or consider cutting back. Neither one ever asked me directly if I thought I had a problem. Sigh.
