-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gdvjb/my_relapse/

I knew I had to quit.  My whole life was falling apart.    February 28th 2011 I did it.  I quit drinking.  March 4th was the first time I felt well enough to get out of the house and I went to my first AA meeting.  I found support and a room of people just like me.  Even though I didn't want to admit it at the time in fact I spent a lot of time judging others and thinking about how I was different(better)... For almost 3 months I didn't have a single sip of alcohol.  In that time a lot of good things started to happen for me and I watched alcohol literally kill 2 people in my AA group.  There was no way I was going to drink again.  An old timer in the group gave me a beautiful AA necklace. I wore it everyday. ..My boyfriend at the time had a daughter and I had bought the three of us concert tickets for her birthday about 6 months prior.  My BF tells me "you shouldn't go to the show it will be too temping for you to drink "..JUST LIKE THAT -All of a sudden my alcoholic brain kicks into "Who the hell do you think you are telling me what to do?!  I bought the tickets!!!" "I'm going to that motherfu*&amp;ing concert and I'm GOING to DRINK!" ..But what comes out of my mouth is "oh no worries baby I'm fine"..Next thing I know I'm at the liquor store buying alcohol "for him".  I went to the concert that night and drank in secret (my bf knew but ignored it) and I had a great time...The next morning I woke up and guess what?!  I didn't have a hangover I didn't do anything stupid I felt good...  ..I WAS CURED!!!!!!..So I did what every "non-alcoholic" would do and started drinking at about noon that day. NOT ONCE did my brain say "drinking straight vodka at noon isn't right ". Everything I had heard at all my AA meetings was now out the window... I went to a bar with my friends that night and the next thing I remember is waking up in a hospital bed.  As I opened my eyes I looked around the hospital room and honestly thought "Yep this seems about right" as I had landed myself in the hospital multiple times from drinking.  ..I looked at the table next to me and my AA necklace was sitting in a container they use for urine samples.....Turns out I didn't have a seizure like all the times before.  This time I disappeared from the bar around 8pm and apparently drove around in a blackout until I crashed my car through a fence and into a tree at about 4am in a different city I didn't even know how to get to...I had truly hit rock bottom.  I was hospitalized for 4 days due to my injuries.  After that the urge to drink was even stronger.   I was so ashamed and wanted to disappear.  Every day I woke up and said I wasn't going to drink but most days I was walking to the liquor store by noon.  I didn't have a job or a car anymore. My BF wasn't talking to me.  I felt like ending it all...It wasn't until my court date arrived for my DUI did I actually stop drinking.  The court put me on daily breathalyzers an ankle monitor restitution community service alcohol classes 2 years probabtion etc. I had never been I  trouble in my life and I was terrified but I decided to tackle my problem head on and deal with the mess I created. .. I quit drinking for good on July 22 2011 and my life is now one that I could have never imagined.  I got through all my court stuff am almost though my grad degreegot married to a wonderful sober man and honestly I LOVE MY LIFE! ..I could have saved myself YEARS of trouble had I taken a second to question my alcoholic brain but I didn't.  I just drank assuming it would be like all the other times...Is my life perfect? No!  But will my sobriety necklace ever end up in the piss jar again?! HELL NO!..I will not drink with you today!!!  ...
----------immediate responses--------

What an amazing story! You are an inspiration! Thank you so much for sharing and I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for sharing your inspiration story. I will not drink with you today. 
Great post. So happy for you. A good life never falls out of the sky and hits you in the head you have to work for it. What you have done is a huge accomplishment. Not drinking with you today!
.Amazing post and incredible story. I wish you all the best. I admire you and your courage.
What a great read! I'm on day 574 and I really got a ton out of your post thank you! I will not drink with you today! 
Love the ending. I'm so happy for you
this is amazing you're an inspiration thank you
this is amazing you're an inspiration thank you
Thank you for sharing this post! Sometimes it's hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel but posts like these always help to keep me on track. Congratulations! I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for that story! I will not drink with you today xxx
Thanks for sharing this. I will be happy to not drink with you today. 
This would be a great Saturday Share!  Thanks for sharing! IWDWYT
I identify almost completely with your story (except for the how you are now part and me being a 42 year old man). I was pushed into the program 16 years ago over court stuff. I thought I was better than everyone. That's how I "lived" my life. I built a false shell of confidence and criticized everyone and everything inside and outside of the program to fuel my delusions of grandeur. ...Everywhere I go searching for sobriety now- to meetings or other forums or here- I just keep hearing my story. I used to fight with everything in the Big Book however since I have come back  and all I hear are people telling parts of my story. I almost don't even have to tell it anymore.  ...I haven't got to the good stuff yet but I have faith that it will come now. Just got 3 of the biggest hugs I can remember from 3 old timers. ..Thanks for the inspiration...
Thanks so much for sharing stories like yours are what are helping me for sure. Thank you!
Very inspiring stuff! Thank you for sharing your story!
The goverment can judge and lay out penalties to people who are sick with addiction problems but do NOTHING to tackle the real problem: alcohol itself. I'm not saying we should ban alcohol but prohibition of ads explicit label warnings and public education would come a long way to create a societal mindfulness concerning this dangerous drug. 
Well if that story doesnt prove that any thought of "moderation" for a problem drinker shouldnt be thrown out the window I dont know what story will.   ..Thanks for sharing that fantasy-shattering experience.   IWNDWYT.   
You are a true inspiration
"will my sobriety necklace ever end up in the piss jar again?! HELL NO!"..lol. Those are some words to live by! IWNDWYT.
Awesome post! Thank you
It sometimes feels so hopeless so it's good to hear stories like this. Thank you for sharing. 
Amazing story. It's crazy what the alcoholic brain will do isn't it? You are an inspiration to us all. 
Truly powerful. Thank you.
Thank you for taking time to post this. IWNDWYT.
Amazing! So crazy what our alcoholic brains tell us. So happy for you!
Amazing post. Thanks you :)
Thanks for sharing.  Congratulations as you come up on your year.   
What a powerful story and complete turnaround
