-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ghpk4/i_broke_a_long_standing_habit_today_probably_one/

...and that is lying/hiding my drinking. I always found a way to sneak some booze in; drink when my wife is in the shower out of house at the office etc.. I always do the shopping too so it was very common for me to snag a couple 22oz beers or some wine and throw it in the trunk my car for whenever I wanted/needed it. My wife would catch me on occasion and expressed that out of everything that came along with my abuse that was the one that hurt the most...Well I had to work this weekend at the office just myself. And I had to go grocery shopping this morning. I struggled with the idea of repeating the same pattern when I realized that even though I could get away with it and she'd never know...the thing is **I would know**. And that it would come along with crushing guilt and shame the same that I finally feel like I'm getting free of...So I passed by the booze isle and just kept on going. It's not worth it (it never has been). And I can look my wife in the eye with confidence that I am no longer engaging in those deceitful ways. AND I will get a whole lot more done at the office with a clear head and focus on my work not on the drink!  :)..Very liberating...and humbling...Thank you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great start! I also lied and hid at the end...I did the shopping and would smuggle bottles in. I hated it so much. It was so humiliating and gross. This is seriously the only thing I've lied to my husband in almost 12 years. It is such a weight off when you stop. I still cringe at the thought of it.....I'm cringing as I'm writing this down. Here's to breaking old nasty patterns! I will not drink with you tonight!
Fantastic job. You can also try those stores that allow you to order online and bring your groceries to the car. That way you won't be tempted in the store. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Been there done that. I spent a lot of time in the basement with my secret booze stash. Even when I was in the habit I knew how low it was. 
