-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gwkeo/reacquainting_with_an_old_friend/

Been a lurker here for some time now but feeling for the first time that I really want to post here. Have had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol probably since my very first drink but it's really gotten out of hand in the last several years. I've been dealing with severe depression and self-hatred these past couple years and I naturally thought that my drinking was a way of coping with those feelings...For the past couple months I've been trying to give sobriety a shot maybe getting a day or two here and there but always relapsing because the withdrawals were too much. Well somehow I've managed to make it 4 days sober and it feels incredible and I think I'm beginning to understand this sub. I have all this energy right now and I actually feel positive. It's like I'm beginning to remember what it feels like to be myself again like being reacquainted with an old friend. For so long I thought drinking was a coping method for depression but maybe all it does is make it worse and prolong it...Anyway - I'm not certain how long this period of sobriety will last but I feel genuinely good for the first time in ages and look forward to NOT having my next drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend! 
Glad you are here please keep working to be a sober person you deserve it and so do I you are what keep's me sober and I will do the same for you..Come on back if you need support that's what we are here for....IWNDWYTD!@!!
Glad you're here and feeling great! Remember that feeling when you feel triggered. I'm a HUGE Louise Hay fan not sure if you've heard of her but her book  you can heal your life  has been incredibly helpful for me. She talks about how depression is linked to anger you don't feel like you have a right to have. I've been there. So much anger and I would mask it with drinking. Well I know for me that releasing that anger has helped me tremendously. I won't drink with you today!      
I have a similar experience to what you shared.  I decided to make a promise to myself:  I will start going to meetings more than once a week and if I do screw up I will go to a meeting the next day.   I just hit 8 weeks which is something I never thought achievable.  Best of luck friend.
Alcohol is a depressant and causes depression and anxiety when consuming too much.  I am so glad that you joined the group. .
