-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gz4va/i_almost_want_to_throw_away_three_months_of/

I've been sober for 89 days and it's been great. I have no plans to return to drinking. My wife parents siblings etc. all drink but can handle it way better than me. I can't moderate and I drink to relieve stress which just creates a vicious cycle of anxiety and shame...Tonight I am over my sister's house with my wife and kids and we're hanging out making pizza. My wife and sister are each drinking a cocktail and I have a big bottle of mineral water. In front of me my wife starts talking with my sister about the three things you need to get the holiday spirit the third of which is alcohol but she just said  you know  and I said  what you mean alcohol?  And she sheepishly answered  yeah.  It made me so pissed off and made me feel so small and self-conscious. I've struggled my whole life with trying to feel normal and sometimes it can be hard as a non-drinker. Up to now I've been fine being around people drinking but having it pointed out to me in that way just really hurt. I almost want to just start drinking again just to hurt her back and make her feel guilty...I am just so upset right now. Everyone has been so supportive and it just feels like such a punch to the gut to hear that from my wife even though she didn't mean it that way. I feel like in this moment she deserves the mess that I felt like I was when I was drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

I kinda think that showing her how wrong she is by not drinking is more spiteful. I'm sorry she upset you I think a lot of people just reflexively joke about drinking without thinking about it.
Have you ever heard of Byron Katie and questioning your thoughts? Believing your stressful thoughts? Especially when it comes to what people say to us? Doing 'The Work'? This would be a PERFECT opportunity for one of those worksheets. Write down every single thing you're feeling about your wife right now. Be as judgemental as possible. She has them on her website if you google it - but check out one of her YouTube videos like 'He Won't Forget The Past'. I won't drink with you tonight! I promise you 100% you will be amazed and feel 10000x better :)
You saw a thing in your life that wasn't right and you took steps to fix it.   ..You know how hard that is? To see the thing wrong in your own character and then admit it needs to change. Especially since its alcohol where getting shit faced is normal. TO STILL say it's not okay and take steps to change it is huge. It takes guts and a sense of self awareness most never have. You aren't lesser.  
"play it forward" works for situations other than drinking too. Sometimes my wife will trigger me and I'll reflexively want to shoot back and usually I do then she gets defensive and then we end up fighting. But sometimes I'll play that forward skip the fight then tell her later what happened how what she said affected me in a non-blaming kind of way. Then she listens to me I feel heard she feels like she understand me a little better and we get +1 relationship points. 
When I was drinking I know that I said things that hurt the people closest to me...Communication is so important. Perhaps tomorrow when alcohol isn't in the picture you can calmly discuss how you're feeling...
&gt;I almost want to just start drinking again just to hurt her back and make her feel guilty..."Resentment is the poison I drink hoping the other person dies" ..Sorry to hear about your experience...When things don't go the "way I want them to go" I have choices...I can choose to get angry resentful spiteful.  ..Then I'm in an ill temper.  My blood pressure rises my pulse accelerates.  I may pout.  I could throw a tantrum start arguments or fights...Or I could choose otherwise. ..I could notice "I don't *like* this".  And then I can choose to accept it tolerate it or remove myself from it...Frankly I quit drinking to reduce and eliminate drama and chaos...What do you choose for yourself?
She deserves to hear you share the mess you felt at that moment how you are trying to change that way of thinking and it made you feel like you were in a lonely reality. Share with her. It's okay to feel hurt. She probably wants to be on your side and sharing will help her understand better and do that better.
You have every right to be pissed off. It was so inconsiderate it almost sounds passive-aggressive. But don't throw away your sobriety because of it. I would confront her and ask her why but drinking over it could have terrible consequences...Good luck. I know how you feel.
I understand what you're going through. During Thanksgiving my sister had a bottle of wine and she moved it w Ross the table away from me and gave me a dirty look. And instantly I'm got mad and thought of drinking to get back at her I called my sponsor and he calmed me down. 
Ouch! That is tough. The best advice I can give is to tell her how it made you feel she might not realize how that comment would have sounded to you. Making her feel guilty out of spite will definitely create more problems. Good luck!..I will not drink with you today.
A good conversation w the wife at another time to sort through these feelings is the best here. When you wake up sober tomorrow you will thank yourself..Be well
The thing is drinking will ultimately hurt *you* more than it will hurt her. When I dated an active alcoholic I got to the point of numbness and not caring and actually wound up leaving him over it. I actually have a completely different read on the interaction which was that she didn't want to "trigger" you and was half way through a silly thoughtless sentence she's likely heard and said 1000 x and then was like "ooooo dang. I'm about to say something hurtful." .She's your wife for a reason. She chose you. She's loved you through (I assume) problem drinking and she still loves you. Just as you forgive yourself for your slips you gotta forgive others. Your sobriety is *yours* to manage. You're in charge. You can choose to get upset and triggered and slip and relapse and reset and start over OR you can be like "one more mine avoided. Sobriety safe." 
You can't control what your wife says but you can control how it makes you feel.  This was a hard lesson for me to learn.   I would tell my therapist about things my husband would say that would just ruin the rest of my day.  He asked me why do you let other people control my emotions?  That really helped me.  That gave me control of my situation.  I  realized i can't control what people say but i sure as hell can learn to control how I  react to what others say and how it makes me feel.  That I'm not going to give others the power to control my emotions.  Congrats on staying sober through that.  
Sorry...that fucking sucks. Your wife said something childish. I'm sure she was just trying to be "funny". Maybe there is something about you quitting that makes her feel uncomfortable. I'd try and have an open conversation about it. It is hard for the other spouse when one stops drinking especially if it's something they did together. My husband is very glad I quit but we talk about how he misses drinking with me. We had fun years ago  before it became a problem for me. .Change is hard for everyone. Good luck. I will to drink with you tonight.
