-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h4gds/planning_a_relapse/

Every January I have to take a week-long work trip when I am totally on my own. I want to admit that I have been actively planning to relapse during that week even as I have been striving to get sober. But I just decided I better get those fucking nonsense thoughts out of my head right here and now. ..From January 6-13 (and all the days before then too) I won't be drinking with you. It's going to be tough but that's okay. ..Edit: thank you all for all of this support and advice. It astounds me how wonderful this place and its members are.
----------immediate responses--------

It's said that a relapse happens well before a drink is actually taken. Good on you for spotting it.
As I go longer the relapse thoughts are fewer and less intense. One day at a time that's all we have to do...Congrats on 42 days!
[removed]
The feeling of victory and relief after powering through a temptation like this lasts a shit load longer than a week of drinking by yourself. Besides I am willing to bet and call me crazy here that it'll be the same shit it always has been.
Yep! I agree...better to deal with these thoughts now...take away their power. I have pictured drinking recently and it didn't look fun. It looked anxiety and panic filled because I have truly admitted to myself that it is catastrophic for me. I can't un-know that now. You have 6 weeks...it will be over 10 by then....keep it up! 
As they say in the army *Proper Planning and Preparation Prevents Piss-Poor Performance* so well done you!..I think taking it one day at a time (*today*) is the key - you can worry about January when it gets here; and in any case you won't be alone 'cos you'll have us lot in your pocket 24/7!..Congrats on your lovely 42 badge Annie IWNDWYT!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
This. For me this was the golden ticket to getting sober - figuring out that 1) I *did* plan relapses and at first unconsciously well beforehand and 2) that I could successfully shortwire the process as long as I kept asking that question. All the upvotes.
[deleted]
Well done Annie. Well done! The first part of this is part of my history. The second part is part of my future. You re doing good :-)
I'm getting married August 16th 2018. Whole family of alocholics nervous about me "planning a relapse" as well... gonna ride it out. I believe in ya Annie!
Today is all that matters......IWNDWYTD!
I relate to this SO MUCH. Thank you for sharing and I will not be drinking with you!
Target locked! You're like a time-traveling sniper. This is righteous and amazing. ..As u/roadrunnah says this is going to be such a formative odyssey--going to go down into your bones as a whole new level of self knowledge and power and freedom. Seriously impressed. &lt;3!!!
Fight! You can do it! Start to plan how you can spend your down time: films cultural evemts restaurants golf gym sleep etc. Write it out. Put it on your calendar. Follow it! You will have a ton of fun planning it too! Good luck! I won't be drinking with you today!
AnnieNotAnnabelle you can do it! I am sure you have strategies in mind and will visit us often during those days.
I've done 2 planned relapses.     First and foremost there was hardly any fun.   Second there was depression fatigue and self loathing.   Third I saw the drinking cycle starting again.    Not much was different except I was able to let the disgust jolt me out of the cycle...All in all I rate it zero out of 5 stars would not buy this load of bullshit again.
I just got in an auto accident last night that really upset me. First time in a while I craved a drink or 4 to forget the evening. I ranted to my GF about "just wanting a damn drink" and got mad at the world. It greatly deflated the desire and then she fed me comfort food and zoned out on TV. This morning despite the situation still sucking I am very grateful to be sober. You will too. You can do this! 
My notifications for Reddit just pushed through all at once Hahahaha. My phone was buzzing like it is full of bees...Thank you all SO MUCH.
Planning your relapse is a tool and you are using it.  Your guard is up. Its when you let your guard down that you get trouble.  Stay strong.  Good luck to you!
Congrats on 42 Days! That is HUGE! And I just go day to day even when I think I may have my own relapse on some foggy horizon. Good luck to you. I will not drink with you tonight.
You should come here and make a post each of those days we'll be here to help you through. 
You got this! Been there. Take it one day at a time.
