-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h4nw7/starting_again/

My 7 months sober were wonderful. Im not sure why I started again but I did. I haven't made an ass of myself this time not like what brought me to sobriety to begin with. However I hate that I'm such a slave to the bottle. I can't say no after Ive had enough 1 or 2 is just not a thing for me. I hate that I feel like by giving up alcohl Ill somehow be missing out. I hate that I can't just put it away and be ok with that. ..My boyfriend though supportive - admits he doesn't get why I can't stop once I start. I'm going to try meetings again and tonight he is supposed to come with me for an open one. I'm terrified. I want him to understand or at least see how many others struggle this way - but I'm afraid for him to see me at my most vulnerable. Advice? Has anyone else brought a SO to a meeting &amp; how did it go?..Glad to be back here. Everyone in this sub has always been so kind  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Was it his idea to come to the meeting or yours?
I can't say I've been to a meeting with an SO but perhaps it would help if your boyfriend could understand that addictive behavior by definition is difficult to break.   A person with an addiction don't derive pleasure from the addictive activity or substance yet they still encounter great difficulty in stopping the bad behavior.    ..Analogously a compulsive gambler might think it's a terrible idea to bet his child's college education on a hand of blackjack yet he does it anyway.  You and me might think that idea is ludicrous and would never do it.   The gambler might say that drinking a quart of whisky is bizarre and he would never do it.       ..Alcohol is especially problematic because not only does it give a temporary chemical "reward" to the brain but also because it so readily permeates every day life.   It can become a part of any and all activities and easily can become the dominant force in a person's life.   As you said alcohol somehow has convinced you that without it you will me "missing out."    (That's untrue by the way ha.)..if it were so easy to quit alcohol. there would be no AA no drunk driving no alcohol related deaths etc.!..Hope that helps and that you and your SO have a very good meeting!   IWNDWYT
First off thanks for posting! Reading people with same/similar stories is super helpful for me and hopefully for you as well. I completely understand the "not stopping at 1 or 2" thing I'm exactly the same. 0-100 until all the booze is gone. .Not exactly the same but I went with an ex- girlfriend to her NA meeting a couple years ago. She'd been clean a couple years before we started dating but still went to meetings on occasion. As the SO I found it kind of interesting and informative. I wouldn't say ground breaking but valuable and it meant a lot to her. Sooo... That probably doesn't help at all except to say I feel like he should be happy to go so he could get a little insight but at the very least to support you. Good luck and let me know if you have any questions!
