-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h5fe6/post_pink_cloud/

Hey everyone. This is my first time posting here. I want to start by saying thank you to all of you. This community provided me with the motivation to finally get sober and has already saved me many times from relapse during some dark days. I'm about halfway through my second month of sobriety after spending about 10 years as an almost daily drinker. I am finding the second month to be much more difficult than the first. Can any of you share some advice or experiences about how you dealt with the boredom and fatigue of the post pink cloud? Thanks and of course with this being my inaugural post I Will Not Drink With You Today!  
----------immediate responses--------

I used to have hobbies. I actually did things. I went and joined interest groups worked out playing a fun sport and then felt amazing afterwards...I made things. I would do art programming woodwork whatever...I don't do those things anymore. I want to learn how to do them again.
Following for tips Pink Cloud got me wayyyy too confident
I didn't really get a pink cloud to be honest. It was more like waking up from being asleep for the past twenty five years and staring in horror at the life that surrounded me  - oh and getting my emotions back was fun too. What helped with the boredom and fatigue - for me at least - was (a) accepting it (b) allowing myself to feel the boredom and fatigue (c) joined the gym as a way of making self care a priority and built it into my routine (d) went to a ton of aa meetings in the first 90 days partly from boredom partly to meet sober people partly to try and rewire everything - it can fulfill as many or as few purposes as you need (e) sorted myself out with some therapy to address the underlying issues that inevitably surface when you stop drinking (f) learnt to play slide guitar (g) read a load of books on recovery (h) found some SMART meetings  --  To be honest on the fatigue there's not too much more you can do other than accept it embrace it and keep yourself well fed and watered. It will pass.
I know what you mean about fighting boredom etc.   Ultimately at a previous attempt at sobriety it was around "60" days that I started to get the hankering for "moderation" partly because I had a lot of free time and boredom was setting in.   ..So first things first ha don't duplicate my mistake and the mistake a lot of people here made.  Moderation is not an option.  All it will be is a stepping stone (more like a bobsled track) to your former behavior.   ..At SMART I am learning to lead a balanced life.   It's the final part of the program.   A balanced life is one where there is no completely dominant force in my life.  (Previously it was alcohol.)  ..This link can explain things better than I can ha.  http://blog.smartrecovery.org/2016/02/09/what-does-it-mean-to-lead-a-balanced-life/..I have started new hobbies.  I read a lot more than I did when I drank.   I plan for the future whereas when I drank I just went day to day.  I exercise a lot more.  I am trying to find what's most important to me.    ..Plus it's vital to do something that you really enjoy!  
I didn't have the pink cloud thing either. I just kept myself distracted as much as possible. I am also in college (work full time plus as well) and I took an extra class. Believe me 4 classes and work kept my distracted. And it helped. I am now working on building in self care. It is time. Fatigue....it is what it is I guess. I have heard others say that for them somewhere around the 6 month period it got better. Which seems like forever but for me considering my body has to undergo a complete cell regeneration from 30 years of drinking I understand. Congrats on 44 days and surviving your first post!!! 
