-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h5o46/a_year_ago_today_i_started_this_damn_throwaway/

Which has since become my primary. I was about a week out of a week-long medical detox and two weeks sober off a cosmically comical nasty rockbottom relapse...I didn't post here at first though. I posted to /r/SuicideWatch for a few days. My life had been obliterated though the fallout would take a few months to hit. ..My life is still pretty shit today. But I've learned to be happy in it. I have more challenges ahead than I can count. But I am very happy to be alive on my cakeday.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 379 days! ..Sending you every good vibe for good things to come your way and soon.
Throwaways unite!
Hey awesome job!  And if you're happy in your life then dude it is not shit.  Keep on keeping on.
Starting mine today. 
Is cakeday your birthday or your anniversary of starting on Reddit?  I agree that if you are happy in your life then it is not shit.  Hope the turnaround and rising continues for you.
Huge congratulations to you!!
Good for you! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats! Amazing how much worse alcohol can make your life. You're still here and getting better! 
I'm very happy to hear about your success!  You're doing great. What a difference a year can make. Way to go!  You should be proud of yourself. 
My life is still pretty shit too family and financially speaking. I'm broke and behind. So fucking behind. I'll trade a period of late payments over giving up. ..Being used to just living through things being shitty is really the way to go. Booze just makes it worse. And more expensive...But I've had worse credit for longer. I managed to learn a new trade (programming) and get a new job. I won't have to eat crow or work for peanuts for too long. ..I grew up with housing and financial insecurity on my single parent's part. It has pervaded my entire adult life. securing a real career will help me secure my basal insecurities...And I just have to suck it up. And I will. And it's awful but it could be worse...I won't drink with you today.
I am happy you are alive too my new internet friend. I feel like I've seen your user name around. I agree with your other commenters that if you are happy in your life it isn't shit. It seems to me you have found a work around for the shit to make it more palatable if you will. Some of my shit I don't even recognize as shit anymore I've gotten so good at turd polishing. Things are what they are. At this point in my life I am quite happy with things as they are. I don't have to work as hard as I used to fuck I don't even have to work anymore really. I help other people polish *their* turds now. I figure I will be dead inside of the next 10 years so there's that. Shit maybe 5 even. I don't get to design the end only the during as I will never commit suicide ever. For 40 years I lived 6 blocks from the #3 suicide bridge in America. 420 people plus dead on that fucker. 3 good friends 5 more aquatinted to my life. Just so sad to me. Please take care of yourself.
Congrats! Great work!
you are an inspiration and your journey is nothing short of amazing. Be proud of yourself!!!
What ever the circumstances your life is better sober. No matter what being drunk would make your life infinitely worse. Keep on keeping on.
Happy cakeday.  And happy belated sober circle around the sun!  
Happy cakeday! IWNDWYT 
Congrats
Well done you are a brave PERSON.
I hope your life gets better. It's amazing that despite having a difficult time you're still sober. Keep it up you're an inspiration for a serial badge resetter 
Congratulations. One step at a time. I'm happy you are alive too :)
Fantastic!
