-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h79n4/august_1st_seems_so_long_ago_pics/

For many years now I've struggled with depression. When it manifests itself nowadays I no longer turn to the bottle - instead I turn to the gym! Not gonna lie it's not a total cure-all but it sure eases the sadness when I look in the mirror and compare my appearance to what it was a few months ago..For a couple years I had worked at a bar and maintained a shitty diet of 3 beers per shift accompanied with bar food and finished off with a dessert of more booze at home. .I finally moved and got a professional job in May and kept the drinking habit going and didn't even show up to work sober until 2 months in. After those two miserable months of waking up and having a breakfast of vodka and White Castle I finally faced the daunting task of cutting myself off on August 1st...As everyone else says it definitely does get easier with time. Now every time I have conversations with people I am so proud of myself as before I had this idea that I couldn't be social or confident without booze (and the tremors/anxiety I had from withdrawing seemed to be proof of that preconceived notion). I think back to those first days in August when I was going through withdrawal and the lifestyle I live now seemed completely unattainable/not worth the struggle. ..Every morning I logged on to this sub to check in with everyone else and I can't tell you all how comforting it was to know that I'm not alone. I remember trembling at my cubicle itching to go to the liquor store feeling like I was about to jump out of my skin. Someone on here talked to me in that moment and I instead hopped in my car for a salad for lunch. There were so many tears. There were so many days when I just wanted to crawl back into my comforting hole of addiction...So here we are now beginning of December. Four full months since beating this horrific addiction and a full thirty pounds down. Today when looking at my photos from before I almost couldn't believe it. I can say with confidence to you all this IS possible and so worth it. My confidence is climbing every day and I can't tell you how great it feels to know that my brain has leveled out to a point where every day isn't a struggle anymore. Thank you r/stopdrinking and all of the wonderful encouraging people here. I hope that in sharing my story and pics I can give back and contribute my own sort of encouragement to those who are still in the beginning of their journeys...I know I still have miles to go as far as my journey but I love seeing the progress I've made so far. ..Check it: .https://imgur.com/LsIt99v ..[edit: formatting]
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; My confidence is climbing every day and I can't tell you how great it feels to know that my brain has leveled out to a point where every day isn't a struggle anymore. ..You look awesome -- but your story is better! Congratulations on your commitment and discipline. And on allowing yourself to own and celebrate the victories.
I am excited for you .Congratulations on your new life! :) ..IWDWYT! 
Vodka and White Castle for breakfast. Wild times...Congrats on your progress.
u rock girl
You're looking good! Congrads!
.&gt; I remember trembling at my cubicle itching to go to the liquor store feeling like I was about to jump out of my skin...This is so real it gives me the chills. Never want to go back. You've done a great job! I won't drink with you today.
Congrats!! You look great!
You are glowing in health.  Thank you for sharing your triumphs!  It helps me!!
You look great! 
Not gonna lie made me tear up just barely. Congratulations great job good luck thank you for sharing and iwndwyt!
You look amazing! Love your story thanks for sharing! 
Congrats and thanks for the motivation  
Top top work! Thanks for sharing. Xx
Good for you!  You look great!  
Awesome! Congrats on all the progress!
You look like you discovered the Fountain of Youth.  Way to go!
That's a superb effort!
Congrats...Just a reminder that some asshole websites have stolen pics from here. Put a watermark on the pics so that can't be stolen! 
That sparkle in your eye The glow of life radiating from you is impressive you go girl!!!..IWNDWYTD! 
You look awesome! So bright and alive. Congrats on 4 months! 
Well Done. Keep up the good work.
Awesome! You look great! 
Thank you for sharing your story yours and the others in this group are inspiring me to stop drinking. 
You look great!!! Inspiring story. Thanks for sharing!
Yeah! Good for you! Sobriety looks great on you. :) .I will not drink with you today.
Way to go! You look amazing!
Congrats girl!!!
