-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h8zod/10_weeks_sober_and_i_bought_a_bottle_of_cheap/

I'm struggling with the idea of drinking tonight.  Haven't opened the bottle yet.  Though the urge is very strong and I can probably justify it to myself by believing my own inner deception. ..My girlfriend and I have been having ups and downs since I got sober. (Involved a trip to the hospital for detox and depression leading to being put on a librium taper) ..A few weeks ago I made the mistake of looking through my girlfriend's phone.  Discovered something that really upset me regarding her and another male "friend". I've dropped several hints that I know about something  but she hasn't confessed anything.  I'm exhausted from holding on to the rage resentment bitterness  and depression.  I love her and I want to forgive.  ..I don't want the stress involved with a relapse.  It worries me.  If I start drinking again I won't be long for this world.  
----------immediate responses--------

Is there some other vice you can indulge rather than drinking? We've all been there - it's the moments when you reach for the bottle automatically that are the worst. Vast quantities of candy? Chocolate? Ice cream? Frankly anything but drinking. Sorry you're going through this - it sounds like no fun whatsoever.  IWNDWYT.
Pour that down the drain Have a talk with your GF be honest move on.....IWNDWYTD!
Sounds like you've been through the ringer already.  Detox is serious.  I wish you the best in staying away from that bottle.  Your last sentence says it all.  You know what it means to pick up a drink.  Wherever you are I'm pulling for you tonight.  
Alcohol won't improve or fix anything. Navigating a relationship takes a clear head and close connection with your emotions. I won't drink with you today.
With the feelings you are dealing with I definitely don't think it would help if you added alcohol to the mix. I hope you can pour the bottle down the sink maybe take yourself off somewhere to clear your head a bit. Best of luck to you!
No no no... tip it out!!! Its a fake happiness. U ll regret it tomorrow.. think about tomorrow as a new fresh day with clear thoughts and power!!! .Or if u drink it hangover shame weakness unclear thoughts junk food... no power... .Stay away from that bottle.. .i wont drink with you tonight! 
Yeah and for sure talk to her. Dont keep it inside. Maybe there will be some explanation. 
If you are angry and disappointed with *someone else* don't make the mistake of hurting *yourself* in the name of punishing the other person. It doesn't work that way. ..I have wasted years "believing my own inner deception" (as you say). It hasn't gotten me anywhere good. If holding on to "rage resentment bitterness and depression" is making you exhausted then do your best to open your hands and let them go. Why beat around the bush? If you truly want to forgive then find a way to work towards that. Honesty is a good first step towards forgiveness and moving on - whatever form that ends up taking...&gt; I don't want the stress involved with a relapse...Me neither!
If it was me drinking the bourbon would not put out the fire of being pissed at the girlfriend.  As much as I thought it did booze never made me smarter. One of the reasons I don't pick up now is the memory of detox. Think about those days before you pull the cork..Good job on 10 weeks. 
Think of it this way: do you want to be a 10 week sober Fuckwaddickeater or a drunk and zero days sober Fuckwaddickeater? I would think that if you have been strong enough to get thru life with a name like Fuckwaddickeater then you're strong enough to pour that puppy down the sink. It's poison - for your body for your mind for your emotions. Be the Fuckwaddickeater you always wanted to be! I will not drink with you today Mr. Fuckwaddickeater (but I will covet your name!) Good luck. But pour that shit down the sink NOW. Just do it. Right now. Don't smell it. Don't have a swig to "remind yourself how bad it tastes". Just pour it out.
Talked with her. It was not easy to bring up but she was fully aware that something was wrong. I decided to be honest about my feelings and she was very receptive and honest in return.  ..Still haven't drank. I'm feeling much better after speaking with her about everything.  I'm not angry anymore.  In fact I love her more today than ever before. ..I appreciate this little community here.  It helped me just putting my thoughts out there  receiving much needed feedback in return.  A big hearty thanks for everyone here.  I'm not going to drink with you guys today.  
