-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h9nx2/20_year_old_student_im_another_person_when_i_drink/

I posted once here before back in May if I remember correctly after a pretty horrendous night of drinking and declared I wanted to stop. I had wonderful support from you all but less than a week later I was out drinking again..I've never been the kind of drinker where I need alcohol regularly I can go weeks or months without drinking it at all. I'm the kind of drinker who when she starts drinking- she doesn't stop...I'm 20 and at university and I really think I'm on my last chance with all of this. As in I really think I'm starting to ruin my life with my behaviour. I like to think in my day to day life in a nice person. I try really hard to make others happy and to be happy myself though I struggled with depression. But when I drink maybe I show my true colours? I say things that are inappropriate or rude. I physically hurt myself or put myself in dangerous situations. (Ie. 20 year old woman once drunkenly tried to hitch hike alone down a road at 2am in London just because.) I do embarrassing things too like wee in the street or act aggressive to people because I think it's funny at the time. Worst of all these are only the things I can remember or have been told. I regularly experience complete black outs when I drink. Last Friday I can remember about two hours worth of an 8 hour drinking session with my friends. I woke up with cuts on my body drunk texts to a guy I like vomit in my toilet and a temporary ban from my university bar...I really really do not want to be this person. I feel so ashamed and disappointed and guilty within myself. If this was a friend of mine doing this I would feel worried if it was a stranger I would be embarrassed for them. I feel hopeless because I feel powerless to not get into this state. So many of my friends drink so many university events revolve around alcohol. The 40% of the time where I get  good drunk  I have a really great time. Though I know that isn't worth it now...I'm not sure what I'm looking for from this page. Empathy a talking to someone who just gets it. I don't want to be this idiot anymore. I'm sick and tired of feeling this way. I'm so done with losing friends and hurting people I care about and hurting myself. I'm so done with spending a whole day in bed the morning after trying to remember what happened and sending out apology texts..I want to fix what I can with the people I love and stop myself from going down a self destructive path. I'm ready to take responsibility for this. I know I'm the one choosing to drink and let myself get this out of control...If anyone has any advice or thoughts to share I could really use it right now. I feel very alone and lost and angry at my self pity. ..Thank you 
----------immediate responses--------

When I drank i drank too much and stupid dangerous regrettable things happened...I tried but never could consistently drink "normally"  drinking was not fun after a while and if I had stopped at twenty my life would have been better.  I didn't and hanging on to drinking was not worth it .. zero is actually quite easy.  One or two are impossible.
yikes...this sounds so much like me. Granted I'm a decade older and male but you know. ..I can't say for sure what it is that makes us do those kinds of things. I guess maybe it's a huge case of the "fuck-its". I'm a pretty quiet person and I kind of let it all out when I drink sometimes so maybe it's a little repressed emotion. It's the ultimate inability to delay gratification mixed in with bizarre behavior. I just do whatever the F*$&amp; comes to mind...Again I'm like you in that I didn't drink daily at first. Didn't get obliterated every time I drank. But I never knew if I was going to have one or twelve in any given night if I picked up. I did terrible and embarrassing things while drunk. Some shameful some dangerous. But I kept on going with it. Maybe occasionally made a serious attempt to cut back or stop but not often and not for long...It's late here so I'll say a couple things to wrap up:..Congratulations and good for you for making a change at your age. ..It might feel like it's unfair to have to stop so early and not get to ruin more of your twenties...lol. But you won't miss out on anything I promise. You'll remember more and have a good time and learn to function without intoxicants. It's an important skillset. You get to be sober and it's a great gift most of the time (it can also be work but that's life)..people like us who binge are different. Everyone has something at stake. But when we drink we can easily do years worth of damage in a night. Between social disasters driving when we shouldn't dangerous/risky situations and generally making really poor decisions the stakes are really high for us. It just isn't worth it. It only takes one time to lose a friend kill someone driving get an STD go to jail etc etc...Ok I wish you luck. I'm sorry you feel lonely. The shame goes away. People move on. It's an age where people are forgiving of drunken stupidity and England is pretty accepting of the occasional overindulgence compared to a lot of other places in the world. It could always be so much worse....
First of all you're brave for admitting this all to yourself even more so to others. I wish I'd seen the problem when I was 20 but everyone else was doing the same. It also shows real maturity and intelligence. ..I can say I've done almost exactly all the things your describing not hitch hiking but walking home and getting lost because I was so drunk. I'm 27 F now and was still doing crap like that so if it's already an issue it's probably not going to get better. Don't do what I did and continue this for another 7 years...Blacking out and doing embarassing things makes everyone feel awful don't let the shame spiral trick you into drinking to feel better it doesn't work. It's fixable you have to forgive yourself as well even if a few of your friends don't and strive to do better...Why not try stopping with us for 30 days? I'm only on day 6 now so you wouldn't be far behind!!..I will not be drinking today and I hope you will not be drinking with me!
Im 20 as well but I'm in the US so it's a little different. It's still hard admitting you have a problem when 99% of your friends are getting fucked up regularly. I moved to a town where I didn't know hardly anyone to try to start over and its going well so far. Good luck!
