-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hbpn3/how_many_times_did_you_relapse_before_you_stayed/

Went 3 consecutive weeks sober and then gave myself a stupid excuse to drink last night and relapsed. Had 13 beers. (Resetting my badge) It's not worth it anymore to drink!!!! .next time I'll be better prepared.
----------immediate responses--------

Try not to compare yourself with others this isn't a beauty pageant. What's done is done and now you can learn from your relapse experience.
at least a dozen times
LOL. I don't think you want know! Comparison is the thief of joy my dear! 
Plenty of times. What you said:.&gt;next time I'll be better prepared...It's true. I find I'm learning a lot each time so in a sense each relapse  gets a little bit easier. I won't drink with you today.
I was never serious about quitting so counting relapses is difficult. I tried moderating my drinking or cutting back dozens of times over the years. I failed at that every time. ..This past January I decided to get serious about quitting. It took four tries to get a one-month streak going. That has turned into my current 211 days. 
Once but it was a doozy. 60 days of constant drinking and behaving like an idiot...It was a professional level relapse a pro relapse...A Prolapse and my inner ass hole came out to meet the world...lol...That one did the trick. After I came out of it I stayed sober. 
I can't even count really. I went through rehabs seizures hospitals and jail and nothing worked.  What did work was to make a New Year's resolution and...come on THIS SUB!  Keep in mind that getting sober is a process and you will do fine as long as you keep trying.
zero. stopped due stress related health issues not addiction.
Considering I used to swear every single morning that I wouldn't drink that day I'd say millions.
Countless times. It wasn't until I came to this simple realization was I able to quit for good: **Moderation is an illusion and alcohol cannot be a part of my life whatsoever**.    .Just like people with peanut allergies us alcoholics must avoid booze at all costs. Period. Once I embraced this idea I could quiet the Voice of Addiction that was always able to trick me back into drinking.
W
