-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hnueu/this_sub_inspired_my_first_alternate_account/

I discovered this sub about two weeks ago as I struggled with my drinking.  A few friends have connected with my first account so I made a second for anonymity.  I'll try to brief.  Here's my alcohol story:..I live in the same town I attended college.  It's a large university with a party culture.  Eight years ago I was offered part of the business I helped grow exponentially while I was in college.  The money opportunity and enjoyment of the work was too good to pass up.  I never thought I would be this successful at 35.  The problem: it's hard to leave the college lifestyle of drinking and bar culture while living in a college town.  Most of my friends drink.  I'm surrounded by alcohol at every social gathering.  It's part of our everyday life...My whole life I've been the gregarious class clown.  Alcohol turns me into a beautiful hurricane of laughter and jubilance....and then I keep drinking.  By the time I'm home after social drinks my joyful mood leads me to emptying out my fridge of whatever beer is in there.  That joyful mood then starts to sour.  I ruminate and catasrophize about small life or work irritations that become HUGE problems in my goofy alcohol-soaked brain.  4am rolls around and I'm hammered and upset.  I've seen this scene play out too many times.  Go out.  Have 4-5 drinks.  Happy times.  Go home.  The train keeps on a rollin.  Anger anxiety desperation or a combination of all 3 take hold...I have been alcohol free on 4 occasions for 2 months or more in the past 3 years.  There's not a craving for alcohol.  I'm not physically dependent.  My problem is the one I described above.  I drink because  why not?   What's one drink after work?  4pm post-work Shakes has to talk to hungover tomorrow-at-9am Shakes.  Moderation is only successful 10% of the time.  Luckily for me it's so much easier to not drink at all than to consistently fail at moderation...Can I still be outgoing gregarious and a pleasure to be around without alcohol?  Do I have to be my friend's dancing monkey?  Can I avoid my late afternoon propulsion drinks?..There's too much at stake with my physical health relationships mental health and future.  It's time to get serious make a decision and take massive action.  And you beautiful son of somethings are going to help me through it...I will not drink with you tonight...(Did I do that right?) ;)...
----------immediate responses--------

I was too self-absorbed there to say this community is beautiful.  Positive feedback from strangers sharing a common hurdle.  Lurking here for the past two weeks has been eye-opening and made me come to grips with my relationship with alcohol.  It's also made me realize that an alcohol free life is possible.  Possible because places like this illustrate that struggles triumphs and setbacks are all apart of the journey...Thank you for being you r/stopdrinking.
Welcome! You can do it! I can definitely relate to the  normal' social drinking night out that turns into coming home and finishing whatever alcohol I can find (even if it's not mine)... or turns into buying more on the way home happy buzz turns into sad buzz passing out and waking up with shame/regret and a hangover morning beer or the rest of the whiskey to take the edge off of that... The whole weekend shot from one happy hour. Personally I also agree that it's easier to cut it out than delusional attempts at moderation. IWNDWYT
Hi! I am so glad to meet you! I too am 35 and never thought I'd be this successful either. There was something in that surprise that fueled my drinking for the last few years I'll never really know if I was wanting to celebrate my hard work or drink away the demons that said I didn't deserve it. Or both. But in any case getting sober has transformed so much about the way I see myself and what I have accomplished. ..&gt; Can I avoid my late afternoon propulsion drinks?..If I could give you one beginners tip being so new myself I'd say  avoidance  is a key word there. Make plans find tactics. Strategize. By the time I get to 4pm all my willpower is gone (because I used it in my work). Changing my late afternoon routine has been the biggest help to me. That and SD of course!..I'm glad you're here!
