-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hwg79/1_year_sober/

I made it. It has been a rough ride but AA made it all possible. ..Here's what happened along the way: ..Getting a sponsor intensely reading and dissecting the big book listening at meetings talking at meetings crying in the beginning healing laying out all my bullshit to others and taking others no-nonsense feedback pick up a peculiar girl in AA who turns out to be moderately crazy still start to fall in love feel rejected when she won't acknowledge me as a boyfriend complain to my sponsor that he won't let me do the 4th step right away in front of others do the 4th and 5th step feel weird as fuck the next day but learn a lot about myself and notice real character change take place procrastinate for months until I do step 6 and 7 do steps 6 and 7 and literally vomit into the toilet minutes after asking God to remove my character defects...Breakup and attempt to cut ties with the girl but she still desperately tries to cling on to this day start to understand why you shouldn't 13th step right away try to humble my huge ego by sharing the most embarrassing and painful personal details possible at meetings and in private to others running into a couple of old friends in AA calling my sponsor soft in front of others regret calling him soft as I watch in paranoid horror as I imagine he's revealing all my dirty secrets to others enjoy free meals and hanging out with my sponsor firing my sponsor like a prick cause he was getting too weird and controlling "talking about his soon-to-be-grandsponsers" going a while with no sponsor cause im such a badass white knuckling it and feeling miserable...Start applying for jobs go to a couple job interviews and get shot down jam guitar and drums sober with an AA friend who later tries offering me beer no longer speak with that guy go to a retreat and proceed to have a blast dominating sober basketball among AA friends have to listen to my friend jokingly claim that he dunked on me for months afterwards exorcise some inner demons gain the respect of my parents finding that I am starting to truly love attending meetings...Get accepted into a training program and get the job 4 months later finally filing 5 years of back taxes and making amends with the IRS as a result of needing to pass a background check to get the job started paying off 40k in debt to the IRS with monthly payments still thinking (procrastinating) about negotiating that number down getting a new sponsor firing him because he reminded me too much of myself asking other people to be my sponsor then i cold shoulder them finally finding a sponsor and restarting the steps. ..Chairing meetings traveling all over to find my favorite meetings and go to open talks and conventions practicing stand-up comedy at a crashed wedding anniversary party getting peoples phone numbers then never calling them reading the daily meditations starting to pray again check out church for a while until work eats my Sundays alive dabble into refuge recovery and celebrate recovery talk shit about AA at those other meetings ask for repentance about my shit talking attend a NBA game sober and enjoy it start semi-sponsoring a guy get one year sober experience a fun "birthday" meeting and grab a sweet token lose the token get really fucking pissed off that nobody wants to hang out afterwards to celebrate my one year experience extreme sadness contemplate relapsing book it to a meeting and angrily air out all my resentments like a true dry drunk realize you can still go insane and lose it while stone-cold sober ask for help don't drink or drug do it over again and again thank god. ..All told it's been a good year. I can't wait for year two. Open talks going to prisons picking up a sponsee or two allowing the brain and heart to continue healing strengthen AA bonds. Might even move state and discover new AA territory...Stay strong brothers and sisters! Praise higher power! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!
I really enjoyed reading this - thank you for putting in the effort to write an account that fully captures the overwhelming insanity of early recovery! 
Congratulations!  Hope to be there next year.
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!..You certainly cram a LOT into one year !   ;D.
Way to go!
Congrats 1 year is huge! 
Congratulations. And good for you for cutting off the dude who offered you beer. 
Happy Cakeday and soberversary!
