-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hwtcc/generalized_anxiety_social_anxiety_being_sober/

I basically hit a point where I told myself "fuck it im a piece of shit I might as well just be a piece of shit any ways." Now that I'm trying to be sober with way too many memories of proving to myself what I piece of shit I am... I'm constantly a self loathing piece of shit around other people. I can't even fake not bringing negative energy around wherever I go and even a terrible sort of chatter that's going on in my head. A self loathing lashing out voice now and instant regret of what it feels like I've become...Does anyone relate and have words of wisdom to this sort of inner struggle when stopping a bad streak of alcoholism? It feels like a vicious circle that's holding me really stagnant.
----------immediate responses--------

Try and eat a little bit if you haven't it will slow those thoughts down. A harder but effective thing to do is to go for a walk or get some exercise. Phone someone. Sometimes even a short conversation with another person can bring your mind back to the present.
I totally relate. People tell me "try to treat yourself like you would a good friend" but I know it's easier said than done. I wish I had better advice to share with you but I bet you're not as bad as you always tell yourself you are.     
Yes I can totally relate. Getting some sober time has helped my self-esteem hugely. My own generalised anxiety disorder is also linked to social and health anxiety both of which have improved slowly now I'm not drinking...Something to remember is that it will take a while for your mind to heal. I used alcohol as a coping mechanism so even now if I get a feeling of panic or have an anxiety attack my first thought is about having a drink as that is what my brain has been programmed to go to for so long. But it's just a thought you don't need to act on it...You are healing and it's okay that you feel like shit right now you won't feel that way forever. Every single time you get an urge to drink and don't pick up you get a little bit stronger and that's absolutely something to be proud of...I deal with my racing thoughts in three ways usually:.1. The "childs pose" yoga pose. I get on the mat face down stretch my arms in front of me and stay there breathing deep for as long as I need to. No interruptions i don't try to stop my thoughts i just let it happen..2. Reading. This one is difficult as it's hard to focus when you're freaked out but i usually get the cheesiest most cringey book i can find and i will sit there and read it as fast as i can till my head gets quieter..3. Writing. Get a bit of paper and write down everything that comes into your head. My journal is filled with these weird thoughts that show how fast my panic escalates but just get it out.
Yes I went through this very recently.  It's one of the things that happened to me once I stopped thinking about how much I wanted beer or alcohol.  I feel like it is basically like what my brain probably dealt with before I began drinking pretty regularly.  ..I would say talk to your doctor they could advise you on how to proceed to handling your feelings and thoughts the right way now.
