-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i298y/any_working_moms_out_there_struggle_with_nerves/

Midnight tonight will be the 72 hour mark for me..I have gone through the racing heart sweats inability to sleep shakes...itching...and now I'm just on edge.  Nightly wine usually helps me with that edge when rushing around with two young children. I am not drinking tonight but I swear I'm on edge...Sometimes I find myself asking which is worse? Drinking and remaining calm to have a hangover the next day or staying sober and feeling like the weight of the world is on my shoulders with no break?..I'm still not going to drink. I refuse. I know this will pass...it will get better. My nerves will settle. I keep telling myself it's the lack of my crutch. Once the horrid side effects are gone I'll be ok. ..I'm not drinking today
----------immediate responses--------

Take a hot shower or practice some deep breathing it will pass you're almost past the hardest part. You can do this. IWNDWT 
maybe try some calming homeopathic stuff like valerian root 
Hey that's awesome great work!!! The first few days were the hardest for me for sure so nice one getting past the first few. Just from my experience yes I am way way calmer with my kid nowadays. Judge myself less harshly too. I do lose it sometimes (doesn't everybody?) but even calming down from that happens faster. ..Also just FYI I'm usually strict with TV but I don't think I turned off nick jr for like the first week or two haha figured that was less damaging to my kid than continuing to drink. Best of luck girl we are all here for ya won't drink with you today!
Yes big time. I've struggled with anxiety my whole life and stopping drinking threw it all over the place. I started seeing HUGE improvements on day 5. And then eventually my anxiety and nerves got better than they've EVER been as an adult. Being sober helped me do the work that I needed to do to truly deal with nerves instead of covering them up with alcohol. I started going for long fast walks every day to wear myself out and did things like taking hot baths playing calming music lighting candles and other cheesy shit like that. It's real but it will pass.
I had crippling anxiety which i believed drinking helped.  If i could just have my wine and relax each evening i thought i could just keep going.  But my glass turned to a bottle to two bottles.  And my anxiety just kept getting worse.  How was i to quit the one thing that relaxed me when my anxiety was so bad.  I finally hit the wall and gave sobriety a chance the first week was rough anxiety galore.  Then it started to lift then it slowly started to decrease.  At six months i remember thinking wow my anxiety has gotten so much better!  What i was doing to relax all along(drinking wine) was actually causing most of the problem.  It was a huge realization for me.  I didn't realize at the time that drinking in the evening caused me more anxiety for days afterward.  I can tell you from my own experience it gets way better.  
Yes! It's hard when you feel like you go straight from being "on" with your work and then "on" with your children. It feels natural to want a break and to do something for yourself. ..I too have anxiety and I found that over time drinking was only making it worse and when I got really out of control I'd wake earlier and earlier to sit in my head and beat myself up over my shortcomings--drinking being a big one. So my sleep reallllly began to suffer. And then the next day I needed that break just a little bit more. And so on and so on. ..I agree with he poster who said baths help. Ice cream. Walks and getting outside for even 20 minutes if you can. I always used to use alcohol as my treat but I'm trying to find other ways to give myself a break. Even if it seems like there's not time you'll make it up in the end with all the time you save not nursing a hangover. ..But yeah I totally feel you. And I won't drink with you today. 
You may find a lot to relate to on http://lauramckowen.com !!!
Sometimes I really hate how we're marketed alcohol like we are. Glasses that say  mommy's sippy cup  and onesies that say  I'm the reason mommy drinks . 
