-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i6fph/well_damn_its_been_100_days_a_little_of_what_ive/

Well it's not much spoiler alert. It's gone by pretty quickly and I almost forgot it was coming up. But I have had a couple of insights so I'll throw them out there...I do much better achieving sobriety when I'm achieving other things. Too much focus on sobriety can realllllly make it feel like a slow depriving process. Or should I say too much focus on not drinking. The early days can see all thoughts and focus on just getting through and getting started and that's ok. But I believe we will all benefit from turning our attention to other pursuits...For me sobriety was/is like opening up opportunities. It's good for its own sake but only to a limited degree. So if I'm not seizing those opportunities I'm missing out big time. It's a great foundation to build something great but it isn't really much more than that. Don't get me wrong a house without a foundation is shaky at best....but a foundation without a house is just unrealized potential...Not drinking isn't a punishment. I used to make plans about how I would drink again. I would think about how I might try something new this time. And maybe I will one day. But at the very least first I needed to stop and redirect all that energy and focus and thoughtfulness to something productive...We all do it a little different. There isn't any one right answer. At the same time you probably aren't immune to the major pitfalls and setbacks that are most common...I might be sober but that doesn't guarantee I'm doing it right or optimally at least. I work at a brewery. I occasionally taste beers to see how they came out. It doesn't make me want to drink since I am in work mode and I find the taste less appealing these days. I also occasionally take a sip of my GF's beer if it's something I haven't had. One the one hand we all do it differently and have different struggles....on the other I may be sabotaging things a bit. It hasn't caused a relapse...some would say making it 100 days shows it's fine for me...others would say I haven't made it 100 days **totally** alcohol free. Who knows? I have not had anything close to a full drink and that is my criterion personally. But I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone either lol...Last I think honesty is by far the most important thing to sobriety. Honesty with yourself is the heart of it all I think. I think we all have a little voice in us that is honest about our choices. It's not always in line with what we want right then....but it's there if we listen. Mine was saying I could be so much more alcohol was holding me back it was risky every time I drank I wasn't really going to amount to much unless I made real changes etc. So I finally listened to it and took up the call. It's still there telling me what one of my next steps could be. Telling me to turn off the videogame at 3 AM if I'm going to get enough sleep for work....to go for that jog now before I get too settled in at home...and so on. ..One last note- all the drinking can have a lot of impact on our health. Please get checked up. I have been struggling recently with blood sugar being a little wonky. Accepting this and changing my diet has helped a bunch with sleep and general anxiety. Those damn holiday sweets weren't working for me. Good luck. Take it one day at a time and go do something! Take a workout class write a book take an online course start a business ask for a raise change jobs do something- you won't regret it.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100 days and thanks for sharing an insightful post. 
Congrats I don't know how you do it. That job would have me on the floor and thrown out the door lol.
Well done
A foundation without a house is just unrealized potential.Spot on!      ty for inspiring words.iwndwyt.
way.to.go!
great note and great perspective. everyone's different but I consider your current commitment to definitely be sobriety. ..And I love this: "a house without a foundation is shaky at best....but a foundation without a house is just unrealized potential"
