-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i7hjt/has_anybody_lost_more_weight_than_they_wanted_to/

So I decided to start stopping back on April 1st even though my badge doesn't represent that due to a few very short relapses. Back then I was at 205lbs and have been slowly dropping weight. The low 180's were fine but yesterday the scale was down in the upper 170's which is getting a little light for me. I dont want to keep dropping. I'm not even sure if this is the right sub reddit for this. So if anyone has had this experience what did you do about it?
----------immediate responses--------

Nope. I have the opposite problem. But it took awhile after I stopped drinking for my diet to return to normal. I think I lost weight during the first month but it came back pretty organically.
Im not losing a tonne of weight and Im slightly annoyed by this. But I have been stuffing my face with sugary/salty substitutes for 3 months so... ya. In theory I should be loosing weight because I am consuming WAY fewer calories per day - but its going to take a while before it really starts to show.  Was 240 now 225.  Thats a bowling ball... A whole friggen bowling ball.
If only... ha ha :)..Are you actually underweight I mean for your height age gender? I mean it could be your body is just returning to it's natural size along with other factors. ..A few years ago I stopped eating gluten sugar and dairy (I was already sober). Over the course of a few months to a year I dropped several dress sizes. Then I got into a relationship and dropped even more/looked fairly anorexic but I wasn't -- looking back I was pretty stressed out in that relationship. ..Now I'm a bit more normal weight for me...
So i'm a 27 year old male that got sober at 24 6'1". When i got sober i was a pretty skinny-fat 206lbs. In 7 months i dropped down to 150. When i got sober i decided to also start counting my calories and get more physically active. So for a while i was only eating 1700 calories a day. After i lost 35lbs or so i just started eating whatever i wanted but lost another 20lbs anyways. I've learned a lot more about how my body metabolizes food and what i need to do to sustain or gain weight. It's crazy how much of my metabolism i got back because now just to sustain i need to eat 2500 calories a day. To gain any weight at all i need to eat 3000+. 
/r/stopdrinkingfitness 
It could be normal if you're consuming a net deficit of calories now that you're not drinking calorie ladden booze. However  losing weight without trying always warrants a trip to the doctor if you can manage it as it could be indicative of some pretty nasty health issues. 
I'm 5'11'' and started this journey out at 203. Seeing that # freaked me out. I'm about 168 right now and to be honest I only weigh that much because I started lifting.....You want to really see your body change however start lifting weights. You'll gain muscle mass and probably stop losing weight but holy crap it really changes one's overall physical appearance.
77 days and I've lost 44lbs. 260--&gt;216 still would like to drop 20 or so more. I'd me happy at 195...To maintain be sure to eat three good meals a day. A good mix of protein carbs and fat. Working out can help by building muscle mass. Muscle is denser than fat. 
