-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i8oca/fear_my_worst_enemy/

I fear that I will never be as successful as I was in my former career before I lost it due to drinking...I fear that I will never get back to feeling "normal" again. I'm so tired all the time. It's like I can never get enough sleep...I fear that I will get complacent and deceive myself into thinking I can drink which of course would make life much much worse...I fear that my arrests and alcohol-related disorderly conduct conviction will blacklist me from being hired...I fear that I may have damaged my brain and that I will not be able to succeed in school if I try to advance on another career path...I fear that I'm too old to start over that I have created a situation where I will always struggle but never succeed...I know this post may come across as negative but I need to overcome these fears. There's so much that's great right now. I'm blessed that I still have my spouse. I'm blessed that I have a great support network. I'm blessed that I'm working in a much more professional environment than I have been for the past few months. I'm blessed that I have food to eat a place to sleep and full time employment with benefits...I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholic or not Everyone has fears --especially regarding success...Keep the following in the forefront and deal with anything else that comes *when it happens*...&gt; I'm blessed that I still have my spouse. I'm blessed that I have a great support network. I'm blessed that I'm working in a much more professional environment than I have been for the past few months. I'm blessed that I have food to eat a place to sleep and full time employment with benefits...It will get easier I Promise!.
When I stopped drinking I was able to work on my  Big7 :  fears resentments impatience  intolerance guilt pride and anger...There are tools and methods to reduce and alleviate fear...They've improved my life dramatically!
FEAR = FALSE EVIDENCE APPEARING REAL..IWNDWYT!
Link! Hi! Sending you love! How can you bite off a piece of that fear to show yourself it's okay?
It's mine too.  I break down my goals into tiny attainable ones so they don't look so HUGE     iwndwyt! You can do it
