-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ibccm/i_dont_know_if_i_can_do_it/

Yesterday I posted this in an /r/AskReddit thread:..&gt; I don't think I will ever actually want to get sober for me...&gt;I'll probably relapse again when I complete treatment and I'll continue to repeat this cycle until I give up in about 5-10 years and kill myself...That is where I am today. I know that I am powerless over alcohol and I know that my life has become unmanageable. I am in treatment for the 3^rd time in a year and a half but if anything everything about it is harder this time...I can't find any internal motivation to get sober. My last external motivator left me and it's taking everything in my power not to leave treatment now to get a bottle. ..I know that this disease will kill me and I know that my life is exponentially better when I am sober *but I still want to drink.* I know that I can't 'drink like a gentleman' I just want to drink so I don't feel anything. I'm sick of feeling powerless because I cannot stand it. I drink when I feel powerless because at least then I don't have to feel anything. I'm sick of judging my feelings based on the size of the anxious knot in my stomach. ..I've waited for the miracle to happen but it never happens. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you ever seen a psychiatrist about depression?
I've met people with decades of sobriety that had previously tried and failed countless times to stay sober. This is my 4th earnest attempt at sobriety  and I can't tell you why it seems to have stuck this time around. Keep trying man. It may not seem like it  but you're growing and learning something about yourself every time you get sober.
&gt; I can't find any internal motivation to get sober. ..I actually felt like this much of last year. I didn't have the motivation or the *something* that I needed. It was a horrible feeling. I can't say exactly when that shifted but it did. It took me most of this year to get some sober time under me...To be honest I still want to drink -- but far far less than I did. It's a manageable desire/feeling/thought now. ..If I think too far ahead then this sobriety thing seems too much. I have to focus on today. Even if it means telling my brain well OK one day I can drink but not today. I hope in time this feeling will subside as it once did. From past experience the desire to drink can take years to fully let go.
Each time i relapsed it got worse and the intense anxiety became almost unbearable.  I would not of purposely committed suicide but i truly didn't care if i died and i also realized if i kept drinking the way i did i was going to die.  I've suffered from spells of deep depression also.  I'm on antidepressants and I'm feeling better now then i have in a long time.  My brain chemistry was really screwed up from my heavy drinking and it took about six months for the fog to start to lift.  At a year i felt almost human and now at a year and a half i can go whole days being happy.  I still suffer from depression and anxiety but now i want to live.  
I'm behind you.  I ran into an old friend a while ago who went to a Christian treatment Center it's somewhere here in Canada.  I asked her why she's not religious at all?  She said it's because it was the longest treatment program she could find.  She was there for 5 or 6 months at least.  She needed it that's what it took for her and afterwards she threw herself into school for a psychology degree.  Keeping busy to keep distracted.  Life is better than you can possibly imagine right now I truly hope you find a way to fight through the other side of real sobriety to find it because it's waiting for you at the end of your tunnel.  Blessings      
What scared me once and for all is a ultrasound of my liver. You can request one if your doctor knows that you drink. The ultrasound was one thing my alcoholic brain couldn't argue against.
