-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7icbqk/my_last_4_sponsors/

The first relapsed. The second relapsed. The third told everyone I knew I had a problem with cocaine and alcohol and the fourth said I was being "dishonest" to a family member. Am I so fucked for giving up on the program? Everyone says "hey your just making excuses?" Maybe so I suppose but who cares anymore? Every one is here to judge is all I see. No helping hands. Fuck it.
----------immediate responses--------

You are not making excuses you have just had a run of shitty luck. I like AA but it's not compulsory. Maybe time to try smart or refuge recovery. Therapy is also very good once you start being honest and since you've been in the program a while that shouldn't be a problem. 
While this all may be true be careful that your fuck it attitude doesn't take you back to where it's all the same suffering...Chances are that you stopped boozing went to those meetings and got on here for a reason.  A reason you know deep down in the marrow of your bones...My reason was that intoxicants were taking me to the same dead-end road every time.  I've blown the blow I've drank the drink I've smoked the smoke.  It was the same experience every single time.  And not a fulfilling one.  Pathetic sad substances.  A shortcut to nowhere.  While our lives are short and fleeting being sober gives my vessel an opportunity to become A-OKAY with all of the human dilemmas we face.  It's a beautiful thing...A worthwhile journey has no shortcut and being sober plays right into that.  Feel free to stand up for yourself to those sponsors and ex-sponsors.  Sometimes they do say things that I listen to but don't hear for awhile.  Keep an open mind because in the end an open mind will benefit you and your blood pressure.  When we discriminate we limit ourselves.  At least this is true for me. 
How on earth did it come about that the third sponsor blabbed around your private business (or rumors whatever the case!) like that?? That's ridiculous. Are they just pulling randos off the street at your meeting and telling them hey you're someone's AA sponsor now!   that's terrible. I would be like F*** that noise after that. I like the therapy idea. Could change gears a little bit. 
The whole sponsor thing is overrated 
    ..Keep trying you ARE worth it
