-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ifbu1/reset/

Just wanted to post here to stay honest with myself and on track. I've been sober for 137 days until last night. Yesterday was my dissertation defense which was successful. To celebrate these things the committee always toasts with a glass of champagne which I gladly took. Afterward they all told me to take the bottle and keep celebrating (part of my problem all along is that my department is full of serious enablers). I took it to the grad student offices where my friends were waiting for me and I had a couple more sips of the bottle with them. Then we all went to dinner and I had a glass of wine. To be honest I planned this relapse. I actually intended to have two glasses of wine with dinner but could already feel way more drunk than I wanted to be after one (which would have been unbelievable to the old me). ...How I feel: Obviously nothing can ruin the great happiness and relief I feel after finally getting my PhD but I have to register the alarm I felt last night as when I was so exhausted I could barely keep my eyes open at the end of dinner I thought "I should stop at the store and buy a bottle of wine on the way home." That thought makes no sense! I knew I would just collapse into bed as soon as I walked in the door! But it's such a familiar thought it just cropped up by old habit I guess. I thank god I didn't actually do it. Even after just some champagne and one glass of wine I had my typical experience of waking up in the middle of the night with a dry mouth unable to get back to sleep and now a throbbing morning headache. I hate this feeling and I'm so sad for the old me that just accepted this as a near daily fact of life. More than anything I'm glad for the confirmation of what I've learned over the past four months--I every part of me except my very weakest parts don't want to drink today or any other day.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on getting PhD!!!  I admire your accountability.  ..Not drinking with you today.
I'm a doctoral student currently writing my dissertation as well.I understand the stress and pressure of creating this document while in early recovery. I'm really glad you've decided to get back on track. The days you accrued are by no means a wash. 4 plus months is a great amount of time to recognize the benefits of sobriety..I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing.  As someone who is closing in on 138 days I needed to read this...I will not drink with you today!
[deleted]
Congrats on the PhD defense mate!! ."To be honest I planned this relapse. I actually intended to have two glasses of wine with dinner"."More than anything I'm glad for the confirmation of what I've learned over the past four months--I every part of me except my very weakest parts don't want to drink today or any other day.".I really identify with this post. You planned on having a couple of drinks but you now reject that EtOH is somehow a sacrament of celebration. This is easily forgotten. I find it helpful to refer to a journal where I have documented these lessons to remind myself. ..I will not drink with you during the holidays!  
Congratulations on many levels to you today      iwndwyt
Oh man those drinks were so enjoyable at dinner. let's stop on the way home and pick up some more drinks so we can drink some more when we get home!..Story of my life. I do enjoy grocery stores and the adventure of picking up more booze. It's such a good feeling to venture somewhere and efficiently grab the treasure you seek and bring it home. We just had a fun night and now we're going to continue the adventure!..This is fun in so many aspects as a hunter/gatherer. Still it is incredibly destructive...I definitely emphathize with any of you guys out there who have to fight this battle. The nostalgia only shows us the fun of going out and adventuring but we often forget how badly it destroys us...I have no nostalgia for being hungover..."Remember that time we were stuck inside your mom's house all day because both of us felt like complete shit all day and bowed to never drink again? Wasn't it great."..Nope. But nostalgia will say: "Oh man we went out to the social gathering chatted with a bunch of old friends then you and me went to the store flirted with the cashier picked up a bountiful case of booze to share with one another (Yea for sharing and bringing together good friends) and we laughed and bonded in the warmth of our home..."..Yea nostalgia is a one-sided demon.
