-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ir545/drinker_envy/

I sometimes mention my struggles with living by and being close to my sibling who is also a problem drinker; bad things don't really happen to her generally from drink (as in fights/falls/job loss) but it's taken away all her joy for life and her evenings always involve wine and she knows it makes her a less present mum to my nephew and an angry impatient spouse...She had stopped drinking for around 10 days but has gone back to it sadly. She rang me excitedly about it like a naughty child  I've got wineit's so pretty I couldn't resist'..it affected me and I felt like she wanted me to fail to have her drinking companion back and I considered it for a nanosecond.  I've been keeping my distance since because her starting again and being so happy about it made me feel itchy and on edge for a day.   Well today at lunch we kind of struggled for conversation a bit the excitement of drinking again has clearly subsided a week later.  She said to me ..life's just boring isn't it.. and I couldn't help but really acknowledge that having booze back in her life has given her no happiness at all she was just as irritated if not more so about being bored and joyless as she was when going without booze for the first week.  In a selfish way it solidified further that I am missing out on nothing but shame and sadness.  Craig beck had it right when he said the happiness caused by alcohol comes before taking the drink and is only your addictions excitement to be satiated again...I responded that it can be but it's really about finding what makes you happy and doing that no matter how small.  She said I actually seemed content and it's true - today I am.
----------immediate responses--------

&lt;I felt like she wanted me to fail to have her drinking companion ..As they say misery loves company. Good on you for not falling to peer pressure. It can be very strong but you showed more strength. Keep going you're doing Great! 
You're just about 60!  Nice to see   
&gt;the happiness caused by alcohol comes before taking the drink and is only your addictions excitement to be satiated again...I'm going to be facing some triggers today so I'm going to be carrying this around with me.  Thanks for the ammo!
