-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7iuv8y/joined_sd_1_year_ago_first_time_hitting_2_months/

I think I made it to a month to this but I wasn't like actually "in recovery" looking back at it and I was still smoking pot. after a ton of relapsed and turning into more of a binge drinker/user. I went to detox oct 12-17 then a residential program from Oct 24-nov 10 and i learned a lot there! I'm going to meetings and recovery classes I have a sponsor. this time I am giving myself every bit of help I can get I couldn't do it just on my own. I'm proud of myself but it's still a struggle to stay sober. I'm recognizing my trigger and actually executing an action plan when I am really tempted. Anyone just starting out don't give up and detox/treatment can really give you a great headstart plus tools/methods/support to help you stay sober. I haven't drunk since I turned 28 last month and that's helping me not break this streak as well telling myself well you haven't drunk at all this age yet and I'm hoping to carry this mentality into 2018 but I'm also really starting to really understand this whole "one day at a time" thing which I honestly used to think was kind of dumb! I don't think I have been sober this long since I started smoking pot and popping xans at age 14. Its a new world out here and I would like to stay here (where i am finally in some sort of control)!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story. I believe in you and wish you all the best in your journey to sobriety. I will not drink with you today  
Congrats and making it to 60 days!  Keep up the great work!..Not drinking with you today.
Wow! Good for you 28 year old! You have an entire life still to live. I'm 46 and finally finding my way. I basically drank thru two two-term presidents.  Keep up the good work!!
I just hit 60 a couple days ago. Haven't gone this long without a drink since I was 14. Great job my friend keep it up! I will not drink with you today!
Congrats (whoop! whoop!) on your 60 days!..I didn't even START my 17 year career until I was into my 30's....you've a great start into the rest of your life......and you are YOUNG and will remember it ;)..IWNDWYT
Asking for help was the big change I made when i decided i wanted to stop and its something I continue to do today. I also turned 28 this year. The old guys tell me its a good age to get sober. ..Another key moment for me was realizing that the "answer" isn't in a bottle or a can. I still have thoughts of drinking some of them are very strong. But I know that 1) it won't solve whatever deeper emotion/issue I'm trying to ignore and 2) its simply not the answer i used to think it was..one day at a time.
