-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7iwalc/having_to_face_reality/

It's amazing how there is no escaping from your past.  What you do at a young age follows you for bad or good.  Being the cool kid fighting and selling drugs instead of working hard seemed like a good idea at the time my god I was naive.  Really I was lost rebelling and utterly childish.  I got in trouble for dangerous drink driving at 17 fortunately the gravest offence of attempted ....... was dropped.  I had a good lawyer and my mum was there in court in a wheelchair sobbing uncontrollably which I'm sure I'm sure helped my cause. I know others in the judicial system aren't so fortunate. I went back to school studied hard and got a degree in engineering.  But still 20 years later my poor grades at school and my criminal record follow and hinder me at every turn. I was thinking about retraining and specialising but firstly my criminal record may be a problem and secondly my academic record has a few holes (D's in science).  You might think that an engineering degree would supersede this but in todays competitive market it doesn't why would an employer need to take the risk.  I have a job as a foreign language teacher I don't see it going anywhere it pays the bills everyone is very nice and I live near family and school friends.  Is this it is there not more to life? I'm embarrassed to tell people what  I do I'm nearly 40 and I've been drifting and drinking for the last 2 decades.  I'm apparently good looking (although I'e done my damnedest to destroy my looks) but recently I've struggled to get a date most of my friends are married with kids and careers.  I've tried so many times to get my foot on the career ladder.  I've even been offered some great jobs only for them to be retracted due to my criminal record.  I drank for years because I didn't care anymore I gave up.  I've managed to stop drinking and now I'm starting to think that maybe just maybe I might like another go at a career.  An early assessment looks like I'll be facing the same obstacles and the crushing feelings are flooding back as before.  I should not dream as it only makes me depressed I need to accept that there are no second chances no happy endings i need to learn to be grateful for what I've got. I need to make sobriety and health my success MY EVEREST!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're having to deal with this - I'm sure most of us who aren't feel in some way like we got a lucky escape in some way or other. Lord knows for me there were a multitude of ways my life could have gone seriously pete tong. You seem to have a good handle on it though and the best all of us can ask for is to handle what gets thrown at us with as much grace and dignity as we can muster - and I'd say you're certainly doing that. This internet stranger is certainly proud of you for making sobriety your priority under trying circumstances; we all know how hard that is. I shall hope for better times for you - may they come.
Each morning is an opportunity for a second chance...I use the past as a touchstone to inform my choices and decisions today.  ..Forgiveness is when I accept that the past is as good as it will ever be...I have today.  I can embrace it.  Or not...The only person I need to be better than is myself yesterday...Embrace that Everest!
I get you on the criminal record front in a way.  I probably have to wait longer now to get mine taken care of but I'm not sure I'll ever be able to take certain jobs.  I have way more trouble landing a job than other applicants so I have to put out way more applications... I don't know if the army/navy/airforce is of any interest to you at all I know in Canada they would overlook a long ago record and evaluate you in a different light.  It's a good job with a nice pension after and being of service is a source of pride also you could use your actual job skills and even receive further education.  Not an opinion just a thought.    I'm behind you I believe if you keep searching you will find a good place you enjoy.  Don't let it get you down nothing is truly impossible... even if you find something you weren't looking for I do believe you can find what you *need*. .Iwndwyt
