-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ixc97/so_many_stops_and_starts_so_many_days_of_hating/

I'm 35 years old and I've had a problem with drinking for about 8 years. During that time I've stopped drinking many times. Sometimes it would last a week sometimes a month and the longest was about 3 months. Every time I stopped my mind and body rewarded me: I lost weight my mind felt sharp and I didn't struggle with depression or anxiety. But inevitably I start drinking again. Why? Well I like to drink. I drink when I'm happy I drink when I'm sad I drink to celebrate and I love a good drink with food. But my problem is that I can't just have ONE drink. No never. Not me. Once I start I have trouble stopping. Not only does my drinking make me feel bad physically it makes me sad that I can't drink in moderation. The worst part is that I've had so many "euphonies" that lead me to stop drinking. But eventually they fail. It makes me think that the next time I decide to stop it won't stick...I'm sorry for the long post but I just wanted some bits of advice. I have decided that I need to stop drinking tomorrow. Even though the holidays are coming up and it will be tough I don't want to wait until Jan 1. I am afraid that if I don't do it this time I'll give up trying. So tomorrow I want to start with Day One (again). Here are my five main problems:..1. What do I do on special occasions like birthdays family dinners holiday gatherings? Any advice to avoid the temptation? In the past I've broken my pledge during these times...2. What about dates? What to do if you don't drink but your date does? Drinking has been a huge part of my dating over the years...3. What about making new friends? Do I not go out with them when they drink? Find new friends? ..4. What about bonding with co-workers? A lot of times drinking with co-workers builds camaraderie...5. What to do when you need to unwind after a long stressful day?..Thank you dearly to anyone willing the time to read this and especially respond!!!
----------immediate responses--------

The answers to 1 through 5 are all in my view exactly the same - "Don't drink". After building up the habit over many many years following that simple instruction required a great deal of personal change - I'd tried and failed many times because the temptation was too much usually. All other considerations became secondary to getting a decent amount of sober time under my belt and the question then really became how do I do that - more specifically how do I do that differently from what I'd done before. The answer - for me at least - was to ask for Help. Asking for help and putting myself amidst people who understood the problem seemed to allow me to get to where I am now - which 4 months ago would have seemed as impossible to me as not drinking at birthdays family dinners on dates with friends with co-workers and generally as an emotional solvent does to you now. It seemed insurmountable completely mystifying. Utterly impossible. It's not as many other people on this sub will testify to. My experience has been that you just have to put it above all other goals and then the rest of the answers on how to live a sober life will reveal themselves once you've got some solid sober time. In the broader character arc of your life what's more important - missing out on a few social engagements for the next few months? Or aiming at long-term sobriety? Putting the latter first seemed to work for me. No idea if that helps or not.
I couldn't stay stopped without a support system. I had no clue how to do it own my own. A therapist nudged me onto the road to recovery. I went to rehab outpatient treatment and got involved in AA. I also saw a psychiatrist. .Having other wiser people to guide me gave me the tools to build the sober happy life I have today. ..Learning about alcoholism helped me understand that it is a chronic disease that can go into remission but never totally goes away. If I drink I risk a return of misery. No birthday holiday or family gathering is worth taking a drink. If people or places are tempting I avoid them. ..I made new friends in AA the gym and doing volunteer work. It turned out that some folks were really just "drinking buddies" and not friends. They drifted away. ..I've never had a problem bonding with co-workers. It can be done over coffee or a coke. Alcohol is not necessary. ..I learned how to deal with stress to unwind and relax without alcohol. Drinking only made life more stressful so I walked went to the gym got involved with family and went to AA meetings. ..Sobriety is easier and more fun with help. 
Hey there firstly well done on taking this step. I concur with the above post the answer is just do not drink. Don't avoid social situations just because you're not drinking. Have a water soda etc. If anyone gives you aggro about not drinking they aren't worth being in your life. You'll quickly become used to being in social situations sober it's amazing how soon it becomes the norm. Best of luck :) 
[removed]
A good tip is to drive to social events means you can't drink and no ones questions why you are not imbibing..Bar that I'm not much help as I'm pretty much a recluse.
The simple answer is to not drink but I'll tell you... For me and for many others it's the dating issue that is the toughest. It's probably wise to date someone who's actively sober or who just hates alcohol. It seems to get me every time...Best of luck to you.
I got sober back in 2015 for 5 months. I was newly divorced and started dating. I read something that said you should avoid dating in your first year of sobriety. I dismissed it. I wish I hadn't. I went on a bunch of dates sober. When they ordered a drink I just ordered water. I finally decided it was so unfair they got to drink and I didn't so I gave in. I honestly think if I had followed the no dating advice I would have stayed sober. 2 1/2 years later and I'm starting this sobriety journey again.  
All those things you note are tough but they are even tougher to do alone. This sub is a great place but human contact is even better which is why I recommend AA. These are real people who have been through everything that you have been through so they truly understand the issues. They can be a great source of help...Sorry I can't give you any individual advice; I started going out to bars with my friends to meet girls when I was 17 but I didn't start drinking until I was 22 so I've had lots of practice not drinking when everyone else was. 
Agreed with the commenter who said the answer for all is  don't drink.  Make the decision once now instead of every time you're offered a drink. ..It feels strange at first because you're unlearning years of engrained habits but it gets so much easier over time. ..Check out the book  This Naked Mind  by Annie Grace. It helped me personally with navigating social situations and changing my perspective when trying to get sober and maybe it'll help you answer your questions above. ..Just remember that you don't need alcohol to have a good time enjoy a date bond with people or make new friends   You can do this. IWNDWYT! 
You sound a LOT like me.  I'm 33 and almost everything you said is similar to my story.  I recently started drinking again a few weeks ago after 4 months sober...Today is my day 1 and I'm also tired of the starting and stopping.  What I plan to do differently this time is get a support system to keep me accountable.  That has always been the missing piece for me.  I hope it will work for me and maybe it can for you too...
It sounds insane to just say 'don't drink' in response to all these points but that's honestly how simple the response can be. Once you actually just try it it's crazy how much of a non-issue it can be. I thought it would be AWFUL to go on a night out sober or party or basically not even have one drink at a meal. Not even one!? ..All these things were either exactly the same or much better without alcohol i just needed to try it. But if you think you'll be tempted you can always just wait until you feel stronger. ..I can't tell you how satisfying it is to leave the bar 2hrs earlier than everyone else because the night had gotten boring whereas before i would've stayed for the booze and loudly complained that the night had gotten boring... And been embarrassed by my aggressive attitude the next day! ..I've never dated sober but I've seen many posts on here that recommend waiting the first year or talking about dodging bullets because they were sober enough to see someone wasn't right. Or having an amazing time because they were sober! 
[removed]
