-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7izzkv/yay/

Well guys I freaking did it. I got married and I stayed sober. It's pretty surreal for me. When I started this journey I wanted to drink several times because I thought I was going to drink on my wedding day. Every little event leading up to the day was a struggle that I thought I couldn't get through until I did. This one was like the grand finale. The final test. The BIG BOSS!! ..If I'm being completely honest I had several moments (usually when people were offering me drinks) when I was sad or feeling sorry for myself that I wasn't drinking. But for every sad moment I had 2 GLAD moments. I was aware of what was going on. I wasn't ignoring family members. I wasn't making a fool of myself. I could carry on a conversation. I didn't need to pass out at 9PM because I was so wasted. I was able to tip my vendors and communicate what i needed from them. I woke up in the morning feeling sore and mentally exhausted and thought damn.. what if I drank last night? I'd not be able to get anything done y'all!! Instead I got all my thank you cards done PLUS some holiday shopping!! ..I really honestly and truly could not have done this without SD. I'm still on cloud 9 from it all and feeling very sappy and emotional so I've got to say THANK YOU!!! If you've ever given me advice or been my friend or let me help you or talked me off the ledge; if you're reading this RIGHT NOW!!! Thank you thank you thank you. Keep fighting the good fight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow!  Super congratulations to you on your marriage!  You really are starting off in such a great way.  Way to go.  You'll remember the big day with fondness instead of blurry memories.  Best wishes.  :)
Congratulations!! And that is huge! Well done  
Congratulations and best wishes on your new journey in life! 
That's really fucking amazing Ash and you should be proud...Super stoked for you. I knew you could do it...And congrats.
Congrats Ashley!!! For getting married (yay!) And also being sober (double yay!!)    
Congratulations on both!! This post is so inspiring thank you!
&gt; But for every sad moment I had 2 GLAD moments..I LOVE THIS! Going to remember this when I'm feeling sad! CONGRATS ON YOUR MARRIAGE! How exciting and beautiful! 
That is truly awesome congratulations!   
This is amazing! You'll remember this day  for all the reasons!  for the rest of your life. Good job. And congratulations! 
Congratulations! Double yay!!!
That's am amazing accomplishment! Congratulations on that and on your marriage. 
Congratulations! What a wonderful way to celebrate your new life!
