-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j4viv/drank_on_day_90_stayed_out_8_days_hated_every/

I loved my new life in sobriety. Things were going well in a lot of ways. I was the healthiest I had ever been. Was exercising daily. My mental and spiritual clarity returned. Started getting focused on new hobbies. Read a lot about recovery and listened to several recovery related podcasts. BUT as good as some of these tools were  it wasn't enough to keep me sober past day 90. I didn't have a set program and I did not have a community other than SD (which I was not posting in). I only went to a handful of meetings in the early days and had only 1 sober friend. I let tension build up and I drank. No excuses I just said fuck it and drank at a family dinner. ..Almost immediately I hated what I was doing. I had a slight euphoria and a short lived relief before it was sad again. I didn't drink again for 3 days but picked up again and then drank 4 days straight. ..I didn't know how long the relapse was going to last  but this morning I woke up absolutely disgusted and decided to pour out the rest of the beer request a badge reset and commit to day 1. ..Obviously the slip wasn't worth it but I don't want to beat myself up either. I'm trying to see what I can learn from this as I move forward. I'm not sure where I will go as far as AA or refuge recovery if either but I will definitely continue to come here. I will post every day. I will reach out to my sober friend. He attends AA so I may go to a few meetings with him. ..The slip was good in a way because it proved once again that I belong in recovery. Moderation won't work for me. I wasn't even under the illusion that it would this time. I knew the abyss was waiting for me but I went there anyway. ..Thanks for listening everyone. I will not drink with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds to me like one thing you have learned is a whole new respect for the possibility/probability of hardcore relapsing.  Glad for you that you pulled yourself out of it      welcome back!  I wish you the best iwndwyt!
I slipped up over the summer after about 4 months sober. Took me a couple months to get back on track but like you mentioned I think it was a good thing. Not that I recommend falling off the wagon but it's nothing to feel despair or hopeless over either just something to learn from.
I don't know what it is about 90 days.  I was really craving a congratulatory bottle of wine at that point.  I think going to 
