-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j5mah/its_been_325_days_and_heres_what_i_have_to_say/

Day 325..On a cold Wednesday evening last winter I drunkenly laid awake for hours asking myself the same questions over and over.  *Why do I keep doing this to myself? What is the point of this? Will I ever stop?*  Then the next morning brought the familiarity of a painful hangover. It was a dull pungent and submissive state that had come to define the culture of my own life.  On hundreds of previous occasions like many other people I woke that January morning and said  I will never drink again .  I didn't in all honestly know that I would actually follow through on my typically hollow declaration.  I did commit to it though and the path I chose to follow has enlightened me.  I'd like to make it clear that I know and accept that I am a virtuous and loving person and this is my story of struggling learning and adapting.  Here's what I've learned and I apologize beforehand that it is an ambiguous blend of positivity and negativity. .	.I didn't know why I moved out of state last summer other than the fact that I wanted to place a sharp 90  angle into my timeline.  Life was seemingly great in my hometown.  I actually thought that I was leaving home at my peak - going out to learn and experience; fueled by wanderlust and explorative curiosity.  When you move to a different state you start all over.  Everything you know is different - the air the scenery the culture the people.  Your influences change entirely.  I knew this when I made my decision to go as it wasn't the first time I had decided to move out of state.  The change I desired always had a inescapable question mark looming overhead.  It took eight months after my arrival to my new state to quit drinking.  In sobriety it became retrospectively obvious that the unplanned reason for my move was a geographical rehabilitation.  Of course this is a realization that only hindsight may offer.  I had no idea upon leaving that this was the change I was seeking.  I had unknowingly set myself up for a transition into a new life and so I seized my opportunity..It has been an incredible challenge to live not only in a new state but in my newfound sober lifestyle.  One of the most difficult things for me to overcome is how to live a social life without liquid courage.  I didn't ever realize how much social anxiety I have until I left drinking behind.  It used to be a simple solution - meeting new people wanting to dance hitting on girls - just get tipsy.  Going on stage to perform in front of a full house?  A few shots of whiskey to calm the nerves.  Sobriety unveiled that I am actually riddled with social anxiety.  I no longer can comprehend how to be social.  This doesn't deter me from trying though.  On any given night I can be found at a music venue or a bar surrounded by those drinking.  At those times I may abstain from the alcohol but I cannot honestly say that I am able to abstain from cynicism and negativity. What seems so amusing and festive with alcohol can often seem overwhelmingly pointless and boring without alcohol.  My peers then notice the blank expression that I accidentally leave across my face.   Why aren't you having a good time?  they ask me.  One person as he wipes the red wine and bile mixture from his face told me I should really at least pretend to have a good time.  The world of dating has also rendered me clueless.  When I was drinking I'd have one night stands all the time.  I'd have girlfriends and go on dates and it never seemed like there was an any issue in my life in the field of romance.  I don't consider myself a drop dead stud but I am comfortable with saying that I'm a decently good looking man.  Every little spark I've had has been immediately extinguished when they find I don't drink.  I haven't been on a single date in the days of my sobriety. ..In my new life I initially thought of abstinence from drinking as a huge positive.  I thought it was a cure-all solution to anything and everything I had ever disliked about my life.  I thought it would be a source of motivation help me find love fix my financial issues dramatically improve my health and grant me the elusive happiness I had been searching for for so long.  Quitting drinking isn't an instant fix though.  It is about normalization.  When you are operating your life in the  negatives  quitting drinking can help you get back to zero but it will not catapult you into the  positives .  It just makes you normal and natural.  Sobriety makes your body the way it was meant to function if alcohol didn't even exist.  In realizing that sobriety doesn't actually fix anything for us we must come to the realization that nothing in life happens unless we make it happen for ourselves.  Living drunkenly is like living with your life on pause.  It creates a false contentment that we unknowingly accept without question.  When the hazy fog is removed we are motivated to progress in life as we can now see the paths that were clouded beforehand...*So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security conformity and conservation all of which may appear to give one peace of mind but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit*. -Christopher McCandless..Abstaining from alcohol provides a perspective many people never get to experience - life without alcohol.  In our culture most begin drinking in high school then we turn 18 and enter  the college years .  Next we turn 21 and never look back.  The overwhelming majority of Americans do not experience adult life without alcohol.  As a new beer commercial so eloquently puts it  it is not about whether the glass is half full or half-empty it is about filling it up .  Live your life behind the curtain of alcohol and never question why.   We love our alcoholic culture.  When a person like myself who grew into an adult under the impression that everything in life revolves around alcohol decides to quit drinking they must relearn how to function as a person in society.  Much like living in a new state everything you know is different.  You must learn how to live a social life again how to bond with friends and family how to date have sex fall in love.  Quitting is a difficult path much more difficult than sticking with the drinking culture that is so deeply ingrained in our comfort.  It takes courage and strength to embrace a lifestyle that is so unaccustomed.  Fear is the source of our dependence.  We need alcohol because without it our social lives will diminish to naught our problems will surface with demand to be faced or whatever blend of rationalization rings true to you....I pledged as a non-drinker that I wouldn't turn into a preacher who constantly badgered my friends and family about why alcohol is so awful.  That wouldn't do anything but harm my relationships.  I've done a good job at that but now is my chance to convey my dismay with the world of alcohol.  With my sobriety came a great existential plight sometimes teetering on nihilism.  Our culture is built around alcohol materialism media and hardly anything less superficial.  The futuristic hivemind of our society tells you how to live your life.  Fate is no longer mysterious as it is carved out by the expectations of our peers.  You're told what to learn when to learn it.  Go to college buy a house.  Live your life enslaved to the man-made concepts of money and debt.  Regardless of your theological beliefs it is almost certain that life itself is among the rarest and most precious of phenomenons our universe has to offer.  Yet here we are hiding behind LCD displays and Pinot Grigio.  Whittling away our finite seconds at jobs we don't love accomplishing tasks that don't matter for people we don't know. So what is the point?  We must love learn breatheand truly experience this existence.  Alcohol hinders your ability to do so.  It is a mind-control device used by billion-dollar corporations to brainwash the masses into thinking we need something we do not.  As unsettling as that is it is even moreso unsettling how effective it is - how we accept it promote it embrace it.  Yay alcohol!  Okay so maybe I just need a tinfoil hat.  The evidence is all around us though.  We are submerged in a world dominated by alcohol and the people who sell it.  There is no conspiracy theory here just an unfortunate reality. There are 90000 deaths every year related directly to alcohol in the United States alone.  That's enough people to fill the stadium at the University of Nebraska.  Annually....I don't always know why I continue to abstain.  I play the what-if game all the time.  Part of me thinks that I only continue my sobriety out of stubborness - not wanting to break my  streak  of 325 days.  What if I were to drink today would my days of sobriety be for nothing?  I do not believe so.  My days without alcohol have been a time of advancement and transformation. I become a more tempered person more clear headed and less susceptible to acting on raw emotion. Would my social life be much better if I started drinking again?  Maybe but I would spend all my spare money on booze and constantly be hungover.  I do not miss that life.  Would I have better fortune in the dating world?  The only sure thing is that I'd be less afraid to talk to strangers.  The opportunity is aptly available to talk to strangers all the time.  I simply need to be more courageous.  Drinking will not solve this issue....In one week I'll be moving back home to my home state.  I believe it will be better for me because I will no longer have the stress of having to forge a new social life without the assistance of alcohol.  I will have my lifelong friends and family there.  I truly no longer have any desire to consume alcohol and so I am confident that the temptations of my old influences will not sway me.....Day 101...In 101 days without alcohol I've never woken up wishing I had a drank alcohol the day before...To stop drinking is to make your life better but improvements in your life won't come instantly. Sure your health will improve you'll sleep better you'll  I have less depressing thoughts and more money. But once you have those things then what? You've got to reap the benefits of an alcohol free lifestyle and work to better yourself. You've accepted in some way that you want a better life. Alcohol or not life doesn't get better unless you actively make it happen. YOU and only you...It takes courage to quit. I was afraid to stop because I had feared that my social life would be diminished.  I was correct it has diminished but it is not gone entirely. It is evolving as I grow into a stronger happier healthier person. I care more now for my future my finances finding actual love as opposed to a empty one night stand. I'm more submerged in my passions and exercise. Not every day has to be a party. I don't want every day to be a party. I want to achieve serious goals and give myself a better life.  ..Anybody that has ever cared about me has done nothing but told me how proud they are. I've had long-time friends come to me and ask why I did it. They aren't asking because they think it's dumb or unorthodox. They are asking because they are curious in regards to themselves becoming sober...I wrote in one of the weekly writing prompts 100 days ago. It became like my declaration of sobriety and I read it every so often to remind myself what I'm doing and where I was. I'd like to share that:..&gt;I think at least once a day - what if I had never drank smoked cigs smoked weed or done any form of drugs. Who would I be? Would I have maintained good grades in high school and possibly gotten a scholarship to a nice college? Maybe I'd be married by now. Maybe my hair wouldn't be falling out or I would've grown beyond 5'7"...&gt;Have I lived a fullfilling life? Sure but I don't remember half of it or I've chosen to forget it. I've traveled met crowds of amazing people and learned so much but it always seemed to revolve around alcohol at the end of the day. Well then maybe I think my life hasn't been so fullfilling afterall. I've spent every other day barely able to get out of bed with a hangover for all of my twenties. So why am I doing this to myself? Why don't I just stop drinking? What am I resisting?..&gt;It seems like I'm resisting commitment to change. I'm living in fear. Fear that I won't be able to enjoy myself anymore. Fear that I'll grow apart from my friends or that I'll eventually leave my sober days in vain and drink again. I'm a musician and a social extrovert. I'm often a focal point among the crowd. Can I still be like that without a few shots of Jameson's? I'm resisting the possibility that my life won't be as good. But resistance is futile and I am strong...&gt;I'm a logical person but even a logical person can fall for the tricks and treachery of alchohol nicotine cannabis caffeine cocaine pornography or whatever else I hope you're not involved with. I think of the movie Inception and how they have those markers (like the spinning top) to let them know whether they are dreaming. I think my alcohol top has been spinning for like 12 years. You lose your grip on reality. I wasn't born addicted to cigarettes but I act like I need them now. The first 15 years of my life were fun as hell without a single drop of alcohol. But what fun would life be without getting drunk? Even though my logic tells me you don't need this this is rediculous I fall back into the same hole over and over. It's impulse control or my lack thereof. I start to notice a pattern. I don't have any control over my own actions. Is it the alcohols fault or vice versa? The chicken or the egg? I'm flat broke because I think spending $30 at the bar is okay but spending $30 at the grocery store is the end of the world. I have a horrible diet of fried food and controlled substances. I openly acknowledge all of this and I don't do anything. Im resisting my own logic but resistance is a bitch ass pussy and I am strong...&gt;I'm stuck at the bottom of a well and there's a rope for me to grab but the water is warm and the air is cold so I resist the rope...&gt;Turns out the water is getting cold and the air isn't so bad. Im ready to get out now my fingers are pruning...&gt;I want to be able to smell and taste again. I want to have my sex drive back and end my lonliness. I want my lungs to heal and my sinuses clear. I want to experience what truly rejuvinating sleep is like. No more nausea headaches diarhhea disgusting gas. I'm fairly productive as an everyday drinker I can't even imagine what potential is being caged inside of my beer bottles. I'm resisting good health but resistance is Alderaan and I am the Death Star...&gt;It's time to squash the resistance. I need a physical symbol of my success so from here on out an X mark on each day of my calendar gives me tangible proof of my success. I will master my self control and persevere. I will not drink today. I will not drink at band practice. I will not drink at the arcade. I will not spend another day hungover in bed. I will acheive my goals. I will be a career musician. I will say goodbye to those holding me back. I will not resist...Here is the calendar -  http://i.imgur.com/1SNoUeM.jpg..I want to type forever to try to say as many things I can to hit the right note with as many people as possible. Maybe I reached out to you today and helped you make a connection or something and I really hope I did. I wish more of the world could see the beauty and natural harmony that comes from living without the brain-washing poison that is alcohol. There is so much good in life. So much potential in each and every life. No matter how dark your path is you can always find light...Anyway 325 days have permanently altered my life for the better. Looking forward to 10000 more. Thank you r/stopdrinking for helping me get this far. I love you.
----------immediate responses--------

I love long posts - I'm sure I can't be alone in that so thank you for taking the effort to share. I've got this one cued up as my bedtime reading :)
Awesome work. Loved the read. Well done
Thank you for sharing your story. I look forward to my 325th day sober. Right now I'm at the 'what is the point of this why do I keep doing this will I ever stop?' set of feelings. Thank you for giving me hope.
Lovely.  I really enjoyed reading about your journey.  Our culture is awash in alcohol and like you I view abstaining from it as an act of cultural and economic resistance.  That's not my primary motivation--I'm much more motivated by being a better person in all facets of my life--but my inner rebel does relish the prospect of depriving Big Alcohol of a few bucks.  ..Keep up the good work and I look forward to further updates on your progress! 
Thank you for this post. This has been a long struggle for me most of my adult life but it's only recently clicked that my problem is driven by a lack of trust love and respect for myself. Since I was a kid I just never wanted to be me with all my insecurities social anxiety awkwardness and various failures. I basically drank to get away from myself (real original I know) then ended up losing all control and giving away my power to people who didn't give a damn about me. Lesson FINALLY learned: if I can't respect and care about myself I sure as hell can't expect others to do the same. That finally came through to me recently in a very painful humiliating way. But it was the breaking point...I am still broken by this past but I've resolved to spend the next year discovering all the ways I can learn to love &amp; trust myself again fully for who I am so that the only crutch I ever need is my faith in myself. I am terrified by the path ahead but your post has given me hope today. Thank you and all the best in your continued journey!
You need to write a book. Seriously. I just devoured your post. It hits on so many levels and I feel like I've glanced into your soul. Thank you for taking the time you did to put this here much love and respect. I will not drink with you today. 
i enjoyed reading. thanks for typing that out. reading this sub has made me believe that it is possible to change. things do get better if you stick to it.
Loved reading this. Thanks for sharing!
So much to contemplate here. I'll be interested to hear about life when you are living back home. You sound strong and courageous. 
Goddam posts like these keep me going on cold winter evenings. IWNDWYT!
Love you too bro! Thanks for sharing this. Iwndwyt!
Thank you for the read before bed. Can't agree more with what you said about having to relearn how to function as a person in society and relearning how to do things sober. Congrats on 325! 
I wish you the absolute best on your journey home ..Thank you for sharing ..IWNDWYT 
Not trying to get you to go to AA but at the last meeting I went too there was a couple hotties. You could find a sober girl there 
Thank you for your post. More and more I feel like everyone around me is consumed and controlled by alcohol...It's tough it's a constant struggle but it's worth it. Your words helped me today. 
Thank you for sharing and the inspiration to keep going without drinking. I'm on day two and counting. I played music all my life but never without drinking. When I quit playing in 2003 I starting actually drinking more and I've only had about 90 days without since that time. During the time without music has been the only time I realized I have a problem with it. I moved in May of this year to make the change in my life and it has taken up until now to start my new life. I've listened to every audio book have read anything I could find on quitting but yesterday I read The Naked Truth and something finally triggered in my unconscious. Here's to a new life. IWNDWYT!
Thanks so much for the long story. It hasn't been super difficult for me to quit drinking and right now I'm lucky to have a partner that was never a big drinker and wants to stop drinking with me. Other than that it's like my entire social perspective has shifted. I'm no longer interested in going to bars not as obsessed with making friends (I just moved to a big city and don't have many). Last night I just spent the whole night by myself. It was boring at times but nice. Drowning in alcohol I realize that I was also drowning in self disapproval. I felt so self conscious that I didn't have enough friends to go to the bar with that I didn't have this big group of perfect people to spend my young days of carefreeness with. Now though I realize it's really not that important. Now that the pressure to find drinking buddies is off I feel like a huge weight has been lifted. The disapproval of myself can't claw into me as strongly as before. For once in my life loneliness feels freeing somehow. I've also learned that sober standards are much higher than drunk standards. Before I could basically be friends with anyone because alcohol would hide any awkwardness or prevent an ability to become closer friends therefore preventing any major disappointments or uncomfortableness (I find it difficult to become close with people). Now I'm working on myself so that when I find people good enough to spend time with I will be good enough for them too. 
 I have never woken up wishing I had drank the precious day  LOVE that! Awesome read thank you! 
LCD screens and Pinot Grigio. Boom!  ..Loved your post. Cool to see your writing evolve from the 101 day post to today's post. Such an evolution in depth and style.  Hello manifesto.....Thank you for this. I am sure it helped more people than you know. 
Fantastic post. Getting sober takes hard work and dedication. And it allows us to begin seriously answering the question of what can I do with my life? Instead of being on inebriated autopilot.
Thank you for sharing this. If I weren't running against the clock here (time to get my ass to work) I would write a much longer response. As it is though I'll just say that I will not drink with you today. 
For me personally I don't think developing a hate for alcohol is a healthy response to quitting. Hating on booze and the people who use it is not a healthy approach for me. Alcohol is not for me but I can't apply that to everyone. I think doing so would make me a bitter sober person. The safe play for me is an understanding that it's not my thing. 
Personally speaking developing a hatred for booze and for those who use it won't bring me serenity. 
Well done my friend. Congratulations!!!
