-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j7dcf/relapsed_and_bottle_stash_found/

After almost 2 weeks of sobriety my withdrawal symptoms had passed. I was working out at a gym every day. I was cooking 3 fresh meals a day. Then my depression and a bit of paranoia stepped back in.  I was looking at a full weekend of late closing shifts. My partner was hanging out with friends and doing stuff I wanted to do but wasn't invited. It felt like for all my improvement it was for nothing...It started with a shift drink after a particularly harsh close. Then a couple shots to last me til I got home. Then I pulled over to spend my tip money on shooters for bed and just in case I was sick in the morning. Then a couple more the next day in case I felt withdrawals while the stores were closed...Yesterday I had one shift drink. I started to feel a mood swing. I went home and collapsed on the couch and my memory shut down. My partner went to get my blanket and pulled out a number of little shooter bottles from my relapse. Under the mattress was my full collection of shooter bottles and 200 mils from previous lapses. They confronted me and cleared out all of the empties but promised not to leave...I've spent today mostly in bed with nausea and vertigo. My symptoms aren't as bad as they were last time but everything is pretty uncomfortable and I've basically had fruit and oatmeal. The brainfog is mostly passed. The anxiety is still here. I hope my memory serves me better this time because as the symptoms passed last time I felt like I could drink and be fine...Nope!..Here's to early bed and a healthier tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're back. Memory can be so deceiving. Hang in there. 
Congratulations on the almost 2 weeks!  Consider doing a 30 challenge.  That's what worked for me because a) it was simple. No internal debate about "Well I only drank 1 night this week so I could go out tonight." b) there was no excuse to keep any alcohol in the house since I wasn't drinking at all. Less temptation. c) it covered the whole week. That forced me to break habits or find alternatives. d) it was finite. Months that I had camping trips planned or big parties I made sure I was drinking those months. Other months I chose to abstain entirely. 
[removed]
