-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j7v2h/i_need_some_support_and_good_luck_sent_my_way/

2017 was the worst year I've ever had.  My ex-wife cheated on me and left me for another man.  I had no idea. She just left one day taking my kids the dog and took nearly everything in the house. That began my downward spiral of misery.  We've been fighting for child custody in court most of the year.  I started drinking again after almost a decade of not drinking. I was so angry with her I would drunkenly harass her through text messages.  I cussed her out so much she got a protection order.  After the protection order I kept texting her after getting drunk and was arrested 3 times.  Then I got A DUI in May totaling my vehicle by hitting a light pole. It's not my first so I'm packing up everything I accumulated this year so I can be sentenced on Thursday.  I'm probably going to jail for quite awhile considering I was arrested 4 times in the span of 4 months.  The little time I do get to spend with my kids (8hrs a week) has to be supervised. Since I was arrested so many times always with alcohol involved  I have to pay a t parental supervisor $50 an hour when I have my kids. I just saw them for the last time in God knows how long yesterday.  I've managed to stay sober since June and not drinking really helped me start to get my life back together.  A few months ago I finally started to get over all of this and look to the future.  If i wasn't going to jail child custody court agreed I'd be able to have my kids every weekend without supervision. I've been working alot going to alcohol therapy and seeing a normal therapist. I'm gong to an addiction recovery group. I finally clawed my ass out of depression/addiction and have been doing pretty well until tonight.  Im a fucking mess trying to stay calm.  Not being able to see my kids is going to be extremely hard. I feel like I finally pulled it together only to be put in jail this Thursday. I'm just hurting bad right now and need some words of encouragement.  SD has helped me SO much I figured I would ask all the kind caring people here for a little more support. Sorry this was so long  it's been helping me lately to write all this down.  I'd like to thank everyone here. I will not drink with you tonight...TLDR- ex wife left me rarely see my kids relapsed leading to 4 arrests in 4 months lost my family dog freedom  house and car in 2017. I need some words of encouragement. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is indeed rough. I'm really sorry you had to go through all of it. It is really impressive that you've managed nearly 6 months of sobriety and you're picking yourself back up again. If you just go to jail be hopeful that that part of your life is behind you and look to the future. Work toward getting those weekends with your kids and creating a civil relationship with your ex. Show with your actions that you're past that dark period and you're really working on making things right for yourself and your children. ..Hugs to you. Stay strong and IWNDWYT 
So...This will make me look like a peach lol...but two of my exes have been to jail both for alcohol/drug related issues. Both were in jail about three months. Neither had the record you do of putting your life back together and getting help. I really hope a judge will take that into consideration and act accordingly. Worst case scenario remember that your kids will love you regardless and kids want to move on and forgive. Especially if they watch you struggle and succeed it'll be a positive example for them. Don't give up! 
Damn that's really rough but this shitty period of time will pass.  You can get through this stay strong and rebuild. Do it for your kids and do it for you. You're worth it. 
I'm thinking good thoughts and sending them your way.   
Sorry to hear about your situation. If you can try to see the jail time as an opportunity to learn some new skills. I'm not sure how to go about getting books in there but there must be a way. Learn how to build websites/mobile apps or how to speak Spanish. Also take the time to excessive and get into shape. ..Just look at it as a hard reset. 
This sucks but you sound like a strong person. Don't let this define you but let this be a defining moment as to how you respond. You have all our love and support and please keep us updated as to how everything goes
I'm really sorry all this dreadful shit happened to you. I'm really inspired though that you have been able to claw your way back to sobriety. That is an awesome achievement! I wish you so much good karma good fortune and hope if you have to do some time in there-it is really really short. Stay strong. You are not alone. I will not drink with you today.
You are going to get through this. Complete your time served and stay away from the drink. It's a hell of a hole but you're on your way back out of it. 
No real words of wisdom here but congratulations on pulling yourself out of the hole you were in and reclaiming your sobriety! That took real strength. Sending you good vibes and I will not drink with you today.
Thank you.  It would have been tough without the help from everyone here.  Good job getting close to a month! This is a hard time of year to quit. Stick with it!  IWNDWYT
Keep your head up! You are a fighter and have picked yourself up so you can get through this! Praying for you buddy
I'm sending courage to you. You clearly are very strong but a little more can't hurt. My heart goes out to you. You can do it though. You have already done so much! 
You are making incredible decisions and rebuilding your life. You are an inspiration to me. Continue your courageous path. Be strong and know that your work is so important for your children. Sending you energy support and love!  
Wow that's rough.  For what it's worth I wish you all the stamina strength and determination to get through this.     Good luck!!
I remember reading your story a few days ago really struck a chord with me and I've been wondering how you were doing. When you get sentenced on Thursday will they just take you away immediately or will you have access to a computer? If you can get on here let us know how you make out dude. Good luck xoxo
