-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jdy3d/50_days_sober_update/

Wow time is weird. It goes by slowly and also really super fast at the same time. Apparently I have been sober for 50 days today which is the longest since I can't even remember when. ..I'd lie if I said I that I haven't been struggling. I'd lie if I said I don't want to drink anymore. My life has not magically improved and I haven't lost weight started exercising or in any other way accomplished anything special. But yesterday it snowed for real for the first time this winter and as I walked my dog that evening in a winter wonderland I kinda felt alright. So I am still here still sober and looking forward to getting that 60 before christmas!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 50 days! It really does get better! 
Woohoo congratulations! Right there with you. We can do it.
Woo hoo! You're making great progress to that 60 day goal and most importantly you're breaking the habits of drinking that you used to have.  Your life is that freshly fallen snow and you're making a new trail.  Up to you where it leads. 
50 days with ya. Kinda feel like a dry drunk living back at home with my parents but I'm in rehab and at least things are stable. IWNDWYT
50 here too!
Fifty days is exceptional on it own merit!  Eventually you'll get over the struggling part and interested to venture out and try something new out.  I am proud of you.  Sound like you've been respecting your process like you need this time.  Someone told me once that it takes half the time of the length of a relationship to truly get over it (including healing from the baggage) when it ends.  As alcoholics we are lucky because it doesn't look like a 20 year alcoholic takes a full 10 years to get past it so phew!  What a relief!  But it's not like we instantaneously get over it either.  It's a process and you are well on your way... .Bless you friend!  I'm happy you got that walk in the snow      iwndwyt 
Same Same same.  I don't magically have a ton of energy.  I'm not out there trying new things.  I'm not reconnecting with old friends.  I go to work come home work out if I feel like it make dinner watch tv until bed time.  Weekends are again just full of tv watching.  I know I need to make more of an effort but this time of year always makes me sluggish and tired anyway.  Right now I'm just *being* sober and I'm hoping once the days are longer and I feel better I'll have the desire to get out and start *living* sober
congrats on the 5-0
Revel in those good moments because they don't always last. But they do seem to occur more often and hopefully we get to appreciate them more. Congrats to you on how far you have already come and I'm wishing all the best to you as you continue to move forward!     
You HAVE accomplished something special - you have been sober for 50 days!!! Thats huge and something I hope you can find pride in :) 
My dogs don't drink and I've been wanting to be more like them. Nonjudgemental happy with the small wonders of life generous with affection long walkers and good sleepers. And. They. Don't. Drink.
