-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jfe3p/we_will_never_be_the_people_in_the_alcohol/

Today sitting in traffic a song came on "Summertime" by Calvin Harris. That same song was used to promote a Budweiser event on a private island and I recall the commercials were like all alcohol commercials: young beautiful lithe just multi cultural enough people dancing laughing connecting and surrounded by happiness. They were carefree and obviously wealthy and healthy. .I used to drink to try to grab a handful of that feeling by the coattails. .I knew somewhere deep inside that at 33 35 37 living in a 3rd tier city working a corporate job and unhappily single I was never going to be that cute hippie chick model/actress/Instagram influencer never going to have that sparkling magic chill super fun amazing life (at least not every day!). ..My biggest fear was being mediocre and boring and ordinary. .My other biggest fear was people finding out how weird I really am. ..Drinking blurred those hard edges and made me forget the struggle to fit in enough but not lose who I was and to stand out enough but not be an outcast. ..Day by day in my sober journey I am figuring out how to be me and be okay with it. How to be okay with not being the people in the commercials. ..It's a work in progress...but it IS in progress. 
----------immediate responses--------

Those people in the alcohol commercials are not real people either! We only see a 30-second snippet of prop-up people living an imagined unreal life. They are trying to sell us a lifestyle that doesn't exist. No thank you! 
Good post pants     .here's to being cool in your own life story for real this time 
I know a lot of unhappy pretty people so there are no guarantees on happiness.  But i get ya.  I truly hate alcohol commercials.  They do good job making people feel inadequate feel like they need the alcohol to be that awesome.  I personally think weird people are cool and are usually intelligent.  They sure beat drunk people.  
Your biggest fears comment -- amen. 
I was in a commercial for Angry Orchard a couple years ago. While I was depressed anxious and downing bottles of wine alone every chance I got. I actually hate the taste of hard cider but you can well imagine that didn't stop me from chugging it on set. (What a treat I was to work with!)..It's really weird to think about now mostly because my mindset is so different now. But yeah. Marketing is not real life.
Budweiser is just selling a feeling...one they know the bleeding downtrodden middle class longs for :) In reality their beer tastes gross anyway and I would never want to be my 21 year old self again. 
It's interesting if you really pay close attention to those alcohol commercials no one ever actually drinks. The product is so well placed that you would think they are all drinking but they aren't! 
Great post. This feeling of feeling like I fit in better while drinking alcohol was a big contributor to my alcohol abuse. Sobriety delivers what alcohol promises.  
All happiness is fleeting. Every joy in life quickly subsides. As soon as we satisfy one desire we move on to the next. It is unending. The only escape the cycle is to realize the truth: that unsatisfactoriness is inevitable and that letting the drift away from the present moment thereby closing it to all present possibilities is what leads to suffering.
Awesome post and your title says it all! It's strange but when I still find myself romanticising alcohol I have to remind myself of this hollow fantasy. It was never like that and it will never be like that. It was always a lie. "I will never be (like) the people in the alcohol commercial" thank you for that!     
I came across an ad for some kind of Vodka with 50 cents as the embassador turns out he doesn't even drink. People in marketing do a great job selling snake oil. ..You sound like a much more interesting person than anyone trying to convince us that their life is amazing through perfect Instagram pictures. I'd rather find out about someone's weirdness it's not mediocre or boring to people that matter. I look up to your 108 days and I want to reach that point. I will not drink Budweiser with you today! 
Nothing wrong with being weird. We can be weird together  
So.. Imagine how the shoot the alcohol commercials. I don't know the specific commercial you're talking about but the main idea is always the same. .So: imagine a sandy beach and a group of models / aspiring actors (who are not very successful yet and most probably never will because successful actors very rarely want to be associated with alcohol commercials) being brought to the scene..They take hours to set everything up doing make-up putting on the lights etc. Alcohol business has A LOT of money (why????) and their commercials are usually meticulously done. I'm not saying it always takes a lot of time but there is definitely more effort to them than several other types of commercials..So the actors/models are waiting around bored browsing their facebook on smart phones maybe sunbathing. What they're not doing   not drinking alcohol that's for sure. Most probably they drink water because they're models and actors and care about the way they look. Maybe someone has a coke. When filming they're given glasses (or bottles) with coloured water. Their main objective is to laugh and "have a good time". They have to make several takes because it always seems something is wrong. One girl is not happy enough or another dude looks a bit sloppy or whatever. They do it over and over again: laughing like it was the best day of their lives drinking from their glasses and bottles like it was the nectar of gods. All the while wishing it were over already and hoping no one of their friends or relatives never sees the commercial.
That's one of the things I miss most about my girl was how "weird" she was. Made me feel not alone and always made for a good laugh.  Congrats. I will not drink with you today
Truth.  I fell for the bait.  Always dreamed of sipping savoring warm glows companionship fireplaces wine intimate chit-chat life-is-good feelings...but no that was not my outcome.  Glad to be sober today!
Great post.  Thank you.  Need constant reminding be living MY life NOW.  Not trying to live someone else's life or pining for some future that doesn't exist.
a good opportunity to plug my favorite alcohol commercial of all time:..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrVLB3MtUjo..: )
Many thanks for the excellent post and all the comments. Really learned a lot . Great to be sober today. IWNDWYT
