-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jmxo2/i_think_when_i_see_people_drinking_on_tv_it_gives/

I had a bit of a relapse recently (boo) and it made me realize that seeing people drinking on TV makes me want to drink.  I don't watch a lot of TV but the other day I ended up watching the ultimate trash-tier What What Happens Live and the guests typically have drinks.  Immediately I noticed I had the craving so I worked out for an hour... and then still ended up drinking...Is this a known thing?  I've never had an issue with being around people drinking in person weirdly enough but for some reason when I see it on TV it's like a switch flicks in my brain...Any tips other than "don't watch TV"? (thankfully I try to avoid it as much as possible anyway)
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. I had this all the time in my first 90 or so and even now I still get twinges. Cliche but play the tape forward. My most effective image is replaying looking at myself in the mirror after spending the morning barfing up. I know that drinking sort of more or less equals that given time and that's a face I never want to have to see again...
If they're drinking on TV in a show or movie remember it's probably fake; can't have the actors slurring words. This is part of the brainwashing that Alan Carr talks about in his book *Easy Way to Control Alcohol*. Alcohol is glorified all around us every day for every problem and every celebration ever since the champaign someone probably toasted at our birth. Makes it tough. If seeing the manipulation we as a society are confronted with would help you his book is a good eye opener.
Yeah I struggled w alcohol as portrayed on TV early on. ..Example:  .Character pours a long slow drink after a hellish day. Yep I can identify. At least in the past.  ..But TV shows usually only show the "glow" of the moment. Not the after effects (hangovers missed appointments damaged relationships DUI etc) or maybe the character only has one or two drinks. I can't do that...Watching "The Deuce" and lots of bar scenes and drinking. Two months into being sober and TV is triggering me less. Guess I'm just looking at it as a character flaw/weakness at this stage...Also sometimes the same characters are smokers too. Cigarettes and alcohol are both bad for the body IMO. Sort of like slow suicide.  ..Day by day that's what I try to keep reminding myself. ..Maybe develop some new hobbies to keep you busy and take your mind off alcohol? I like times where I get so into a hobby I lose sense of time. Working out and getting physically exhausted helps too IMO...
Fizzy water tea crystal light.Those seem to work so far buti tried no booze beer butt it mwde me crave the rewl thing
Seeing people drink on tv is probably one of the biggest triggers for me. I think the reason is simply because I am relaxing and watching tv and seeing someone drink reminds that I could be relaxing and watching tv WITH a drink...So I just have to play the tape forward and remind myself that if I was to get that drink I would end up getting wasted and not even remembering the show I was watching lol
