-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jny3o/final_exams_holidays_and_a_break_up/

I haven't broken streak but it feels so close. However i recognize that my behavior when I drink is worse than all of the compounded stress I have now. I've got to realize and I'm trying to make myself believe that the pain of just hating who I am and hating who I become as I spiral down into addiction is a much heavier burden than any of life's other misfortunes. ..I'm sitting here on my couch alone tonight and I'm just thinking. Finals suck. Being sick sucks. The holidays are rough. And my significant other and I have split. ..I'm sitting here with a 6 pack (not mine) in my fridge and I'm just weighing how much worse it could be to get rid of how I feel by drinking than just having to face up to the reality that life isn't easy all of the time. It's a big world and if I drink every time something hurts me I'll always be drinking. And I'll fall back into everything I struggle with. ..So I've read through a bunch of posts tonight and obviously I came here to post myself for the 2nd time because I've realized something else that really helps me to keep going. Sobriety hurts and so do a lot of things almost incessantly but what's truly awful is the mind numbing apathy of blacking out. There's nothing to feel and I could feel nothing. But I'd rather always feel than not feel at all. And maybe getting out of bed in the morning fing sucks but it's always better than sleeping through the morning and having it be impossible to get out in the afternoon...So I guess to everyone else having a hard time these holidays and for all the other shitty things piling up on top I get it. I think we all get it. And it's just better to feel and know that other people feel with you than to have nothing matter at all. Life is better every day and I'm not going to throw away everything I have to try and fix this feeling...I will not drink with you today and thanks for not drinking with me too (:
----------immediate responses--------

Buddha said in life there is suffering. When we accept that we can deal with it better. ..For some reason that always helps me. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Please don't do it! You can make it through today. Just today. Then you can make it through today tomorrow. .I just lost an SO too that has been in my life for 10 years so I really do empathize with you and your pain and the wanting to drink to forget....but we both know that won't truly forget and will just feel like shit. Your 132 day badge looks really good. I hope it says 133 tomorrow. .Sleep is a nice way to forget for a little bit. .I will not drink with you today. *hug*
This is such an absolute stressful time of year with finals if you're in school holidays friends and family.  ..I'm sorry to hear about your break-up.  Break-ups are never fun.  If you love someone you gather battle wounds.  Sometimes those wounds hurt for a long time.  Eventually like with everything we struggle through it becomes easier...That sounds like such BS when you're in the thick of it though...I'm not drinking with you tonight and the thought crossed my mind to do it... for no other reason than the "gift" of wine that's settled in my fridge someone gave me for my birthday.  Reading your post made me stronger...I'm not drinking with you today.
