-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jqwhv/got_a_card_from_my_mom_for_my_1st/

Only my mom husband and two friends who live in a different country know that I'm sober. It's been hard not having anyone around who really understands (as supportive as my husband tries to be he just doesn't really *get* it. In our five years together I've never seen him even tipsy...). I avoided sharing too much with my mom in the beginning because as someone who had struggled with alcohol herself I felt like it was too painful for her to see me battling the same demons. After six months sober I finally told her and I've never seen her more proud. Getting this letter from her has been really emotional and I'm really grateful to have her and this year behind me. ..EDIT for picture:.https://i.imgur.com/xzgOeuu.jpg.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing this  congratulations. 
Congrats!!! Great job!! And amazing supporting mum!! 
That's amazing!  Congrats!  At least your husband doesn't drink.  Ha I'm having the opposite problem with my girlfriend.  She supports me but she still drinks too much.  Another complicated part of the disease I guess!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Really happy for you :-)
Oh gosh little one...this is really touching. It's statements like these that I wish my mom were still alive. A mother's love...nothing like it..Not drinking with you today.
[Congratulations!](https://imgur.com/YRXONBp)
Yay you! Yay Mom.  
congratulations on your first year!!! that's amazing. :) 
That's awesome my dad's a big fan of written letters and they do make a big difference in the way they make me feel. I'm proud of you too!
(Hug) that is so wonderful. We here understand! Congratulations to you. 
Congratulations! And a big shout out to your Mom!! She sounds awesome. 
No picture of the card/letter?
That card was breathtaking
Hiya wow. That is powerful. We earn so many rewards and some of them are priceless like yours...I am have so much gratitude that I made it out alive and with most of my family intact. ..Happy Birthday!
Beautiful! 
Nice my family has never done anything like that for me lol. Congrats.
AWESOME note! Sweet momma.
Keep fighting the good fight.  
Tell your mom a stranger from the internet said she's money...Even though I say it's just another day my mom always remembers my anniversary. That recognition will help keep me sober.
Congratulations! And your mom sounds amazing!
wow. i teared up reading that. absolutely beautiful. :)
Your mummy even made me cry!    congrats so proud of u!
I am so happy you have such fantastic support in your life. Mom is you number one fan! Congrats to you!
That is awesome! I'm teary over here now!!! Congrats on your one year!
Awesome work!   Congratulations :)
How incredibly beautiful. I may not be the first person to say it but it's plain to see. To have someone so supporting of you especially a parent-- who could have so easily just judged and reprimanded as mine have --is something truly worth being grateful and proud of. You're on the right track and you've got a wonderful support system here for you too. Thank you for sharing. &lt;3
Congrats! And your mom is wonderful.
Congratulations and what a sweet letter. My best friend texted me on my first sober year and it meant a lot. I am so happy for you!
Argh I'm too soppy this nearly made me cry
what a sweet letter. and huge congrats on one year!!! it is definitely as your mom pointed out an example of HOPE
You and your mom are awesome!
