-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jy6lt/simple_pleasures/

12/15 is officially the start of day seven. I woke up bawling on the first three days because of remorse and pain. The days are getting easier and I'm able to consciously identify an irrational thought about cravings. Some days are harder than others but I continue to contemplate the last time I drank. Also I've been visiting this sub reddit almost nightly. ..I am grateful for everyone who shares their experiences on here; they help me keep going when my own motivation is lacking. ..I'm actively looking for things to help maintain motivation. With that being said I've realized that I have been missing out on really simple pleasures in life because of the hungover fog. I've started rediscovering the joys of:..-Thinking of those around you; making them dinner and a desert for when they get home because you can actually drive to the store. ..-Waking up early after the first one or two alarms rather than ten or fifteen alarms going off every five minutes. Being able to turn off the extras each morning is nice...-Being able to just stand next to people and not feel weak or wobbly. ..-Not offending someone by asking clarification for something they told you in a conversation days ago. ..-The moment you stop and realize the migraine is subsiding...-Rolling over in the morning and falling back asleep because you *want* to not because you'll be sick if you get out of bed while the room is still spinning. ..-Being able to stand up in the shower every morning rather than feeling so poor that you need to lean on the wall or sit. ..-Not worrying about if anyone else can smell the liquor on your breath the next day. ..-Being able to drive safely the next morning. ..-Feeling confident enough to smile at strangers again at the store. ..-Being present in the moment at home with those you love... and actually enjoying it. ..The last one was a game changer for me. I've been  convinced that nothing can be enjoyed while you're sober. To suddenly realize you're enjoying something and haven't drank any alcohol in days was amazing. ..I don't want to make this journey seem like it's all sunshine and butterflies. By no means has it been but I'm feeling quite positive tonight. I hope this list might help someone who's struggling right now. Iwndwyt!..
----------immediate responses--------

