-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jz63a/consequences/

I just need to get this out. I'm sorry if it's not appropriate in any way. ..A year ago some of my coworkers/friends confronted me about my drinking. I was sober for about 3 months then kept relapsing on and off. I would put together a week or so sober (but never really wanting it) then drink for a couple of weeks repeat. ..13 days ago I finally made what I believe to be a true commitment to sobriety. It hasn't been easy but I feel differently about it this time. I'm feeling all the feelings that used to make me want to drink but I have an underlying resolve that drinking is not a solution and that helps. So I am proud of myself for that. ..Ironically a week ago a coworker told me that  people  think that I am still drinking and I suspect another confrontation might be coming. I know that my past behavior has brought me this consequence. But I am feeling something like anxiety/fear/terror that I may be too late for anyone to believe me. And that feels pretty crushing. These feelings don't make me want to drink I just hate that the gossip is out there and that people are talking about me behind my back. I also know that there's essentially nothing I can do about it (except for keeping up my sobriety to which I am firmly committed). I guess the ultimate emotion here is shame. ..Thanks for listening friends..  
----------immediate responses--------

I purposefully didn't tell my husband I was quitting because I knew he wouldn't believe me. My husband made a comment last night that he noticed I hadn't been drinking. That was at the end of day 11. I only responded with "Yeah." I don't want to get into it with him because I don't want his opinion and added expectations added to my own. I feel the pressure makes it harder since he doesn't understand how anyone would let themselves have alcohol addiction issues. I saw a quote that said "Work Hard In Silence Let Your Success Be The Noise". This is my motto. IWNDWYT 
Two words came to mind when I read your post:  fuck them..Your sobriety is yours. Your happiness is yours. Your truth is yours.   Don't let them condemn you for the actions and decisions the person you used to be made. ..You are who you are now. That is what really matters. ..Take care!
I'm with soberman17. Maybe they're coming from a good place but at the end of the day it's really none of their business. Are they trying to help or are they ganging up on you? Making you feel bad about your drinking will only make you want to drink more. If they're your friends there shouldn't be gossip behind your back.  To me sobriety is a very personal journey and not one to be advertised throughout the office. Past behavior is in the past let it go. From this point forward you can be strong believe in yourself and your ability to do this set boundaries with nosy coworkers who may not have your best interest in mind and own your sobriety. Hold your head high and be proud of what you're doing and don't allow anyone to hold you back. You got this!
That is a perfect response! Thank you!
