-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k33hj/struggling/

This is my first Friday. Not my first Friday sober ever but this time around (there have been many times). I'm just getting the blues feeling like no one really likes me anymore. I struggle with bipolar depression so that might be part of it (just came down from a very long manic episode). ..My husband and I are really struggling financially but we're trying so hard to hide it. We live paycheck to paycheck deciding between overdue bills and groceries. I just went to the grocery store tallying up everything as I went making sure not to go over budget. I ended up having to put things back we needed because I just couldn't afford it. I left in tears it was so stressful and embarrassing. We're still trying to buy Christmas presents for everyone because we don't want anyone to know how bad it is. But it's just another expense I don't think we'll be able to buy anything for each other this year. ..I dont want to drink over this because I know drinking again will be the end for me. End of my marriage end of my career maybe even the end of my life. But tonight feels especially hard. I guess I'm just looking for some words of encouragement. I really really hope this gets better. ..Edit: Thanks guys I'm actually feeling a lot better. It's really great to know I'm not alone in this!! 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm struggling tonight myself. Don't have much experience to throw in as I'm just starting out myself but we'll be in this together if you need someone to chat with..
Tough time of the year. I am thankful for what I have but been certainly a financial challenge. Hang in there. I am rooting for you. 
Find your local food pantry. I use mine going tomorrow aamof... You can do this. Winston Churchill said "When you'e going through Hell *keep going!*.
I sorry you're having such a hard time. Drinking will not solve anything it'll probably just make you feel worse. You can get through this. 
When things get rough and I want to drink I fast forward to the next day. Everything that I have worked for towards my sobriety will be lost. I will be hungover and my problems will still be there.
I will not drink with you today!  ..  If your struggling financially DON'T buy Christmas presents!!!  Be honest with your friends/family.  They wouldn't want you to spend your money on silly things.  Give the gift of yourself to your loved ones give them your time!  
Hang in there! I hear you on the financial struggles. No need to spend money on a liquid depressant. It just makes things worse. Sending you strength!
