-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k37en/a_different_way_to_end_a_long_hard_day/

I'm a middle school social worker so my days are filled with challenges and adventures. Today started  with an student disclosing abuse at 8:15 and the remainder of the day spent supporting her while in crisis. I love this kid - she's awesome - but it was an emotionally draining day to say the least. About halfway through the day I realized that my normal  reward  for a day like today would be cracking open a fresh box of wine and drinking my brain numb. Made me stop and realize that no wonder I struggle with anxiety and depression because I just bury every emotion in the bottle!.So tonight I will enjoy my home cooked leftovers from Mom watch some comedy snuggle with my cat and actually journal about my feelings instead of drowning them. I'm so grateful to have found this community and know that I can reach out when things are tough and feel the love. I will not drink with you all today!!
----------immediate responses--------

And by Monday you will be at three weeks!  School social work is hard work.  I hope you have a great weekend!
I teach middle school so I just want to say "thank you!" Knowing there is someone who can help our kids when we feel helpless is amazing. I have a kid who's spending Christmas living at the homeless shelter with his mom and his 2 younger siblings and it's weighing on me right now  so i feel you about trying to "drink until we can't feel feelings anymore." We're gonna make it.
This is a few days late but I had it open in my browser because I just needed to say something! I'm a social worker too (currently health care used to be child protection) and it is so easy to cope with all the emotions with wine at the end of the day. It's even a joke I hear a fair bit - "really hard day -&gt; definitely a wine night". Of course I could never stop at just one glass would drink the bottle and then feel hazy and more anxious and low mood the next day and less better to handle the next round of tough emotional things that are everyday in this field. IWNDWYT :) 
