-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k6dzl/really_really_struggling_and_feeling_like_im/

Guys I need help again as I'm strugglingyet again!..So normally in every day life I feel quite strong in my sobriety but last night I went out with my colleagues and I really wish I would have drank! I know I'm sociable and funny when I'm drunk and yesterday I was just my old boring self. ..Now. I realise there are people and things I enjoy sober and I shouldn't need to drink to make other people who just aren't "my" people more interesting. But I'm struggling as I feel left out and I know drinking would've made me part of the group somehow for that one night...But then again I know when I'm sober and at work I'd be the old me again....I guess I'm having troubles with accepting myself and not having many sober friends or even friends who drink but with whom I'd have things to talk about. I really didn't have much to say to my coworkers yesterday (they also talked mostly about work so yeahh)...I'm just really struggling and in-between drinking and being sober. I want to be proud of my sobriety but if it makes me a shy mouth-shut boring person in the company of others I really feel I cannot be proud of being sober. :'(
----------immediate responses--------

Don't do it! Don't throw it away. There's nothing wrong with you Like you said they're just not "your" people. Find your people  hold on. Thinking of you
You're almost at a year and that's something to definitely be proud of. One of the problems with giving up alcohol which you seem aware of is that you're left with you... ..It sounds like you've already made some big changes and usually when I start to feel the way you describe it's time to take the next step in recovery. ..However you want to do it working on who you are will make you feel much more comfortable with yourself. Whether it's through a 12 step program a therapist or self help books it sounds like you need to look internally for your answer. ..They way I look at working on myself is just by doing the next right thing... Being of service to others is my first step to growth. Whether it's friends family or strangers. Simple acts of kindness or going out of your way to help someone it's all good stuff that in turn helps you too. 
I want to commend you for going that evening without giving in. I can totally relate. The last party I was at gave me similar feelings. All I could do then was to play the tape forward and see that a few hours of fun wouldn't stand up against days and weeks of renewed craving. I also found that being sober didn't *really* make me boring. It did however make my arguments better and more interesting even if the other guys couldn't always follow up. As a bonus showing off my NA quality beer scored me extra points and the fact that I was sober probably helped a couple of other guys to take it slow. I'm proud of the strenght I showed that night and I'm proud of the strenght you showed yesterday.
I want you to be so proud of being sober! This is a Big Deal! You are almost at a YEAR! My counselor accused me a couple of weeks back of being  complacent  in my Sobriety! She said I needed to  up my Sober Game  to help me hang on to it. I'm not sure she's right but I'm going with her observations. I bought the Smart Recovery Workbook &amp; I have been working my way thru it. I've only been to one SR meeting &amp; I did not like it but their website is pretty good. I'm going to try an online meeting over the holidays. I wish you smooth sober sailing!
Congrats on the  349!  I know just what you mean.  Alcohol lubicates the funny girl in me too. When I'm with my close friends this doesn't matter but in a social setting such as you are describing I talk TV. Sounds lame but it's working. I give recommendations and get recommendations. People get very impassioned over shows. Quite interesting actually. You have a significant amount of sober time accumulated don't lose it to accommodate other's entertainment. Not worth it in my opinion  you are.  I will not drink with you today. 
Don't forget that we as alcoholics are different than people that can moderate. It's OK to be boring around people.
I assume you wrote this post sober. In which case you are the antithesis of BORING my friend. You are a rocking flipping TRUTH teller door opener sky is the limit person I want in my corner. .I am in your corner. You keep it real. Stay true!  With love and admiration I will not drink with you today. 
Coming to terms with the fact I'm an introvert took quite a while for me. I've been where you are at the moment. Don't forget relapse is a choice!..The truth for me is that I'm not a party animal without booze. I'd rather not be there. There are plenty of other times I can be sociable. Out on the piss and Christmas is not one of them.....I wish you well and will not drink with you today.
You can do this! I know that I feel left out lots of times - and then I use alcohol to "make that feeling go away" but it doesn't really make it go away and then I wind up hungover anxious *and* feeling left out. Ouch!!!..It's really natural to feel that way I think. Especially when you are making a big change in your life like you have. I mean wow!!! A whole year! I'm dreaming of that and am so impressed by what you've accomplished so far! Be proud!..Maybe the feeling of being left out is your unconscious mind telling you it's time to go get some new awesome friends who you really connect with?? :-)
IWNDWYT!!
I felt much the same as you a couple of weeks back. For me I seemed to have forgotten why I'd stopped. My drinking friends were being weird around me and it seemed so ...pointless?  Figured I may as well stick it out to the year. Then the strangest thing happened - those feelings of pointlessness just disappeared! I realised it was just alcoholic brain trying to get a hold of me again. I'm happy and relieved now and not fighting urges. ..Hang in there! You've got this far. I won't drink with you today :)..
You *should* feel boring and bored when people are sitting around talking about work--don't waste your sobriety on fitting in to mass boringness. You feel boring because you don't have anything to say about the most boring topic in the universe. There's nothing wrong with you! It's good news that you cannot be content with that when there are approximately nineteen thousand fascinating profound things to discuss about this outrageous world. ..Sobriety raised your standards for what you want and need out of life. It gave you access to true wonder and now you're not satisfied by the ritual of fitting in to fit in. You'll never be satisfied by that again and at first it can make you feel lost and flat. But not forever...Keep seeking that heat that light. There are others who also seek it. 
Download the This Naked Mind audiobook and (re)listen to it for 30+ minutes each day! 
I think youll find that you have earned alot of respect and you feel better about your boring self. Losing that would suck ass. You cant go back. I hate my drunk funny jolly self anymore. 3 hours of drunk for 3 days of looking like a fuck shit sandwich..
Hmmm ok I have an idea about this and I hope it helps you or I'm sorry if I'm way off the mark. It sounds like it may be difficult to be around others who or drinking. That might be the biggest issue. Not you really but how you feel when others or drinking. It makes me think of something Andrew Johnson says in his recording that might help. Consider checking out Stop Drinking with Andrew Johnson. It's an app. It's been a life saver for me. Sometimes I can't believe how much that recording has helped me. I hope it might help you too..IWNDWYT 
I only recently quit and one of the hardest things to even getting started was that so much of my identity was tied into being a drinker. it was how I identified and the thought of not drinking and losing this whole aspect of how I view myself scared the shit out of me. what do I replace that with? losing that part of my identity felt like losing a leg or something.  .sadly I am not at a point yet where I have an answer. been doing AA a whatnot but I can relate to not being the 'funny drunk guy' anymore and in fact being rather boring. I try to console myself with the thought that boring me doesn't get into trouble much.  .stay strong and thanks for sharing glad I am not alone in this.
"Im sociable and funny when I drink"..Me too.  Or so I thought. I'm actually obnoxious but I'm drunk and ignore all forms of body language and other feedback.  Maybe I actually am funny for a little while but one drink becomes 6 becomes 12 and then I'm just a straight fucking idiot....Not saying you're the same way but try to be really honest with yourself about how you act drunk.  I tend to fall off the wagon when I start believing idealized versions that just aren't true.  Like I start to believe that I have more fun drunk. I'm a week out from falling off the wagon and it was a stark reminder that I don't even have fun most of the time.  But in a day or week or month I'll start convincing myself that I do. Again.  
Do anything and everything you do like and love in life; anything no matter how small or how big; allow yourself everything else; because if you drink that's all you'll have. 
Go hang out with a bunch of Sober drunks in real life. They are super easy to find at any AA meeting.
