-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k96rb/i_want_to_hide_forever/

I have been trying to get sober for years now. Years and years and years. It'd work for a while then I'd relapse hard. Harder and harder until I started getting pancreatitis kidney infections...did that stop me? Nope sure didn't. ..About a week ago everything came to a head when I tried to quit cold turkey I don't fully remember how it happened but I got up to try to use the bathroom and collapsed and passed out. My husband somehow got me in the car and I woke up on the way to the ER. ..The nurses rushed me into the back and started doing all the tests. My urine was completely red my pulse was through the roof and I was in a lot of pain...They took me to do a sonogram of my stomach while my husband waited with my daughter in my hospital room. When they wheeled me back in the room my husband was crying I asked him what was wrong and he just shook his head and said wait for the doctor to tell you. The doctor walked in and said first of all I was extremely dehydrated I also had pancreatitis but the biggest issue I'm in the beginning stages of liver failure. I'm only 27. ..Even more shitty than that I got admitted that night. I started hallucinating and thought people were attacking me and my dreams started mixing with reality. I couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't real anymore. I had to get sedated repeatedly. I am so embarrassed and never even want to show my face at that veterans hospital againbut I have to because that's who my healthcare is through. I was crying and screaming and trying to run from doctors ripping IVs out. ..I'm home now but extremely depressed and sad and I just want to cry all the time. Idk where I'm going with this just...what do I do now? I'm confused and ashamed and still in pain and want to hide under my blankets forever.
----------immediate responses--------

Did the hospital talk about your discharge plan what you should do after you got out?  You have been through the fire.  To me the good news is that there are so many things you can do about this problem.  Are you getting any type of therapy?  What has worked in the past?  I'm so sorry for all of your sad feelings I truly am.  You deserve peace.  SD is a very good place to get support and ideas.  I know others will chime in here with support for you.
Wow girl you have been through a lot. I am glad you landed in the ER if only to find out the truth from your body. It's going to be a tough road but you truly have your whole life in front of you. We are here for you. You can even post from under those blankets. :-) 
Many of us have been there.  As another poster mentioned follow your discharge directions to the detail.  You're a military person.  You know how to follow orders soldier.  All of your issues can be maintained if not cured.  ..Your liver is an amazing organ in that it is one of the few that can heal itself  (even the heart can't do that).  But clearly you have to stop drinking you're going to probably have to go on a special diet.  You're going to go through more shitty withdrawal  (look up Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome or PAWS as it relates to alcohol)...Don't misunderstand your liver isn't going to be "good as new" just because you stop drinking for a year.  You're on to a new chapter in your life that means you have to watch what you eat what you drink  (soda and such) and how to take care of yourself.  And often it's going to feel a lot easier to just say "fuck it".  But don't.  You have a little girl that depends on you...You're not a bad person.  You're not a weak person.  You're just a person in a bad situation.  Crawl under those covers for a while but then get up determined to take your life back...Pancreatitis is very common - even among those of us that don't indulge.  It is treatable.  Trust your doctor.  Your liver can heal if you give it time.  27 is far too young to throw in the towel.  ..We're here for you if you need us.
Glad you're here...I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!
You can do this momma. I went by ambulance from my family doctor's office to the hospital last year.  I relapsed &amp; had binged so much that I didn't even know how long I was hospitalized or that I was in the ICU until the hospital bill arrived later. ..Please don't let embarrassment ever hold you back. My family doctor my children's doctor and my employer all know the depth of the issues I had with drinking.  It is ok. Hold your head up high &amp; know that you are not the mistakes you may have made in the past.  I am sober today and I am doing my best.  That in itself is valuable.  You are important and worthy of a good healthy life.  Day by day I am working on mine. Sending you Internet hugs. .
Remember that wasn't the real you going through that it was the drink. When you come out the other side of this sober it will be a valuable memory.
I haven't read a story here in a bit that made me feel so much for a person. I am rooting for you. You have your whole life ahead of you. It's hard but so worth it.  I had to keep to sober people and sober places and when I started to feel that feeling of needing to drink I called in my case my sponsor and pulled my self out of the situation. I work at my sobriety every day. Reading here. Talking to sober people going through the same thing as me. Good luck. I  never regret changing my life. 
The good news is you never have to feel this way again unless you want to...For me not drinking one day at a time has been the key...Life has changed exponentially for me...I no longer have to go to bed with a drink on the nightstand so I can stop the shakes in the middle of the night...I no longer piss blood or throw up blood and alcohol...Stark differences  perhaps a bit graphic....The new way of life for me started with not drinking today.  Very simple...Be good to you today  you deserve it 
This makes me so sad because how young you are. I'm 32 and currently trying to stop drinking as well. How about we get well together? All of us here together. 
We have a daily check in.  I try and do it first thing when i wake up.   It sets the tone and it makes me accountable. ..We also have a badge too.  It says how many days without alcohol.   It seems silly but the thought of resetting my badge has prevented a few relapses...This place has been instrumental in my recovery m. There's a lot of good people around this lil corner of the net...
All the best to you. You can do this!.How much and for how long did you drink if I may ask? 27 seems young to have these serious conditions even for a heavy consumer. 
