-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kczbw/really_rough_week_would_love_some_support_my/

On Monday I was diagnosed with lupus and sjorgen's syndrome. My anniversary was this past 11/25/2017 - one year baby! I'm proud of myself! It's funny being diagnosed with chronic diseases was a little easier than I expected and I attribute it to sobriety. The concept of 'forever' here was made easier because I already dealt with that struggle when I committed to a future of sobriety. Also I'm far healthier and more able to handle this condition. ..Now here's the vulnerability. I feel so foolish. I had this kind of hope of a gift from the universe for making it past one year. It may sound immature but it's how I felt and in return I received the gift of two autoimmune diseases. It just feels like I'm going to have to live the rest of my life atoning for a short reckless time. I'm 27 and it gets overwhelming at times because I'm not sure I've been able to fully accept what's happening. ..Thanks in advance everyone. I will not drink with you today!..P.S Russell Brand's new book Recovery is phenomenal for anyone struggling with addiction. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry you've had a rough week. I have MS so I know all about the shock of getting a diagnosis of a chronic illness. The only thing I can say is that the best thing that I can do for my poor body that I have abused so badly is to be kind to it now with the best self-care possible. And the very best self-care is not drinking. Sending you good vibes and belated congrats on your one year!
Congrats on the year.  Sorry to hear your medical news but can only imagine how much worse - both progressed and emotionally this would be if you were still in the hole....
I guess it has been a rough week for you! I am sorry about the diagnosis I can only imagine. Hats off to staying strong amazing!!! One day at a time right? SO has a chronic illness as well I totally understand. We are holding out hope for new therapies and just take one day at a time. .Thanks for the book tip I am going to look it up! AND congrats on 1 year!!!!!
Sorry to hear about this development...Sending hugs...Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
I'm sorry about your diagnoses. Congratulations on a year and staying strong through this! I'm not drinking with you today.
Bummer. I've also had a tough diagnosis in the past.
