-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ke9ic/woke_up_with_that_chug_water_now_feeling_of_regret/

Woke up around 2 AM to that lurch of  oh my god must chug water now!  Dry mouth. Headache...Through the haze of waking up I struggled to remember what all I'd had to drink the night before so upset that I'd given up on commitment to being alcohol free...Then I remembered: It was lime Perrier. And my heat was cranked up way too high. ..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Hahaha Same thing happened to me this morning....I had a phantom hangover for all of two minutes then realized I just drank grapefruit seltzer all night watching movies....IWNDWYT!
Similar.  Had a stuffy nose so woke with lips and mouth dry and that first twinge of concern.  But no worries.  Only over-indulged on Coca-Cola last night no regrets!
I've been doing that every night this week! My allergies are killing me and I wake up with death mouth in a panic about what I've done. Then I realize it's snoring and my nose is stopped up. ..It's not a great feeling but it is because it's not from drinking. ..Lime Perrier doesn't get enough love here! ..I will not drink with you today. 
Whew!
You had me worried there! Well done on 9 days :)
I woke today feeling almost like I had a hangover before I realized my heat was cranked and that I'd passed out munching popcorn watching star trek lol . 
Oh thank god! Haha. Glad your story turned around at the end. I was starting to feel sad. Keep it up.   
Haha! Well done. 
Kinda new here what is IWNDWYT ?
Lmao you goof ball  
Haha nice. I will not drink with you today.
Even worst when you can't even keep water down...The absolute worst...And good thing many of us will no longer deal with such a problem. :)
Drinking orange Perrier right now
Omg!!! Some of the night mares I have woken up to! And it's been six months now and it still happens!!
Today my mom told me I have a serious addiction to Lime Perrier it was the best intervention I've ever had. 
Just this morning I watched my husband chug water after he woke up (he still drinks). That unquenchable  feeling of thirst. I remember it so well. Soooo glad that's not me anymore. 
