-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kfeym/i_guess_i_dont_have_it_under_control_long_post/

TL;DR: Thinking that it might be time to call it quits after a year in which I thought I had managed to "get it under control." But struggling to accept the reality of this feeling. Details below...First post here - I've lurked a little in the past. ..Seeking advice support and honesty and a place to share these thoughts and actions with people who won't be shocked.  ..2017 was going to be a brand new start for me after a post-turning-30 episode of weekly binge drinking in Q4 of last year that in all honesty could easily have ruined my marriage - I would get my head on straight - and up until Thursday of this week that was mostly true.  ..Apart from a six month period of near nightly drinking in my early twenties (which culminated in my mother convincing me to come to an open AA meeting) I have mostly been a binge drinker - 2 to 4 times a month but often hitting the bar very heavily when I did go out. 80% of the time I would get away with it and have a supposedly "great night" but over the last ten years now that I think about it I have paid dearly for those nights. Related to drinking I have:..- broken two bones the worst resulting in surgery and months of recovery.- cheated on partners.- ruined friendships.- insulted co-workers.- fought with strangers.- smashed glasses and plates.- punched myself in rage and self-hate.- cried in the street .- passed out in the street (rescued by a friend I later alienated with drunken behaviour).- lost wallets/keys/phones/bags.- had partial and a few total blackouts.- drank myself into such a stupor that I trapped a nerve which resulted in a near-paralysed foot for a month.- fallen asleep on transport and ended up stranded.- struggled to find my way home.- tried to throw myself over a balcony.- permanently forgotten things (like my bank card pin number).- spent hundreds in a single night (that I couldn't afford).- lost more days to hangovers than I care to recall and felt utterly ashamed and sickened by my actions..Many of these things happened many years ago now but some of them are frighteningly recent now that I look at them - and feel scarily repeatable in the context of this week. ..You see at first I'm the life and soul of the party when I have had a few. People actively seek me out they want me at their parties they encourage me to lead the way my nights have become the office and friendly "legends" new starters are told about "make sure you go out with X" people reminisce about the "crazy fun" we had that time.  But the truth is that even on a "good" night I'll refuse to stop and then I'll be the last man standing (or staggering) to fall out the door. And the next day as I have been since Thursday I will bargain with myself that I am not that bad and that surely "everyone does this sometimes". Knowing full well that many don't need to do it at all ever or are at home in bed while I am determined for the night to continue pointlessly at all hours of the morning. And few have the litany of regret that I do from the nights when I wasn't lucky enough to run out of alcohol before I ran out of good fortune...And that brings us to now. ..I thought I was doing well this year. Working out meditating practising stoicism going vegetarian giving up drinking entirely for 2 months earlier in the year etc. etc. and convincing myself that I had "changed my relationship" with alcohol...Then on Thursday night there was a work Christmas party - and I decided I would have one whisky. Which became two. Followed by a Guinness that became who knows how many. Then there were cocktails and shots at a nightclub at my insistence and expense. The night ended with me being escorted home by a concerned colleague and friend who I was belligerent with and who I had to apologise to the next day and then with me falling and banging my face leaving me with a swollen and bruised lip. And being lucky that was all. ..And now I feel the depression kicking in - a sad lonely voice in my head is telling me I've not really changed. And it makes me think back to August when I was the last man standing at a work conference - that was one of the "good nights" though there was a moment that could have made it one of the worst so I didn't count it in the drunken ledger until now. Or in the last few months when dinners out are being accompanied more and more often with a bottle of wine instead of just a glass. ..There is another Christmas party tomorrow (I work across two offices) - and I don't think I want to do this again. And I know I don't want to be that person. ..There is a lot more I could say but I think this is enough for now. I've never asked for support before but I had to let this out...Thank you for reading it was long - I guess it comes down to this:..I didn't drink today. I don't want to drink tomorrow. But I'm struggling to believe I won't. ..
----------immediate responses--------

You never have to feel like this again...Glad you're here...I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!
You don't have to do it any more.  You can be the guy that wakes up feeling proud about last night.  I'm proud of you today.  Stoicism is a great tool to help you focus on virtue.  And the discipline it takes to maintain it.  And the benefits you will derive too.  I am very happy not to be drinking with you today.      
Sounds cliche but I've finally realized alcohol really is like an abusive lover. An incredibly skilled manipulator. It can't be outwitted because it uses your own voice and reasoning. It knows everything about you. ..You had some great times beautiful even. I know. But they will never change. There's no recapturing the spark. It's either cut them loose or suffer. ..Good luck. 
Oh man that sounds like I wrote that text. I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for the link to your post!! WOW! I think we're the same person!...Good for you!! I'm proud of your decision but it terrifies me that I might have to make the same decision....But seriously you're amazing...I guess it probably helps to keep coming on here and reading/writing posts..
Fuck all that stuff about people actively seeking me out to party with and thinking I don't have a problem because I don't drink more than a few times a month hit home. I got wasted and lost my car a few weeks back (forgot where I parked it). I think I have a problem. 
