-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7khjcm/christmas_party_toast_pinch_but_survived/

Went to a very formal Christmas party. Arrived a bit late (big mistake) and my table was already seated and eating. Everyone had a glass of champagne in front of them. They had obviously already toasted but all raised their glasses as I joined them. There was NOTHING else even water on the table to grab. Not wanting to make a big deal of trying to flag down a waiter while everyone is looking at me with their glasses raised I raised my glass and said "happy holidays!" with a big smile on my face. As everyone was taking their sips (with my glass still slightly raised) I turned to the woman next to me and made small talk about feeling terrible about being late. That allowed me to avoid taking a sip and in those few seconds everyone resumed their conversations and no one noticed that I didn`t take a sip of my champagne. Phew. It may sound like such a small thing but it really threw me for a loop. I don`t like making my sobriety a big deal and I still have not told that many people I don`t drink. I am/was very private about my struggle and this was not a group that I need to explain myself to. Only one person commented that I was not drinking. I have seen her at a few dinners recently and she said "you haven`t been drinking lately have you?". I replied "no". Offered no other information and she didn`t ask and that was the end of that. .My first sober holiday season. Definitely learned my lesson to arrive early!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Nicely done.      
Seamless. Congratulations on a job well done!
Way to go!..This might handy for future situations: When someone toasts you etiquette dictates that you're not supposed to raise your glass or drink to yourself--so there's any easy out!..
That's awesome! I may steal that move at the party I have coming up haha
Tis the season for holiday temptation... nice job avoiding it! ..I went to a wedding a few months ago where the bride had planned a tequila toast in addition to the usual ones. Thanks to *This Naked Mind* I knew one drink wouldn't send me spiraling downward but still didn't want to break my streak so I substituted Sprite in my shotglass and water for the toasts.  Streak on!
Well done you! I'm really proud of you. My fancy Christmas company dinner is this Wednesday and I'm already dreading it. Drinking is part of the company culture and preferably I want to avoid talking about it altogether. My colleagues are the kind to press on about why I'm not drinking. Not looking forward to it at all. &gt;.&lt;
Bravo! Great thinking!
