-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ki6bj/meditation_on_two_weeks/

Been lurking 'round here for a while now just wanted to say 'hullo' to everyone and thanks for doing what you do...Long story short- I didn't start drinking until I was in my 20s. Was always mildly concerned that I'd follow the same path of an alcoholic father / mother and so on- though things changed and I became a fairly consistent social sipper by the time I turned 22. I was involved in a lot of music and DJ culture and lived in a lot of 'artist spaces' and was fundamentally surrounded by booze constantly. Have usually been a more introverted creature in my adult life and found that I enjoyed having my six pack or scotch at home solo. Got into a pretty rough habit over those following years of drinking just about every single day for about ten years. Never worried that much about it since I never had "the episode" that is I was always fine with my habits because I never got the DUI never blacked out never got too out of hand in a social situation. Always had some silly pride in being the kind of drunk who would mind his manners and clean up after himself and pass out when everything was fine...Last year I began to take learning how to code much more seriously not just as a hobby but as a passion and a goal to eventually find a career in technological anything. I've dropped out of college twice and steadily worked in supermarkets and grocery stores most of my adult life. I was chasing things in academia that didn't suit me and thus floundered and faded out every few semesters. The one constant in all of this time was beer. Drank a lot of beer! A lot! To some it might not be a lot but after a while I began to get a little concerned that I was drinkin 4-6 tallboys a night just about every single night. Fell into routines of working easy jobs and chasing easy routines at stupid bars around other drunk people. It was getting boring but that's what I felt when I'd go out to drink another 4-6; I was bored all of the time! I was always composing some kind of music but over time my attention and effort was really beginning to slow down and I just wasn't putting much effort into anything other than getting to the bar at some point to chain smoke and stare at neon walls. ..Had a pretty rough gig 2 weeks ago today had a little too much to drink before getting setup and fucked up a lot and wasn't having any fun at all doing the thing that was always supposed to be the most fun. I got bummed out after it was over and sorta sleepwalk'd to the bar across the street and started drinkin more 'cause I was so displeased with myself and with how it all went. Halfway thru my third round I started feeling kinda ill and decided to walk home not realizing how much the alcohol was hitting me- I hadn't really eaten much that day and was a bit more blurry than usual. Got home and saw all the empty cans around my room noticed the stale smell of half-empty PBR and unexpectedly started thinking out loud what would happen if I hm didn't drink for a while I've never tried that before...It's been 2 weeks since I've had a drop of alcohol and I can't explain how much better everything- absolutely everything- feels. My head is clear and my mood is level. I'm asleep by 1 and awake by 9:30 every day (working in a restaurant and carrying a dedicated habit of drinking these hours are highly unusual for me to be in bed.) I have more energy than I know what to do with. I spend my free time working on learning how to code and the information is so much more easy to comprehend and to remember- seriously I don't know how I managed to learn anything comprehensively in that routine until I just stopped drinking. I have literally 4 to 5 more hours in my day to do the things that I want to do and furthermore do a lot more things that I want to do because I'm not drunk inside of a bar thinking about things that I should do. My face is changing colors and I don't look exhausted all of the time. I used to think how great it was that I never ever seemed to get hangovers that is until I stopped drinking and realized that it wasn't a full-blown K.O. hangover but rather a steady hum and ring in my head that I woke up to everyday how the sun would make my head swell leaving the house in the morning how mentally unglued I was the first couple hours until I shook out it was like waking up with a permanent hangover every day. My central nervous system has improved and I've noticed how much more balance I have in my body once my head isn't so preoccupied. ..I'm kind of just drooling this all out at the keyboard right now talking in twenty different directions at once I know. It's just a lot of things swirling thru my head explaining this all. I've been very hesitant to tell people so far for I know that trap of making yourself feel good about something that you know you're still in the process of doing how that usually goes. 'Cause yo it's only 14 days. And I didn't really plan for this at all it just kind of happened. I know it sounds ridiculous but it does kind of worry me how simple it was to get to this point. What I mean is I haven't had a second thought about not drinking at any point so far. I played a couple gigs in bars since with no desire at all for something to sip on other than water. I was just at a bar with a friend whom I haven't seen in a while and sat with her while she had three beers and I had no desire whatsoever quite the opposite actually. I was thinking how glad I was not to be drinking right now how I'm gonna go home afterwards and maybe even talk to Reddit about this whole experience. Understand I'm not sorry this isn't more difficult I'm very thankful that this has been manageable and that I've had this time to understand how awesome everything is when I don't partake in this. It just gives me some pause to wonder why this wasn't more of a struggle. Dunno if any of you have had a similar experience but maybe it's just the realization of how nice life is without that is enough of a motivation to not drink. I didn't set a goal for myself in X weeks X years never again etc. because I just wanted to 'dry out' for a while. Over a few days though and it's pretty clear to me that this is the kind of life I've always wanted to have and that there's no reason at all I would enjoy drinking again. I've always had a daydream of being that guy at the Place who could decline and explain 'yeah I don't really drink.' There's no social pressure I feel I take a lot of pride in it already albeit prematurely probably but it feels nice sitting in that bar with my friend and explaining why I don't want to drink anymore and no it's fine you can drink whatever you want and no this place doesn't bother me at all. If anything it's a feeling of empowerment I not sure I've ever really experienced before. ..Common lament though from a lot of your posts that I've been reading over the last 9-12 months (I've always been so enamored of you guys and love to read your stories and struggles it's very inspiring and I think thru osmosis maybe eventually inspired me) is that it's pretty hard to find people to hang out with in Philadelphia when you're 31 and don't drink. All my friends drink whether here and there or knock em down it's just a common theme in socialization when you're living around here when you're this age. I've been keeping my head down these last couple weeks and just working on my lessons and trying tenfold to get better at the things I'm trying to learn going to the gym again just keeping myself occupied. Though man for someone who doesn't go out of the way to hang out with people sobriety is an island. What do you guys feel about this? I never liked talkin to girls when I was drunk in a bar but then again I don't really run into a lot of girls maybe tryin to talk when I'm not in a bar. I never liked making friends at a bar because I just wanted to be quiet and think but now it's not very often there are people to meet after the sun goes down around here. It's kind of crazy to me now but now that I feel all this alcohol evaporating from my system I'm suddenly a lot more interested in being around people. Just forget how that works I guess...Jesus christ this got really long. Realize I'm foaming at the mouth here but I guess what I've been trying to say is: hi I don't drink anymore and hope it'll remain that way / thank you for all you guys and girls do I have so much respect for this sub and everyone reading and contributing &amp; always find so much energy and motivation in everyone taking the steps to constantly elevate and to communicate and be a better version of Themselves. 
----------immediate responses--------

I loved this post reminds me of all the reasons for me to keep stopped! Hasn't been quite so easy for me but it's nice to read someone else epiphany. Truth is I don't think anyone else cares if we're drinking we just think they do. Have also realised I'm much more engaging and attractive when I'm not drinking just need a chance to prove this thesis since I've recently proved the opposite!
Sober life is like having a veil lifted. It takes some time to get accustomed to but hot damn there s a lot of goodness to be found and experienced. You don t really see it until you re there. Thanks for sharing happy to see you taking part! I will not drink with you today :-)
Well done! Isn't it fantastic? ..There is so much more to life than propping up a bar! You'll meet people at... Gym running club yoga dance classes (excellent skill for impressing the girls) volunteering/ charity organisations open mic nights amateur theatre art class foreign language class.... or just do as I like to do and have a wander around town chatting to shop attendants waiters anyone you encounter!
All good things take time. How much socializing really did you do while you were drinking? Is it really that much different than the amount you've done over the last couple weeks? Now that you're riding a wave of good feelings maybe it's time to explore other opportunities to meet folks.
