-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kjctt/any_other_runnersathletes_struggle_when_injured/

I've for years thought of myself as having a bit of a drinking problem but not being an alcoholic. I don't think that's denial I think that's just an accurate assessment...One recurring issue is that when I'm healthy and can exercise regularly alcohol is no big deal. I've gone months without drinking while training for a race and when I'm running every day I can maintain a healthy relationship with alcohol where I just have a couple drinks on the weekend...Then when I get injured and can't exercise I find myself sitting on the couch crawling out of my skin so I grab a drink. Pretty quickly I'm drinking 7 days a week or getting blackout drunk multiple times a week. As I get older the injuries are only going to get more frequent and the recovery longer so it's not exactly a great habit to keep up...Anyone else have a similar experience?
----------immediate responses--------

Exercise releases those feel good endorphins which is why exercise is highly recommended for people with substance abuse issues. Perhaps when your injured and not exercising your body/brain is craving that  high  and you revert to alcohol. 
[removed]
Yes it happened to me. I was sober almost 7 months and running 30-35mpw until I developed Plantar Fasciitis. I could barely walk let alone run. I sat on the couch picked up a drink and that became my new routine. Injuries suck. 
Similar issue here. If I can exercise and keep my body weary from physical exertion I have almost no craving. But if I have long periods of missed days to to injury or work-travel it gets hard. ..This sub is helping me a lot. I won't drink with you today!
YES! A few months after I ran a marathon I developed arthritis in my knee (not the marathon's fault I had ACL repair as s teen and it leads to arthritis a lot). I used that as a  blessing  to slow down and  enjoy a few drinks.  Or you know two bottles of wine. ..I think that craziness is innate in my brain. Sometimes I can burn it off by running. Sometimes it's drinking too much. I really need to find arthritis-friendly ways to burn it off at the moment. 
