-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kow30/3_years_sober_still_trying_to_climb_out_of_that/

As of today I am 3 years sober not only from alcohol but also drugs. The time I spent wasted is wasted time that I will never get back. I still really struggle with the depression that drive me to the drink but I'm doing my best to cope in positive ways rather than the destructive. It's been a neat year I think I finally know what I want to do with my life and I think I may have found someone to spend that life with. Bad days still happen and they likely always will its just a matter of finding positive ways of pushing through. I love you all and I wish you the best on your personal journeys. We're going to make it through. 
----------immediate responses--------

We can't change the past but we can start today and change the ending. 
This is wonderful      thank you for posting 
Congrats!! You got this we all got this. Hope there's many more years to come. 
Happy third sober circle around the sun.  Blessings on your year...
Congrats on three years 
Congrats on 3 years and the time wasn't wasted if it left you with a sense of gratitude for your time remaining and a determination to make the most of it. We do have a certain appreciation for the sunshine after having dwelled in a hole. 
3 years and going strong! Nice job!! ..I'm not drinking tonight. No way no how. 
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing some of your story and the sage words. Iwndwyt!
Congrats on the 3 sober years! Wishing you the best! I will not drink with you today! 
Congrats on your 3 years I just passed mine and know exactly how you feel with the depression dance.  Just one foot forward at a time.  
Congratulations and thank you for posting this anniversary. Hearing from people who have come so far is comforting. 
Well done you've achieved an amazing thing being 3 years sober. What an inspiration! 
Congrats on three years! That is huge my friend!  
Yea we are gonna make it! Congrats to you &amp; thanks for your post!
 
Forget years lost that's 3 years gained plus however many more years out there you want to take for yourself.
 Though no one can go back and make a brand new start anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.  -- Carl Bard
Just remember thanks to your work the hole isn't getting any deeper. 
I was struggling hard during year two as well but year three brought me much more peace and positivity. Focus on your mental health exercise and give back however you can. Best of luck!
Congratulations you now have the luxury of what's called "quality problems" keep up w/ that good sir/madam.
Happy 3 today is my 4 damn good day to stop drinking. And you summed it up simply. Congrats and enjoy your life!
Wow congrats on 3 years! :D I'm still really early in recovery but I think there will always be bad days. How you choose to deal with them dictates exactly how bad you'll allow those days to become...I recently went to see the last jedi. Yoda had a great line: "The greatest teacher failure is"...It does feel like time wasted but it's time you needed to make mistakes and subsequently learn from those mistakes. You've learned things some people may never learn and those things allow you to live your life exactly the way you want to. :) ..Thank you for sharing. I will not drink with you today! ....
Thank you. You should be very proud of yourself.   ..In terms of the wasted time please forgive yourself. We are our own worst critics but at the same time we are only humans living in a very turbulent and uncertain world.  ..The fact you have turned your life around shows you have great internal strength and a solid moral compass.   
Congratulations on 3 years of sobriety!!
6 months here and thought i was bad ass. 3 years is awesome
3 years is great!  You do need to find a way to forgive yourself and move past.  I know it's easier said than done.  If you are still struggling you should think about talking to a counselor to get a mental health evaluation.  You might have an un-diagnosed mental health disorder: depression mood disorderetc. and those things don't go away on their own.  The not drinking part certainly helps but doesn't always solve everything.  ..Whatever you do don't go back to drinking!  3 years is a HUGE accomplishment!
Congrats! In the words of Bob Dylan "Keep on keepin' on!"
You working actively to better your life and getting rid of an very destructive habit for 3 whole years is a very impressive and inspiring feat. Great job!
Great share. Congrats on the three (3) years!
Well done Mate!
Nothing was wasted just lived differently. A learning experience. Keep going your new journey has just begun.
Good for you! One day at a time. 
Congrats on three years!  Keep on digging but put that dirt under you so you have something to stand on.
This is inspiring--thank you for sharing!
The good news is you are not waking up in prison.  ..One guy I know who's been in 30 years or so says that's the worst part every morning waking up where am I? Oh shit.  
congratulations on 3 years. that is truly amazing. like other people have said nothing is wasted if it got you to this point of clarity and gratitude. enjoy this sober life you have - there's a lot more amazing things in store for you!! IWNDWYT!
3 years is crazy congrats!! I'm in awe.  
Congratulations and happy sober new year.  I'm 5 1/2 months alcohol and weed free--you are my inspiration.
Congratulations on 3 years you're awesome! Thank you for being here and posting. I'm happy you're doing well!
