-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7krism/i_came_to_rstopdrinking_for_the_first_time_since/

Seeing 43 days absolutely deflated me. I count myself lucky to not have fallen into the darkest places of alcoholism... yet. However my drinking habits were becoming detrimental to my life. I was binging alone drinking the night before important work events feeling permanently hungover and sabotaging my health. I have struggled with Depression and Anxiety for many years now to the point where it almost cost me my career this year. A big source of my unhappiness is my weight and fitness. Every single time I ruin my progress it is because of alcohol. One drink turns into 12 drinks or more and also an entire pizza and maybe a bag of chips because there's nothing more personally romantic than binging all night while watching netflix right? I started my no drinking journey in November after I spent an entire day on my friend's couch shaking from alcohol poisoning. I was embarrassed and scared so I decided "enough is enough." I lasted 18 days and felt amazing. I was 10 lbs away from a significant weight goal and was starting to "wake up" mentally. Day 19 was thanksgiving and I fell to the temptation of drinking with my siblings. A few days of drinking turned into a few weeks of drinking and then binge eating and now I'm right back where I started. If I had actually made it 43 days in a row without alcohol I would have easily surpassed that weight goal along with I'm sure many other health benefits. I will stop ranting now. I'm incredibly frustrated and am wondering what I've gained from the last month? Maybe only one day in particular that involved alcohol that I'll actually remember fondly in the future. ..If anyone out there is browsing this subreddit looking for motivation to abstain take my warning. IT IS NOT WORTH IT. Whether it is day 19 or day 853 the negotiator in your head is not playing with your best interest in mind. ..I did not drink with you today and I will not drink with you tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

When I am sober I naturally want to exercise regularly and eat good food so I feel healthy and look good and I am successful at it...When I am sober I naturally want to be the best software engineer I can be; tear through educational books and work on projects. I impress myself and others with my work...When I am sober I naturally want to go to sleep early and wake up early to start my productive day and I do just that...When I am sober I spend my money wisely and manage my debt I do not worry about finances...When I am sober I like to write in my journal meditate read listen and watch motivating and inspirational things that all help me manage my stress...When I drink... I binge drink. And in every case so far I eventually find myself back at square one. With nothing to show for it all progress seemingly lost in a stalemate with life. All potential amounts to shit when alcohol is involved...Here's to learning our lesson one last time.
Thanks for taking the time to post this. Your sharing will do it's thing in helping someone stay on track so your last few weeks are not totally in vain. I'm fairly early on in sobriety on day 15 or 16 and the novelty of feeling awesome is becoming a normality of feeling normal. A few thoughts of drinking have crept back in but they are not cravings just ponderings about justifying the occasional drink. But I'm smart enough to know I already tried and failed on that approach. Pick yourself up and try again. You have proven you have what it takes to get sober. You'll smash it this time.
One thing the badge can be used for is to look at that nice be number and think you don't want to mess that up. Then think about all the good things that comes from being sober just like you did in this post.
Hey you made a mistake. Mistakes happen. You gotta get back on the horse and ride past that 19 day marker make it to 20 or 43 ideally just keeping going and keep riding! I believe in you! IWNDWYT!
