-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kum33/noticing_alcoholic_mainstream_culture/

A bit of a rant I suppose and also one of those things I see so clearly now without the lens of alcohol. .I was watching TV late last night (still working on the whole "getting more sleep" thing) and a commercial for wine came on - Robert Mondavi I think. It showed people having everyday moments...two sisters going through a box of letters at their parents house a couple sitting down by a lake etc. And then someone would pull a bottle of wine out. .The message of the commercial was that a) you don't need a special occasion to drink and b) life's moments are enhanced by alcohol. It made me sad. These were beautiful everyday moments that didn't need a thing to make them better. No wonder so many are struggling with alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

The beer commercials kill me. Everyone is so fit healthy and prosperous...No beer gut. No sad sack sitting at the bar. No bleary eyed drunk stumbling around and embarrassing themselves...
I can't wait for the reality beer commercials those are going to rock.
It took me a while to realize on How I Met Your Mother that they had several beers nightly and seemed perfectly happy the next morning with no hangovers lol 
My local movie theater just put in a bar and you can now purchase alcohol to drink while watching movies.  That really bummed me out.  Going to the theater is one thing I love to do and now seeing a lounge and bar and booze advertising when I walk in pisses me off.  It's like there is no escape!  
Another one that gets me is the heineken commercial w/ Benecio Del Toro (in US) where he's kinda tongue in cheek opening presents from family.  Ho-hum so boring.  But then brings out the 12 pack of heineys he bought for himself.  That's the real present there folks getting black out drunk so you miss out on previous holiday time with family.
Yeah exactly I hate how 'normal' it is to drink. So many people drink it's in the shop to buy adverts everywhere. Doesn't help with recovery 
I read somewhere in an research that alcohol is more harmfull than cocaine. Can you imagine to snort cocaine with your whole family because granny aged 90? Or snorting because your little sister is getting married? ..For addicts its weird to see how alcohol is so mainstream
Maybe it's the time of year but I'm literally either hearing people talking about alcohol or seeing people drinking alcohol every day right now both on the TV and IRL. Sometimes it feels as if everyone around is in an alcohol cult and I'm the only non-believer. Don't drink the kool aid!
All the day drinkers on t.v. always seem suspiciously well-groomed to me. It's never the implication that day drinking leads to great family relationships that gets me; it's the hair.
I'm finding this really frustrating like the bog joke is let's get hammered oh I'm looking forward to my glass of wine gin etc but it's a lie like the kid that says they never revised and then does well on tests these people are actually able to be sensible with alcohol most of the time and the shame is being the thing they are pretending to applaud... it's rather maddening
True!
When I first got sober I noticed that everyone on TV drinks. A lot. And never seems to get drunk. Popular culture seems to insist that all the interesting people are half drunk but can hide it well.
I know. It's crazy. It's a bit like the fact you don't need to take a picture of something to prove you had a good time or constantly share. It's ok to not record a moment not share it just enjoy it and revel in it. Life isn't one long social media post. You've gotta go live it. Just take a few snaps along the way.
I fell for the marketing. I've since found that sobriety delivers what alcohol promises  
It's everywhere and so terrifyingly normalized. I feel like a big part of the reason I come here daily is to reaffirm to myself that I am right in my choice to stop drinking since society constantly presses the opposite.
I even saw a cat food or litter commercial where the lady was sitting at her table with a glass of wine watching the cat! I was like really??
I was talking to my husband about the glorification of alcohol and drinking just last night.  It is sad :(
