-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ky24f/when_does_it_become_an_addiction/

I apologise if this is the wrong place to post this since it's a subreddit about stopping but it seems like as good a place as any I've found. ..Background : I'm a 24 year old guy from England.  I drink most nights. I still live with my parents..Over the last year or so I've really started to think about my drinking. I'm not what you would call a classic alcoholic as such. I don't drink at work I don't have withdrawal symptoms through the day etc. Being a young guy I go out most weekends twice a week most weeks at least often in the afternoon / late morning (with friends) on a weekend. No big deal...Through the week I always had a couple of bottles of beer since I was 18 pretty much. In the last year or so I drink most nights ranging from anywhere from a couple of bottles of beer to half a bottle of whisky or gin. I don't feel dependent on it at all it's that old adage "I drink because I enjoy it". I've become noticeably out of shape I've probably put on 3-4stone in a 1.5-2 years the bulk at the latter end of that period. Driving home I do look forward sitting down in front of the TV with a drink. I don't drink due to stress I have a fairly relaxed job to be honest. I shifted to gin and whisky recently more often through the week because it's easier to drink without alerting my mum/dad/brother...I have about 30k in debt hence the living with the parents. They don't know about it I've never told them. Before anyone says "with that kind of debt you definitely have a drinking problem" most of it is attributed to earlier gambling issues which I'm mostly over barring the odd relapse I'll come to that in a minute. That said paying the debt largely means I end up short at the end of the month and reaccrue it again and drink is for sure a part of that circle. Part of the concern for me is that I have something of an addictive personality and I struggle to moderate anything it seems. There was some brief frequent use of party drugs which is now infrequent and a few visits to prostitutes which I haven't done for a few years now. ..When I am (very) drunk I make incredibly poor decisions. Some relapses on online roulette casino visits etc...I have a far higher tolerance for alcohol than anyone I drink with socially. It leads to me buying a lot of drinks inbetween.  If I'm being honest I take some sort of weird pride in this although I don't shout about it. Pretty ridiculous. ..Oftentimes after a poor decision while I'm drunk I think maybe I have a problem and get intentions of going to GA (I never went before) but when I wake up in the morning I know I'd never do it. ..At the end of the day I'm a youngish guy and my generation probably drink more than most. And I'm aware I'm drinking more than even most of my generation. But is it really an addiction at this point? I'd probably put myself in the "at risk" zone but not at the stage of needing outside help. Right now I have the idea in my head that I won't drink the rest of the week just to prove I can. Probably at some point I'll say "oh a couple of bottles is fine I'm being silly anyway it's fine". But for sure I'm going to lay off for Wednesday and Thursday...It doesn't really affect my work other that being a little tired throughout the day. I'm a positive person always smiling I wouldn't say it's negatively affecting my life in any way other than monetarily (and health?) ..I'll probably read this back tomorrow and cringe like I normally do about these thought.S. Apologies if it reads a little incoherently I hadn't intended to write so much when I started...R.
----------immediate responses--------

Well in general having to ask yourself that question is a pretty good indicator.. Anyway the actual dependency can take quite a while. Took me a good 3 years of nightly blacking out and a case a day on weekends before I started feeling thirsty throughout the day. The fact that you have an addictive personality means you should be careful no matter what. I always quote on user and eventually I'll search their name and give them credit... But they said "I don't believe we are always alcoholics but we have alcoholic tendencies". I take this as alcoholism is when you're dependent but you'll always have the issue of swerving towards that side no matter what. Personally I know even one drink will lead to weeks of binging. There are users here who feel they're alcoholics because of their weekend binges. We come in all forms.  In the end it's up to you whether you decide you have a problem and need to quit.... But I'd recommend taking at least a month off and being careful 
Hey R!..Fellow Englishman here (although no longer resident)... This is absolutely the right place for a post such as this.....I'm just a few years older than you (33) and 6 months sober after 15 years of increasingly heavy drinking from the age of 17/ 18 as was 'the norm'... Then drank myself silly at Uni and continued right the way through my 20's and into my early 30's to a greater or lesser extent.... It was a whirlwind of piss-poor decision-making which hampered my development in all sorts of ways.....I didn't think I had a problem for a long time; then thought I maybe had a problem for quite a while but ignored it and eventually it was really bloody obvious that I had a problem and had to do something about it! ..That's the thing about addictions they tend to get progressively worse over time rather than remaining static if not addressed and there can be a degree of self-deception rationalisation and denial involved.....The substance or process being abused could be all sorts of things: drugs sex booze gambling shopping internet/screens/porn cigarettes really anything that briefly enlivens the pleasure and reward centres in the brain (and perhaps temporarily relieves some sense of inner emptiness and disconnection) in a way which keeps us coming back for more......British drinking culture itself is utterly toxic by and large and as a culture we are *obsessed* with alcohol; an expensive mood-altering addictive drug which is somehow socially-acceptable in a way which other similarly dangerous drugs are not and which is heavily marketed and advertised to keep it that way.....I believe the current medical advice for 'safe' drinking levels is 14 units per *week* for men and women with several alcohol-free days per week... I bet if you add up your unit intake over the course of an average week it might easily be two or three times that and *still* feel like 'not that much'.... I used to get through at least 40 units a week without even trying!..Unfortunately as tolerance develops (which is a physical reaction as your brain tries desperately to maintain homeostasis under the onslaught of booze) more and more alcohol is needed to achieve the desired effect and eventually to stave off the chemical withdrawal symptoms as physical dependency develops.....By that stage all the nasty side effects of drinking lots of booze show up.... anxiety depression sleep and digestion problems brain fog hangovers liver trouble high blood pressure pancreatitis cancer and a whole laundry list of others which are definitely no fun at all......I personally don't care much for the term 'alcoholic' as it is vague and negative... you don't have to be living under a bridge and drinking special brew to decide that alcohol is causing negative consequences (weight gain debt etc) and cognitive dissonance in your life (hiding your drinking guilt about drinking worrying about when and how much you can drink etc); and that you find it hard to moderate your intake therefore you won't drink it any more......I wish I'd made the decision years ago - best thing I've done in ages! Having the support of this sub has really helped along with resources like the [*This Naked Mind*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw/videos) YouTube Channel......Hope that helps and that you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..&gt;I hadn't intended to write so much when I started..Me neither! lol....
[removed]
Definitely some major red flags :/..You're not being silly you're being smart to question this because you know it's not right. And straight up- yah you're drinking a lot and the gambling issues the high tolerance the addictive personality the sneaking around and switching to liquor instead of beer because you don't want your family to know how much you're drinking the every night anticipation the weight gain the increased amount you're drinking the questions and concerns the rationalizing the poor drunk judgment the tired during the day feeling the regret...these are all red flags. ..It doesn't mean you're an  alcoholic  but you're going down an escalating dangerous path. You know you have addiction issues so with the way you're going now my guess is it will probably continue to get worse before it gets better. ..I didn't realize I was going down the rabbit hole until something really bad happened and I wish I would have noticed earlier! I could have saved myself lot of grief. ..Take a break. For 30 days. See how you feel after that. See how hard/ easy it is for you to do it. Give it a try and it may help things clear up. ..You can do it!!! Good luck :)
I'm 25 with an extremely addictive personality. When I was younger my drug was pot. Alcohol at parties. Then the last 2-3 years I started hitting the bar hard. 3-5 nights a week. Basically as much as I could afford...I was seeing myself on that escalating path. Minor shakes and one morning I woke up with my heart fluttering this summer after a blackout night. Alcohol has never landed me in the hospital but I know if I keep going in a few years my life will be ruined and these prime years wasted...57 days sober and the journey is hard...Try it out...
Check out the sidebar of /r/alcoholism. There you will find a chart for Alcohol Use Disorder. You will find yourself somewhere on the spectrum. 
Here's a [simple online test](http://auditscreen.org/page.php?Using-Audit-1)..If you find it hard to answer honestly  or find yourself downplaying the answers that's another red flag.
Hi! One simple way to find out if you have an alcohol addiction is to try to not drink for a cuple of days...If the urge to drink is more powerful than your will to refrain from drinking that's all the answer you need...Give it a try actions always speak louder than words..You can just dismiss an online test and its results but you can't deny your own actions and the difficulty you're feeling when you try to fight the craving for a drink...When you decide to try it remember that excuses are meaningless no matter how solid they might sound to you it shouldn't be hard to not drink for a couple of days. If you can't do it just accept it it's not a failure just an honest self evaluation...The answer could be scary remember that asking this question means that You consider this might be a problem for Yourself. Don't ignore it you deserve to feel better. 
When we can stop -we don't want to - by the time we want to -we can't - it is progressive the best time to stop is now!
