-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7l3qo7/struggling_hard_not_to_drink_today/

Major life stressors today. Frustrations at a broken system that make me feel like there is no purpose no future and no point to any of this. Days like today make me feel like death is the only way out. I hate people and I hate the fucking government. I did everything I was told to do to have a good life. All that got me was $100k in school loans and a one way ticket back to my parents house. If I had racked up $100k in credit card debit all I'd have to do was declare bankruptcy and be free of the debit. I should have skipped grad school and lived on cc for a while. Stupid me tried to do the "right thing". The only thing that is keeping me from drinking today is that I know it will turn into a bender. It's never one drink and it's never one day... I just want everything to turn off for a while. I miss the anticipation of getting blacked out. But I don't miss the crippling hangovers. FUCK!
----------immediate responses--------

A vent many here can probably relate to all too well. I'm so sorry. :( But you're right--it's never one drink and never one day. IWNDWYT.
&gt;the government ..Yep.  Rarely the answer or solution to anything...When things seem bleak or pointless I practice this and it keeps me grounded:  I say-  the future is unknown and uncertain.  The scenarios my mind create are not real nor true.  They exist in my head.  The most important thing I can do is *The Next Right Action*. ..Often that's nothing more than forgoing the first drink and sobering on to the next juncture...Then my mind has time to go to the next item...Hang in there!
I think we all can relate to this in some way... like you sai though remember it's not worth the awful hangover you'll feel tomorrow! Sobriety may be really hard sometimes but I truly do believe it's better than the alternative. I hope life turns around for you (&amp; I truly believe that it will). I will not drink with you today friend!
Look up Byron Katie... watch a YouTube video... go to her website and print out a worksheet and do it (it's one page) on the government be as angry and judgemental as possible and everyone else you're angry at. It will help more than blacking out I promise. When I'm angry I punch the bed or scream in the car with my windows rolled up. Feels fucking great to get it out. Life is unfair but it sounds like you're a fighter and not giving up. I won't drink with you today!
Well you are not alone. I think it's continuously exhausting to live on the losing end of an oppressive system and that that exhaustion is just one of many uncounted wages the unfair system exacts. ..Sometimes the best you can do is be weary in a thousand-year way weary instead of bitter and keep walking. You keep doing the right thing almost in defiance of how little it is rewarded. You do it *only* because it's the right thing to do. There will come a time when all that matters is that you know you have done that.
Me too. I've had massive anxiety all day and my brain has been screaming at me to drink. It's hard but I don't want to go back. 
