-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7l8tep/i_need_advice_on_dealing_with_lonliness/

So many good things have come out of my new sober life. Im not worried about relapsing at all drinking is no longer the same for me...What is beginning to really bother me is every night I feel so lonely. I occupy my time with a lot of things such as music I have a great loving family (parents). Even as I write this a lil girly im starting to see texted me goodnight which for a brief moment took me out of this emotional slump. ..Its when I lay down I feel this crazy sense of lonliness and honestly its this feeling that caused me to become an alcoholic in the first place. Theres no rational reason for this feeling.. its just what I feel and most nights I end up crying and I feel weak for it. Maybe I should start meditating? Or see a counselor? Maybe this is just my mind and body dealing with what I buried for so long. Sorry this was so long...Any advice or anything at all really would be appreciated. Once again Love you guys and I will not drink with you today..tl;dr: i feel a crazy heavy lonliness every night for seemingly no reason and I need advice on dealing with it.
----------immediate responses--------

Meditation and/or counseling sound great if you're up for it. Personally I find meditation extremely difficult so I listen to peaceful music on those nights I lie awake unable to sleep. Wishing you success on your journey - and congrats on 63 - that's huge!!!..
I adopted a dog. He sleeps with me at night and that really helps with me feeling lonely at night.  
I use exercise to help deal with loneliness..A counsellor will give you ideas and maybe look at it in a different way. .Hope this helps. 
I have the same thing people who have led lives like ours tend to only have drinking buddies who all miraculously vanish once you sober up. Ive had many relapses over the last 19 months but i am now "labeled" as no fun. Luckily I have my own family but its hard at times. .Just stay strong in the fact that you are improving your life. Things will change for the better. Take up sports. try something new until one of those things stick. Dont let depression take you.
It may sound silly but my guinea pig helps a lot with this. He's pretty easy to make happy and it's hard not to smile when something tiny and adorable is jumping around making cute noises...I also talk to him a lot. Like a lot a lot. Can't find my sock: "Calvin did you eat my sock?" Something scary happens in a movie: "Omg Calvin why would they do that?!"..I was at my parents' house yesterday working in the garage and caught myself asking where the screwdriver went before realizing he wasn't there and I was a crazy person...Loneliness is a huge trigger for me. That's not why I got my pet but he is really helping my sobriety. 
I like to go to a meeting on days I feel lonely or sad it really helps. 
I find I'm only "lonely" when I focus overly on "myself"...Gandhi said:  to find yourself first lose yourself in service to others ...I find that "focusing on others" is one of the best ways to both heal and to restore my spirit and psyche.  ..*To provide meaning to my life*....I turn the focus from "Me" in several ways...One is I volunteer in my community.  There are numerous channels.  Easiest for me is United Way which has connections with all kinds of agencies like Goodwill Big Brother/Sister Salvation Army Homeless Shelters/Soup Kitchens; Domestic Abuse Shelters Thrift Stores Reading for the Blind Meals on Wheels and on and on.  Giving an hour here and there especially at this time of year is a great "connection to the larger whole".  ..I also meet others.  Other volunteers recipients of services business owners bankers insurers health care providers local council members philanthropists etc.  ..Another great source is meetings.  I get recharged at meetings get support and when I do nothing more than *go and listen kindly* to another person who wants to stay sober both of us receive much...What do you choose?...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
A pet sounds like a great idea for you. I'd add that if the feeling of loneliness doesn't improve and stay improved then seeing a counselor is likely a good next move. I know for me I had (have?) other issues to work out that were related to the drinking so my counselor has been very helpful.
Alone is at the core of my alcoholism and other dysfunctions...I prize it - and I hate it.  It took me to some very dark stupid places...My path took me to AA where I found my "tribe".  People a lot like me and they are not all friends because a lot of us have trouble with this area.  But amazing people and those I have let in have become friends way beyond what I got from drinking buddies (of which there were few)
Well you're free to reach out to people here. I once skyped with a stranger from Reddit. Also every once in a while I go people watching in like a Starbucks or something it kind of helps being in public.
Just remember that this feeling is shared by everyone at times at different extents. Even people that have wife and kids friends people surrounded by people etc. It is a emotion a state of mind not a fact. 
I'm not sure what your day to day life looks like but if you have time to hit the gym every now and then maybe try it out. It has been so therapeutic for me. Also I've been going to meetings and being around other sober people (finding the right one is so important! so if you decide to look into meetings definitely "shop" around). I found a great fit and now am gaining a new community of friends on the same journey and who check in on me all the time.
Try going to AA meetings even if it's just to meet people. In a short time you will have more friends than you can count.
I hear you. Maybe it's not the same but I get intensely lonely some nights. The other day I wrote about it. . .I keep wanting to talk to someone..... E - or M - or some fictional lover who will tell me it's alright and affirm my decisions...Who will talk me down before I choose badly...I keep wanting someone to be here for me all the time to love me to hold me and keep me away from harm. Someone I can share everything with. A guardian angel  a god...I keep wanting that...But I know I need to be alone sometimes. When I get this lonely it really means I'm not spending enough time with myself... Cause the person who's gonna do all that shit for me IS me...I tuck my own damn self in to sleep every night. . .Meditation or a dog may help but for me overcoming that weird loneliness is about feeling comfortable spending time alone with myself. And that discomfort with being alone in my thoughts is part of why I liked the booze. But y'know the more time you spend really being kind and forgiving yourself and living in a way that makes you proud the easier that'll get. ..Good luck
I'm right there with you. Ex and I broke up and I moved to a new city 7 months ago. I live alone with my dog. Having my dog to sleep with at night makes a big difference but I think what's making the biggest difference is digging in there and asking yourself why you feel lonely...For me I had all these expectations of being married by 30 etc. Instead I was now a bachelor living alone with not many friends in this new city. Once I realized what was really making me lonely I flipped it around. I don't need an S.O. I get to do whatever the F I want with my free time now. Play video games watch the movie I want to watch go out and do something or stay in and be lazy. ..I think the grass is always greener so when that feeling sneaks up on you try to remind yourself of all the positives of this new sober life. ..As for bed time a dog definitely helps.
Turn your loneliness into solitude and you win.  You are in the best relationship right now with yourself.  Try journaling.  Go to a movie by yourself you aren't alone doing that.  You are surrounded by people.  You can listen to their goofy conversations or just people watch.  You aren't alone even when you think you might be.  It's hard for addicts to reach out and "move".  Addiction loves isolation it fosters in it.  Even going to the gym you aren't really..alone.  You are surrounded by people working to make themselves better.  There is a wide spread thought that there is something wrong with a person if they are alone.  That thought may have worked in the old days where there wasn't 10 billion people on earth and it was hard to find someone to make a family with.  If you are young with no kids and want them that can make you feel very lonely because you crave a family.  I don't know man I'm just trying to make it through the day every day.  Sometimes I cry to for no reason but I also know I have depression.  It takes over sometimes and tells me I'm worthless and a loser for not having more friends or a girlfriend.  It's just a thought it doesn't mean it's real.
What you said - your mind and body dealing with what you buried for so long.  You used alcohol to solve that problem in the past.  You've achieved over 2 months of sobriety.  Sitting with those feelings sober is a whole new ball game and can have tremendous discomfort associated with it.  But you did it.  So now how to deal with those feelings?  Try any and every thing that comes to your mind until something sits right with you.  I think a counselor is possibly the best route because they will help you navigate these new waters.  And hey- you must know - crying does not make you weak!  You are more powerful than you've ever been and crying is a healing activity.  No bottling that crap up.  It has to go somewhere.  Keep at it.  You're an inspiration to me.  If you have a life that can accommodate a dog you will never regret it - having something to smile at every single day/night because it just wants to share love with you.
this is how I relapsed the final time. I felt like if I'm just going to be miserable and alone I might as well be drunk. I had been sober for 18 months. ...It's a journey getting sober you have to rebuild everything from scratch it's not easy. Learn to be happy just being yourself. It took me a long time to like myself again. Just keep working at it. .."Maybe I should start meditating? Or see a counselor?".Great idea talking through irrational feelings is what counselors do. This is a great option. 
How do you feel in yourself? What was your 'drunk' persona like? i.e. did you create false relationships did alcohol erode self confidence due to embarrassment and lack of control?..In my opinion; you should be fine to be with yourself (for a reasonable amount of time) but obvious it's natural to seek out new friendships and relationships. But I think there is a fine line in recovery in actually realising that the further you recover the more sure in yourself and the less lonely you become. You have to take some of these feelings as part of the recovery process.
There are a lot of good thoughts here from people with experience.  For me it is something I had to learn that I was supposed to experience.  It is just life.  We are all lonely at times.  Picking up a drink doesn't change the loneliness.  It just makes it go away temporarily.  Unless you feel it you can't embrace it and learn from it.
i would recommend therapy. ..sometimes there is a void inside that we can never really understand or work on without the guidance of someone else. 
I agree with the dog suggestion. I have two crazy boxers and they are the love of my life.  My husband works consistently 60+ hours a week and I don't see him a lot so my dogs are my soulmates.   My experiences with my therapist have always been good ones.  I like the fact there is someone I can "put it all out there" with and they don't judge and offer me a really good perspective as to why I am perceiving things the way I do.  I will say this with therapy.....find a therapist that you are comfortable with and one who you feel is actually helping you.   Sometimes the therapist you are seeing might not be the right fit for you.   Get referrals .  
hello lovely person i really understand what you mean. I think you are right about meditation that is definitely something you should look into building a connection with your inner spirituality is the best medicine for living a peaceful life. Trust me i know! When you are connected with your heart space you automatically rest more freely in your body and your reality. .Good luck on your journey its a magical one:) 
i second having a dog although it's a HUGE responsibility. definitely cures the loneliness though! i do think talking to a counselor is a good idea. i think everyone should do it if not just to hear an opinion from an unbiased person. it couldn't hurt! just my opinion though. 
 I too dealt with overwhelming loneliness when I first quit drinking.  I found comfort in just accepting the feelings of loneliness and being comfortable with being lonely and uncomfortable.  I journaled a lot.  I logged onto sober recovery forums.  I listened to music.  I learned a lot about myself during those lonely times.  And today almost 2 years later I love my alone time. ..I went to counseling a couple times...  in the end I couldn't afford it and was doing so well on my own.  But I definitely recommend giving it a try :)
Oh my god thank you guys so much Ive saved this post and will be reading it often. This was such a pleasant thing to wake up to
