-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m11r2/i_was_the_speaker_at_the_christmas_eve_aa_meeting/

Hi Sobernauts!..Merry Christmas Blessed Yule and Happy Holidays whatever your belief system may be.  ..Last night I was the speaker at the Open Speaker Meeting at 8pm.  I had been asked to speak by a friend who met me early in my sobriety and has watched me struggle and change and grow.  ..Standing before a group of people in recovery on a Christmas Eve night and share my "experience strength and hope" was a scary experience...but the people in recovery are the family I chose not the family I was born into.  I was able to be raw and honest about my experiences and left feeling drained but content.  ..If you told me 4 years ago I'd spend Christmas Eve in the basement of a church standing at a podium talking to a room of alcoholics SOBER I'd have laughed at you.  Today I'm just grateful...May all of you have a blessed holiday and a very Merry Christmas...Stay sober my friends.Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Merry Christmas Mouse!..What a gift of yourself your journey and your *Promise of Hope* for all those there and all us here!..Great SoberMas!
Merry Christmas! What a cool experience to have. Thank you for sharing!
I was in a meeting also at 8pm last night. It was kind of special for me since that time last year I trashed by 8pm. There was a certain feeling being in that room with the people that help keep me sober for a year..Have a Merry Christmas also.
This is Wonderful Mouse!!  I'm so happy it went well!  Merry Christmas to You!!
Merry Christmas and a happy healthy new year!!!
Beautiful Mouse! Happy to hear you are still thriving in sobriety. Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas Mouse! I knew you'd rock it. 
That's awesome! Merry Christmas!
Awesome!!! Merry Christmas Mouse!
Hello Mouse.  Congrats on that speaking in front of people thing seriously it's amazing!  Thanks for the inspiration.  It really does mean a lot.
Congratulations!
