-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m1njz/i_stopped_drinking_2017/

Christmas 2016 I don't remember but I'm pretty sure I was hung over and getting ready to start drinking again for the day. I wanted to stop but I couldn't...I woke up January 10th or 11th and realized I was knocking on deaths door. I could either continue on with drinking and be dead in a few months or I could try to save myself...I remember I googled stop drinking and this group came up. I had never heard of Reddit before. I am so glad you all are here. It really helped me. Being able to post and reading what others were going through. I can't believe I became that person. I'm ashamed but I'm also glad I went through it otherwise I wouldn't have learned about me and that I can overcome...I've relapsed several times before trying to do this myself. I didn't have to do it alone thanks to you all. The people who've been sober 20 years and to you who have been sober for the first time the past 20 minutes. You can do it. I had to keep reminding myself I deserve to live I had lost that somewhere along the way...I have been more productive this year than the past 8 years combined. I've traveled out of the country drove halfway across America. Coached my kids little league team. My kids have a full parent back. Not just the shell of one...I just wanted to thank you all old and new. Merry Christmas! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Upcoming Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Beautiful story I'm so inspired by all you have achieved in this year...And I agree this group is such a blessing -- not being alone in this makes all the difference for me...Congratulations and Merry Christmas to you!
I agree your story is inspiring.  Your kids having their parent back full time is the best news!  People who never stop drinking wake up one day and find it hard to remember what parenting was all about only to realize the kids have grown up and moved on.  We (the parents) only get one shot at raising our kids and we need to keep those memories of what it was like.  Alcohol has a way of blurring or erasing our memories except for the bad memories which seem more intense and filled with guilt and shame...Thanks for sharing.  Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Awesome!  Merry Christmas to you!
Great story and congratulations on your accomplishment! I never had so much fun as coaching my kids Little League teams. 
