-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m4de2/alone_grateful_for_my_sobriety/

My family celebrates Noche Buena which was last night. My family "forgot" to invite me and showing up somewhere without anyone actually extending an invitation felt out of line even though my cousin offered to send me an Uber once he realized I wasn't there...I made plans today with another girl in Recovery. She said was going to do a gig for a few hours before and then we were going to meet up for dinner and a movie. She stopped responding around 2pm. She is probably relapsing right now and my heart breaks for her. ..I'm currently stuffing my face with shitty pizza alone in the new apartment that I moved into 3 weeks ago. I could not be more grateful. I am grateful that I am no longer spinning out and flaking on people. I am grateful that my family's passive aggressive bullshit doesn't drive me to drink. (Feeling left out is a huge trigger for me.) I am grateful that I have compassion and sanity for all who I feel slighted by today. ..Most importantly I am grateful to all of you for being here to listen and share your stories with me.  I get to watch Netflix build shelves and read SD tonight instead...Even though I am alone I don't feel alone. Thank you. Merry Christmas. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sending lots of love from my cozy couch to yours! I will not drink with you tonight! 
I admire your grace friend      your 380 days suits you magnificently
Merry Christmas from Australia!! .I love your positivity. Keep up the good work :)
Your heart is big and your resolve is strong.  Being alone is no fun but it's better than being with the wrong people.  I salute you!  Merry Christmas.
Ah sending love and in awe of your courage to stay sober today. IWNDWYT 
I admire your ability to handle this so well. Enjoy your beautiful night.
You're not alone because I'm staying sober with you tonight!
This cut right through me. The honesty. The refusal to sugarcoat things. And yet you're so grateful. I hope I develop that kind of courage in my own life...Wow. Great stuff - thanks so much for sharing tonight and making me feel a little less alone  .
You're not alone; I'm wrapped in a blanket with the dogs not drinking with you.
I'm alone too.  Thanks for your post. ..Maybe we're not really alone you know?
Sending you positive vibes....I am not drinking with you tonight!
That's the spirit! Let it all slide and just keep on trucking. Better days ahead. Good night to you and Merry Christmas.
I'm also enjoying this Christmas alone there is an inner peace that I feel to be in a warm home not drinking alcohol. I'm more dedicated to sobriety than I've ever been. Enjoy your evening.
Merry Christmas noodspoon! ..You're not alone! I'm watching spoof comedies and experimenting mixing schweppes and LaCroix flavors here. Hugs to you!
Thank you for being here...I remember on NYE 2015 I holed myself up in an empty room at the party my parents dragged me to and just posted on SD all night. My parents had to force me down when the ball dropped...Thank you for being here. 
This has been a tough holiday for sure. You're not alone at all. We will not drink together
Alone on Christmas this year after just having gone through a breakup a couple weeks back.  Sucks.  Feel alone.  But I'm happy to not be drinking and thrilled to go home order some shitty food and relax.  Feeling alone is much much better than feeling like I'm rotting away from the inside out every day.  
Shame on them. Proud of you...letting go of the FOMO!! 
Shitty pizza-eaters unite!  I had to work today and was feeling really sorry for myself that I didn't have something lined up to do afterwards (even though I'm tired from working all day/getting up extra-early to be to work)...I was feeling really like "SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH ME!!!" because I didn't have some super cool holiday thing lined up to do (I live across the country from my family).  It's nice to read somebody else's story &amp; realize that no I am by far NOT the only person spending the holiday solo.  
I love this - you are so right there is such a big difference between being alone and being lonely - in fact the loneliest I have ever felt is being with the wrong  people in the wrong place- you know when you know for certain that you are living your correct life - the right life - you just trust in time- things are going to work out right !!!  New people are coming your way - I am sure of it ! 
Merry Christmas :)
Merry Christmas! I'm so grateful to have made it through today too! First sober Christmas in the books. Although I think I would have preferred shitty pizza to the shitty turkey dinner I had tonight.   
Merry Christmas! And you are not left out here. Sorry going through some shitty stuff but eh life is shitty lol Good luck &amp; be well! I will not drink with  you tonight!
Congrats man I've been searching for the will power you speak of for a long time. 
So glad you were able to turn it in to a positive experience! Merry Christmas!   You aren't alone as I'm happy to not drink with you today.
I chilled at home today played video games ate at least three peoples worth of mac and cheese and chilled hard. Honestly this was the best Christmas I've ever had.
Keep up the sobriety everyone ..I'm not drinking today. No way. 
*hug* I so needed to read this kind of post this morning! I've just had the same experience- I was staying with my sister and her family and they asked me not to be present when they opened their presents as they wanted 'private family time' . I have never felt so unwanted and upset at Christmas. Also found out some other things too which were upsetting so I drove all the way home last night (6 hours on Christmas day)...The good thing is -I'm back in my own house     And bed. Just woke up and I honestly do not know what the future holds. But I'm sober and pleased to be.  ..On a side note - have you ever noticed some people like you to be a bit drunk so you can accept their shitty behaviour? 
Hugs mate.Stay strong and positive.and let others do what they want to do.We can only change ourselves and frankly i believe that is the most important thing
This is the compassion I want to have. I think I am on the right track. Everytime something shitty happens in my life I want to have the peacefulness you seem to have. God bless....and hey WERE SOBER!
This is great. Thank you so much for sharing. :) You are definitely not alone. I will not drink with you today. 
Proud of you. That would have been hard for ANYONE. Great job sticking with your sobriety.
Merry Christmas friend. IWNDWYT 
The sincerity and honesty in your post made me tear up. I am very happy you are at peace even though the extenuating circumstances are less than ideal. ..I'm grateful you are grateful and that you remained committed to your sobriety even though you were faced with 'triggers'. Be proud; I'm proud of you...
Bravo! Your attitude and perspective on this are awesome.
I had a gf for the first time sober this Christmas.  It's been great  Doesn't mean the ones alone were terrible.  There was a certain peace to being alone with my dog.  
all the love and support.that feeling of being left out cuts deep.hey - grateful - that is the best.hope the best and cant wait to hear more
Hey buddy that sounds like a nice cozy night. What's on Netflix?
