-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7maaqf/struggling_through_a_break_up_in_early_sobriety/

I have no desire to drink and am not even considering drinking.  Something that has been occurring to me more and more lately is how little I can trust my own instincts thoughts and feelings from the last year.  So many decisions made were made by my drinking self who is an emotionally number individual.  Now nearly a month sober I feel damn near overwhelmed by feelings of regret loss grief etc. ..A couple months ago I new breaking up was right and now I feel like I've made a huge mistake.  I don't even know which feeling is based in reality.  They both feel on extreme ends of a spectrum equally far from a balanced approach to life.  ..It's frustrating to not know which decisions I've made in what feels like a past life were right.  I don't feel like I'm at a place where I can even figure it out as I'm just operating on too much emotionality.  ..Anyway.  I just wanted to vent.  Feeling lonely through the holiday and fearful of the loneliness to come.  Happy to not be drinking either way.  Thank you all for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for 28 days! I went through the end of a relationship in early sobriety; it was heartbreaking. I knew however that drinking would only make things worse. Having a therapist to talk with gave me insight about myself and a safe place to vent. Involvement in AA helped on many levels. Being in a room with people who understand is comforting. Eventually I even made some sober friends. During the holidays I went to lots of meetings. It helped with loneliness. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. 
Thanks for sharing. I won't drink with you today!
I'm here with you. Going through early sobriety and also a very fresh marriage separation...Drinking won't fix anything. That's hard to see but very important.
Well done. If you deal with those feelings now you are one step ahead of a lot of people. Some never reach where you at now..
