-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mdrgm/need_advice_for_quitting_when_young/

Sorry if this is a little long. ..I'm a 23 yo male who is about to finish up my last year of mechanical engineering school. I won't get into all of the messy details but basically I have a family history of alcoholism and lately I've been getting worried that I'm starting to slip into the same abyss I've seen them fall into. I partially ruined the relationship with my past boyfriend through drunken mistakes and I've had multiple instances of shameful embarrassing social behavior as well as spending much too money. I don't drink everyday (usually a Thursday-Saturday drinker) but when I do I want to get **hammered**.  ..I know that alcohol is inherently bad for us but I feel like if I avoid alcohol and choose to be sober I'm going to have a lot harder time in social situations seeing as how going out on the town or drinking for the football game are the main things to do on the weekend. At the same time I know alcohol is prohibiting me from being the best person I can and it will be much better for myself in the long run if I choose to be sober. ..I guess what I'm getting to is that while I think I should quit bc of above and due to the fact that I know I'm already at risk for alcoholism I'm really worried about my social life taking a hit and being super lonely on the weekends at first which unfortunately has been a spur to drink in the past. At this point I haven't had one weekend where I didn't drink in what seems like years (started drinking at 16) and I don't even know what it's like to try and have a sober life.  For those who have had to quit when they were young in life what kind of adjustments did you make that helped when you decided to quit? What kind of things did you do during times you'd normally drink to pass the time and not think about going to buy a case? Were you open to your friends about your struggle or did you keep it more to yourself and why? How did you do this when its so f*cking hard?..Thanks for any and all advice. I feel embarrassed to bring this up to friends because this isn't a problem I should have at 23 when I'm about to get a degree from a great school but I figured you guys might be able to help out.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey! ..I'm not far into quitting myself but I'm the same as you. Not a stage 4 alcoholic but it's in the family. I drink to get drunk and I do it for the wrong reasons. I drink I drink I drink...Quitting isn't easy but I think it's much better to do it before I fall in that hole...I'm having trouble relating to my current friends now sure. I'm 16. I used to be the girl who was down for anything. Now I feel queasy thinking about being sober on New Years. Ain't done that since I was 12. ..But I really took a look at myself recently and realized what I think you already know: ..Drinking is never gonna be good for me...Do I want to do it right now? Hell yes. But I know I'll regret it. So I won't. Even though......... ..Yeah. Solidarity from a teen drinker.
Hey! ..I too am not that long down the sobriety lane but i am 24 years old and am in the same situation as you :) ..I realized i needed to stop when one morning i woke up and sort of remembered that i got into a fight with my best friends the night before and saying Some horrible stuff. I felt super bad and texted them to apologize and they were super kind telling me they still love me and always would but they really hoped nothing like that would ever happen again. ..In the past i have been a horrible drunk sometimes and other times nothing would happen and we would have a great night. But just like you when i drank i did not stop and i drank to get drunk. My friends drink a lot themselfs but they do not end up saying hurtful things to the others. ..I realised if i wanted to stay friends with these amazing people and not make a fool out of myself in general i just needed to quit because i am a Russian roulette and it can go wrong anytime. ..For me i did not change anything i just skip the booze but still go out and hang out with the same people as before. I did not tell all of them explicity . Sometimes i take the car and that is the reason i am not drinking and everyone is having fun (me included). Other times i am just not drinking and when anyone asks i just tell them with a smile  i am bettering my life    and they laugh and dont ASK any further questions. ..I find i dont really have a problem not drinking it is the drinking i have a problem with. ..I like my life a lot beter so far so i hope i can continue this Path! ..I wish you all the best of luck and dont forget you are not the only young person out there struggeling with alcohol! ..IWNDWYT ..(Ps sorry for the language mistakes i am from belgium ) ..
I'm also 23 and I decided to quit drinking as well earlier today. It's hard because alcohol is in our everyday lives and my friends and family all drink around me. But! Trying to think about why I'm quitting in the first place what my lowest point was when drinking (2 day hangover... got sick a lot) what physical health benefits I'll have from being sober and whatever else motivates you in that moment to not drink. ..Occupy yourself with something else. Take up s new hobby or revisit an old passion. The possibilities are endless! ..You'll have my support and everyone else here! IWNDWYT 
It is great that you did realize the danger that comes with your current (or better: PAST) behaviour. I am 36 now and i should.have made the decision you made years ago. Many things would.be better now. Well its not to late for me and i am totally sure its.not to late for you. Go ahead! Greets from Germany!
So here is a thought from the old people peanut gallery - many of us that are now long in the tooth were exactly where you all are right now. I wish that I had never started drinking at the very least. Life is a big amazing frustrating scary ride and being older and looking back and seeing the missed opportunities the damage done the crazy amount of time wasted on drinking or thinking about drinking the LIFE not lived....totally not worth the drink in the moment. Life is amazing without booze I wish this was something I learned in my early years so that I would have even more time to really live. Glad you are here we are here for you!
. My advice is to enjoy those years that I wasted with alcohol. Have fun and be good to yourself and never have a moment's regret about not drinking away those years. What a wonderful thing you're doing.
