-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mj1d8/4_years_sober_today/

I'm not very active on this subreddit (or reddit in general really!) and I'm more of a lurker than a poster but I just wanted to share that I hit 4 years today...Honestly it's been a straightforward ride for the first 3. 5 years for me but I've found myself really struggling lately and thinking about alcohol a lot. What keeps me going is knowing how disappointing it would be to start from day zero after so long...The honeymoon period of sobriety is long gone sadly I've regained a lot of weight that I initially lost after getting sober I worry sometimes food has taken its place. Well it kinda has. I suffer from binge eating disorder and I'm also 99% sure I'm borderline PD after 15 years of suffering from depression and anxiety and a history of self harm. I'm awaiting a psychiatric referral on the NHS (I'm a Brit) so hopefully I can finally get a diagnosis there start working on my mental health and hopefully strengthen that resolve to stay sober. It's been hard these last few months though. I'm trying to work on a coping mechanism that is actually healthy. I try to do mindfulness stuff and exercise but it's hard when some days it is mentally exhausting just to get out of bed. ..I know if I got drunk it'd honestly feel great for a few hours to leave the dark thoughts behind for a bit. I am also a realist and know that the hangover and the 48 hours afterwards would be utterly devastating. That's what is keeping me sober right now...As I said I'm not much of a poster but more of a lurker and I also just wanted to say all your stories inspire me every day so thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Very proud of you for 4 years. Do you have a hobby you can be doing to keep your mind occupied? Please find something or someone to help you over this hurtle. 
Congrats on 4 years!  I give you a lot of credit for your perserverence.  I've got a PD too (not BPD) and addiction is par for the course for us.  The problem with stopping is that you then have to face PD head on.  It's exhausting.  That's the first time I've shared that here but you're post resonated with me...You're not alone -- keep doing what you're doing.
I understand what you are saying about losing interest and what was once pleasurable. I too have lost interest in things that would bring me great joy...Depression is hard to explain to someone that has never dealt with it before. The pass few morning I have been waking up feeling depressed. ..Congratulations on the new job. My son is currently looking for his first career job. He just graduated with his bachelors degree in business...Great news about the gym membership. Hope you enjoy it...
Your overall self-awareness really catches my attention. Good for you!! I have a hard time being honest with myself sometimes so I really admire this...And damn if this isn't wise. Sobriety isn't perfect but neither is life. I love your recognition that getting drunk might help for a couple hours but isn't even close to worth it in the long run...Thanks for posting. I really enjoyed reading this and find this perspective encouraging!
One thing that helped me in my depression years ago was the endorphins I got from exercise.  It takes a while to build the stamina to enjoy a good hard workout of whatever... biking lifting yoga cardio like jumping rope running.  But the rush feels awesome.  It's good for your mind.  A better thing to get addicted to IMO as it's so healthy and everything.  You might end up really liking it.  FYI it takes 3 months of working out to see tangible results don't let that cause you to lose interest because it'll be worth it once you break the seal! 
4 years is huge Congrats on staying sober and strong the last 6 months! 
Congrats on 4 years! Way to go :) Sorry life is a little rough for you but at least you're sober. That is hard work and you deserve every bit of praise for it. Anyway be well and good luck. I will not drink with you tonight.
Happy 4th sober circle around the sun!  Your post is a good reminder that it's not always sunshine and kittens even after a solid 4 years.  I hope you can get the mental health support you need.  It's hard to do anything healthy when you can barely get out of bed.  Sending you good juju. Thanks for being here.
Congratulations on making it this far! Have you tried a ketogenic diet? Works for me and a lot of people with mental health/mood disorders. Also why did you get sober in the first place? Maybe if you focus on all the bad things that happened while drunk you might not feel so tempted. Its so not worth it alcohol wont make the depression go away unfortunately after years of reaching for alcohol myself i now know its a dangerous drug and not a solution. Never again IWNDWYT!
The thought of disappointment keeps me going too and remembering what I felt like the day I took my last drink. Hit the gym and hit it hard! Congrats!!!
Just got 4 years a short while ago. I think sometimes people make it sound like sobriety is easy just don't drink. But then they may be normies. ..I have a control freak daughter who does not see that her behavior is as uncontrollable with out her doing something about it as our drinking is uncontrollable with out some sort of help. ..I use AA and it has gotten me over many humps of thinking of kicking it in and drinking. That and as you mentioned the General disappointing look on everyone's face. ..Stay strong!!  Congrats and IWNDWYT 
4 years is a difficult time. You start thinking you're cured or you're 'OK' now. I really struggled this Christmas. I'm divorced and my grown up kids come and stay at my house but all the parties and social events surrounded their alcoholic mother and her drinking friends. Other than being used as a hotel I've been neglected and my kids have been out drinking practically every night. My girlfriend has been out with her mates and I've spent a great deal of the holiday sitting at home while everyone else is out having a good time. It's like I'm socially invisible now. It seems my kids only spend time with me when they're hungover. Despite my 4 years I very nearly said 'fuck it' and went down the pub. Don't think once you get this far you don't have moments like that. 
You're correct that first drink would turn your life to shit in a matter of days.    Congrats on FOUR years that's an enormous accomplishment. If nothing else you should revel in the fact that you've been able to maintain something for that long...Alcohol is your enemy friend.   Good luck!!
