-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mka7c/new_to_stopdrinking_not_to_sobriety_day_658_how/

Here's my story of it can help anyone...Sober since 3-9-16 after 30 days in Hazelden. (Highly recommend)Years of parties and drinking escalating to major binges. Wife was fed up and family was almost as well. Some sobriety here and there. An out patient program on the town I live in WI. But just didn't want to accept NEVER drinking again...This binge was about a week long..After passing out and my wife not being able to wake me up she called for an ambulance for fear and to try to help me realize cops/paramedics show up I somehow  wake  up walking around screaming at them and swearing at them??..Next thing I remember is waking up in the ER a few hours later after I passed back out in the ambulance. Blood draw was a .489 I just laughed cuz I thought it was funny Jesus..I was still drunk but pissed and said I want to go home. (Cuz I thought there was more booze there) ..I get home with my wife and her mom to help keep Track of me.  Of course home detox begins and I feel worse than hell. Been there before too many times to remember. ..Even after detoxing that time and realizing how high .48 is like really really is I still started some more drinking the next couple weeks. Even as I was on my way to Hazelden for an intake interview where the interviewer said  are you sure a .48??  Then drinking after it. .I COULD NOT STOP. ..Hazelden was amazing. And disconnecting for 30 days and having my family and wife behind me and meeting some amazing guys in there I stayed sober and am today...In the time since I've been better at my job than I could imagine better for my wife and in August 2017 we had twins! Amazing feeling to be completely present and sober to see my beautiful boy and girl come into this world and grow...There's been plenty of shitty times and amazing times. But no matter how shitty drinking will only make it a million times worse for me. ..I don't know if this will help anyone I hope it does. .If you're struggling ask for help. Pray. Call. Do whatever it takes cuz it's worth it. ..Here's to everyone else here ahead of me or just thinking about sobering up. .Keep it up!       .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! You can request your badge from a link on the sidebar. They will hook you up! 
Welcome! [Here's the link] (https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/)
I'm glad you're here; loved reading your story...Congratulations on your nearly 2 years of sobriety!!!..Amazing:D.
Thank you for that. Looking forward to seeing your shiny new badge! .You have one very supportive wife. Congrats to her for pulling through for you..I am on the ultimatum stage...
I read some of your posts reminds me a little of a guy in my OP after inpatient in Hazelden. .Thanks! I can't believe it's that high already. I don't check my days app as much as I used to at all.
