-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mo0of/my_smiley_star_makes_me_smiley_too/

I got my smiley star. NEVER thought that would happen. Last August when I relapsed at 9 months sober I began a series of badge resets that would last until I woke up Christmas Day 2017. In the floor beside my bed too sick to crawl back in hugging the trash can. ..I pretty much rely completely on posts here to keep me sane. I feel (and am) alone all the time. But the one thing I have now that I didn't have when I was drinking is hope. I now know I'm capable of doing good things and making life better for myself. It's been a painfully slow process. ..My biggest challenge at this point is shutting down that alchie voice telling me I should go back long enough to make friends get a boyfriend then I can quit again and still have people in my life. So many stories I read here people meet people when they're drinking. They quit drinking and still have the friends and SOs. .But it's funny. When I was off the wagon last year I went out on several dates and drank. At one point a few drinks in listening to this guy just yammer on I had a moment of clarity.  What am I doing here? I am not even listening to this guy. I have no idea what he's talking about or how to respond.  I was 100% focused on the drink in front of me and how to get the next one without seeming like I drink too much. HA! My brain has amazed me the most in sobriety. Turns out I'm not dumb but clever and a much better story teller when I actually know what I'm saying...I have no advice really.  I still feel like a drunk emotionally. I haven't  done the work  yet but I stay sober because I know the other way doesn't work for me. Reading addiction/alchie memoirs and sobriety approaches has done me a lot of good. So if anyone has book recommendations send them my way!..I'm fucking proud of my year and IWNDWYT --&gt; it took me weeks to figure out what that meant and why people kept putting it at the end of their posts. Clever indeed! .
----------immediate responses--------

Do you go to meetings or have any kind of support system IRL? If you don't do AA there are non-religious and non-step alternatives. Fellowship and communicating in person with others like me was a huge part for me during my first year. You mentioned that you feel alone in this so perhaps finding a good group to share with would be helpful to you as it was for me. This is not a road you have to walk alone. 
I'm proud of your year!      
One blogger I really identify with is Mrs. D. I enjoy her style of writing and she has been sober for a number of years now. Mrs. D has written a book also but I haven't read it yet. Here is a link to her blog: http://livingwithoutalcohol.blogspot.com/?m=1 Congratulations on one year that is amazing!
Did you read "Dry" by Augustine Burrows (I believe that's the correct spelling or at least close) Really Great read!
