-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mpbed/2_years_of_sobriety_wow_some_random_thoughts_word/

It feels like I have lived 2 lives... maybe even 3. Yet here I am. Finally 2 years sober and finally in a really good place in my life. My marriage is better than it's ever been I am making more money than I ever thought possible at this point in my life and I have finally started taking the necessary steps to truly bettering my mental health and healing from past trauma...Some advice for those who haven't quite made it here yet: STiCK WITH IT. Taking it one day at a time is TRULY the best advice and "golden rule" of sobriety. This day WILL come and sometimes you just have to focus on not drinking for a couple of years before things start falling into place. I know I did. Sobriety isn't magic. It won't fix your problems for you but it WILL allow you to start identifying and fixing them yourself. ..There cannot be a value placed on the clarity sobriety brings. I am able to see my life my relationships my goals and my struggles so much more clearly now. Sadly this means I lost "friends" (big emphasis on those quotes) and that many things in my life are now different: BUT THEY ARE ALL BETTER. And the relationships I do have now are SO incredibly deep and meaningful instead of shallow and all about escaping/feeling like I am a part of something. I AM A PART OF THIS UNIVERSE. Is that not enough? ..Being able to think for myself and not allowing the alcohol to do the thinking for me has been the most life changing thing about sobriety. Because whether you like it or not whether you fight it or not... whether you CHOOSE TO BELIEVE IT OR NOT... when you're drunk the alcohol starts making the decisions for you. This doesn't take away your personal responsibility for and the consequences of those actions but it will make EVERYTHING so much harder than it needs to be. ..My goals during this next year of sobriety are to start going to meetings again (I stopped after a few months but I think they have their place and I should try to go more often) to connect with more recovered addicts to continue to help others who are struggling with addiction in any way I can and to find more ways to volunteer my time towards helping recovering addicts. (Definitely open to ideas if anyone has any they'd like to share or that they enjoy doing.) I think making goals for each year of sobriety can be overwhelming esp at first so I do not recommend this to people in their first year or even second year... but if you feel you're in a good place I think setting goals can only help solidify sobriety in your mind and heart. :) Thanks for listening sharing and being the #1 factor in my continued recovery /stopdrinking. You are all heroes and you all inspire me every day! Sober on sobernauts! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 2 years that's amazing! Thanks for your post sometimes it's easier to only think about the things you're losing by not drinking ("friends" social plans fitting in with the crowdetc.) instead of the life and perspective you get by looking at things through sober eyes.  Happy Holidays!
Congrats on 2 years!!!  I celebrated 2 years sober yesterday :). Amazing how much can change in 2 years isn't it?!?   I still love each morning I wake up with a clear head and no hangover.  
What a lovely post. Thank you :)..And Congratulations!
Congratulations on 2 years! 
Congrats on Two-Years u/lovelightdance!!  I too found a lot of growth during the second year and continue to be amazed at the change in thoughts I have.  We'll both keep it going!
Congratulations !
Congratulations that's an amazing accomplishment! 
Congratulations and thanks a lot for the post. I'm so glad to hear you have meaningful relationships this is the part where I struggle. Thanks again for the advice keep it up.
Congratulations! 
Beautiful. Thank you! ..IWNDWYT 
Congrats!! This is awesome to read.  Once I quit drinking a lot of things came into focus for me: how unhealthy some of my relationships were how dead-end my job was and how I wanted MORE and was smothering my dream for a healthy life under the haze of alcohol. ..I definitely have felt part of the last year or so feeling like a stranger in my own life (sometimes) -that I've changed and continue to change hopefully towards more positive things while other people stay drunk negative complacent or all of the above. ..Thanks for sharing this - it always helps me a ton to know that others have had to navigate some of the same issues (ie "friends") makes the process less lonely knowing how common it is. ..Woo-hoo!  Congrats &amp; thanks for being here. :) 
Thanks for sharing! It's always good to hear about the success (:
Reading stories from people who have gone multiple years sober is inspiring. It helps me remember that the prize is out there waiting for me down the road... that I travel on one day at a time.
Congrats   a great Accomplishment!
Good work on 2 years! Glad that you're feeling human again!..As far as meetings go shop around &amp; find one that you feel comfortable with and if there are people in that group that you click with find out what meetings they go to. Great way to build yourrecovery network...I've got basically 2 homegroups a men's old fart meeting and a good mixed meeting that meets at 6:30 am that have been my steak &amp; potatoes for helping me stay sober...Stay sober and have a good one! :)
Congratulations. Great post. I hope you remain vigilant. 1 year ago I had two years and decided "I got this..."..(I didn't got this.)..I hope you get many many more years of sobriety...There are lots of service opportunities out there that help. When I was in the program I would set up and take down chairs at one of my regular meetings. .At 2 others I started a tradition of going for wings or Mexican food and the after meeting group exploded for both meetings. ..It was nice to unwind and make new friends or discuss the meeting or keep the discussion(s) going...Hope that helps.
Congrats! I stopped drinking 2 years ago today also. We are awesome. 
Congratulations on 2 years! I really appreciate posts like this as it is always good to hear from people who are forging ahead sober.   
My sober twin! Glad to see this update. You rock!!..Let's keep going...12/27/15 forever. 
Huge Congrats and thank you for sharing your story. Very inspiring. Congrats again and I will not drink with you today.
Happy 2nd sober circle around the sun!  
I can't even imagine a month let alone two years. Congrats!
"...when you're drunk the alcohol starts making the decisions for you."..So so so true for me.  Once I take that first drink EVERYTHING in my life is prioritized based on the drink and when and where and the next one...I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on your 2 years and thanks for the great advice. I'm at 11 years and still taking it 'one day at a time'. 
**There cannot be a value placed on the clarity sobriety brings.** This is it. Thank you for this generous post. Your words inspire me to carry on at a time I am feeling vulnerable. It is as if you reached out and gave me a hand to continue on the course I intended just when I felt weakened. You can't know how much this means to me at this moment in time.
Congrats 2 years is mind boggling to me.   Your post was very inspiring thank you for sharing it. 
congratulations on 2 years. what a great post. no word barf in sight in my opinion. very eloquently said. even in my early stages things are better. they aren't necessarily easier but i am better equipped to deal with them just by not being drunk. or using alcohol to "fix" or "numb" things. thank you so much for sharing!!
Indeed.
I like the year 3 goals idea. I started attending meetings at about month 20. I started thinking there must be more to this than just not drinking. I was concerned I was becoming a dry drunk. I was still carrying resentments and was extremely judgmental. The guys who have long term sobriety and have done the steps just seem to have a way about them...a calm or a confidence easy demeanor I'm not sure exactly what...but I want that for my own long-term self. ..As for service I attend two meetings a week out of a three meeting rotation. One has roughly 20 or so attendees from a nearby halfway house. These meetings are important to me for different reasons and help me understand my dis-ease from multiple perspectives. Maybe there is a similar group your could attend in your area. ..Congratulations on your 2 years I am just a few days behind you.
