-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n0hp5/when_you_logically_dont_want_to_but_do_it_anyway/

I have been relapsing for ridiculous reasons repeatedly for the past month. I can swear up and down before the moment of drinking during the moment of drinking and after the drinking that it's not something I want to be doing. I do it anyway. I have no idea why...When I started getting the feeling that I just plain ol' don't want to swallow alcohol I thought I was "cured." For the first time ever I felt revolted by alcohol. But while my consumption has decreased in general I'll have nights where I'm chugging it fast as I can before I realize what I'm doing and switch to Polar and chips. ..It's so confusing and I need help SD. Even with the prettiest list of reasons not to drink I turn my head and do it anyway. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I'm not sure what the solution to this is but it sounds like you're drinking compulsively. Have you tried going to AA meetings? I'd recommend going to meetings getting a sponsor and calling people from AA or people you know when you think you're going to drink. Perhaps visit a doctor as well if you are having an intense disconnect between what you want to do and what you actually do. I'm sorry you're going through this
That compulsion you described of doing something that you dont want to do:  thats part of the definition of an addiction.  ..People who suffer from addictive behavior find it very difficult to stop a behavior from which they derive no pleasure.  Plus they feel frequently drawn to the behavior.  ..Maybe that's one way to approach what you are experiencing-as an addictive behavior?  CBT cognitive behavior therapy for example specifically addresses and corrects addictive behavior.  SMART Recovery is one program that uses that and other behavior modification therapies.   You can investigate CBT and other therapies online too.  
Annie Grace would call that cognitive dissonance. If you haven't read This Naked Mind I'd highly recommend it. It was a huge  aha moment  for me when I read her explanation of what alcohol does to your brain. 
&gt;it's not something I want to be doing.  I do it anyway.  I have no idea why...Well you've confirmed that you "have no idea why".  That's out of the way!.."Why" is overrated.  In fact it's a distraction.  As long as I'm cogitating about "why" I'm diverted from "What".  .."What" I do is all that matters.  I can think (why) or I can act (what)...Since "why" is uncertain and occurs in my head I instead turned my focus to "what" I do.  The *Actions* I take.  When I take the actions the what delivers results.  The "why" will come along later...&gt;Even with the prettiest list of reasons not to drink..Well you've reinforced your initial findings in this research:  Logic and reasoning are NOT effective approaches to alcohol.  It's similar to "I'll use this great hammer to wash the dishes".  ..The hammer may be the best hammer in the world effective in many scenarios.  Juts not at washing dishes...Same with logic and reasoning.  There are of course great applications for both.  Just not for forgoing alcohol...You proved it...I instead engage in action.  Go to meetings.  Call a sober support person.  Give of my time to others.  Help another person get and stay sober.  These are all action verbs...Look forward to hearing more about your journey!
