-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n0i0j/looking_for_people_with_an_experience_like_mine/

I had a pretty bad drinking habit for a while like a two bottles of wine per night kinda deal. I knew it was getting bad for me but I never wanted to quit entirely just moderate my consumption...That turned out to be difficult to do. I spent a year going a day without drinking here or there and going all out the rest of the time. I didn't "seek help" because I loved drinking too much to quit. I was trying to draw back so I wouldn't be forced to quit entirely some day...And then one day everything changed. I just lost interest in it. I quit totally. I haven't had a drink in two months now the longest I've gone in a decade without a drink. I really enjoy being sober now and have no desire to go back to it...My experience with quitting doesn't seem to mesh with other sobriety stories. I'm not struggling I still go to bars to hang out with my heavy drinking friends and have no temptation to go back to drinking. I can have a half glass of champagne and walk away just fine. ..But that doesn't mean I don't want someone to talk to about how it has changed things for me. For starters I haven't told anyone that I've quit. I don't want to have a conversation with a drinker about not drinking. Especially given how much I used to LOVE it. I don't want people to assume that I hit rock bottom or that if I have a sip of someone's beer that I'm going to spiral out of control. I don't consider rum cake to be a relapse...But I do worry that some day I will go back to drinking. I don't think I will but I still worry about it. Alcohol was such a huge part of my life and it's weird that it's nothing to me now part of me even feels bad that I can't explain why suddenly quitting was so easy when it wasn't before. I still have a good time out at the bar until 2am while my friends get wasted and I pretend like there is gin in my club soda...I'm just wondering if there is anyone out there that can relate to any of my story...
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to it. Before I quit I started questioning why I was still drinking the way I was when I wasn't enjoying it. ..Where we differ is that I can't really do the stand in a bar once others have reached a certain point so it's a long time since I last saw 2am on a night out...
I have drank lightly to moderately since I began in my early twenties (fifteenish years ago) and have periodically just gotten tired of it and taken breaks for weeks or months at a time.  My biggest problem is that I don't have an OFF switch and while I've always been able to say that it was far more difficult to stop once I'd started than just skip it altogether I find myself more and more focused on making sure that I have ample alcohol in the house.  My wife and I just celebrated our first anniversary and do not yet have children but I can tell that it's beginning to concern her and know for a fact that it's not going to get any better.  I have struggled with the concept of moderation for quite some time but continue to prove that I have no actual interest in moderating especially once I've started drinking.  So IWNDWYT.
I also loved getting drunk.  And I was really surprised at how easy it was to stop after 25 years.  I don't miss it at all.  What made all the difference for me is getting lots of exercise   15 hours of cardio a week   I get out on my bike!  My brain is just flooded all the time with feel good chemicals! - dopamine serotonin endorphins.  You know the same chemicals that alcohol causes the brain to release.  It's ridiculous how good I feel.  Not a single craving in a year.  
It reminds me a bit of how I quit smoking. I suddenly couldn't stand the thought of even lighting a cigarette. I had nicotine cravings every day but the thought of smoking was so disgusting I was not even tempted. I didn't plan it. Had planned on quitting later. But I knew it was a really good thing and was happy it happened that way. I can understand you wanting to talk about your experiences even though yours is different. I would just stick around here - you can't beat this community. Nobody's ever going to say you don't fit in - the more unique experiences shared here the better it is for us all. 
