-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n4t46/60_days_never_made_it_this_far_never_thought_i/

I keep staring at my badge. 60 days. Seems like a big number to me. Especially when the first couple weeks felt like an eternity. ..It is getting easier. I seem to be handling life better. I'm still struggling with my addictive personality. It seems like I always need SOMETHING to indulge in. Since it's no longer alcohol or drugs now it's sometimes food or porn or too much coffee. I'm wondering if I can have a life where I don't need to overdo anything but right now I'm not sure if that's possible. Seems like I have to choose the least destructive vice and accept that I need something to numb me. ..I always thought that by 60 days in I'd have sobriety all figured out. It turns out I'm just getting started and there is still so much uncertainty and learning. ..I think what I'm struggling with the most currently is the fact that sobriety hasn't solved all my problems. It feels as though my life is less bad but it's not necessarily better if that makes any sense. I fuck up less but I'm paying a price for it. Life is a bit more dull. More time in my own head. I'm afraid that if over time things don't get better (despite my best efforts) I'll eventually return to the drugs or alcohol (or both). For some reason the main thing that keeps me going is the fact that intoxication will always be within reach. There will always be a liquor store near by. But at this point I'm already 60 days in....I might as well wait and see what sobriety has in store for me. Who knows I just might be pleasantly surprised. 
----------immediate responses--------

Holy Crap! I can relate to everything in this post. Like you said though its getting easier and will continue to get easier. I kind of look at it this way: In some ways it really is starting from scratch but its an opportunity to grow and become the person your truly want to be. You will be pleasantly surprised. Congrats on 60 days. I will not drink with you today!
Jesus christ dude you basically wrote how I feel EXACTLY right now. It was relieving to read your post because I've felt/thought all these things but never put them together in one moment. Just know that you are not alone. I'm just glad to feel that what I'm going through right now is normal. Thank you friend!
Great name btw. .It is always around. You just have to say  fuck the zero !  Don't go back to day one! It's not worth it. All poison. Partying is ok just without the substances!! You the man! 
Not drinking has made all the issues I thought I'd left behind in my twenties rear their ugly heads. I won't drink with you today but I'm pretty upset at having to feel feelings.
So for me sobriety didn't solve the problems of my life it helped me to see those problems clearly. Realizing the people I was hanging out with were not supportive that my job was a dead end and that I basically had no direction in life sucked. Hard. What sobriety did for me though was gave me the energy and focus I need to repair the parts of my life that I felt were broken. I cut my unsupportive friend's out of my life and started to spend time with my friends that had their shit together. I also started to look for jobs and found a great one eight months after I got sober. 4 years and a promotion later I'm still there and loving it...I have an addictive personality too. When I quit drinking I quit weed at the same time. I relied too heavily on my nicotine addiction to get me thru the lean times. Somewhere along the way I picked up a Klonopin addiction. I quit cigarettes and Klonopin three years ago. The temptation to turn to another vice is strong but I caution you to remain vigilant and not let yourself go too far down the rabbit hole with another addiction. Being 100% clean and sober feels great.  It's its own high. ..Keep truckin'.  You can do it!
Way to go and very proud of you! 60 Days is Incredible :) Good job &amp; keep it up! I will not drink with you tonight.
I just hit that milestone too my friend. Longest stretch yet. Every single day is a victory.
I relate to this too  I was on 28 days and my birthday rolled around and yes life seemed a little dull. I drank as much as anything to keep my wife company and ended up on a binge and horribly hungover the next day. So that experiment is over and now getting back to the much happier place I was on day 27. I hope the feeling of life being flat dissipates in time but I am certain that even if it doesn't I am better off sober.
I can relate to all this too. Yes I need something to over indulge in too. I can turn it on and off a little. And I can make the thing I over indulge in exercise too that's helpful. I don't feel any situation could be improved by drinking none. I have to focus on that.
