-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nbsds/the_liquor_burn_and_the_meetingneed_some_help/

I was right next to the DJ booth in some college bar on 12/31/2013. Timber by Pitbull ft Ke$ha didn't sound any better at an ear splitting volume than it did at a normal one. A cold beer was clutched in my hand. The room smelled like stale alcohol and bleach. Scantily clad twentysomething girls and their backward baseball cap adorned bro-dates around me yelled drunken conversation in this Dionysian cacaphony...Still my wife and two great friends were there. And I do love those three. At midnight we had a glass of champagne. As a nightcap two hours later (with plenty in between) a shot of whiskey. ..I used to love it. The burn in my mouth.  Suppressing my urge to vomit the poison. The warmth in my stomach. The accelerated buzz after. Shots were an event for me. I think everyone else just tolerated them. ..I woke the next morning at 8. I was still drunk. I don't think I sobered up until a few hours later. Ugh. That's a pathetic state when you're almost 30...Funny thing is I missed it today. I missed the alcohol. The burn. The recklessness of it. I craved hard all weekend. I didn't give in but I struggled. ..12/31/2017: I am going to an AA meeting. Need to stay dry and I know some fellowship will help. I need the reassurance that sobriety gets easier...01/01/2018: I'll wake up sober. I'll be thankful I did and I'll report for my overnight shift at the ER ready to be the best healer I can be. ..Two days after that my next full shift as husband and father begins. ..I have to put my best foot forward in all these endeavors. Not only for me but for my career and for my family I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job on having a plan.  I have to remember they weren't all bad times but looking back the things I liked weren't  because of drinking.  I could've been listening to music and hanging out with friends sober.
Hi doc.  I'm so glad you posted.  A NYE present for me.  I like the reminiscence about your wife and friends and how that emotion presses through.  I'm so glad you didn't give in.  Let the ER invigorate you until you come home to your family.  Happy New Year!
Hey well done on getting through the cravings and on the badge clicking over to 50 tomorrow - that's awesome. You're doing great. Well done on checking in to a meeting and posting here too. ..Happy New Year ..-Talie
That struggles will return but you made it! One of the hardest days of the year! If I weren't in rehab I think I wouldn't have done it...So don't look at the struggles look at your victory!
