-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nftjg/woke_up_at_a_hospital_this_morning/

Hello all im a frequeny lurker here. I have been struggling with alcohol blackouts for quite some time now. I had a pretty bad 3 day hangover in November after my bday party that I dont really remember and decided to seriously cut down on alcohol. Ive been really good until this NYE. Everything was going well I had some champagne then some Jagger then some porto. Eventually I was super drunk and blacked out that my friends took me home put me in bed and left thinking that I will go to sleep. Nope. I have no idea what happened after that.. I got up put on my jacket and left my house without any money phone or keys. Then I probably felt pretty bad and hurt my head passed out someone probably called the ambulance and I was taken to a hospital. I woke up in a cell thinking that Im in a prison trying to remember things. Security guard told me that I was in a hospital detox facility where they bring highly intoxicated people. They took my blood and let me go. I got out with literally no idea what happened no money phone or keys. I found some change and took a bus to my dads house luckily he was home. I was able to sleep a little bit and then tried to figure out what the gell happened. We took a cab to my apartment and how lucky I was to find it safe!! The doors were closed but not locked and I found all of my money keys and phone sitting on the kitchen table. I am so blessed that nothing bad happened to me. The doctors found me in the street unconcious and literally saved my life. I am so grateful that my head is ok I will get it checked on in a couple of days. Horrible things could have happened to me. I am so lucky that my guarding angel saved me last night. It goes without saying that I am kicking alcohol out of my life I deserve so much better than this. I feel like me hitting my head was a sign for me to think about my choices. .I will not drink with you today! Or any other day. ..Thank you for reading I really appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

First let me say I'm really glad you are okay. That had to of been really scary. Admitting I needed help and needed to stop drinking was really hard and I was really stubborn about it.  I had a couple of scary situations like you had but I kept drinking thinking it was just "being young" or some other crazy thing. I denied many a wake-up-call. I'm so glad you aren't! The support I have found here has made the difference for me. It allowed me to get sober long enough to begin to address the reasons why I drank. I got meds for my depression and started therapy. The check-in helped me stay accountable in the beginning. Lurk no more! you can do this. I won't drink with you today
I'm happy you are safe. You never have to go through that again. Grab a badge from the link in the sidebar on the right. Please come back! I won't drink with you today!
You can do it I won't drink with you today.
I'm glad you're back here!  So... I went snooping back into your (short) post history.  Found a real gem by .u/guitarist4lif3 :..**Drinking made me feel normal.  Until I learned what normal was again.**..here's to getting there!  You never have to be worried like this again friend I am very pleased to have this opportunity not to drink with you today : )     I look forward to seeing you around!!! 
