-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ngne1/i_wake_up_every_morning_telling_myself_today_will/

I've been a lurking reddit for about three years but after looking at this subreddit I have finally decided to make.my first post. You guys are amazingly supportive and your positive stories are really inspirational...I was a binge drinker all through my teens and twenties. This dependency has crept up on me and now I am waking up to the fact that it's not something I can control anymore. I can't stop when I start. Alcohol has taken over. I don't drink during the day only in the evenings. However I've realised that when I need and want a break I can't control myself. This is the beginnings of me admitting to myself that I have a problem. If I can put it out in the world in some maybe that will make it tangible for me rather than some private hell I am constantly.struggling with. So here it is. The first thing. ..What is your advice for someone who has just come to this realisation?
----------immediate responses--------

Identifying that you have a problem is the first step to solving it. So you have already made major progress. My advice would be to never give up on the process of staying sober even if there are slip ups along the way. An open mind has helped me so much in finding new ways that have worked for me to stay sober. 
Yep you can quit any time you choose .Don't forget this..    I'm Fish I'd like to welcome you to take a leap of faith that you can stop drinking and that you will like it! 
I used to renege on my morning promises too. I wish I knew what let me break out of it but I don't. Posting here was a great step. Have you read any self-help books? I've found them useful. A lot of people here like Annie Grace's 'This Naked Mind' so that might be a good one to start with.
I think you should give yourself a pat on the back for coming to the realization.  I know I don't know you but that was really hard for me!  So well done.  There are up and downs in trying to stop but there are up and downs in every part of life.  So try not to get too down on yourself it's normal.  ..The things I try and focus on each day is a list.  A list of the things I want to accomplish just for the day.  And they are simple small things.  Go for a walk make my bed have a shower make my lunch for tomorrow and come to r/stopdrinking when I begin to feel bored and lonely.  ..I hope this helps and we are all here for you!!!
For years this was exactly my pattern as well. I'd wake up with so much resolve and then it would vanish. When I got serious about sobriety I learned that willpower decreases throughout the day so by the time evening rolled around I had no defenses left. I had to change my habits so that I was busy (and kept my blood sugar up) during my problem hours and I removed all the alcohol from my home. I avoid bars parties and liquor stores. Facing down temptation was a recipe for disaster so I don't do it anymore. Someone here once called that  controlling drinking from without than than from within.  It really helps! 
I'm fairly new to this. But in the last couple of weeks I've been working hard...Had a slip last night so back to day 1 - but I don't care because I am not giving up any more. 15 days minus 1 does not equal 0. ..I'm quite a structured and pragmatic person (when sober) so I have been using SMART recovery - and finding it extremely useful. Still early days but in case it helps my advice is simple. ..Take some action any action right now while the pain is fresh and you are motivated...Here are 2 things you can do right now to help clarify your thinking and build motivation - all you need is a pen and paper and a genuine desire to change:..Determine your Hierarchy of Values in life:..Instructions on page 2 - Worksheet on Page 1:.http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/HOV.pdf..Then this honest Cost-Benefit Analysis of your drinking:..Guide:.http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/cba_fourquestions.htm..Worksheet:.http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/CBA_Worksheet.pdf..These two exercises gave a massive boost to my own motivation and when I read back over them I feel rededicated to sobriety...If you like them I recommend getting the SMART recovery handbook - they have meetings too though they are harder to find than AA (which they don't disparage but are not associated with). ..You can do this it is in your power. Stay strong. 
Okay oops clearly new at this sorry my dudes  
Thanks for your advice and support so far. The fact you all took the time to reply has made my heart warm. I'm looking forward to looking in to the books and programs you've sent tomorrow. For now goodnight 
