-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ngp7m/had_a_small_slip_last_night_but_otherwise_a_dry/

Just here for accountability - had a small glass of wine last night with New Years Eve dinner. But I managed to go the entirety of the holidays without a drink (15 days) which was a huge accomplishment for me as this is usually a non-stop 10-day party as it is socially acceptable to binge constantly over Christmas so there were a lot of tough moments and I had serious doubts initially that I would even make it through Christmas Eve let alone all the way to NYE. ...So I'm proud of myself in spite of the slip last night because I managed to rationalise (using ABCs from Smart Recovery) not having anymore after that first glass; prevented myself using it as an excuse to go wild like I usually would (this day last year I was nursing a terrible hangover and apologising to my wife for being an ass). ...Nevertheless I'm here to re-dedicate to zero alcohol from today and for as long/as much as possible because I didn't even enjoy the feeling of that one glass or the temptation it brought on to binge which was so dangerously familiar and to be honest had I been in a different mood might have swayed me into a bender I would be lamenting this very moment. I'm grateful I didn't but refuse to be lulled into a false sense of security - I know myself too well for that now....For context I am working my way through the Smart Recovery Handbook (easily found on Amazon and Google) which I must say has been a fantastic resource for me in the last few weeks (highly analytical structural self-reliant and skeptical by nature). ...I observed and made note for myself of a lot of different reactions to my decision not to drink over the holidays which I am going to use to prepare for future social situations as I've identified that they are my main trigger as a binge drinker (who was pretending to be a "social" drinker) - and thought they might be useful to anyone preparing to stop or who is recently sober an yet to encounter:...(And to be clear none of this is meant in judgment. To be honest I had compassion for most of the reactions I got as I quickly realised that I have been on the other side of most of them at one point or another)....1: Other problem drinkers in denial will undermine you consistently (I was mocked cajoled repeatedly offered fobbed off etc.) even though you explicitly say you are not drinking....2: Well-meaning family members might not "get it" and will mumble platitudes about how it is "good to take a break from alcohol" while ignoring your request that they take seriously your commitment to stopping for good (or moderating if that is your thing.)...3: People in the early stages of contemplating their own negative relationship with alcohol will quiz you in a fairly transparent attempt to convince themselves that you are a hypocrite so they can resolve their own cognitive dissonance about wanting to stop but not being able to yet. ...4: Some people will give you a knowing and considerate look and grab you a soft drink with no further questions asked....5: A voice in your head (I've named him my Inner Asshole) will try to convince you that you would be having ten times more fun with some drink - and the only solution for me was to look back over a list of drinking regrets to counter his lies. ...6: Being out late with people who are very drunk (my wife had a birthday party that went to 4 am) can be an unexpectedly good motivator to stay sober for good once you get past that first hour where I find temptation is at its peak. (On the advice of someone in my family I came an hour late so they were all already a drink or two into proceedings and wouldn't notice or care I was sober.)...7: Some people will think they know you better than yourself. They will all but say that you won't be able to change ultimately - they may be people you have hurt in the past with your drinking and they are rightfully skeptical. I will use their doubt as fuel. ...8: Strangers won't care or notice that you are not drinking....9: At some point someone who knows why you are doing this will tell you how proud they are to see you sticking to your commitment and it will be the sweetest sound in the world....10: You will encounter someone struggling with the same problem who is ready for change maybe even while they are drinking and they will all but ask you for advice on how to stop. At this moment you will feel a dreadful mixture of compassion and sadness - try your best to nudge them in the right direction but I recommend you don't get too involved unless you are far along the path because you need to help yourself first before you can be there for others. ...I hope that helps someone mostly needed to get it off my chest....IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

I appreciate you spelling out all these reactions to your decision. And your response to your glass of wine seems measured and your reaction seems logical and informing.  Great all around if you ask me!  IWNDWYT
#6. ..I JUST experienced how true this was last night when I drove to the bar at 1am to pick up friends who'd been partying...Sure I had a few mild cravings earlier in the evening. But once it got closer to midnight and with each passing second after that it felt so good not to be drinking. Especially watching - and hearing - all the drunk people leaving... just like I'd done dozens of times from the same bar. ..Thanks. 
Wow man. Great to see you taking this seriously. This is happening fantastic accountability post...If you've done 15 days you can do a month especially in January because it's *trendy to not drink*!!!1!!eleven!..Then February is the shortest month of the year so you can get two months under your belt mad quick...After that it's easy right? .. All you have to do is not drink today :)
Thank you for this thorough account. This is like the 10th time someone has mentioned SMART recovery so I'm going to have to look that up. Just ordered another frequent mention "The Naked Mind" and looking forward to reading that. I'm on day 5 and I will not drink with you tonight. 
