-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nixdl/back_for_a_new_year_a_new_opportunity_long_read/

I was active on this group previously for some time and after a long period of relapse am now back under a new account as I felt I needed a fresh start. Last New Year's I made yet another half-assed attempt at sobriety for the first few weeks but backslid into old habits of nightly blackouts and typical behavior that accompanies my binging: over-eating calling in to work not working out heart-pumping anxiety twisting me awake at 4AM. This 'lifestyle' interspersed with a week or two here and there of sobriety have constituted my 2017 and it has been demoralizing to see myself devolving back into weakness and self-loathing. .An enormous part of my problem is my inability to tell myself 'no.' I can ignore temptation most days when I am sober and have found some methods I've gleaned here particularly H.A.L.T to be very helpful in stringing together some sober time. But inevitably as some small or passing thing triggers me I find a reason to allow my mind to run rampant and the next thing I know I'm sitting at the bar or waiting in the grocery store line with a twelve pack heart racing with anticipation of feeling that warm familiar reassuring safety blanket of the alcohol buzz. But the next morning is always agony and the drinking continues every night for weeks until I am again at my wit's end physically and emotionally and find a day where the hangover is so complete that I just can't stomach any booze and I am able to get a little chunk of sobriety going before relapsing yet again. .So here I am facing the real ugly reality which is that my alcoholism is going to be my assured downward spiral unless I drastically change my behavior. By the grace of Odin I am financially stable have a good relationship with my live-in girlfriend (who hardly drinks at all) and am doing well at work but I am positive that my constant binge-drinking over the past 15 years (am 34 now) has done harm to my body and emotional health and am also fairly positive there is a good chance I won't make it to 40 at least not intact if I continue this way. .Though I have made many false starts at sobriety I can say the most important value I have taken away from this sub is the mentality that I will as long as I am breathing keep trying to stay sober. Even over the course of the last year I have managed to not lose the will to keep kicking to stay afloat even at times where I feel like this thing is eventually going to get the best of me..So I am re-committing myself to an alcohol-free 2018. I know that the road to hell is paved with good intentions so here are some simple changes I am making to help me stay ahead of relapse temptation:..-I have begun a daily morning exercise routine that includes light and intense workouts but occurs every day so I have a reason to be in bed sober and hydrated to be ready for the morning. This was a huge help in my longest stretch of sobriety of a little over two months..-I am going to start attending the local weekly SMART meetings again. I went for a while and then did not once I began relapsing heavily but I found them very insightful and welcoming..-I am going to proactively get in the habit of not just saying 'no' to tempting thoughts but getting mad at them before they can blossom. I need to start thinking of my mind suggesting a drink the same way I would respond if a thought occurred to me to drink some bleach: "WTF?! No way brain are you ****ing kidding me? That stuff is literally poison!".-I am going to be active daily on this sub once again at the very least for the daily check-in. It has saved me in the past from on-the-spot temptation and been infinitely valuable in having the moral support of peers who understand the depths and intricacies of addiction to alcohol. ..Thanks for being here as always SD I look forward to a year of sobriety with you all!..tl;dr I'm glad to be back after a fairly long absence and here's to a sober 2018!.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Everything you said about looking for reasons to drink almost going on autopilot and finding yourself in line at the store etc resonated with me. ..I too am ready to seriously commit. One thing I realized today was this- I have no choice but to do this because I am so sick and tired of the alternative. Of trying to moderate falling into a binge cycle of hating myself.  There is no other option for me. Been there and done that. The alternative is far worse than having to tough it through. I'm committing to 30 days and will go from there. If I don't make this change now- I too will be seriously compromising my health. ..I love all the things you're incorporating to help you stay on track. We can do this- I'm rooting for you my friend!
Sounds like a good plan!..Fizzy-water-cheers to a sober 2018!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome! You've chosen a great day to stop drinking! What helped me the most in the first 6-7 months was [The Daily Check-In](https://redd.it/7ncyxb) and AA. Something very powerful happened in my brain **Each and Every Morning** when I typed those five little words "I will not drink TODAY." If I felt the lizard speaking to me later in the day I remembered the commitment I made to myself and kept EXTRA Busy and/or went to a meeting. Good luck and happy new year!
Well said and so true. I'm very excited about the prospect of getting this monkey off our backs and truly living a full and fulfilling life! I'm rooting for you too!
It's such a hard path isn't it? I ended up drinking yesterday and today earlier. But I'm so done with it. I don't know why I do it when I know better. One thing I realized these past few days is that - it's actually not as great as my brain wants me to think it is. It actually kind of sucked. So...here I am....I reset my badge to day 1.  I'm ready and will not stop trying! Are you doing ok?
