-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nj7jq/so_i_had_a_relapse_last_night/

I've been wanting to quit for some time after a major health scare and had a bit more than a week under my belt...I decided to share my ambitions with my local crew of friends (I have very few friends where I live....moved here for work 10 years ago and never really made good friends or established community) and they were verbally supportive but their actions suggest otherwise...I was told that I probably would not have fun at their annual New Year's Eve party and that maybe I could come for a movie night or something some "other time" in the to-be-determined future...This left me feeling rejected and unfortunately the local LCBO (our liquor stores ) were open so I decided treat myself to two bottles of Veuve Clicqot.  A few hours later I was sending angry texts to most of those folks and fell asleep (read: passed out) at 10:00 PM and missed the Happy New Year's texts from friends and family who all live elsewhere...That was yesterday and a different year - today is 2018 and I am not drinking with all of you today. Social support is going to be important for me as I move through this next little while - I've lived away from where I am from for too long to text those people and expect much more than sympathetic nods and I just torched the few bridges I have locally...A lot to contemplate. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

As you said it was a different day and a different year.  Now it's 2018 and we are with you.  You are a good person. IWNDWYT.
I'm sorry   that must have made for a crappy way to feel all day today. Good on you though for not letting a relapse and the aftermath of your night deter you from not drinking. Not drinking today was the best healthiest even easiest part of my day today   but it made all the other things to enjoy about today (playing with my dog shooting the shit and joking with other dog owners as we huddled freezing together enjoying the Rose Bowl eating my excellent fish tacos and more) even possible to enjoy.  .  .I go to meetings and especially if you're just starting out you might give them a try if there are any in your area(s). Online social support like SD is a Godsend for so many of us but I needed in-person face-to-face contact with other people trying to do the same to get and especially stay sober.   .  .However you end up facing down the drinking and facing up to the excuses to take  just one  drink bottle night off: good luck! Your NYE can become something you relate to other shaky newly sober folks years from now to save them from having experience what you felt this morning themselves.  .  .I'll not drink with you today AND TONIGHT too! Cheers!
Hey congratulations on a new day and Happy New Year!!!..**IWNDWYT.**
Props on the honesty and self awareness. Some don't get that far. I will not drink with you tonight. 
courage to you on your path ahead
