-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nkaay/looking_for_inspirational_quotes/

Hi Redditors ..A bit of my story - I am a 24 yo female alcoholic freshly out of rehab. I've been 11 months sober before but I relapsed 7 months ago and this time I am absolutely determined to stay sober. I'm starting a sober diary for 2018 and would love any inspirational quotes that help you love each day sober. Or just any quotes in general you like. ..Today I am 54 days sober (I am unsure how to add this to my post to get badges etc - help would be appreciated) and I wish you all a wonderful and alcohol-free 2018. ..Much love to you all 
----------immediate responses--------

Use this link for badge request: http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/ ..
I memorized this in probably my first few weeks of sobriety and it's stuck with me ever since. .."That which we persist in doing becomes easier not that the task itself has become easier but that our ability to perform it has improved." ..-Ralph waldo emerson.
This one always sticks with me -..We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality. ..Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced all the battles you have won and the fears you have overcome." - Uknown
- One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done -Marie Curie..- Our life is what our thoughts make it -Marcus Aurelius..- Events do not just happen but arrive by appointment -Epictetus..- There's nothing new under the sun..- Be content to seem what you really are -Marcus Aurelius..- Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up -Thomas Edison..- All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them -Galileo..- The secret of getting ahead is getting started -Mark Twain..- We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit -Aristotle..- Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it -Rene Descartes..- Many calculations lead to victory and few calculations to defeat -Sun Tzu..- The best luck is the luck you make -Douglas MacArthur..- Age wrinkles the body quitting the soul -Douglas MacArthur..- How soon will time cover all things? -Marcus Aurelius..- Everyone's life is a warfare and that long and various -Epictetus..- Slavery takes hold of a few but many take hold of it -Seneca..- There is no problem so bad you can't make it worse -NASA..- The only thing you control is how you respond to what happens to you -Mattis..- Despite your best laid plans in the future Surprise will remain your constant companion -Mattis..- You can't learn what you think you already know -Epictetus..- Nothing is forever except change -Buddha..- Everything is the seed of what it will become -Marcus Aurelius..- No great thing is created suddenly -Epictetus..- Patience is bitter but its fruit is sweet -Aristotle..
Nothing changes if nothing changes. ..Cut the bullshit and cut the excuses. ..I will not be a slave to that which does not fulfill me. ..I am glad you joined. Love yourself and keep yourself first place in your life. 
"Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
