-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nklw4/dui/

I am sorry to vent. I've made it exactly 91 days without drinking. I am bipolar and an alcoholic and have been struggling for five years. The last two were the worst. I have attempted suicide twice and been institutionalized five times. I'm getting on my feet at 26. ..My younger brother is 21. He's been doing great. Really mature and level headed for his age. Typical guy parties once in awhile. But he's in the National Guard and yeah. ..Well he was driving drunk New Year's Eve which he never does and he smashed into a tree. He was in pretty bad shape got out and is recovering at the hospital...Here's my warped brain. I am sad because I feel guilty. Like he and my family have seen me through hell. I've driven drunk numerous times that they've known about. And my brain wishes it were me that crashed and not him because he has so much good in his life and mine has already gotten low. ..I don't know. I figured I would post something to just get it out. Thanks for letting me read all of your stories on here too. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Sorry to hear about your brother. I hope he can recover fully from the accident. Thoughts and prayers to him you and the rest of your family...On to you you're 90+ days sober. That's awesome. Keep your chin up. Unfortunately the rest of the world is for the most part out of our control. 
I don't have anything to say except that I very much hope your brother will be ok. And I'm glad you came here to talk about it. ..Also it's really amazing that you stopped drinking at 26. That is right when I started really drinking and now I've just stopped at 33. So you are way ahead of me. 
I'm sorry for your troubles. It's natural for us to want to carry the pain of our loved ones. It wouldn't make anything easier for anyone if it was you though. Life isn't fair but it does offer a long line of chances. It's up to us to do the most of them. Wish you and your brother all the best.
