-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nlgru/turned_28_today_got_through_the_holidays_without/

8 months ago I was at rock bottom I laid off in April and was evicted in May I went from working at a tech company to working at a gas station and keeping my stuff behind the generator slept there a few nights. I was suicidal for the first time in my life during that month. I prayed to the God of My Understanding and then called home for help one day and decided to come home to my parent's house to get sober work as a freelancer and get my shit together. ..I've made a lot of progress in recovery by working the Steps in AA and exploring why I do what I do I've gotten a few big freelancing projects I quit smoking and eating meat saw the Grand Canyon and left North America for the first time. Recovery is hard work I've had to accept things about myself that I never thought I could. I've had to sort through what felt like a u-haul full of stuff from the past and distill it down to a few suitcases now working to distill it down to a backpack. ..Yet I struggle with the fact that I live at home with my parents as I save up enough money to move out and be independent again. I feel like people in my extended family think my life is a joke. I look back on my life and wonder why didn't I 'get it' when I was 14 19 21-24. I've grown a lot over the course of my 20's but I wonder if 28 and 29 could be enough time to complete 'the Comeback' and have things like a stable income a home a girlfriend that understands I can't drink anymore. ..It's my birthday and I'm just having a bit of an existential day. Please help a brother out no one else knows that all this is going on inside me at the moment and I can't afford $150 a therapy session or feel like AA is the place to share all this info. ..Happy New Year!.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry about what other people think! You are still so young there is plenty of time to build the life you want. Don't be ashamed of living at home and saving money it's much smarter than living on your own and building up debt..You are doing great this is not easy!.I will not drink with you today   
There's so much truth in what you said about having to accept things about yourself - Oof. That hit home for me. I am around the same age and have a lot of similar thoughts and feelings on the subject. Thank you so much for sharing. Don't forget to take it one day at a time. It sounds silly but it's really the key to recovery. Thinking about everything in a timeline can be overwhelming. Focus on today. I will not drink today. :) Hope you find the answers you're looking for. 
Happy Birthday Valyrian    .Congratulations on all the shit you got together! .You just need to take this hug I'm sending you and wrap yourself up in it for a bit while you give yourself a break from the expectations that are distracting you from seeing how well you've done since the time you chose as your turning point. .I always have to remind myself of how incredibly diverse we are in everything from physically mentally spiritually to the family and environment into which we are born. Given the seemingly infinite differences and combinations of these factors that can occur between all of us ...well it's just illogical to compare yourself to another and rate yourself against another. .Focus on you because you're the only one qualified to know who you are and what you can do do with your unique combination. .And who knows this may all be just a simulation in your consciousness anyway ;) .Hope I've helped your existentialism and cheered you up a bit. Have a great day doing what you love for yourself. .Peace  
Dude I am 32 and right there with you. Have moved back in with my folks so many times. However I do know that right now is a hard time to be economically stable even for a middle class educated kiddo so I try to not be too hard on myself for that. ..Recovery is not linear and really neither is life. Your parents have taken you in and that's cos they can and they want to. They love you so much they want to help you. ..Kicking smoking and going vegetarian are also huge achievements! So be proud of yourself for those too...I believe in you. 
Keep improving yourself dont worry about your age or the time that has passed. ..Happy new year and happy birthday!
