-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nmd05/so_basically_i_desperatley_need_to_quit_drinking/

I am 21 years old. I have anxiety which become out of control when I don't take medication so I take an SSRI...Basically I have a high alcohol tolerance. So when I go out on the town with friends I could have 10 or so drinks without being incredibly drunk. I usually end up having 5-8. I know this is bad and alcohol is something i've been struggling with for many years. Often times when I start I really struggle to stop. Again I know this is bad and I'm here to change. I want to stop...For the next 3 days after drinking my mood is so low. I hate every aspect about myself. I find flaws I didn't know existed. Every thing I look at online every tv show I try to watch I somehow relate it back to one of my flaws. I dwell I obsess over things. I even have suicidal thoughts sometimes. This happens without fail every time I drink...I'm not the most social person so drinking is a significant part of my social life. I only have two friends that are keen to hang with me outside of a outside of a bar believe me i've tried with the others and no ones keen. I know for now I need to avoid bars until I can get confident enough to go to one without drinking...Theres also basically no way I could fathom going out on a date without a stiff drink first which again I know if bad. I am working on my anxiety issues and aside from taking the leap to quit drinking I am literally do everything within my power to work on it as I have been doing for almost 5 years the best I can and dates are just so low do on my list of things to work on with anxiety I guess this is kind of insignificant and I'll just put it aside...I need to change and this is the year. Please can you provide me with some tips for a newbie. Again I know myself and I am not able to go out with friends and just not drink or have a lemonade I have to remove myself from the situation all together...My issues lie summed up: I can go 24hrs without drinking. I can even go 2 weeks. But eventually I feel the need to let my hair down and I go out to join friends at bars and clubs (they aren't the dinner and a movie going type of friends)  and I binge drink and I can't go out like that and *not* binge drink. But I just cannot emotionally deal with the aftermath of how I feel after drinking the lowest of lows I don't know why it affects me this strongly but it does and I can't do it anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

The majority of the worlds population either don't drink or don't abuse alcohol.  It's either not part of their daily life or it's a secondary accompaniment to some other primary activity...I just needed to connect with those people...I wasn't going to find them where I'd been hanging out - pubs nightclubs sports bars metal concerts raves tailgate parties etc...I went to meetings where everyone was sober wanted to be sober and wanted to help me get sober.  Then I got to practice socializing with other sober people...That led to all kinds of activities such as hiking kayaking biking museums concerts motorcycles dinners etc.  activities that didn't include alcohol...That opened all kinds of possibilities!..Whadda ya think?
As a newbie the most helpful thing I did for myself was to read...This Naked Mind is free in the side bar. Alan Carr's 'How to Control Alcohol' is also a great read!
What helped me--after trying and failing to moderate and quit on my own for months--was realizing I needed help.  I started going to meetings telling my family and friends what I was doing and reading.  In particular the books This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained were extremely helpful for me and re-framed how I thought and approached alcohol...We are glad you are here and we all ALL know you can do this.  I will not drink with you today!
Hey there I also suffer from anxiety (social anxiety among others) and was drinking to quell that. It always ramped my anxiety up in the long run rather than helping. After about 30 days without alcohol I was amazed at how low my fear response was. It was still difficult to tackle certain social situations but gradually I did and the fear diminished to almost nothing. I attend Refuge Recovery  meetings and made a network of sober friends that way also from taking up yoga (any healthy displacement activity is great for the brain and can also be a great way to meet new people). Hang on to those two friends who are willing to do coffee or movies or sober events. If the others don't want to hang around you if there is no drinking involved perhaps they are not such good friends? Best wishes and let us know how it goes!
Hi there! It seems like your biggest trigger is your social circle. I know this isn't the most exciting or positive-sounding advice but there is a reason that sober people/sober places is the #1 rule of early sobriety. I have had to cut a lot of friends from my life in order to put my sobriety first and I suspect I will never (a) be strong enough or (b) have a desire to set foot in a bar or club again. Those places are for drinking and I don't drink. Keep reading here! There is tons of good wisdom on this site. .
