-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nmyy8/today_i_am_5_years_sober/

I've waited so long for this day and now that it's here it just feels like any other Tuesday. I'm proud of myself for coming this far. Sobriety has given me more self confidence than I ever had when I was drinking. If I can quit drinking on a whim after a terrible NYE binge and stay off the stuff for 5 years without relapse I can do anything...I don't have much else to say other than I've been waiting years for this day and it feels incredible. To anyone who is just starting their sobriety journey: it gets better. It gets easier with time. You will love yourself more than you can possibly imagine once you show yourself what you're truly made of..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a great accomplishment - I hope to be where you are some day - one day at a time. Wishing you peace and continued success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations on reaching that huge milestone...I hope I'll be where you are now in 5 years!
Congrats!! that's a great milestone!
Congratulations!! I love posts like this. I've yet to read one post where someone who quit drinking for a long stretch like this was worse off. Without question...each and every case the person and their life has improved. 
Wonderful achievement and I am so happy for you :-)
Congrats on your milestone!
congratulations on your achievement!! i have no doubt you will continue to stay sober for many years to come. also i love your username. :) haha
5 years is such an achievement! Wishing you many more days of sobriety. I will not drink with you today!
Most excellent. Congratulations on this milestone anniversary! 
Congratulations. Did your craving go away?
Congratulations!! Way to go!!
That is fantastic thank you for posting this congrats!!
Amazing achievementI completely agree that through sobriety comes genuine confidence and it grows by the day..:)
amazing
Nice job! That is huge! 
Awesome
Fantastic post. Way to go. 
Fantastic achievement....well done!
Congrats you are an inspiration!
Wow that's incredible.  I look up to veterans like you.  Has anything changed in your sobriety over the past three years or has it been on cruise control at this point?
just saw your post in trollX ;) congrats on your milestone!
Congratulations! Seeing success stories makes me more hopeful that I can do it too! Right now I'm 5 *days* sober but still -- a journey of a thousand miles begins with the first steps right?
Fantastic and inspirational xx
Congratulations!  5 years is my big goal.  And by then I hope to have a new one.  :-)
You are my hero.
Happy birthday Thank GOD for 24 MORE!
CONGRATS!!!! Woo hoo on the 5 years! I can't wait to know what that feels like! 
You're an inspiration. Congratulations!
Well done! I'm four years today I celebrate with you by not drinking .
Congratulations!
Thanks that just really hit me..
Congrats on a huge milestone. Seeing people like you who can stick with it is inspiring and helps keep me going when it gets rough.
I'm right there with you............. one day ahead!! Congrats to us let's keep going one day at a time!! .
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing with us.
Congrats! 
Great job keep spreading the good word.  I just left someone a comment in this sub about how unstoppable they'll feel after they remove the chains of dependency.    YOU ARE THERE!  Congratulations :)
Congratulations!!! Thank you for the hope that I too can do this.
[Congrats!](https://i.imgur.com/9kG1bFc.jpg)
Nice work!
Thank you for inspiring me.      
Congratulations 
Congratulations! I won't be drinking with you today!
When I first started I couldn't imagine getting to 30-days much less five years.  Now I just feel I'm 968 days behind you.  Congrats on this major milestone!
That's awesome congratulations on 5 years!!!
Congrats!
Congrats! Here's to 5 more!
Congrats! seems so far away right now but I hope to get there too! Well done.
congrats! i'm approaching 5 years myself and am starting to get pretty reflective about what changes i've been making and it feels good.
congrats your story means a lot. 
You Rock!  Awesome Job!
Congrats! Your post was extremely inspiring to read.  I have a question for you. ..I'm about 40 days into my journey and I have to say   the anxiety and depression is horrible.  I felt incredible for the first 20 days but since then I've become accustomed to not feeling sluggish due to alcohol and just have this overwhelming sense of not even remotely interested in anything or anyone. It's like I don't even know how to behave socialize or remember how to be my normal outgoing self. Did you go through any periods like this? ..Background: heavy binge drinker for the last 10 years or so. Started in college with weekend binges partying etc. and turned into more and more consumption over the years. Rock bottom was about 45 days ago   5 day bender of extreme alcohol abuse put me in the hospital. And now I'm here. ..I'm not currently struggling to stay sober but I'm struggling to do it with a healthy calm and happy outlook / mindset. ...
[removed]
You and I quit about 3 weeks apart. It's interesting being 5 years down the line isn't it?
* If I can quit drinking on a whim after a terrible NYE binge and stay off the stuff for 5 years without relapse I can do anything.*..I'm a little way behind you in terms of years off the booze but I fully share your sentiment...Many congratulations :-)
Woot woot!
