-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nr7nr/almost_at_3_weeks_sober_and_the_cravings_are/

I really want to drink my mom and brother are visiting and staying with us. My mom is...a lot to deal with. ..I can't help but think maaan a drink right now would be great. But then I remember my last hospital visit "You are in the beginning stages of liver failure" is what my doctor told me. The struggle is real right now but I will not drink with you guys today. ..Are there any songs about getting sober anyone can recommend? I'm trying to drown out my inner alcoholic self that's begging for a drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe take the money you would go spend on a bottle and go get something else.... slice of your favorite pizza or a snap tite model kit and put a car together...Keep the mind busy! :)
I'm having a rough night too....want to numb my brain but...I will not drink with you tonight. 
I find for ME cbd oil is amazing for crazings.Almost moreso than thc
Man for fighting cravings my go-to is chocolate. Some people say any sugar will do...When I was fighting really bad cravings there were times I was just trying to get through moment to moment...Good luck! Keep posting!
[deleted]
Boy do I know about wanting to drink due to exhausting family. But don't let them take the power of your sobriety. Can you get out for a walk or a drive? Sending super supportive thoughts your way
Hope you find some great songs! Glad you're here! 
There are a few really good relaxation/meditation/stop drinking videos on You Tube.. Maybe listen to one of those for 30 minutes... May help...
Not exactly a song about getting sober but Drive by Incubus is about having control of your own life. I dig it. You might too.
I wrote a song called  control  you may like about my addiction to meth Nd other things (from years ago). ..I also wrote one recently called  wheel away  about taking back your life. ...Www.KRLmusic.com ...Best of luck man!
Here ya go. It's not exactly uplifting but very cathartic. This guy  gets it  and I find it comforting. ..https://youtu.be/EWckOp8isaA
