-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nrwmp/2018_new_years_sders/

Last year after a half-hearted attempt at sobering up after the New Year I would lurk on SD after relapsing and occasionally someone would do a roll call for those who shared the same date having quit on the 2017 New Year holiday. I remember feeling a bit left out and sad that I blew my opportunity to be a part of that. So I just wanted to put it out there that I'm very much looking forward to celebrating with other 1/1/2018 babies as we continue this journey. ..I'm sure some myself included have already begun to feel the pangs of temptation and the mental gymnastics of "well it's not like New Years is some magical day that I HAVE to make my sobriety date..." But for sure one of the most difficult parts is gaining the initial traction to get going and we're all almost 48 hours in some of the most difficult hours for a lot of us. So hooray for us! And for everyone else here! I'm grateful to be here and to have yet another opportunity to begin my sober life. I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Day 2 in the books! IWNDWYT 
I set my badge for Dec 31 2017 instead of Jan 1 2018 because I like the idea of Jan 1 being my "day one." Like you I joined earlier but I'm back I'm here and in it for the year. IWNDT!
Right there with you! 
It makes me so happy to see so many new folks here! I'm glad to have you all with us :). It's a tough journey but so well worth the effort. ..I look forward to reading from you!!
High five! Congratulations on putting yourself out there and for taking the plunge. I'm cheering for you!
Day 2 here as well :)
I needed to read this right now. Anxiety through the roof snapping at my housemate can't sit still. I'm proud to be in the 1/1/18 cohort. Thank you!!!
I'm awake and in my tub instead of sleeping because of not drinking with you all tonight! I used to drink a lot before bed and I'm having trouble sleeping the last couple days but so far so good! Solidarity!!!! 
I have a good feeling this is going.to be our year guys !!!!! IWNDWYT.
Just want to say welcome to everyone and to let you all know I am in your corner. The first two weeks of sobriety are really hard but please stick with it- it gets better and is so rewarding.
Currently feeling apprehensive about my resolution but here I am. Here's hoping all of us will have a fantastic year. 
Thanks! Feeling better this morning and super pleased to be feeling really fresh. 
