-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nuw5f/new_to_this_sub_sober_for_one_week/

Not really sure how this is supposed to go but here it is...I never did drink every day. I would sometimes be able to stop after 1 or 2 beers. But sometimes 1 out of every 6 or 7 times I'd drink I just couldn't stop. I would keep drinking until I couldn't drink anymore. I started blacking out/"browning out" with more frequency and after fewer drinks. It never affected my work performance I never got arrested and I never hurt myself...but I almost hurt someone else so many times that it made me sick. And it's one specific time that made me decide to quit for good...I got the day after Christmas off and my wife didn't. We had been married for three weeks. We got a brand new Big Green Egg for Christmas from her parents which as I'm sure most of you know is a very expensive (and awesome) gift. While she was at work I decided to smoke a boston butt on the grill. Everything was fine until about four hours into the cook I decided to open a bottle of wine. I never drink alone so that in itself is weird. When she asked me later why I did this I honestly couldn't tell her. I drank that bottle of wine and then I went into the fridge and drank two whole bottles of champagne. I blacked out for most of the night and all I remembered was a shouting match with her when she got home. The reason for all that was that at some point I had shattered the grill (it's ceramic) while it was still burning. Pieces of it were all over the driveway embers from the grill were smoldering in the yard...nothing had caught on fire but she had to get out the garden hose and put everything out. Apparently we got into a huge argument in the garage and our neighbors came out. Eventually the argument continued into the house where I begged for her forgiveness. She told me she wanted to divorce me that she didn't want to live with a drunk. I had told her I'd cut back my drinking a few times before and on one occasion I told her I'd quit. I never did. That night after she rejected my pleas enough times I told her to go f*** herself to get out of my house to kill herself and to stab herself in the throat with a letter opener. I've never felt worse about myself in my life. I told her that I'd never drink again and that I meant it this time. I haven't had a drink since nor have I wanted to. ..The thing I am still struggling with is when I go to AA meetings something in my brain tells me that I'm not an alcoholic because I can go long periods without drinking at all and can sometimes drink normally. Even though that's true I clearly have an alcoholic brain. I remember all the stupid things I did in college/grad school. The time I drove drunk for five miles and had no recollection of how I got home. The time I woke up in the hospital with zero idea of how I'd gotten there. All the times I'd pissed the bed after a night of getting hammered. All the times I'd been cut off at or kicked out of the bar. All the times I'd woken up terrified of what I had said to who and the panic that struck me upon checking my sent text messages/dialed phone calls. The fact that I'd shattered the lid on the toilet in my apartment in grad school somehow with zero recollection of doing so. The time on the 4th of July I ended up smoking weed (I legitimately do not do that so that was bizarre) in a hotel bathroom with one of my friends and a stranger...I guess in a weird way I'm asking...I'm definitely an alcoholic right?..I hope I didn't violate any rules of the sub and thanks for reading if you did. Oh and I will NOT have a drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ooooh you sound like me - I have been sober for a week too. I don't think it matters whether you are an alcoholic or not. The real question is whether alcohol is adversely impacting your life and the answer is clearly yes. I honestly think some people don't have the constitution to drink - it sounds like it causes you to be verbally abusive. I am a drunk texter/drunk sayer of stuff I don't mean person too. I have done ridiculous things while drunk and for me I need to draw a line under it whether I'm an alcoholic or not. Good luck :)
I know. It is horrible to have to face up to something you don't recall saying don't even mean and would never say if you weren't drunk. I have just had to accept that when I drink I blackout and do riculous things and that's my reality. I am no longer prepared to hand over the controls to my mind/body to some corporation making money out of my trainwreck life/addiction.
Hey there.  I wouldn't focus too much on labels and just that alcohol just doesn't play nice with anyone.  ..I can relate to your story a lot.  When I drink I cannot have nice things at all.  I've destroyed or lost so much stuff while wasted.  I had to buy my 4th (FOURTH!!!) pair of nice sunglasses because I've either broken or lost the first three.  The original pair was a gift and I didn't want to tell my wife I fucked up.   Such a waste of my hard earned cash but it seemed worth it at the time to cover my tracks...I'm also am avid griller /bbq guy.  I'm shopping around for a ceramic bbq and know what that big green egg costs.  I'm saving your post as a reminder for me as I am literally getting anxiety reading your story.  I would also have a great day / get something nice and then go on a big bender to celebrate... then mess it all up...Thanks for sharing and don't worry about the "alcoholic" label.  Just realizing that alcohol is what is is and that it doesn't bring anything positive to your life is enough for me to m9ve on without drinking. Good luck!
It's always hard for me to answer when someone asks a question looking for a quantifiable answer related to alcoholism. Is being an alcoholic something that can be measured? Is it number of drinks over time? Is it number of alcohol-related incidents over time? Alcohol-related incidents over number of times drunk multiplied by number of drinks divided by number of days between drinking? ..I am not being sarcastic or condescending here so I hope it doesn't read that way. I've had actual conversations with alcoholics in denial (the first ever or these conversation being with myself of course) where time and numbers and other measurable factors are used to deny the otherwise obvious problem. I've even taken those quizzes where I would fill in the number of drinks and frequency to try to calculate if I'm alcoholic. ..There's merit in knowing and acknowledging and calculating the amount and frequency of consumption don't get me wrong. But at the end of the day for me it really boils down to how I react emotionally and mentally and physically to alcohol my relationship with alcohol in general and the behaviors I exhibit surrounding it. ..The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism has a pretty comprehensive list of characteristics to suggest Alcohol Use Disorder. ..https://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption/alcohol-use-disorders..I'd read through these as a starting point and see if any of these characteristics sound familiar. 
I'm at a week too! Let's keep it up!
I am similar to you. What is working for me is this:..I have acknowledged I have a problem with alcohol. I have alcoholic tendencies and I've wondered/ worried about it for a while now. I drink to get drunk more often than not. One or two just made me tired and I always wanted more. .I realize it was only a matter of time before i did something REALLY stupid or harmful when drunk. I also feel a drinking problem is progressive and I don't need to see the other side of the hole before I stop digging..For all of these reasons I decided to break up with booze. And now I'm realizing it's less about depriving myself and more about loving myself. I feel better every day..Perhaps if you stop thinking about what you have to lose and give yourself a chance to experience what you have to gain from quitting your perspective will change too. Just give it a chance and some time..Good luck! I'm not drinking with you tonight :)
