-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nvre9/on_fathers_and_drinking/

Good morning SD. My mind has raced over the past 48 hours about all of life's possibilities now that I've made the choice to sober up. But there's one I keep coming back to...My father's father was a deadbeat. He chose the bottle over being a parent and husband. My dad shared an anecdote once about the last time he ever saw his father. It was the Seventies and he was in high school. The principal's office paged him over the intercom to meet his dad in the parking lot...My dad was already on guard since the man had been deadbeat for more than a decade by this point. He didn't even know who to look for...Fortunately it wasn't difficult to find him. My grandfather was sitting in his car windows rolled down sipping on a brown plastic flask. My dad was pretty sure it was rubbing alcohol. They exchanged a couple sentences and that was that...Now two things to know about my dad:..1) He has struggled with drinking himself. Charged with two DWIs. Paid a steep price. Completed rehab in Florida. Went back to drinking...2) Despite that he was incredibly driven to be a great father because of his own life experience. He was an active presence in my life growing up and as an adult we share in lots of mutual hobbies as friends and peers. One of those however is drinking...I decided on January 1 that I will break the cycle. I was sitting with my son who's not quite a year old. We were playing with his Tonka truck and I was fighting through the normal New Year's hangover...It doesn't have to be that way. Not for me not for my son. Not even for my dad...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I am glad for the sake of your child that you are doing this. This is my husbands new motivation as well. Our son is just over a year old now and he deserves a sober father just as well. IWNDWYT
Good for you!..The Best Dad is Sober Dad!
I'm glad you're here :)
I'm back at day one after slipping during the new year festivities.  I will tell you I enjoy my two kids so much more when I'm sober at night with them after a long day unwinding with them instead of booze and not exhausted/groggy every morning...I will not drink with you today
welcome! you're doing a great thing. proud of you!! IWNDWYT!
My grandfather was an alcoholic my dad was an alcoholic and then I found myself being an alcoholic (and father) I decided about 9 months ago that the chain had to be broken at some point I checked myself in rehab and sobered up I have relapsed a few times since but I have been steadily going in the right direction each time I do better and better and now I have a feeling of content with my life. I know when I look at my son that I don't want to die early I don't want my son to know the pain I have. It is getting easier something about an 11-12 year old child looking at you drinking will sober you up (or at least it did me).
First kid on the way in 5 months. It's been one of the major kicks up the arse I've needed to begin (Okay so only two and a bit days now)..Can never remember my Dad (died of a brain tumor last year) being anything other than brilliant.. but one of my earliest memories is him having a drink when he came home from work....guess I just took that habit and (cough) amplified it *a bit*....I will not drink with you today.
Same. Grandfather drank himself to death father has steadily been doing the same our whole life. Growing up we were very close and I looked up to him very very much lest when the drinking in the way. As time went on and we got older the drinking was getting in the way of anything I still liked about him and he continued to grow duller...It's to the point now in my thirties where the man doesn't resemble anything close to the person I remember- just a languid man with nothing in his brain other than the 12 hour shift and the bottle. It's really fuckin sad how he's transformed- the man was clever he was an intellectual he did weird dad things like rollerbladed and signed up for the Mummer's Parade here in Philadelphia. These days I can't tell you anything the man does with his brain or his body. It's complete entropy the lifestyle of alcohol has completely blocked out every single detail of what made him remarkable...Following suit I was getting way too comfortable with drinking over the last ten years- steadily getting drunk practically every single day just because I didn't know what else to do with myself and got off on feelin' sorry for myself. I floated around this sub for about a year flirting with the idea of breaking the familial cycle and becoming a much better version of myself. About 30 days ago I got drunk-er than usual and kind of ruined a DJ performance I was commissioned for. Next morning I decided to stop + see what would happen. Since then other than being considerably more anti-social than I already am absolutely everything in my life is better and I'm just happier in every regard. ..Having close family with these kinds of habits is awful and it's really easy to forget how it's made you feel over the years because I think most of us are good at blocking things out and adjusting ourselves to these undesirable things usually with losing touch with these people in our life. I don't really have a lot of hope for my old man anymore and it's fuckin sad but I know how much more of a motivation it was for me just thinking about what it's turned him into and how I have got to be a better version of myself or else I'm just folding and continuing a grey grey cycle that the world doesn't need...Keep going man- life is so awesome without the hooch. I wish I would have started years ago.
I decided when my daughter was born to quit drinking yet again.  1 year later I was back drinking and wishing she would fall asleep quickly when I laid down with her so I could resume drinking.  I remember placing her in her little rocker in front of the tv as I fell asleep on the couch after staying up all night.  I chose to stop because I wanted to be the  best version of myself so that I could be the best father.  The commitment is forever to be a parent - it doesn't stop.  Alcohol and poor health robbed me of a father who isn't confined to his little world - which left me to learn how to be a man and parent.  It fuels me to break the cycle - the resentments are real and the pain is real - I choose to lead a better cleaner more fulfilling life because I want my daughter to see what's possible.  I won't take a drink with you today.   Thanks for sharing.
Launch yourself off that merry go round my friend. You are not your parents or your past.
Just think if you are able to make the break your son will grow up in a completely different context than you did. You will have to TELL him about the family history because he won't see it at least not in you. What a great goal to have. 
Given his own problems maybe he'd like to join you on your sober journey. Maybe that could be your thing?..I drink with my dad too. He actually exhibited some of the traits that I do. Fine 90% of the time but once in awhile will drink too much and get sloppy. I know he'd pass out when he was first a dad but wasn't that way at all when I was growing up. In fact he didn't drink at all when I was growing up until everyone left for college. ..I will miss not drinking with him but he's also an avid runner and lifter so maybe that'll be our new thing.
My father was a heavy drinker too. Sadly I picked up a lot of those terrible habits. On 1 January however I decided to do something to try and break the cycle...I have two lovely kids (20 18) and a loving wife and I'm determined to change for them. I want to be the best I can for them and for me too...Thanks for sharing your story it resonated with me. I will not drink with you today. Good luck!
