-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nwtl8/i_will_not_drink_with_you_today/

Quitting drinking is the hardest thing I've ever had to do besides admitting that I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol......Relapsing is the worst possible feeling. At most I can go a week without a drink and then one day I think to myself that I should celebrate and that a couple of drinks won't be terrible. But it always is. Last night I lied to my bf's face and said that I didn't drink and I lied to my moms face too. It was obvious that I did and I acted out in denial and anger and guilt. .....I don't want to put my boyfriend who unfortunately I have already hurt multiple times  through this. I don't want my family to think of me as a drunk and I don't want my friends to hate me for my stupid drunk actions......I drink to forget the pain that I've caused people and I drink so I can try to be happy for awhile. But it never ends up well. Instead it only ends up with me feeling worthless and anxious and with everybody disappointment in me including myself.  I feel like I can't look anybody in the eye anymore without feeling regret.....Today is a new day and I sincerely hope that yesterday was my last day of drinking for good. I'm tired of feeling this way and I'm tired of giving up and giving in. .....Alcohol is a monster and it's trying to take over me but I won't let it.....Instead I'm going to do whatever I can to be a better friend a better daughter a better girlfriend and a better person......My biggest fear is losing my boyfriend of 3+ years and thanks to alcohol I came close. Drinking has caused me to do things that I would have never done if I were sober and admittedly I cheated on him when I was super wasted. It's something that's going to haunt me forever and something that I wish never had happened......I want to go back and start over but it's too late. The only thing I can do is prove myself and try to be a better person. I just hope I can do that......I will not drink with you all today
----------immediate responses--------

Forgive yourself and try to do better. Jump into your recovery with both feet and do it for you and for you alone.
I remember feeling exactly as you do - I was just so sick and tired of being sick and tired. The shame humiliation regret was in my face and I knew I couldn't do it alone so I went to an AA meeting and continue to go. I also come to this site regularly and it has helped me on my journey. Be kind to yourself - you deserve kindness. You are ready to fight the good fight and you should save all your energy for what lies ahead. It's tough but doable and it does get easier. I'm glad your here and I will not drink with you today.
Go easy on yourself. I have been exactly where you are and feel your pain. I too want to be a better [insert as appropriate - usually mother/sister/daughter etc]. I have learnt this is too big and simply overwhelms me; pushing me towards alcohol in an effort to cope.  Start slowly and small....being a better person is enough and the rest will flow naturally. IWNDWYT. You have got this.
We're here for you and with you...I tried controlling my drinking and quitting drinking on my own for about a year. Not only did I relapse. My disease progressed/worsened till I started experiencing real consequences. ..Attending AA (my first time) has been the only thing that's helped and gave me hope. Learning about alcoholism and from alcoholics had been life changing. Making friends who are also working on their sobriety has made it even more doable. ..I'm only 31 days in but it's been life changing. ..Doing it on my own I had no accountability no control over my cravings (my inner alcoholic voice saying a drink is okaley dokaley) and no understanding of my triggers/behaviors that led to the drinking in the first place. ..
Holy cow I could have written this post myself. I completely know how you feel seriously. The only thing we can do to mend and keep these relationships is to not drink. I'll do it with ya. 
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
