-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nx4ik/almost_to_one_week_again_today_is_hard/

I've known I had an alcohol problem since I was a teen. I'm only 23 now  and now that over the past 5 months I've tried to get sober it's become harder to. Every relapse is worse. I was even in the hospital early December. Perhaps it's just because the holidays are probably a hard time to sober up but I never thought it would be WORSE. I'll take being sober over the consequences that come with drinking any day but no one trusts me anymore. I can't be too happy. I can't be sad. I can't be any emotion or my family will think I've been drinking. I can't leave without them thinking I'm going to buy liquor. The other day I went to lunch with a friend and found out my dad followed me there just to make sure I went. My boyfriend is going to start alcohol testing me randomly as well. I feel like a prisoner. Like I'm being punished for having this problem. In a way I understand but the lack of compassion only makes me want to drink more. ..Despite today being hard I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there! ..I know it is hard and people judging you for past mistakes makes it even harder but if you are really committed they'll see you are serious and eventually they Will stop holding all that against you! ..If you ever feel down or need a drink just come here instead and with the support you get here you can go on and not drink. (Works for me anyway :) ) ..IWNDWYT 
I noticed that things were pretty bad when I stopped drinking.  Of course they were bad when I was drinking but I never noticed because I was drinking...I wanted badly for my wife to believe that I was done drinking because I did.  But ultimately I could only show her by not drinking.
It took over a year for my sister to be willing to talk to me about some pretty basic stuff and she had legit zero compassion when I initially stopped which felt very unfair.  After she saw I was serious and we started talking... hearing about some of the things I did and said while I was fucked up I have to say that I didn't deserve any compassion from her.  I hurt her.  Expecting her to deal with all that and then immediately trust me 100% was unreasonable...Quitting is so hard at first.  I tried everything and as a result I can't say what works and what doesn't.  For me meds (naltrexone) plus therapy (individual and group) plus AA (coffee and smokes) plus pee tests (with real consequences for failures) added up to figuring out my own program.  It's weird but it works for me.  Best of luck I won't drink with you today. .
Just a thought but it sounds like your family and maybe your boyfriend have some co-dependency behaviors going on. This is normal with families dealing with substance abuse so no judgment but I think the best thing you can do is to not do the same thing in reverse. That is to say we all need to pursue sobriety for ourselves first and not to control or manipulate or placate other people. ..I hope that you can choose your new path even if your family stays on theirs for a while. It's probably not your suggestion to make but Al-Anon would be a great thing for them to try. I totally understand how others' supervision has the opposite effect and that's one of the reasons that Al-Anon would be helpful. ..BTW what does it mean that you boyfriend is going to start randomly testing you for alcohol? That sounds like a really bad idea.
I'm the same age as you and have been going through similar.  I've tried moderating before quitting drinking at home etc ... when I told my mom how serious I was this time she replied  well I HOPE so.   in a less-than-hopeful tone. She questions me constantly looks around my room .....I've taken to just ignoring her. I know it's annoying sometimes infuriating. But I figure if I continue doing the right thing for myself and staying sober eventually she'll see that and let up. Your situation seems a little bit more intense. I guess if I was you I'd go with it for a while maybe it will help to know you're being held accountable ? But if it gets to be too much you'll definitely need to set some boundaries. ..Sorry to hear you're going through it.  ..
