-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nzf75/im_making_a_list/

I've been here before made it about a year and a half and have relapsed for about two years on and off now. I've gained twenty pounds done some bad things lost some friends and been in a few stupid fights with my spouse that I can't even remember the point of.  I had a rude awakening of just how serious of a problem I have a few weeks ago I said aloud to my therapist just how much I'm actually drinking.  It's ridiculous.  It's going to destroy me. Moderation does not exist for me.    So I'm making a list of reasons I should not take that first drink and every time I'm struggling I'm going to add to it.  It's been four days since my last drink.  Here's my list so far:..You will lose weight..You will save money..You won't get in stupid drunk fights with (spouse)..Your frequency of doing dumb shit will go down significantly..You will not be able to use alcohol as a reason to not do stuff which will help you achieve other goals..You will be proud of yourself for not giving up..Your immune system will thank you..Your liver will not be damaged any more by alcohol..Your brain will not be damaged by alcohol any more..You will not hurt your baby if you get pregnant or after it is born..You won't be lying to your family when you tell them you aren't drinking..Your skin will look better..You can give yourself a chance to learn to enjoy yourself without being numb or high..You can develop other coping strategies..You will not have conversations you don't remember ..You have not been successful at moderation..You will not spend more time going through the same cycle..Thanks for listening and thanks to everyone who posts here. Y'all inspire me and I will not drink with you today...
----------immediate responses--------

Your list hits home with me. My wallet and my waistline have been the biggest victims of my drinking. Thankfully I realized I had a problem when I started my new career. Welcome to sobriety. I will not drink with you today.
I wrote a list very similar to yours 
That is an awesome list! A lot of those are things that passed through my head when I made the decision to quit day before yesterday. I will not drink with you today..
best and easy thing to do - 2018 Resolution Money Gain Challenge - https://www.intellioffers.com/2018-money-gain-challenge/
I can drive anywhere I want anytime I want. no more leaving my car in random parking lots overnight or having to waste a bunch of time waiting around to sober up enough that I can drive home 
You will not have 10-15 emergency poops a day.
