-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o0n64/making_sense_of_the_permanence_of_alcohol_abuse/

I'm just over 40 days with no alcohol which has been challenging in ways that I would never have guessed it would be. The challenge has not so much been the abstaining from alcohol but rather dealing with reality and truly feeling emotions without a crutch or that excitement of drinking (from the moment you know you're going to all the way until you've started). ..I think my biggest internal conflict right now is how to understand or accept that this is a  forever' issue.  There's no question I've abused alcohol for the last ~12 years and I'll be the first to admit that the abuse was worsening in terms of frequency and volume.  But I'm having trouble understanding where the line is drawn between  yeah I really lost control there for awhile and coped with reality poorly by partying or going on short benders' vs.  I'm an alcoholic and I can never consume alcohol again'. I do understand that I'd always be healthier more clear-headed and happier in the long run avoiding it as much as possible but this thought really has my mind spinning.  ..I realize this may sound like I am bargaining with myself but I am moreso just genuinely mind-boggled by this thought with the events I've gone through in the past 40-50 days. I don't think it's necessarily as simple as  well if you're wondering if you have a problem with it you do' and anything related to medical research when it comes to drugs and alcohol that I've found seem to point to anything except for nearly absolute sobriety is a problem...Any thoughts / comments you have on this would be appreciated. ..A little background for context:..I was a heavy binge drinker for the last 10 years or so. Started in college with weekend binges partying etc. and turned into more and more consumption over the years. Rock bottom was about 45 days ago   5 day bender of extreme alcohol abuse put me in the hospital. That bender scared the hell out of me and following it I went through a 4-week intensive outpatient substance abuse program through a psychiatric hospital. And now I'm here   I'm not struggling to stay sober but I do deal with pretty bad depression and anxiety and I'm struggling to deal with sobriety in a healthy calm and happy outlook / mindset...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I am also a binge drinker! I also went on a 5-6 day bender that landed me in the hospital. In terms of the "forever" thing. I would ask what is forever really? We don't know when we are going to die but we can mitigate the chances of death to the way of our abilities. For me I had a choice. I could give this life thing a chance and work towards sacrificing my present for my future. Or I could continue to drink and sacrifice the future for the present which is clearly speeding up my death. .The way I acted is what I believed even if I didn't want to admit it to myself. The binge drinking for me was essentially mini-suicides because I wasn't willing to face life and take on the problems that it presented me. Honestly I had no reason to back then because rationally I could justify life as being essentially meaningless and the more I drank the more meaningless it became. In reality I found out the things I was doing were meaningless. The selfish black outs the mindless playing of video games and etc I could go on and on. .In reality I don't have to stop drinking forever but if I do pick up. I know now I have given up on life because anything that has brought me to the hospital and to the point of death is not a substance that has any investment in making my life better meaningful or worthwhile. If I pick up that bottle I would be welcoming in the hell but maybe sometimes that's what I want and that's okay. I am learning to kill the part of myself off that wants to kill me though. You can do this :) 
I feel you. The one thing I sort of regret a bit is that because I blew it with alcohol I can now never have a normal relationship with it again. I actually wasn't even "that bad" relative to some of the stuff I see here on this sub but it just wasn't healthy. Now I can't have a beer or glass of wine on a special occasion. It's just not worth it but it was me who lost the right for that privilege. I don't dwell on the "forever" so much as I switch my mindset into just soaking up how much better life is not worrying about making a mistake or ruining something due to booze. It simply can't happen anymore since I don't drink!
[removed]
I struggled with this too initially. It took me months to realize/accept that this was a long standing pattern of behaviour and way of being that could not be explained away as a mistake caused by a bad few months..I was also in the hospital. I was adamant that I just got out of control for a while but if everyone would just calm down and leave me alone I'd be fine. I didn't have a problem...But several years later sober I am so grateful that I stopped and did the steps. .When I met other alcoholics I finally had answers for why I always felt emotions more than everyone else why I always felt so different from everyone else why I felt like booze made me who I was supposed to be (more fun social relaxed). Normal people don't feel that way...And today I wouldn't even drink if I could. There are no words for how amazing the freedom of living without substances feels...And dude. .You're right. Some people who wonder if they have a problem with alcohol do NOT actually have a serious problem with alcohol. ..... But normies don't end up in the hospital after a 5 day bender and accidentally end up in intensive outpatient treatment. I've yet to meet anyone who successfully drinks after an experience like that...Of course only you can really decide what's right for you but sobriety has given me a life I didn't even know was possible. I just want everyone to have a shot at that..
The idea that I'm an alcoholic has been rolling around my head for years and years. Part of that condition is the lies we tell ourselves that maybe there's a way to manage somehow and still drink the way we want to drink without consequences. It just doesn't work that way...I was a heavy (a pint of bourbon with dinner was my daily baseline drinking. more on weekends) daily drinker at the end. It took a round of pancreatitis and medical detox to sober up...I've tried going back before. It doesn't work and within a week I'd always be back to daily drinking. I don't know how it gets that bad and certainly never planned for it to get that bad but it always does. I can't change that but by not drinking I can avoid that pattern of events entirely. .
I think the line is a made-up thing. There is no line. It's just an incredibly subtle and complex spectrum with no hard-and-fast definitions and it's really annoying when things are like that but they very often are like that. Our need to define things is not matched by anything in reality really. Reality doesn't care that we want categories so badly...I consider the useful category to be: "Have I changed my brain's wiring so that I want relief from emotions through numbness?" If so that's bad news and it is of utmost important that I rewire and heal that. It's not a deprivation anymore; it's a good greed for more life.  
[deleted]
