-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o5kwy/still_struggling/

I have posted here once before.  I was too scared to read the responses so I'm posting again...I am struggling to maintain 16 hours worth of sobriety.  I left a 21-day treatment over a year ago and I have done none of the recommended aftercare.  A big part of my problem is my codependence with my parents which stems from my mom's untreated alcoholism.  It didn't really manifest until my brother left for college and then I was stuck in a house with my in-denial mom and severely codependent and angry dad for four turbulent years...I spent the next ten years of my life progressing into my own alcoholism.  I medicated my social anxiety which at times bordered on agoraphobia with booze because it was readily available and legal.  And also I could blame my behaviour on my  mom...I know that my alcoholism is my own responsibility and the only thing I can control is my own behaviour and my own choices.  I've tried to do this alone though and I'm really struggling.  I had the hubris to think that I was smarter or more capable than people who've made the same mistake.  I'd like to be involved in AA but I am scared...I want to go back to treatment for 60 days or more - like the first time the thought of going away to a controlled environment fills me with relief.  I can't afford it on my own.  My parents can afford to send me.  I don't want to hurt them more than I already have by rehashing the truth: I haven't stopped and I need more help.  It is difficult for them to accept that my problem is actually real - I don't know how to break their hearts again...It's gotten to a point where I kind of wish one or the other of us will not wake up tomorrow so we won't have to face this again.  It's stupid and selfish but I'm tired of living an addict's lifestyle - and forcing others to watch me live it.  I want to give up.
----------immediate responses--------

Knowing you have to face the problem is the first big step. I was extremely anxious about going to my first AA meeting (I self-medicated with alcohol for my social anxiety). As soon as I got there I was totally blown away by how friendly and comforting everyone was. It is nice to be surrounded by people that knew exactly what I was going through. I was too shy to speak so I just passed my turn. It felt great afterwards. You should really push yourself and try it out. You will be surprised. The worst part of anxiety is what goes on between your ears. 
We are glad you are here. ..I did a 28-day treatment almost 30 years ago. It was helpful. I stayed sober for a few years. I have been drinking for the last five years and when I decided to stop I thought about treatment again. My wife however told me more than once that she thought treatment was just running away a vacation and after some initial self-righteous anger I realized that she was right. Or more clearly she was right as far as I am concerned. It might be the right path for someone else but I have the tools already...I totally get that 60 days fills you with relief. Those 60 days will fly by though and even if you find the money you will pay it back forever. ..I was scared of going to meetings too. I did not need to be.  Fully 98% of the people there just want to stay sober and to help others do the same. They helped me and I miss them (I'm not back in AA--yet.) I bet the AAs in your area will do the same for you...Good luck. IWNDWYT.
Put on your uniform fix your bayonet and hit the parade..Do the work
This is a wild thought. Get to a safe place with no booze around and consider making your computer your life line to those who REALLY do care about your struggle and write and write and write and read and read posts on this forum. We have your back Still Struggling!
.It's hard. I relapsed bad over Christmas (need a badge reset) and although I had one night of glory involving several call girls and lots of powder the rest of the time was spent feeling miserable and alone. ..It sucks. I gotta admit I love the taste of beer and the smooth toke of weed and the hit of a good line. But it exacts a serious toll on you and your loved ones and what goes up tends to crash pretty fuckin horribly on the way down.
Still with us??
Welcome back!.What if you try not drinking just for today?.It's very hard but if you take it one day at a time and put in the hard work you can do it   
Well in the interim AA is free and available while you work out the other options...How about doing that for immediate support?
