-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o6lbd/4_days_into_dry_jan_and_the_weekend_looms/

This is mainly a note to myslelf but please feel free to comment...I'm well aware that my subconscious (SC to save typing) is trying to talk me into caving in and having a few drinks this weekend my Conscious Logical Mind  (LM) knows I shouldn't...Background on me I'm a the wrong side of 50 (damn time goes fast) and a regular drinker but not a hugely heavy one 4-5 beers 5-6 nights a week is my norm maybe 25% more on the weekend. I never get blackout drunk and it has moderate effects on my life I'm overweight and lacking energy but have a good job money a great loving wife nice house etc etc...The negatives I'm blaming drink for are my weight (about 30lbs over) and my mental state which is increasingly anxious and lazy...So to Dry January. I did it last year and it wasn't especially hard although apart from sleeping better I didn't notice any huge changes. I did feel proud of the longest period off alcohol for more than 30 years (2nd longest would have been about 4 days which I've now equalled). ..So its Friday morning and the weekend is ahead normally this would involve cracking a beer at 4PM followed by a few more nice meal out with wine Saturday and a couple of beers Sunday. ..My SC is telling me I'll be deprived without a drink over the weekend that I know I could do it so why bother that I'm feeling pretty good so a drink would make it even better etc etc...My LM knows I'll be fine without that the days will be more pleasant and the nights will be OK...I'm pretty sure my LM will win but it is a small struggle...Feb involves a very special holiday (Safari in Africa) with business class flights and all drinks included so it won't be dry but beyond that my hope is to stop entirely and this month is another proof to myself that I can do it and that I'll be happier if I do...But the weekend looms....
----------immediate responses--------

Well after six weeks now and the days and weeks in between resets I can say that the weekends have gotten better and better.  I totally understand people who do these breaks from drinking and it works for them but for me it just doesn't work.  I go back to letting myself down and the anxiety is only amplified more over time.  Otherwise my best bet would be to make plans for this weekend that would get in the way of drinking.  And then the other weekends this months would likely be easier.  
I'm in your boat sir. I am just about to pass 3 days with tomorrow being 4. Will be the longest period of abstinence in the last 20 or so years. Similar description of my habit as you gave. Friday on the way and I am wanting to have a few beers over the weekend. My LM is saying you should go through the weekend and next week before having a couple but my SC is working overtime in the background prepping me for the weekend and beer..Thanks for sharing ! I can say that I happily not drink with you today !
Saturday night done a different Saturday night for sure. Now hoping for a good nights sleep!
