-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o7r2q/boy_i_fd_up/

I drunkingly followed an ex-gf on instagram.  Wife was not pleased.  Really could be the straw that breaks the camels back.  I didn't even remember doing it until my wife just stopped talking to me last night.  Things are not good.  ..I've been really struggling lately.   Going sober for a day then back to it.  Going to work out then grabbing a beer instead of water afterwards.  Binge drinking when the wife is gone or asleep.  Im not a piece of shit when I'm sober but absolutely can be when I am drinking.  ..She doesn't think I'm an alcoholic just a terrible person.  I spent much of today at work hungover Looking at pics of my two kids and trying to plead that getting sober is a step in the right direction.  She's having none of it which I understand.  I hurt her deeply.  Worse I can't bear the thought of my sweet kids  if this leads to divorce.  I don't think it will but I have to get my shit together to win her back.  Alcohol is controlling me.   My old sponsor said the binges get worse the more you relapse boy was he right. ..I never thought I'd be doing the things I am doing.  Just got to weather the storm til we are on speaking level but I won't waste a minute.  Got to start with today and don't look back.   Damage is done.  Nothing I can say will fix it.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to what your sponsor said that the binges get worse the more you relapse. I can't believe what I've done in the past two months since I was on/off/on/off.  Anyway I think you are right nothing you can say will fix it.  But what you do could.  So do the next right thing. Show don't tell.  I need to take the same counsel.  
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Glad you're quitting but is following someone on Instagram really grounds for divorce now?  Good grief. 
can you try to forgive yourself? You are human after all. Can you get to AA? My life used to be alot like yours and I get it. I still battle with my partner over things like this. I still look at my exes pics on instagram even tbough i shouldn't. Why? Because i tend to fantasize about the things i dont have. I have to work to be present. But also on the other hand because an ex is someone I shared a portion of my life with. I have respect and love for you for having the bravery for sharing this. It is honest.!Just remember you cannot control what your partner thinks and does.  You can only control you. Take care  
Ah booze. Such a shit storm. Fucked up really. We know it's the one thing that well and truly screws our  life over and the one thing we're not prepared to do anything about... or are we?..I think you were what I'd like to call "the tipping point ". It may be time to quit to save your relationship; it may be too late. But it's never too late to quit and build a new relationship  In a relationship with yourself. ..If your girlfriend does not realize you are an alcoholic only an asshole. I think you both need to sit down and talk about what's really going on. Come up with a plan to quit and stay quit. But I think you know all this...It is time my friend
I don't think what you did is that bad?! You didn't meet up with your ex. Don't be too hard on yourself!
I did stupid stuff like text my high school gf when I was drunk. My wife was pissed but we got passed it as I expect you two will as well. ..My wife didnt think I was an alcoholic either but I was never totally honest with her about how much I was drinking or how miserable I was. ..Getting and staying sober is the best apology. If your wife is anything like mine you can say all you want to say but until she is ready- its not going to do a damn thing. So weather the storm get sober. Show her how serious you are. 
