-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7og056/just_grateful_to_be_here/

Hey...This is day 4 for me from both alcohol and marijuana. Ive always been able to abstain from one or the other and feel good about my "sobriety" but thats been a lie. One always leads right back to the other until I'm just dependent on both craving both. ..I'm almost 25 and I am not where I expected to be in life. I am not an founder and CEO of my own production company (lol). I moved back in with my parents six months ago after losing a pregnancy and suicide attempt. Luckily I have completed my DUI sentence requirements and I could start driving again if I wanted. ..I'm struggling to keep my spirits up and keep my head out of my own ass. Its not much of a pity party if there isn't any booze after all. It's very hard not to feel like a massive fuck up and maybe I am but at least today I'm a sober fuck up. ..I'm really embracing this as my rock bottom. The only way out is to abstain from the two things that have been the root cause of most if not all of the obstacles I've collected for myself. I'm in therapy and recently came clean to my parents about my childhood abuse that I've been holding inside me for most of my life. I feel gross and huge like a house that anyone can just come in a look around in. But I refuse to let that be an excuse for myself any longer. ..I WILL get better. I WILL stay sober. I WILL NOT give up. ..I wish anyone reading this peace and love. It's good to be here with all of you. ..I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that is so much for one person to handle. And it sounds like you are getting the support you need after carrying the burden solo for so long. Sending strength and good vibes your way. 
Wishing you peace and strength but most of all success on your sober journey.  
As one sober fuckup to another I'm glad you're here too!..Dealing with all this sober is hard.... dealing with it drunk is impossible though at least in my experience... ..One day at a time one tiny step after the other that's all we can do - I won't drink with you today!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Find great AA meetings or another 12 step program get a sponsor. You're not alone!
Right on! I've got to do the same very soon. Maybe we can help each other. 
