-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oo5as/just_passed_nine_years_sober/

Been a struggle but I made it!
----------immediate responses--------

Time to celebrate with a sixer you earned I t.
That's amazing and congratulations!
How'd you do it?
That's impressive! Congrats
How has it changed your life? 
Congratulations!!
Wowza!
Way to go!
Congratulations! An inspiration for me at just over a year!
AA for the first year ... once I had that first year life improved enough to not want to go back. Found a buddy that was going through the same thing and we were able to motivate each other. Then it was just about being open and honest about it to everyone. Once everyone knows you are in recovery its much harder to slip.
Congratulations 
congrats that's amazing!
    
Holy Smokes! HUGE CONGRATS! :) 
Good job! That's fucking AWESOME! 
That's awesome. Can I please ask you a question in those 9 years; do you recall when your full mental capacity came back ?  At what point did you experience your mind working on all cylinders again ?  
Congrats!!!!
If alcohol was in your every waking thought and dream and you're nine years sober I now believe that there is hope for me. Only six days sober and feeling really low today. Headache and zero energy and I really need a drink. But hey I will still not drink with you today.
Thank you for showing me what success looks like!
Congrats. I'm a little more than a year behind you. 
Awesome! Thanks for the insight in the comments too!  
Holy cow poo Batman..that's fantastic! 
That's incredible! Truly an inspiration! 
WOW!!!! I bow my head in respect! That is just AMAZING!!!
Outstanding post and question and answer helps me tremendously. So much hope. This made my day. Whoo hoo. We can do this. Sweet!.I will not be drinking with you today.  
Amazing.  Thank you for posting!
Well done. Congratulations!
That's great!
This is exciting!!  People crave hope and you have given them some thank you!  Congratulations and here's wishing you a wonderful day I won't drink with you today!
Applause 
Incredible.  Thanks for the testimony and encouragement!
Thank you for posting. Agree with others that you answering the questions has been most helpful! Gives us all hope!   
Wow that's inspirational! Congrats!
OP you have an ability in helping others with your words.  Congrats on the milestone!
9 years sober calls for a party! ..BUT DONT BRING ALCOHOL TO THE PARTY :)..I'm not drinking today. NO FUCKING WAY. NEVER AGAIN. 
That's awesome! I will not drink with you today.
Wow!
Awesome!  I embrace the struggle...I think it makes me stronger.   
That's awesome sir. Congratulations! What was it that caused you to make the decision to get clean? Do you remember your last drink?
9 years is good shit have you been giving back to new people in sobriety? That is the best part of recovery IMO.
Wow this is great! Do you ever smoke weed or do any other substances or have you been completely sober? I've been completely sober for the last 70 days but sometimes I wonder if I could smoke weed occasionally or do coke once a year. I keep reminding myself that if I do that I'll most likely just replace the alcohol with another drug because that's what I've always done...but the idea of being completely sober for the rest of my life (I'm only 23!!) kinda scares the shit out of me. Can you share any of your experience in regards to this? Thanks and IWNDWYT. Congrats on your beautiful 9 years.  
