-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oubru/thought_i_could_handle_some_new_years_drinking/

Hey all happy New Year!  I just wanted to leave this story here for your pleasure. Last year I went through intensive Outpatient Therapy and made it over 100 days without drinking. I had a relapse at the neighbors Halloween party and then gave it up. Christmas went well seeing family and then began my isolation in my condo. New Years was coming and although I was invited to a couple parties I knew I couldn't fake a night of Happiness sober so I decided to stay home. While I'm home I decided to get some vodka got hammered and passed out with little consequence. The next day feeling hungover I headed out on my bike to meet friends for lunch. But beforehand I knocked back a handful of shots and headed out on the road. I was riding on a biking / pedestrian path and not paying attention I almost ran into a family. I went off the path Inn off of curb smashing my bike and body even worse. Despite my pleading and them realizing I reek of booze they called an ambulance. The cops showed and I'm surprised I didn't get a biking under the influence especially as my DUI case resolves in a week. I try to get out of the ambulance ride to the hospital and just go home but they wouldn't let me. Made it to the ER and convince the doctor so let me go as long as someone would watch me for 6 hours. So that's a start of my year drinking racking up what I'm sure to be is a $10000 ambulance and ER visit just because I couldn't keep from putting that nasty substance in my body. My bike is still in the repair shop and I'm looking forward to my insurance health bill. So with all of you I start again and promise to not booze again. My motto "fuck booze."
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough lesson. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Alcohol is so insidious once the one drink is in me it is going to whine for more until there's none left. .And the voice will start early too! Going to lunch? Let's get a head start so I don't gulp down the first beer in 2 minutes! I've been there. ..I'm glad you're here and IWNDWYT...PS - I dig your handle. Skate OR Die? Who says we can't have both?
Ah man.  I really feel for you. I smashed my head off the ground years back when steamed had huge marks under my eyes where blood settled and dried.  Went to work felt fine but was concerned about it.  Went to hospital was pretty embarrassed got a scan was fine and went home.  Had to pay  60 I think...I assume you are in the US?  What an evil health system.  I hope you can take some positives and learn from it.  It could be the best thing that ever happened you. You seem in OK spirits now a couple of days have passed.  Best of luck.
Thanks for sharing how it really is when we drink again...I'm glad you're alive and not drinking today!
Alcohol is a thief. I hope it works out for you.
Just as a follow-up ambulance ride that day cost $2300 for a 7 mile trip!!
