-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ouwvl/new_here/

Hi! I'm new here. New to Reddit.  Sorry if this post is supposed to go somewhere specific - I don't know the ropes yet. I've been lurking for awhile and read a post the other day that helped my come to terms with the fact that I'm addicted to alcohol (I can't find it now dangit). ..Today is day three for me and great things are already happening. Lots of tears but that's ok. I "came out" on facebook and found out so so many of my friends have struggled with alcohol and addiction too. What a shame that we don't talk more openly about this issue that affects so many. ..So thank you all for being the exceptions and for giving me courage. ..I'm reading "This Naked Mind" and finding it so freeing. If anyone has any other reading suggestions they would be much appreciated. ..So hello. I'm Amanda. Thank you for all you have done for me already. I'm ready to come out of the shadows and not drink with all of you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Great you are here I'm on Day 1 after relapsing again but determined to get better. Your facebook post is inspiring I am about to email my family to tell them what has been going on. ..Where did you get the Naked Mind book?
Welcome! So glad to meet you!  I also found This Naked Mind helpful. Similarly I read Alcohol Explained and got a lot out of it. It takes a similar science/logic approach to alcohol. ..We hope to see you here often! It's a supportive community and has been so helpful for me. I will not drink with you today!
Hey Amanda Welcome!  I'm happy you're here!  We can be a lively bunch and times and there's a lot of support to be had.      .Blessings       .~Shine
You got this!!!  Congrats on all the progress you've already made by just posting! IWNDWYT!
Wow you are far braver than I to post on FB I don't even want to ever tell my parents. I am so glad to hear that brings you comfort and more support than you expected sometimes we don't give people enough credit! Nice to meet you Amanda.
Welcome!!  Happily not drinking with you tonight!!   
Great post. Thank you for sharing. I haven't come out yet.
Thanks!
