-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oxabg/i_may_need_help/

(I also posted this somewhere else for advice).Hello I'm 23 and I believe I may have a drinking as well as a substance problem. Both my mother and stepfather are alcholics a land my father was addicted to Xanax in his 30's. Since 17 I have struggled with Xanax Marijuana opiates and alcohol. I work in the restaurant industry so its easier for me to get caught back up in everything but as of late I have found myself being insanely bored without some sort of substance. Even though I love to read and have many other hobbies I have no interest in them without having something in me after work. I can't sleep a single minute sober and I'm very scared because of my family history. I'm struggling to save money while paying bills because of these issues. Recently I consumed 25 beers in a drinking sessions with friends over a period of 10 hours and I felt very uncomfortable with this. I know I have a problem and I feel I am an intelligent enough person to stop this before I become like my parents. I just have no where to go because everyone my age doesn't have the same issue or simply doesn't understand. I'm sorry if this isn't what you're supposed to do in this sub I just didn't know where to turn. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have a ton of advice to give you but I get the age thing. I'm a 25 year old female who got themselves in the habit of drinking heavily every day. Once I got into the evening I would just drink until it was a blur and fall asleep. I feel alone a lot too even my friends who are problem drinkers aren't at the place where they admit it.
You're off to a good start. In my past I have had problems with alcohol and marijuana...What steps have you taken to get clean? You definitely have a lot on your place and I commend you for seeking help...Marijuana was the easiest for me to quit. I did it cold turkey. It's not really physically addictive so that's good. The other three are a different story though. If it was me I would go ask a doctor for help. I've known a few people with opiate addictions and it isn't as simple as just stopping if you are a heavy user. I imagine the same thing can be said for Xanax and alcohol...If you aren't at the level to where you have to have a certain substance every day I would recommend cutting out the opiates and Xanax first. Those are the most fatal and arguably the most addictive. Again you may want to consult a doctor depending on your usage. After that I would work on the alcohol...You're still young and if you stop now the health effects might not be permanent. I do hope you quit with all my heart. Just surf this sub and look for some which address substance abuse as well. Each substance has different withdrawals and levels of addiction. I hope you get the help you're looking for and stay strong!.
You're in the right spot for this post although this sub is more for alcohol than the other substances but addiction is similar regardless of the drug...For me I was in a similar situation. I enjoyed numbing myself down every night until I was ready to crash for the night. I still miss it but I can say in my two months of quitting drinking every day it gets easier to winddown and fall asleep and activities I use to do drinking become more enjoyable doing sober the longer I have abstained. ..As far as help this sub has been awesome for me to hear others stories or ask for help with issues that many of the posters here have or are going through already. For some IRL support there is AA Smart recovery and Refuge recovery. I haven't used any of those groups but many here have so if you'd like to know more about them fire off a post and someone will probably have some answers for you.
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
