-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oy697/someone_used_my_struggle_for_sobriety_to_hit_on/

I'm honestly pretty private about my sobriety in regards to social media because it isn't something I like to be questioned about. I'm still pretty early in my sobriety and one of my biggest triggers is talking about alcohol to people who still drink heavily. I did mention that this was my first new year sober. ..This morning in the very early hours some guy messaged me to ask me about how I stopped. I didn't really have a good answer because the truth is that I just put down the bottle. I go to AA occasionally but I haven't really found a meeting that I like and that corresponds with my work schedule. To be blunt these meetings are filled with people who show up drunk. And it's hard for me. I told him that I mostly rely on close friends who have been sober for years to act as a sponsor. ..He asked me to be his sponsor. I told him that was unrealistic I'm still extremely new to sobriety and in a delicate state. He kept pushing me telling me that I would definitely be able to help him and that I was really strong and would be a great person to talk to when he felt the urge to drink. I'm really not and I explained that to him. I'm the one that needs help not drinking half the time and I'm just NOT in the position to act as even an informal sponsor to someone...He kind of understood but gave me his number and asked me out anyway. I'm assuming this was the end game all along and I'm really put off by the fact that someone was trying to coerce me into a sponsor/sponsee relationship just to get close to me in that way. I just ignored the dude. But it does feel shitty. 
----------immediate responses--------

You made the right decision. Stay *away*. That person does not belong in your life. 
I have women hit on me all the time in AA. I am in the process of a divorce and do not want to be in a relationship ATM I need to work on myself at this time in my life. .I am honest with them and simply say I am flattered but I am not in a place where I can start a relationship and be a good partner I feel sad I do want companionship but just a friend is what I need at this point in my life.....IWNDWYTD!  
First please keep looking for better meetings.  Coming drunk is very rare in the ones I go to...Second congrats - 237 is huge......And Third you are not ready to be a sponsor especially to someone who wants to date you especially times 1000.  That's a never - no way - no how...Block. and try to forget.  Many of us are socially inept - and often incredibly needy when we get sober.  let it go....
Good on you being so strong and clear. Some people simply behave like cretins and if it wasn't one excuse they'd use another [oh you have a dog? Oh gee I'd love to have a dog but I can't my therapist says I need to hang out with a dog can I hangout with you and your dog? - for example]. Decline delete and block. You deserve good in your life not shitheads..
I am sorry that happened to you.  My gut hurts even thinking about that for you.  Love to you for the day and week ahead. &lt;3 
I think this is what they refer to as "thirteenth stepping". So creepy. I'm a dude and it grosses me out when I see it happening at meetings. I don't go often anymore and that's one of the reasons. 
