-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oy6g2/does_anyone_keep_a_diary/

Spent a lot of yesterday trying to think of tools to stop me sliding back and one that I thought of was a diary something I can go to when I start to waiver or am feeling like sobriety is just too hard something I can read and realise how far I've come this time and what I will be throwing away...If so what sort of things do you record? I have started with the obvious recording what money/calories I have saved each day.  I also think it would help to focus on sleep because that is an area where I struggle sober. Alcohol has me out like a light come 10pm but 2am I was still wide awake :-(..Any suggestions are gratefully received I know that this forum contains some many people with wisdom and advice I have my beautiful new blue diary with a wise old owl on the front awaiting my scribbles!
----------immediate responses--------

I try to journal every night... guys don't have diaries... lol.I find putting my thoughts and feelings successes and failures in writing helpful. I think about things differently when I put them down on paper...IWNDWYT!.
I have kept a journal for a long time. At least the last 15 years or so. The amount of entries has always fluctuated but as I honestly work through my alcoholism I found that the entries have been more consistent and most importantly more honest...I dont have any sort of prerequisites. I often just do stream of consciousness writing. Some entries are crappy and distracted but sometimes it leads me down a really good path...I have focused on days sober. Money saved drinks passed. I have written about what I can do with the money I have saved and how I have noticed positive changes in myself as well as positive changes my family has experienced as a result of my sobriety...I have also had to write about my struggles and frustrations and this has given me insight on my triggers. It has given me a valuable tool that helps me address the reasons why I feel angry or sad or defeated and it helps me come up with a game plan to make things better. I really like journaling. Plus Im a nerd and I find something deeply satisfying about carrying my moleskine journal around with me and watching the pages fill up.
One useful thing is to grab your journal the instant you wake up and "free write" for five minutes anything that comes to mind or even bypasses the mind and just comes out of your pen. You'll remember your dreams at this moment before the "daytime editor" wakes up. It's a moment to greet yourself and touch base with a deep part of yourself...When the "editor" wakes up--the organizer--you can put your daily calculations in your calories and money saved or goals for the day or whatever pleases you. You can record the happenings of the day like an anthropologist like an observer investigating a new world and you can grab the journal for quick emotional release and grounding at any moment you need it. Make it your friend your companion. ..When feeling emotionally stuck you can grab your journal and give yourself a ten minute writing prompt to loosen up your synapses and shift your stuckness--you just set a timer and find a prompt--green things go. Something sad--go. My very first memory--go. The texture of velvet--go. And you just keep the pen moving no matter what. Even if it's nonsense--the point is not to be good; the point is to shift to use your wonderful tool to help yourself creatively. ..And get a pen you really love. :-)
I started journaling a few months into sobriety. It was a huge help to me. Mostly I chronicled my emotional journey...processing my thoughts on drinking not drinking guilt regret and self-forgiveness.  I did not write every day. I wrote when I felt I had something I needed to work through or something to celebrate. When I was struggling I would look back on  those celebratory entries and find motivation to keep going. When I was waffling I'd read about all the regret I bore and realize it wasn't worth it. ..I don't write as often now but I still read my entries on occasion to keep me going. I recommend the process highly. You can't do it wrong really. Just start writing and it will become clear to you what you want to write about.
I've never stuck to journaling long-term but I happened to get a bunch of pocket-sized memo books for xmas. I've taken to keeping one on hand all the time and it's been really useful for this first sober week! ..I don't have any guidelines or anything for what I write in it; mostly it's been useful for recording those little "aha" epiphanies - those thoughts about why I drank or why I don't know or how I feel that I don't want to lose sight of. I also turn to it when I get a sudden drink craving and usually by the time I'm done writing down what's going through my head I feel a lot more grounded and able to act rationally about it. It's very useful to just have a place where I can pour out whatever's on my mind. ..I try not to self-censor and I haven't yet bothered with cataloging specific things like calories or money; mostly just feelings like "It's day 5 and my face isn't puffy any more!" or "I just realized something about myself" or "I have a craving but I know it'll pass if I wait it out".
