-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oyn3e/relapse_is_starting/

Wow the stress from school is driving me crazy. The workload for this week is killing me. I can't seem to work more than 10 minutes at a time. My mood is at an all time low I can't find much joy this morning I'm so agitated and want to drink so bad. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear things are tough. Is there anything you can do that will give you a bit of mental space aside from drinking? a bit of nature you can escape to for an hour? a piece of music you can zone out to? Someone who you can hang with and do some of the workload together for school? I hope you can find a way through. IWNDWYTD..
Just remember this simple fact that is actually HUGE: .**there is no problem that drinking will not make worse**..I feel for you friend and I also know that you're going to be able to deal with everything somehow some way with a clear head.  Drinking will make any mess that much bigger.  ..All my Love strength and support.     .I will not drink with you today!  
Would having a drink help you with your workload? Or your mood? You can find joy and the strength to power through internally if you take a moment to find it. Be mindful.
It's a known fact that today is one of the worst days in the year a miserable Monday in January back to work back to school if you can get thro today then you can get thro anything (says she who reset her badge yesterday!) I'll join you in getting thro this misery you're doing brilliantly and I can't wait to see my badge get as high as yours again
I feel your pain man. When I went back to school I relapsed and had to withdraw because of it. What I would have done differently this time around would be to sit back and think to myself "okay I do have a lot of work to get done but I can do this and it's not the end of the world. Drinking on the other hand would be the end of my world." Now I would make a plan for myself to tackle what I need to get done. I would write down my main priorities that I need to finish and then write a plan for breaking them down into things I need to do day to day to get them done. I would also plan the good things in there to keep myself healthy like eating meditating working out and socializing(maybe study groups) because isolation was a huge trigger. I'd do that for the week and try to follow it to the best of my ability and have faith that if I follow this plan I will get to the weekend and everything will work out. You can do this! What you are doing is a wonderful and meaningful thing keep at it and best of luck. I will not drink with you today.
Please don't. For your sake. This will pass and it will help you be that much stronger for the next "near relapse" feeling. ..You are doing GREAT! I mean 48 days dude. I made 40 once and was having a really bad day and I convinced myself that a few drinks would make it better. I was so wrong and now nearly a year later I am on day 4. You can do this!..I will not drink with you today!
There will always be things in life that assert themselves with such primacy that for a moment you are convinced to abdicate yourself in order to fulfill their demands. It's never ever a good trade. Nothing matters more than your healing. Every accomplishment or piece of abundance or success is hollow if you are. Everything is taken for granted and eventually lost. Try to remember what matters most: you...There's nothing wrong with you that needs to be fixed or supplemented to meet the demands of school. School is for you not the other way around. You're neck-deep in working on yourself and educating yourself. If school needs to be altered to better suit *your* needs so be it. That's its job...Can you speak to a counselor about your attention span concerns? Can you speak with your teachers about getting more time? Can you postpone a class for when you have more sober time under your belt? There's nothing that can't be worked out. Let's work it out and make sure you're cared for properly; you're the most important thing. I won't drink with you today. &lt;3
Sending love and prayers for strength your way.
Its day one for me....again. Push through every relapse has lasted longer every sobriety attempt has been more difficult. .. 
