-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p3r4x/an_extremely_long_share_and_seeking_advice_for/

This post is extremely long. My situation is quite unique and therefore I am seeking advice equally unique. Many of the things I am about to write have not been written down before either and this could contribute to the length. ..Years ago I graduated college as soon as the Great Recession hit headed overseas then years later repatriated into a middling job as a lending manager that came with a healthy dollop of stress and a pretty low quality of life which in turn led me back to becoming an ex-pat. ..The silver lining of the great economic collapse is that through a friend I managed to get a job teaching in Asia first in South Korea and now in China. ..Asia did absolutely nothing to help my drinking problem. Koreans drink more than any other country and that drinking culture is deeply ingrained into their national identity. ..China is a little more sober but a pretty lawless place while there are actually many laws in place due to the billions of people and lack of resources they are rarely enforced. ..The country itself is mostly held together by shoe strings and that organized chaos is part of the appeal and what can make it endearing to some. It is a place where almost anything can happen at any time but this can be equally frustrating as well (i.e. going to the bank). ..Years passed and I managed to go from a token white guy job to a respectable job to a job at an international school all while being a functioning alcoholic. I spent too much money woke up hungover had my share of conflict caused by alcohol but the veneer of a borderline normal albeit eccentric educator held firm. My career is in good shape. I am back in school getting my teaching license and am angling to get a top teaching job with all of the salary and perks that those jobs entail. They also come with many added responsibilities. ..About two years ago I met a Chinese native. She is beautiful much younger than I am and subscribes to the gender roles inherently found permeating Chinese society. She has been unwaveringly supportive regardless of how much I drink or smoke during the weekend etc. ..While I always had the reputation as this fun party guy insert cliche here. Drinking always held me back and about a year ago I started poking around online found this subreddit the Phellowship and the Wharf Rats. What I realized is that to fully realize my potential and do all of the things I need to do I cannot squander any more time drunk or hungover. ..I can stay sober for a month or two relapse for a few days and then continue that cycle ad infinitum. This is where I am right now fresh off of a relapse. ..China has a holiday in the winter that stretches over two months celebrating the new year. I booked us tickets to Siem Reap. I stand by what I told my fiance that it is the most beautiful place in Asia I have ever been but what I failed to disclose was that you can buy any prescription medication without a prescription and weed is baked into pizzas pretty much legal and easily purchased at any of these "Happy Pizza Parlors". Booze is cheap plentiful and the bar street is a tourist hot spot. ..Our impending visit there was the catalyst for my most recent relapse. ..In South Korea the health insurance is airtight. Sooner than later the foreign community figured out that with the right story prescription of Adderal or Xanax were easily obtainable for pennies. Most people I knew were on one or the other. ..I was a xanax guy. All of my anxiety melted away they cured hangovers and made me sleep like a baby. They were the perfect companion to a life of heavy drinking. Later I discovered that they seriously screw with your brain chemistry cause intense withdrawals and once taken regularly are insanely difficult to give up. The sensation of one melting under my tongue still haunts me to this day. It is literally a pill that makes everything better but with serious dangerous side effects that eventually surface. ..Subconsciously or semi-consciously I guess the plan was to hit up the pizza joint hit the pharmacy and spend some time on Pub Street while I was there. These ideas made getting back to sobriety difficult. ..Upon a lot of self reflection I found myself explaining this cycle to my fiance vowing to stay sober no matter what and asking her for support when I inevitably wanted to relapse again. That was a difficult but ultimately positive situation. ..My  subconscious is soaked with addiction and I constantly need to be on guard. I can follow a rabbit hole in my mind and get myself back to justifying a life of partying again within half a day. It's quite incredible really. ..Sties like these are mostly helpful but the other day someone posted something along the lines of "I don't treat LSD as a visceral experience can I still keep my clean date if I use it?"..There went the wheels in my brain. That made a whole hell of a lot of sense and I'm sure you can guess where I was back to in my mind by the end of the day. ..For me I need to keep myself completely sober or I will relapse. Uncle Sydney will lead me to weed. Weed will lead me back to booze. Years of self-reflection have taught me this. This is my experience. You do you but I have to do me. ..My last relapse ended a few days ago. It was pretty much uneventful. I drank a lot over the course of three or four days had trouble sleeping the night before work went through all of the anxiety and self-hatred as I laid there in the dark and vowed to change. ..So here is day two. ..And after all of this here is where I need your help. ..I have gotten a lot of great advice on here. I also have gotten the f advice you would expect to be given when all of the sudden everyone with a drinking problem becomes a therapist. That's OK. We're all taking different roads up the same mountain and the community itself is helpful with good intentions. ..The advice that I most commonly get is "get to a meeting". I try to tell people that this is China and things like that don't really exist. It's frustrating to be met with "there are meetings everywhere get to one." ..I have checked. There aren't. One person even posted meeting info for Shanghai which is like asking me to travel from New York to Denver each day for 90 days and not skip a single one. ..Even travelling within Shanghai can sometimes be a three four hour trip because you're dealing with a place that is almost three times the size of New York City but that point is moot since I live nowhere near that city. ..I am closest to Guangzhou. Even so the city center is a two hour one way journey. With my job here life and responsibilities it would be impossible for me to go there each day even if a meeting did exist. ..I have downloaded all of the apps literature and am going to start reading right away. However I refuse to give up my life which has way more positive than negative happening despite the fact that I drink too much sometimes. Are there other resources for people like me that can be accessed online; Ways to do it without physically having to be someplace I can't get to? Any help you can give may even make the difference to other people in similar situations. ..Thanks for reading I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! This is a beautifully written post and I really appreciate you sharing your experiences. ..I'll just get straight to the concrete ideas. Though I am not an AA member I know that they have meetings online.  There are meetings online for SMART recovery as well; those are more familiar to me. I know that there are sometimes restrictions on what you can and cannot visit online in China but it might be worth a try? 
Are there online/skype counselor or AA meetings?
While you living abroad can be considered unique the equation for not drinking is the same: put the plug in the jug and do everything possible to keep it there. ..Online recovery resources are abound. SMART meetings online communities like this one personal addiction life coaches and more are available. It's what suits your fancy. I'm sure where you live has plenty of therapists and addiction services in the physical world as well...Your mind switching positions and justifying intellectually-intriguing yet not-helpful statements (LSD) is nothing new.  The human mind is the most powerful thing known to man in the universe and it sure as hell cannot be blindly trusted. Religion has been used for thousands of years to train mind. One could say recovery groups and their collective statements of purpose do the same. ..Extracurricular activites are good for the mind and body.  I do not doubt where you are has a great offering of them...More than anything the choice to cease intoxicants is an inner decision reinforced by outer action. The fact that a country identifies as drinking or not isn't important when one makes that bone-marrow decision. You can put me in the midst of a thousand drinkers yet it takes only one of them to undo my conviction: me...Accountability to others is also important. Letting others know my intent to not drink allows me to garner force behind my decision. You don't even have to find another recovering alcoholic: just find one who doesn't imbibe and make them a friend. ..I drank and used to create chaos because I loved it. Two plus years on I am still learning that life is just a stream nothing inherently exciting yet completely mystifying. I challenge you to find the man you are in the unexciting realm. Believe me the chaotic out for the mystifying steady stream in is worth it.  I'll leave you with this an excerpt from "Awakening the Buddha Within":..Back in the early 1970s I remember trying to discuss drugs with Lama Yeshe. I described to him in colorful detail my cosmic mystical experiences during a one-week solitary trek through Nepal. I spent two days meditating at a Himalayan hot spring under the influence of hallucinogenic mushrooms. I had hoped and even expected Lama to explain these things and even help me understand. Instead he laughed loudly and exclaimed "Western boy's dream!" He would say no more. He just kept laughing.....
http://www.onlinegroupaa.org/..AA Online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3MIGrvUNgY..Youtube link for AA intro
AA Guangzhou..http://www.aaguangzhou.com/
https://www.smartrecovery.org/..Smart Recovery Online Meetings
[removed]
