-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p6x5r/a_huge_reward_of_quitting_the_one_i_never_saw/

Sharing this story in the hopes it might help someone still struggling.....A few months before I descended into full-blown alcoholism I hurt my back. The injury seemed minor at first but even after rounds of medicine and weeks of physical therapy my pain grew. Recovery of any kind can as we all know be exhausting work and eventually I stopped trying to heal. The pain in my back sharpened and spread but I more or less resigned myself to it...At the time I didn't know that chronic pain could fuel addiction. It took me years to recognize -- at a bar appropriately enough -- that my injury played a major role in my drinking. But instead of seeking specialists retrying physical therapy or visiting a chiropractor I did nothing. The drinking numbed my pain but it also numbed my will to truly care for myself...Flash forward to post-alcohol life: Tired of accepting an aching body I returned to physical therapy and committed myself to a healthier lifestyle (standing desk strength training better posture -- the works). The results were and are incremental. But a couple days before Christmas as I wandered nonchalantly through my kitchen I realized something extraordinary: For the first time in years my back was pain-free. I cried in gratitude...To be clear: The lingering issues from my injury are nowhere near over and I'll probably be managing some form of them or another for the rest of my life. Millions of people face chronic pain that can be trickier to tackle than mine is and I have no way of even knowing whether my own issues will continue to improve. ..But I know this: If I had continued to drink I would never have summoned the motivation to try healing again and the pain would have worsened. **In quitting drinking I saved myself.** And I'm still learning that's true in ways I never imagined possible.  ..Thanks for reading. I wish you all so well and IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Came on here to read one story this morning and this was all I needed. As someone who has also realized I amped up the drinking in a futile attempt to soothe my chronic-broken-back-pain and the subsequent loss of my hiker/sportsgirl identity this post is incredibly beautiful and encouraging. I am so happy for u and I cry with joy with you. Thanks for the reminder thanks for holding me accountable to my own new changes to treat my body and life better and... I will not drink with u today!
Awwwww......I actually said that out loud when you said you cried in gratitude.  I'm so very proud of you for doing this.  I myself have some health issues that have gone ignored for the time that I was drinking.  Now that I've been sober I've made choices that have improved on my health dramatically...And I'm continuing to do so...Thank you for this post.  It reminds me of my direction and keeps me motivated to move towards it!!!..Inspiring!!!!
Thank you for sharing your story. There are so many different reasons that we numb ourselves. I'm super glad you have nurtured yourself and are continuing to do so. :)
So true.  Chronic pain erodes away at your peace of mind.  Staying on top of it is the key.  I did the same thing that you did.  Thanks for this excellent post.  And congrats on every single day!
I'm having the same problem but with my chronic hip pain. Thanks for the inspiration.
I'm glad you brought attention to chronic pain and alcoholism. So happy that you are seeing results! Back pain is crippling for so many. ..IWNDWYT 
Way to go!  That's so wonderful.   I still am learning how to care for myself physically mentally and emotionally.  I have a lot to learn and far to go but I totally agree that drinking really dead ended my journey on that front.  
Pain has a way of eating through our energy physically and mentally. What a gift you have given yourself to be pain free for now! 
Thanks for the post millieu.  On way home from work and after a stressfull day regarding my Father my first thoughts turned to going for a pint.  Your post reminded me why i started this journey.  Iwndwyt 
Thanks for the post millieu.  On way home from work and after a stressfull day regarding my Father my first thoughts turned to going for a pint.  Your post reminded me why i started this journey.  Iwndwyt 
More and more reasons to not drink keep finding their way to me. IWNDWYT.
I too was drinking to numb my Chronic neck and shoulder pain. I think the sugar and dehydration from alcohol only made it worse ..I barely even think about the pain now 
Awesome Sauce! I will not drink with you today.
Great post! Thanks for sharing. You lifted the spirits of a fellow chronic back pain sufferer! IWNDWYT 
Chronic pain is a big part of my slide down too. I'm so much healthier now in so many ways! IWNDWYT!
