-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pbq5p/my_first_dayat_the_worst_time_of_the_day/

Today is day 1 of my no-alcohol journey.  I am struggling!  Normally at this time of day I would be sitting down with a glass of wine or having beer with dinner.  .Each day I wake up and think I won't drink today but I end up doing it before the day ends.  .I am not sure if I am an alcoholic...the tests look for drinking in the AM to help with a hangover--which I don't do but I do drink alone (in fact prefer it--while I relax and read a book or watch Netflix) I drink during the day on the weekends and I do drink nearly every day.  I suppose it doesn't matter---I need to stop or at least significantly cut back.  .I have gained 30 pounds over the last 10 years...I bet most of it is due to drinking!  So I wonder...if I stop the drinking will some of this weight come off finally?.Looking for any hints to help get through the evenings at least for this first week.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I feel like habit was a lot of it for me. After a few unsuccessful attempts I sort of realized what times were my "danger zone" and tried to schedule distractions for myself in those times (for me around 4-6 p.m. was the worst; I wasn't a morning drinker either)...And the weight thing is amazing... depending on how much you eat to cope with the cravings haha I think most of us saw some weight loss and definitely the drunk bloat went down. Apparently I do not have cankles haha. ..My best hint is to get a hobby... quitting drinking left a big hole in my life and it wasn't until I filled it with other actually enjoyable stuff (filling it with chores didn't work haha) like hiking kayaking got lots of good library books puzzles movies I'd been meaning to watch ... just whatever stuff you life ... that things really stuck. Good luck congrats on day 1 and we are all here for ya!
Reading about stopping drinking helps! lol. This Naked Mind is an awesome read and less bloating sleeping better weight loss clearer skin sharper mind etc. are all side effects I have had from stopping even for a short amount of time. 
Congrats on day 1! We all start there. I am an alcoholic yet I have never been one to start drinking in the morning..ever. Even on the weekends when I am not working. Yet I have been drinking 12-15 beers a night for more years than I care to admit with the occasional shot of whiskey or tequila or whatever was available. I have been steadily employed for the nearly the last 7 years with a good job and mostly employed for the last 18. ..Cutting back has never worked for me. Once I get started (which was usually around 4-5pm) I wouldn't quit until I either got full or got tired of drinking. Either way I would be in bed usually by 9 pm and up before 6 am every weekday and any weekend I had to work. While I wasn't usually hungover I certainly wasn't performing at a high level. ..Alcoholic beverages pack a lot of empty calories so by cutting them out you will very likely lose that weight as long as you don't replace all those calories with a lot of junk food. 
Putting a good amount of time between you and your last drink will give you a much clearer picture of the situation. Give it 30 days and see how you feel take note of the changes. I agree that having a distraction when cravings hit is key having AF beverages on hand also helps. The weight came off slowly for me as I was distracting myself with ice cream but I lost 15lbs even with the sweets. .Wishing you success!
You can do it. I've nearly been sober 3 months and have lost 15 lbs.  You'll notice as soon as you cut out the wine and beer you not only feel better but you'll start to look better and this includes weight loss!
