-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pcvej/naltrexone_50mg/

Hi all..Longtime lurker/past poster who didn't stay as engaged in this community as I should have once my progress faltered in the past. I am so grateful for this online community and often look at older posts/responses I've seen and taken comfort in...So as I'm sure a lot of us can relate to I found myself drinking too much around the holidays and around family. What has been new for me is that I've blacked out twice both on days where I didn't eat before drinking. I want to get back to some form of sobriety...I wanted to know if anyone here has had any positive experiences with Naltrexone. I have taken it in the past but only when I was preparing to drink and wanted to reduce my intake - I don't know how effective it actually was as I would sometimes have to convince myself to take it and wouldn't necessarily stop me from bingeing...I've seen a new psychiatrist yesterday and when I mentioned I used to take it and have started struggling again he prescribed Naltrexone 50mg. Has anyone had any success with this helping with cravings? This is what I really want it for so I do not even start drinking in the first place...I now have 2 days - I took one yesterday and one today but not sure if this is having a placebo impact/wishful thinking so far!..Thanks all!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on it - I have no idea if it works but it's not not working as I haven't had a drink so that's something! 
My doctor gave me campral saying it would help with the cravings. I asked if I could have Antabuse instead because I knew from previous experience it worked..He said try campral. I said ok and it did/ has done nothing that I can notice..I went to another doctor who prescribed me the Antabuse and I'm now 12 days sober which is a long stretch for me..I discovered in Australia now there is an Antabuse shortage and you need to find a compounding pharmacy who will actually make it to order for you..In short campral did nothing. Antabuse is working for me. Goodluck
I took it for about seven or eight months.  I haven't relapsed.  Maybe it helped maybe not but it certainly didn't hurt a bit.
