-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pgk5u/rehabbing_dopamine_and_endorphin_receptors/

Suggestions? Relapse is boredom/anxiety/lack of endorphins/dopamine. So-How aside from time served can we cultivate the runners high effect ( aside from running that is?)..1.Sex. (You mean it can actually get HARD now??).2. Running/ endorphinous activities.3. Joy ( New baby wedding etc).4. Reunions.5. Laughter/comedy.6. Dance/Live Music.7. Nature Time (Hiking/Sit spot/ meditation/prayer).8.Happy Time with our family/loved ones.9. Wrestling with a dog.10. Lap sitting with a cat.11. Sailing.12. Archery/Target shooting/Golf.13. Anonymous good deeds.14. Children's laughter and happiness (I miss the open joy of when my kids were small..).15. Emotions in general...you ARE allowed to feel ALL your emotions- not just the ones you or they like. (And I'm MR. STOIC..).16.??..And... I'm done for now...Let's see how BIG this list can get. I want to get high the right way this time. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Cooking!..Working on something creative: crafts a blog music...Sober snuggles with my 2 year old are my favorite though. 
You already covered many! Singing along to really loud music in the car. Showing gratitude to nature. Volunteering for a good cause. 
Fly fishing.
My favs are video games yoga and comedies.  Grats on 9 days friend.
Films are so much more enjoyable sober aswell! I've had some enjoyable times getting clean just watching films. 
Dancing.. Good exercise and swinging ladies around. .Learning something new.. Im gonna try to learn music
Reading a book about something new that makes you want to share all your  did you know s!
Oh man I need this! I have been in such a funk which has been perpetuating itself because I lost a big part of my life and coping mechanism. I feel like life is slowly taking me over and I don't have anything to drown it out with. Maybe I"m hormonal and I'm not going to drink but I've been questioning it lately. I just want to feel "good" and "normal"!
I just thought of another- massage hugs closeness. Touch. The fundamental sense. Single people estranged marrieds can if single go MONTHS without touch. This is akin to tactile solitary confinement. Isolation is always pathological; we're biologically social creatures. Which means touch. 
honestly... doing anything productive is a slog while you're doing it but that endorphin rush at the end when it's done is what we all need to reset our brains.
Took up really deep stretching so I could learn to do the splits!.Def gives that rush and I get to watch my fav tv or listen to my fav music while doing it... win win
[removed]
I love tinkering with stuff. Helped a friend put custom firmware on his game system over the phone and text (had to send him files and instructions) cleaned up my computer and organized my desk helped a family member with their computer troubles etc. Video games are fun but I find myself playing arcade style stuff these days since I can rarely commit to 100+ hour games anymore.
Knitting and crochet! Activities with repetitive motion help boost dopamine! 
