-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pjc8s/ten_days/

Like many people who quit after New Year's Eve I'm now ten days in and so proud of myself... Sleep continues to be deep restorative and undisturbed... I'm clear headed content awake alert and eating healthily swimming three times a week and lost two pounds in weight. .I don't say all this to boast or show off or in any way out of complacency or arrogance... I know I still have to work at being the best and healthiest I can be in so many ways... It's just so that when I read back on it in days to come or in the event of any relapseit will remind me of how happy and healthy I feel alcohol free and taking better care of myself all round. .I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds great! I'm with you on everything except eating healthy - I definitely don't feel full or bloated but it's easier to say yes to pizza since I'm not filling up on empty alcohol calories. IWNDWYT!
Congrats on 10 days! It sounds like you have a good plan that works for you. Carry on...I will not drink with you today!
Fantastic work. Realizing all of these things is incredible &amp; I wish you all of the best in your journey
Double digits. Woohoo! 
That's awesome! It's so wonderful being able to finally notice all the benefits of life without alcohol. IWNDWYT!
I'm at 10 days too. I think it's important to be grateful for the positive changes. Each day I make a point to reinforce how much better I feel sober. My hope is that it will help build my defenses against any cravings that might pop up. A big goal of mine is to stop thinking about what I'm missing and start thinking about what I'm gaining. Congrats on the 10 days. 
We can all do it! I did not and will not drink with you today 10 day friend.
[deleted]
I'm also ten days in finding my eyes opened to all the positive side effects of not drinking. My mum is ten years sober and she text me this the other day:.. The trick is to feel that excercising the power of choice gives you enormous freedom..rather than feeling restricted or ripped off because you're not drinking..go baby girl. ..I think it's really important to affirm every day the freedom and positive elements being sober gives me. Iwndwyt!
