-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pjm3p/week_one_no_one_cares/

Week one has been full of up's and downs. more downs than ups but that's what I was expecting. does anyone else feel regret or fear from quitting. I keep thinking about all the things I love doing (or used to love doing) going to Football games is it going to be the same without drinking? game nights with my friends just watching T.V and movies with my girlfriend parties? im not going to be drunk with everyone else. I already hate being at parties with people who are way too hammered but at least being drunk made it tolerable. having drinks with the boys after work. nothing will be the same. I keep getting a flash of thought that says "well maybe I'll quit up until this date and that will be good". it wont be I need to train myself out of that thought. I honestly couldn't tell you that last time I spent more than a couple days sober never mind a week. as I struggle with my own thoughts I've learned something this week. I thought I was doing this for my relationship money and to stop making a fool of myself. I realized I'm doing it for MYSELF and its no ones responsibility but my own to care. I was really hoping i'de arrive home yesterday and my S.O would congratulate me on a week of sobriety and I was really hoping for a small gesture of her appreciation (don't know why but I've been craving cupcakes and I was hoping she'd come home with cupcakes) not only did she not come home with cupcakes she didn't even acknowledge my tremendous achievement (at least what I feel to be a tremendous achievement) late at night when we were lying in bed she was almost asleep I mentioned it was my 1 week sober she rubbed my hand and said "good job" and she passed out.... I struggled a week in what felt like hell at some points for "Good job"? I would be lying if I said I wasn't upset. I'm not mad at her. but I am upset and I think I have the right to be too! its wasn't just me who decided I should quit we both did!.... after I calmed down I had a 'break in the clouds' moment. I realized I need to stop expecting a 'congratulations' or a pat on the back. I'm doing this for me and no one else. I don't need people to be proud of this. I need me to be proud of this. hopefully in a years time I can look back (hopefully craving free) and be proud of myself. for the first time in a long time I can be proud of what I ACCOMPLISHED. I'm sorry for the lengthy post I just have no one in my day to day life I felt I could tell about how petty I feel I am that I was upset I didn't get 'Congratulations' and how I came to realize this is a ME accomplishment not everyone around me. Thanks for listening. DCC. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe she didn't realize how bad your problem is. I had a similar issue with my family and friends. They didn't think I had a problem or they think it's a switch you can turn on and off. Non-drinkers don't understand what it's like and they are lucky. They probably think big deal. Anyway tell her how you struggled with and maybe she will understand. 
Congrats! When I stopped my habitual drinking 3 weeks ago I didn't say a word about to my wife kids or any other family members. I was afraid that I would fail like all the other times before. It always became an embarrassment and the failures pretty much went their way unspoken. This time I had a feeling it was going to be different. You are correct. This needs to be something that is done for one's own self. For health and well-being. I need no pat on the back. Everyone knows I am not drinking now. I don't know if they think it's for good or temporary and I'm not sure if even I know that. But I am seeing huge changes in my appearance sleep mental clarity and work habits and I like it. I think I'll keep at this so called "sobriety" thing! Good luck to you. Things only get better from here. IWNDWYT
Great posts.  I think most people here have tried to quit many many times.  Sometimes it's just different.  Good luck to all.  It's tough but we all have it in ourselves to do it don't give up.  IWNDWYT!
Ah yes the lonesome road of self love. ..Well you DO have us here!
I didn't get much reaction from my wife (or select friends I told) for my first week sober (or the first month for that matter).  I think part of it was because they have only known me as a drinker so I think they were taking an "I'll believe it when I see it" approach...It wasn't until I had close to 3 months under my belt that they seemed to realize how serious I was (am) but I still haven't gotten nearly the props from them that I get here. ..On a side note I drank for anything and everything as well but I didn't know just how much alcohol was negatively affecting me until I had a few months to see the contrast between that old me that was living in chaos and pain and the now me that feels so much more at ease with myself and with life.  I just can't imagine giving up this feeling...I will not drink with you today.
Good job!!!  Have you tried talking with a counselor?  I just started seeing one and she made me think about why I needed praise and approval from people (reason: my parents are alcoholics who put drinking before everything and everyone including me so I've been searching for attention/praise/acknowledgement because I didn't get that my whole life).  ..She also asked me what I liked about myself (self-esteem/self-worth) and when I didn't have much to say on that topic it made me sad.  I realized then that I that I had little/no self-worth.  Mostly because I felt guilt and shame for the way I acted when I was drunk and the people I hurt in the process.  Once I quit (11 days ago) I've already started feeling better about myself.  I can feel my self-worth and self-esteem coming back and it's awesome!  I am starting to focus on myself and gain confidence which is making me realize that I don't need anyone to tell me "good job".  My "good job" comes from knowing that I have power over this addiction which is a great feeling.  Not to mention physically feeling better looking better and knowing I'm on a path to greatness (sounds corny/cliche but it's true!)...I would suggest working on/focusing on your internal self-worth.  It sounds like you "get it" - you said that this decision is for YOU and you're right.  Keep working and pushing towards greatness.  You got this!
Im the same as you! One week is a huge deal to us but a lot of people don't think thats a big deal because they didn't drink like us. I don't have any ability to moderate I was drinking to get drunk and would drink anything around me until I blacked out. Nobody knew how bad my drinking was because I could handle it so well without falling down slurring etc but they didn't see me behind closed doors drinking by myself or with my head in the toilet every morning or slamming glasses of booze to shake the hangover. Congratulations on one week! My one week is Friday and will be proud of myself because I am doing it for me! ..Stay strong! 
I really struggle with that too. Alcohol was such a part of everything I did. I read a quote a few days after I became sober and it helps me. Maybe it will help you too so here goes.... The day I became free of alcohol was the day that I fully understood and embraced that I would not be giving anything up by not drinking. 
