-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pnxm0/wow_there_it_is/

730 days or 2 full years since I decided to stop drinking "for a while." I've since decided that "a while" should be each and every day...Can't reiterate enough: take each day as it comes. I would get caught in thinking about future events or about the past and make myself miserable thinking about drinking. I promise each day to stay sober and focus on that day. It's as simple as that. Now at 2 years it isn't even a conscious thought. It just is. And the freedom that affords me is absolutely incredible. ..I understand now how free sobriety makes me feel. The first year was all about the struggle: daily hourly socially etc. I could not understand the concept of "freedom" because I still felt the pull to drink and had to fight it A LOT. The second year was more about getting comfortable in this new identity. Temptation appeared occasionally but it was far weaker. Now I feel the freedom of NOT thinking constantly about drinking (or not drinking). It just is. ..I hope you all get a chance to experience this. It IS worth it. One more day today. That's all we have to do.  IWNDWYT!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations !!
Awesome! Congratulations and I love reading that advice! I need it!
Congratulations!  Freedom sweet freedom.  Thanks for your post! 
Congratulations on a huge accomplishment. Thank you for sharing your experience. It gives me great hope that things will continue to get better and easier. I will not drink with you just for today!!!
Congratulations! 
Congrats! Your message is exactly what I needed to hear today. I too am stuck with obsessive thoughts and worry about forever. Great to hear that freedom is possible! IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your daily success story. 
Thank you for sharing!! and Congratulations
Thank you for the inspiration.
WOW congratulations.  It is refreshing to see you are still here.  We started this 2 days apart.  It really is a whole new living experience.  People all know now that I do not drink.  I still have some that want to know how long am I going to do this not drinking thing.  With God all things are possible.
So awesome!!  Congratulations!  Hope to be there soon.
Woo hoo!  Great job.  I agree after 2 years it got noticeably easier to resist any cravings that popped up and it's practically a non-issue now.
Ripster!! Great to see ya my friend. [Congrats on 2 Years!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g) &lt;3
Thank you for your words.  Congrats!
Thanks for the inspiration! 
Would you say that you ended up changing your social circle or group of friends? I feel like that is a hard truth to admit to myself 
As a noob I need to hear this. I've posted on here so many times in the past few days about feeling the constant struggle and thinking I shouldn't (still) be. I hope it doesn't take two years of struggling to get there but I am going to keep trying. I HAVE to.
Thumbs up from London!
That's awesome one day at a time
Great work! Your words are inspiring - things will get better and easier in the future! IWNDWYT
One more day that's all. Love it!!!
Way to go!
Congratulations.    
A wonderful share thank you and many congrats. I can never hear it enough -- one day at a time :)
Thank you for your message of hope for all of us who are struggling through the early days of sobriety.  
Awesome message I really appreciate it. IWNDWYT! 
Really helpful to hear how 2 years feels. Thank you and well done. IWNDWYT
Congrats!!  I'm so glad you've found your freedom. IWNDWYT
Well done Ripster!
Congrats! You are an inspiration. 
Congratulations!
Nice going!  You're doing great.  I agree no use worrying about drinking tomorrow.  I will not drink with you today.
I needed to to hear this. Thanks  . 
Many congratulations.
