-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pqffy/the_morning_commute/

Today I had to get up and go to a hiring event for Amazon. Not bad in itself but it is located in an obscure Seattle suburb in a mediocre hotel. Seems a little weird. ..But let me tell you I have had a morning. To start I woke up very unrested and irrationally angry for reasons I don't fully understand. Further I woke up late and missed the bus. Had to call Uber to make the last train to Seattle. The Uber driver was deaf and I was on a very tight timeline to make the train. He was driving about five miles an hour.....This only made me more upset and of course that just made me even more angry with myself. It's not his fault! And what kind of garbage am I for being mad at him for my poor planning and inability to communicate with him. I felt like screaming "please drive faster!" Which of course would have been pointless.....Made it to the station with seconds to spare and had to sprint down the platform and jump through the doors which were literally trying to close. Did I mention it's pouring? Collapsed into my seat soaked and out of breath. ..And through all of it I had one overarching thought... "God I want a drink"..It was 8 o'clock in the morning. What the fuck is wrong with me?..Took the train to Seattle caught the connecting bus to Tukwila (obscure suburb) and found out the bus drops off a mile from the hotel the event is being held at. ..So I walked...In the rain.....I'm sitting in the lobby of the hotel. In my completely soaked interview clothes trying to dry out before my appointment. All I can do is wonder if this shit is ever going to get any easier. ..Some days I feel good. Today it just feels like a never ending struggle. Sorry I just needed to vent and write this down...I still want a drink
----------immediate responses--------

These shit days can turn out to be such courageous huge turning points.  You are doing it.  You are not giving up and you are not giving in.  I'm pretty fucking impressed that there you sit in the soaking wet clothes doing your damn best.  Life can be hard whether you drink or not and drinking doesn't make a single thing better.  You got this.  
Sounds stressful man.... just think how much worse it could have been if you'd had a banging hangover on top... sprinting for a train with a pounding headache and feeling like you're about to puke!!..Here is a good place to vent.... stay strong and this too shall pass.... you're doing great to have made it to day 10 already so keep up the good work!..I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Pretty sure if you had still been drinki g you would have woken up seen you were late and just laughed it off. I would have. But there you sit in interview clothes after an epically bad commute. And tomorrow you will wake up with no hangover less stressed and probably have a little chuckle about it. More power to you! IWNDWYT 
Pretty sure if you had still been drinki g you would have woken up seen you were late and just laughed it off. I would have. But there you sit in interview clothes after an epically bad commute. And tomorrow you will wake up with no hangover less stressed and probably have a little chuckle about it. More power to you! IWNDWYT 
Glad you can vent...Congratulations on noticing your limits...When I don't  like something  in my life it is a valuable gift!..I get to notice  life brought me this ....what can I do with it?  How can I use this to inform my future choices decisions and actions?..How can I accept this and be grateful for it?..Then I'm really aligned with life.  I notice where I am in Contention with either or both myself and/or my environment/situation.
