-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7psb0d/what_are_your_thoughts_on_drugsantidepressants/

I know this subreddit is about stopping drinking but I think this is really relevant to it. I joined AA 6 months ago when I stopped drinking. I have seasonal affective disorder (Seattle) and I have depression. I relapsed on Kratom over christmas break. And I took it again today because I was really depressed...After my relapse I didn't really feel welcomed back to AA by my sponsor or my homegroup. I still do want to get better. I feel like I am still pretty proud of my six months without a drink and I definitely don't want to drink. But with this depression I needed *something* to help me feel better even temporarily. And it worked. I'm trying to get on antidepressants (currently trying out my first one) but it's not working yet...Does anyone have experience with leaving AA but staying sober? Or taking recreational drugs "sometimes"? Taking antidepressants? I know Kratom is more powerful than MJ and more addictive so I don't feel good about taking it long term but I feel a lot better right now. ..I'm not asking for moral/ethical advice on whether "drugs are bad" but I'd love to hear some experiences with the relation of drug sobriety to alcohol sobriety and relapse stories. Thanks guys!
----------immediate responses--------

I havent ever done AA but ive teen taking Kava pills and 5-HTP pills for the past week to help regulate my moods. they are natural supplements that dont seem harmful. Kratom became slighty addictive to me personally. If you think its necessary for your recovery I would suggest contacting a more empathetic group of people who are there to support you always. Everyones human!
I think that is a wholly personal choice.  I use cannabis but am reevaluating my use in my sobriety which i do not consider compromised by partaking in the devil's lettuce...I stay away from cocaine because i love to use it and my use mirrors my alcohol use when i partake- no stopping that train. ..If someone tried to make me feel guilty for my cannabis use i wouldnt give a shit. They wouldnt have to make me feel guilty for using coke -id take care of that myself. ..Anyway drugs dont lead me to an alcohol relapse typically but they do make me feel like garbage about myself on the comedown so i stay away from them for the most part.
I have been on antidepressants for about 14 years and will probably be on them forever. Any program that would judge me for being on them is not a program that would be a good fit for me. 
Turns out anti depressants work a hell of a lot better when alcohol isn't involved. I've had my doctors tell me that for years but of course I thought I knew better in my hubris. ..See a doctor and see what they say. They can make the best determination if you are substance free. I made an appointment to see my medication manager and reassess my meds now that I'm not drinking or lying about how much I am drinking. Going to see how that goes before I make any future choices about substance use...I am not really opposed to marijuana use. For me I have found that I don't want to drink while using pot. But I also hate smoking and prefer edibles. No hard shit for me. Coke would be a guaranteed relapse for me with alcohol. Nothing else...Anyway that's my two cents
Turns out anti depressants work a hell of a lot better when alcohol isn't involved. I've had my doctors tell me that for years but of course I thought I knew better in my hubris. ..See a doctor and see what they say. They can make the best determination if you are substance free. I made an appointment to see my medication manager and reassess my meds now that I'm not drinking or lying about how much I am drinking. Going to see how that goes before I make any future choices about substance use...I am not really opposed to marijuana use. For me I have found that I don't want to drink while using pot. But I also hate smoking and prefer edibles. No hard shit for me. Coke would be a guaranteed relapse for me with alcohol. Nothing else...Anyway that's my two cents
I've been on anti-depressants for most of the last 20 years. I will likely need to be for the rest of my life as I lost this particular genetic lottery. I've gone through 5 or 6 before finding the one currently working for me. They also can take a few weeks to work. ..I also live in Seattle and suffer from SAD most years. This year is particularly rough one of the big catalysts for my getting serious about stopping drinking. .Things that have worked for me: daily exercise light therapy lamp (10000lux) getting outside during daylight hours for at least 15min every day Vitamin D supplements (4000IU). 
Personally when getting sober the first bunch of times I used cannabis (I live in a legal state) to help me get through withdrawals. Now years later cannabis is a stepping stone to alcohol relapse. It's definitely a personal issue as many drugs have their helpful and harmful sides. I have no experience w antidepressants but like someone else said I'd expect they work better without alcohol in your body. I've known many folks to use cannabis instead of drinking and it's never led them back to it. For me however I know I can't use anything that I've abused in the past or I'll end up right back in the depths. 
I've been on antidepressants for a decade.  I need them function better with them and will probably always take them.  They don't get me high so a far as I'm concerned it isn't an issue as far as my sobriety goes and while I'm fine discussing it in AA I couldn't give less of a shit what anybody thinks about it.  ..You'll find purists in any group.  A guy in my IOP tried to tell me I was cheating by taking naltrexone and despite me explaining to his dumb ass that it's a receptor blocker wouldn't back down.  It's my sobriety though so how I choose to manage it is my decision and how he feels about my choices is about as valid as a football bat.  Now for myself I wouldn't consider myself sober if I were taking substances that mood alter- marijuana maintenance is not sobriety for me but what you do is up to you.  If your group/sponsor don't support you through a relapse then I'd consider moving on- that is the time they should shine.
For me it's about intent and effect.  If I have a cold and need to take cough syrup and I have no intention of trying to catch a buzz off of it and I take the recommended dosage and I use it only when needed and for it's intended purpose then I'm still sober. Same goes for antidepressants such as SSRIs especially in cases where there is no noticeable high associated with the medication. I think if I used recreational drugs and my intention was to effect my mind - to get high - then no I am no longer sober. Especially so in cases where said substance would take me completely out of reality. I'll reluctantly take all the downvotes that I will likely get on this but honestly I believe that addiction is addiction and not specific to the drug of choice so if I'm replacing alcohol with marijuana (for example) and I end up using marijuana the same way I used alcohol for the same purposes then I've solved nothing. I'm an abstinence guy. But I also know that my path is my path and others are free to walk their own path as they see fit. Hope this helps. 
