-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pvo3i/ugh_the_sleeplessness_is_tough/

I laid in bed staring at the wall for a half hour until I realized my speeding mind wasn't going back to sleep.  So I'm up at 4:30am sipping turmeric-ginger tea and reading about other peoples struggles.  I guess this is helping me get out of my own head and cyclical thought spirals.  So thank you for sharing your experiences.  Reading the successes reaffirms my own potential and reading the regret fear and anger tells me I am not alone in those feelings myself...I am encouraged that I am not craving a drink right now.  I know that won't be necessarily true tomorrow when I am back in my routine but right now alone in the dark I can see the glimmer of an alcohol-free life and I am choosing to move towards that.  ..But damn do I need some sleep.  Its a busy day tomorrow and if I keep waking up for an hour or two every night I fear I am going to catch a cold or the flu this winter...What do y'all do to help sleep in these early days of stopped-drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

In my limited experience you are almost through it. At least for me day four is about when I stopped having sweats restlessness and started sleeping soundly again. Have the best sleep I've had in a year this last week. Yesterday was a little offbut otherwise I feel great! ..Everybody is different but I hope that you have a similar experience and are right on the cusp of reclaiming good restful sleep!
Same dude. The girl I've been seeing just rolled over and sleepy eyed asked me how I was still awake. ...My mind won't shut up. And my eyes won't close. It sucks. I just replied "this is tough" kissed her and she fell back asleep. ...I love her. 
It does get better. I used an over the counter sleep aid now and again to help but found that even with limited sleep I felt better than when I was hungover but had "slept". Slowly but surely sleep gets more regular - hang in there!
Most of us can completely relate! I was told by quite a few SD'ers my first month here to be patient (I wasn't being patient that time around). Sleep will come but in its own time. For some it happens quickly for others it takes longer. It was around a month that I finally had sleep that was peaceful when I first stopped drinking in 2016. This time day 8 was my first restful night. ..I try to add relaxing activities to shut off my brain at night. Drink tea (which your turmeric ginger sounds lovely) eat early relaxing breathing (it helps!) and no tv in the bedroom. I have melatonin on hand but use it only sparingly. 
It was shit for me in the beginning but the last two days I have slept through the night. The insomnia may come back but it is getting better.
Be patient I was the same day 3/4. I'm now sleeping brilliantly. Keep going. IWNDWYT 
In about two to three weeks you will begin to have the best sleep of your life. You will fall asleep easily sleep restfully and wake invigorated. At least that's how it went for me. In the meantime it's a bitch.
Insomnia is tough and as has been mentioned a little different for everybody. In the past somewhere around the end of the first week or during the second week it really started getting better. This time around I got a decent nights' sleep on night 5 and 7. The first 4 were terrible as was 6. Those nights I tossed and turned and my mind would not shut down. Those were pretty miserable nights but I got up with feeling far better than I would have had with a hangover...Hang in there it gets much better and soon you will be getting the best sleep of your life. I will not drink with you today!.
It's so much to juggle all at once cravings (thankfully that's not a ball in the air right now) sleeplessness sometimes remorse sometimes euphoria hope despair all of these things plus the heavy task of learning a new coping skill deal with whatever life brings without the fall back to drinking.  It's a lot.  Your brain is steadily processing it and adjusting and doing so much work to get you back in alignment.  It's so busy and it's keeping you awake.  But the brain knows it needs rest too.  It came for me and I really think it is coming for you very soon.  IWNDWYT
[removed]
I feel the pain.  Woke at 4:00 tried to go back to sleep and just said hell with it and started reading.  I may be tired but at least I learned something
Thanks for writing this. I'm currently there...with a throbbing head from lack of sleep and just trying to quiet my mind... 
Push through it. Drinking to "help" me sleep was the main last best excuse I gave myself to keep drinking. Gotta sleep so I can function at work tommorow etc. Sure it seems like bullshit now but in those first few days it's hard to believe you'll ever sleep well again. I'm not that far in but I'm astounded at how easily i fall asleep now. After the first week or so I slept out of exhaustion but then it turned out my body actually knew how to rest I'd just been doing my damndest to prevent it. 
Right there with you. I'm so used to passing out that I have forgotten what it's like to fall asleep naturally. Been lying in my bed tossing and turning the last few nights. No idea what is normal lol
My sleep began improving the 4th or 5th night. Began getting sleepy like a normal person at 9pm. Took a while but I got there! Hang tough it's so worth it.  
Marijuana. Just one of the many side effects if quitting alcohol that it helps with. 
Thanks everyone!!  I'm groggy but not hung over because I didn't drink this morning to go back to sleep.  I was awake from 4am to 6am then got a couple more hours and when the alarms went off I asked my wife who was already in her own hurry to feed the cats (my duty in the morning) she did.  So I was able to roll over and sneak one more hour of sleep which was necessary but not sufficient.  .Thanks for listening to my complaining.  .My coffee is not having any vodka this morning and I will not drink with you today (but might be a little late to work).
As others have said this will pass.  You are retraining your body to function minus booze...It took me a couple weeks before I could sleep normal again but working out helped me a lot.  Tires the body out and actually helped with my cravings as well.
Great job partner! Welcome to the rest of your life! I am proud of you. There are countless others here that are proud of you. You can beat this demon back into the darkness from which it sprung. You can overcome whatever appears insurmountable in your path. The uncertainty of tomorrow does not impact your today. Live today for this incredible moment you've been given. Prepare for tomorrow. Always forward. Do push ups. Drink water. Be proud of your today. ...2 cents on sleep: ..Sleep has alway been an issue some things which may help albeit depends on your environment and culture:..Turn your bedroom into a sanctuary .No TV.No computer.No cellphones (yeah right bud).Black out curtains.Those fancy blue light bulbs.Lavender spray stuff or an oil diffuser or Salt lamp light thing (hippie shit sometimes is good shit).* Reclaim (Fucking love this) your peace place sanctuary. If you can afford it replace your mattress your sheets and comforter/ blankets.Get some artifacts reflecting your spiritual self around your sanctuary such as dream catchers or crossed battle axes and the like. These may give you something to reflect upon before attempting sleep. .No TV computer or cell an hour before bed. Pick up a book damnit. Do a puzzle. Push ups are always a good idea. Always. .Sex.Masturbation.Mediate .Try a hypnosis app (I know no cellphones always an exception bro) or something to lull you into deep breathing.Breath deep and often (might make your dick bigger. who knows. Science). ..History:..I haven't slept more than about 6 hours in almost 20 years without getting blackout drunk beforehand. ..My little ritual:..Turn off everything an hour before bed.Drink some sleepy tea (some organic shit.  the cute girl at Whole Foods will tell you what to get).Stretch and use the foam roller for 15-20 mins depending on if I'm feeling like a wimp.Spray lavender on my pillows.Turn on that salt lamp thing and set my sleep track app which plays soothing music and rain or harps and that sort of thing. Wash my face with warm water and use a warm wash cloth around my head and neck. I apply this coconut lavender oil crud to my body almost like a little massage without the benefit of an Asian lady. All the while I try to focus on deep breathing (harder than it sounds dicks not bigger...yet). Before climbing into bed I pray and thank the gods for my spoils of the day and ask that should I pass a most inglorious death in my sleep they'd still allow me to dine (no booze! Even in death!) with them in the halls of Valhalla.  I give Jesus a shout too because who the fuck knows. ..I try to sleep on my back focus on some hippie shit Buddha inspired healing white light. I focus on feeling each body part starting at my toes moving that healing white light up from my toes to the top of my head. When the concentration breaks I start again at my toes. Usually I'm out in twenty minutes. ..The sleep app tells me I wake up every twenty minutes to roll around and fight my pillows. I'm chatty in my sleep as well. ..About once a week I just can't sleep. It pisses me off. If I lay there for more than an hour because my mind decides it wants to scream about some cockamamie nonsense I Reclaim (punish) my body by going for a run. I hate running. It's painful in every joint and muscle. It's usually cold or hot or rainy or dark or some other form of suck outside. Push on until your mind finally gives in and decides sleep is a far more pleasing option than this hellscape of asphalt and rubber and discomfort. Drink some water. Take a warm shower. Love on your body with some foam roller or oil stuff. Then try to sleep. If that doesn't work try sex or masturbation or push ups. ..Upon waking drink some water. Stretch your body. And get on with your day  cause you got shit to do. ..No boozin! ....
Depending on how far gone you were sleep will come...It took me about 2.5 weeks to start sleeping 2 to 3 hours a night.  I was thankful getting 4...After about a month I was sleeping like a log 8 hours straight.  Then waking up feeling rested ready to take on the day...Your just going through the hard stuff.
I don't know if anyone will read this or agree but GHB is a godsend for this exact issue. It reacts horribly with alcohol because it works in the same receptors. It is also not as addictive physically or mentally as benzos. Not medical advice but I've gotten sober from 25-30+ drink a day benders(months of it) cold turkey with it several times. I wait until I feel like I'm going to shake myself to death or my heart is going to explode (usually around bed time) then take a very small dose. It definitely makes it easier I can't do the weening off thing of a beer an hour just never worked. They use it in some countries for DTs. 
I had a lot of trouble getting restful sleep for like the first 2 weeks. I used alcohol to self medicate anxiety so my body had gotten pretty used to having alcohol to fall asleep (er I mean pass out) everynight. I started establishing a bed time routine- it works for my kids and guess what it works for big people too! Have some tea brush (and floss!) my teeth read a book (not on a screen) and then lights out. Having a bedtime routine helps communicate to your brain that its time to get ready for sleep. It takes a bit for the routine to work but soon you'll get a great nights sleep and the bedtime routine may become one of your favorite times of the day- it has for me.
You're doing great. Keep at it. The sleep will come very soon. I bet within days. And you'll sleep like a rock. ..Right now your body is just figuring itself out calming itself down and rebalancing...And my mind NEVER used to turn off and it's still pretty loud at times. It was so bad years ago while drinking I'd really considered suicide. I couldn't stop the thoughts. ..Well SO MUCH of that was intensified by the drinking. And over time I learned to view them kind of my dogs barking or me sitting on the porch and a ton of cars passing by. They're there... I just let them do their thing and no longer fight them. Seems to calm me. ..Good luck. Again you're doing great.  :-)
I was right there with you my friend for a whiiiile. It has gotten a bit better though so hopefully it will for you too. I got some herbal/sleepytime teas (I love the Trader Joe's Ginger Turmeric tea too!) and sometimes I just had to resort to some Tylenol PMs because I had shit to do the next day. Also Melatonin but results varied it seemed with that. I hope you stick with it I did and things are getting better day by day. I will not drink with you today!
Melatonin. 1 MG should do it. About an hour or so before your usual bedtime. ..12 days no booze and every night is getting better and better. So many dreams and quality REM sleep. 
The gym helps keep me knocked out.  Otherwise I was up every few hours with all this energy.
