-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pwpnc/6_months_today/

On July 9th I hit rock bottom. On July 11th I took my last drink. Alcohol enabled me to make progressively worse decisions that almost ruined my entire life. ..I've been drinking regularly from 15 to 26. Just to get out of my head I guess. I've had issues with depression and anxiety maybe even OCD and I just hated myself and always thought negatively and worried. Alcohol was a good temporary solution for that. ..Turns out alcohol doesn't remove the bad stuff though it only puts them away like a high-interest loan and we all pay our dues sometime. ..In the middle of college I drank more and more and more as I was all alone and in a long distance relationship. I made some very stupid mistakes and drank even more to forget them. I drank a handle in a day once I think. I was at a handle every 2 or 3. I just drank. I was miserable and I thought my criminal record (just some small time weed charges) meant I could never get a real job so I had no future. ..By this time every emotion was tied with an instant impulse to drink. Sad? Drink. Happy? Drink. Thinking about me? Drink. Drinking? Drink. Everything was stopped by "Drink". I was negative cynical depressed anxious and drinking all the time. ..July 2017 I made a mistake that almost cost me my relationship and to show I was committed to changing I quit alcohol. It was really hard because I didn't know how to deal. In the retro lens of sobriety I saw how much I was addicted to alcohol and how much it cost me. ..I wish I never made those mistakes. I wish I was sober and dorky instead of drunk and miserable. It's like alcohol was my identity and hobby. ..I haven't had a drink since then. I didn't drink at my best friend's wedding not even when they were passing around an $800 bottle of scotch. I didn't drink at my own wedding. I didn't drink on my own honeymoon even though beer is cheaper than water in Germany. I didn't drink during some of the most emotionally turbulent weeks of my adult life. ..Some of my friends were surprised I "thought" I was an alcoholic because I never went full hulk-smash rage mode or anything like that. That's not me. My struggle was always internal. Even if I "had it together" and had a good life alcohol was still pacing to kill me. Maybe for a long time I wanted it to. ..Alcohol granted me momentary reprieves from my struggles but it was all pay-day loans. It enabled my worst self destructive and shameful behavior. ..So for a while it was really easy but I hit a rough patch 1 months ago almost a breakdown and it's hard again. All my problems didn't magically go away with sobriety instead they surfaced in a sometimes major way. All my blackout memories and alcohol-repressed mistakes are coming back so loud in my mind. I cried for the first time in years. I'm on a rollercoaster of emotion and shame and anxiety. My mind is haunting me with some of my darkest fears...But I don't need alcohol to deal with it. My GP says he could put me on anti depressants but I don't want that either. I'm going to try and get to a psychologist and talk about these things. I've been meditating and running and eating healthy. ..I love you guys. This is a new account since I regularly delete accounts but this place was critical for me. I actually bumped into this sub months before I hit rock bottom and a little voice in my head knew it was for me. ..The most important thing in the world to me is my relationship with my wife and (me on) alcohol almost destroyed it. She is all the good in my life. ..I won't drink with you today. I'm done destroying myself. Time to put in the hard work. I'll learn to love myself.  ..Thanks guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ay congrats 
Yay! I just passed 6 months myself. Alcohol is all pay day loans indeed. With about the same interest rate   Congrats on 6 months and a great relationship with your wife! That's a precious thing you have. 
Thanks man...Moved to southern Oregon after dropping out of  school four years ago to start a cannabis farm....incrementally of course. Started with 18 plants and gradually expanded as business allowed. ..I was in early 20s when I moved out here and started drinking because life was so swell. Started drinking a lot and then drinking when life was hard and then it spiraled from there. ..Not having people to keep me accountable and basically having the days to do as I please provided a environment where my alcoholism could fester. ..Eventually I would begin using other drugs while boozing and making horrible decisions such as drinking and driving. ..Basically I was sick and tired of being hungover all the time. Idk if I set out to put the plug in the jug forever but I've hit the sobriety ground running and hopefully I can make it through each day and not look back. It's been tough but my overall outlook on life is better and that is what living is all about...A happy 6 months to you m8. And I hope for another 6 months for us both. 
