-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pwqca/job_interview_nervous_but_not_overwhelmed/

It's a symptom of life improving after time off of the drink. In the day I'd be crawling out of my skin overcome with stress and worry...Today I'm going into this with a realistic view. I'll still be nervous- these kinds of life events are meant to be trying. But I feel I won't be overwhelmed by the situation. I know I'll be able to look people in the eye. I won't be a unsteady sweaty hot mess...If I get the job I won't go get blitzed in celebration. If I don't get the job I won't get hammered to drown my sorrows. In either of these cases booze would have a dampening affect on either emotion. It would be unreal. Sober perspective allows me to soak in actual feelings be it good or bad. The drink amplifies strong emotion then the aftereffect is one of confusion denial of reality and attempts by the befuddled mind to bend reality until it becomes more acceptable. Then more drink naturally. A cycle of delusion...I won't drink with you today but instead send out well wishes to those struggling with the hellish merry go round. Let's get out there and improve our lives and start living for real.  
----------immediate responses--------

You've got a great attitude.  Congrats on your 105 days and good luck on the interview.  No matter what happens you are a winner!!
That's such a great post! And I hope the job interview goes well - and continues your upwards and onwards path :).
Good luck! I did a 6 month job hunt last year and though it was extremely trying I came out at a better company with a 25% raise in a nicer area of the country. Keep hammering and trying and don't overlook /r/jobs as a resource. I don't know about you but work was definitely a trigger for me before and getting away from that pressure cooker it was pretty integral for a sober me.
I actually just finally got a job after not working for a while. I'm a college student but 22 so I can't really ask my parents for money anymore. When I was chugging vodka daily getting and holding a part time job seemed like a task that would never happened. Once I started slowing down my drinking and trying to control it I landed this job. It's not overly difficult but work is work you know. I finally have money for my own expenses which is nice. Alcohol really holds back a lot 
