-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7py76h/day_1_and_scared/

Today is day 1. I've been here before. ..I've never really confessed to anyone about how I want to quit. Mostly because I'm scared they won't believe me. I haven't even told my husband. I've said things in the past like  I should take a break  or  thinking about quitting for a while  but I've never flat out said to him or anyone in my life that I want to stop drinking altogether...I'm afraid they won't take me seriously and won't believe I have a problem with alcohol because I don't look like a stereotypical drunk. On the outside I just look like a regular person who likes to have drinks just like everyone else...But I know that I do have a problem with it. I don't like how it makes me feel how it's taken a hold of me and how it turns me into someone I'm not. I hate feeling unproductive when nursing a hangover how I say stupid things how I think I'm better than everyone else how I get anxious about when to have the next drink. ..Has anyone else struggled with telling their family they want to quit? ..I don't doubt they'd be supportive I'm very lucky to have a supporting family. I'm afraid they won't take me seriously that's all.
----------immediate responses--------

As long as you take yourself seriously  that's a good place to be. .Not drinking with you today 
I agree with u/piercer_99!  ..You've described me to a T with your post.  I don't look like I drink to much.  Heck most of the time it doesn't look like I drink too much.  But I was drinking daily usually 4-5 drinks every weeknight (more on weekends) feeling tired most of the time and saying stupid things on the days I had too much.  If I'm going to say something stupid I'd like to remember it from start to finish not pieced together when I can't sleep at night.  ..So remember you are doing this for you.  I'll share that I have to remind my husband not to offer me a drink.  I have to be pretty firm too because he doesn't think I have a problem.
Maybe it might help to move the focus away from proving the problem is big enough to merit a change. It doesn't have to be a hitting bottom situation to want to quit. I found this post helpful and maybe you will too http://www.lauramckowen.com/blog/2017/4/15/am-i-an-alcoholic.Also reading This Naked Mind which you can get for free on the sidebar. Good luck IWNDWYT 
Has your husband or other family members mentioned anything about your drinking ?  Even subtle comments that may not seem like much?  If so they may already suspect there is an issue but don't want to bring it up. When I told my wife I needed to stop drinking for good it came as no surprise to her even though she was probably only aware of half of what I drank. I was a highly functional alcoholic and worked really hard at hiding it...This is a commitment to yourself. To improve your health both physically and mentally. To improve your relationships with others in your life. Even if they don't think (or want to believe) you have a problem there should be no reason why they wouldn't support your commitment self improvement. Just my experience; while my wife is supportive she has no clue what I'm dealing with since she's never been a drinker. Things like SD and talking to professionals have really helped me this time. I have yet to attend a live meeting but plan on going soon. ..Day 1's are scary. I along with many others have had multiple. Stay strong. I will not drink with you today. ..
