-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pz5wd/on_wednesday_night_with_11days_under_my_belt_i/

Story time:..I left work at 5pm and the thoughts of a drink were popping up and nagging incessantly.  I just couldn't shake them however hard I tried to keep myself occupied.  The  voice' in my head kept on trying to convince me that I needed to  socialize' and of course the  only' way I know how is to go to the bar.  Also right on cue the  voice' would tell me  This time will be different.  This time I'll be responsible.  If I stay in I'll be missing out on something great!'..I managed to fight these thoughts until about 9pm when I finally decided to go for a  walk.'..I made a promise to myself family and friends that I would stop drinking for one year.   An entirely clean 2018.'  A lofty goal I know but this isn't my first rodeo and I needed to do something drastic.  I'm sick of my bullshit.  If I don't do something now I'm going to deprive myself of a future...I've recently taken an interest in podcasting so as I was walking down the street almost a spectator of the struggle between the voice of reason and the voice of chaos I decided to record a segment to document what I was going through.  Got about ten minutes down.  I kept walking.  ..About 20 minutes down the road I decided to play back the recording.  The struggle was real.  There were strong arguments from both sides.  We all know how convincing the  voice' can be.  Something I said in the recording really caught me:  I said something to the effect that I felt guilty that if I give in and get this drink I will be letting my loved ones and myself down.  This thought scared me.  I thought about work the next morning.  I thought about how great it would be to have that first drink.  I thought about how less great it would be to have to deal with deciding to have a ninth.  No matter however as I kept on trucking. ..At 11pm (a long walk I know) I ended up at a bustling pub on karaoke night.  I went to the washroom.  I listened to the singers.  I flipped through the book.  I thought about a drink to  calm my nerves' and  get the courage' to go on stage.  I sat down.  A very lovely young woman was singing beautifully  Somebody to Love' which I found ironic at the time even though it's a common karaoke favourite.  She performed a great rendition and received a deserved round of applause.  ..Next up was a  fired-up' redhead who  sang'  Sweet Child of Mine' which is sung at EVERY SINGLE BAR IN THE UNIVERSE on karaoke night.  She was enthusiastic.  I'll give her that.  She was having fun.  All the power to her.  ..Something happened.  I'm not sure what exactly though two days later having thought about it I'm piecing it together.  ..I got up and I left.  ..I felt the most satisfying relief I've ever felt in my life as I walked towards the bus stop.  The tension I was feeling up to that point almost melted away.  I beat it this time.  I don't think I've ever beaten it in this circumstance before.  I am deeply thankful for that.  The next day tenfold.  ..Here's what I think happened:..This isn't the first time I've tried to quit boozing.  It's been eighteen years of  functional' and  disfunctional' alcoholism.  I've become more familiar with the persuasion tactics the  voice' uses ever-evolving as they are.  I think I truly have an honest desire to quit now.  Lately I've been facing the issues that bother me instead if trying to drown them in drink.  My family and friends are fully supportive of a sober me.  I can't be thankful enough for that.  Also the techniques I've learned from recovery programs in the past played a big role here.  Without that knowledge and experience I'm not sure I would have made it out of there.  Listening to myself on the recording got the right gears turning.  It's almost as if I was using the same tactic that the  voice' uses against it.  It's rather difficult to explain but essentially I managed to get enough  doubt' in my brain that provided the path for the voice of reason to win.  ..Today is day fourteen.  It's going to feel great to wake up tomorrow morning without a debilitating three day hangover but instead with two whole weeks of sobriety for which to be grateful...I will not drink with you today.  ....TLDR:  Went to the bar and managed to leave unscathed after 15 minutes.  Turns out I wasn't  missing' anything.  Recording and listening to my thoughts as well as using recovery program techniques kept me sober.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Great job choosing to leave without a drink I don't think I could have done that. Do you feel with the lessons you learned by thinking through the events of that might that you will be able to stop your from even going to the bar in the future? 
love this post. not many people would go to a bar in that state but i'm glad it worked for you. keep it going!! IWNDWYT!
Congrats...IWNDWYT
Be careful wandering into bars. Eventually that voice will win if you keep giving it the opportunity 
