-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q17xn/been_silent_for_a_while/

proud to say I'm still on the sober path. I just find it easier to not think about anything alcohol related unless its forcing its way in my mind already. 54 days doesn't feel like its been that long. after the first week it seems like time just flies by aside from that dark day 26 days ago when I was on the edge. ..some updates: still hitting the gym 3-4 times a week. makes me want to smoke less as well. kicked my energy drink replacement for the most part except for days I have a bad craving. I did have a struggle for the past few days though. the scale not moving much since I dropped the whopping 2100 calorie intake I had from booze alone(I calculated it) kinda sucks... but the big struggle I had was the call I got from my school the other day. one of my core classes was cancelled due to low enrollment. this class is only offered during the spring and I am set to graduate this semester as well. I kept a cool head though I didn't go to the store for booze or stay brooding. I did something about it. so I get the class although its "self study" whatever that is...staying strong and not drinking with you tonight. about to go to the gym and look forward to hitting day 60!
----------immediate responses--------

Doing great! Keep on moving. I will not drink with you tonite
Glad you are here! And proud you are still sober...
Wow you sound so good. In no time your classes will get going and you will be graduating. Congratulations on all of your hard work!
Congratulations on choosing to do something productive about your class situation instead of boozing and brooding.  As a recent drink-stopper it is helpful to me to hear about other's lives settling into an alcohol-free rhythm.  This sub is very helpful to me right now but I don't want to think about alcohol or its lack for the rest of my life.  But for now devouring others' stories is keeping me occupied and for that I thank you.
Excellent work. You got this. IWNDWYT 
Keep up with the gym.  Helped me out a ton and I still go daily 
