-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q2f8w/getting_honest/

I have had an increasing amount of thoughts about drinking over the last week and they last longer than usual. Over the past two years or so they would be fleeting but I have entertained them more recently. I had almost 8 years sober from 2008 to 2015 before I relapsed. I have put together almost two years again and it was much more difficult this time. Luckily I have been talking with my sponsor and some other people in my network about these thoughts and don't feel like I'm hiding or telling a lie but tonight has sucked. I read this sub all the time given advice and shared hope but it would be nice to hear from others tonight. I'm not going to drink tonight and I'm extremely grateful for that..
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry you are struggling tonight. I don't have has many days as you but I have recently had some of the invasive thoughts creep in. The first few months felt easier than I expected it to be. Probably a honeymoon phase of sorts. Now I gets thoughts about how I might be able to moderate because I've  cleaned out the system.  You know I am feeling so healthy and strong clearly I am not the sad sack I was 6 months ago. All I can do is play the tape forward and try to remember how bad I felt then and the only reason I feel healthy is because I am sober. And that drinking will undo it. Maybe not with one slip but I know one slip will turn to two and then three and next thing I know I am vomiting in my shower feeling to sick to go to work but have called in too many times the last few weeks so I have to rally even though I might still be legally too drunk to drive to work. That's the tape I watch the most.
My life as a sober person is far from perfect and there is much work to be done. But I am very grateful as well that I will not drink tonight and hence give myself the opportunity to work on myself and my life. I'm far from being an expert and you're probably more experienced then me in this battle but I would say that recognizing these thoughts is a good thing - it's perhaps a signal that you need to make certain adjustments to your approach to your plan. I wish you the best hang in there.   
The battle is never over.I started again after 10 years of sobriety.Now I am starting over with sobriety.The only thing I can suggest is to think hard about what it was like when you drank.You don't  want to return to that.I lied to myself and said I could control it.I can't  and never will be able to.Im a alcoholic.Life is better not drinking.Stay strongyou can do this.You were strong enough to quit hang in there.I will not drink with you tonight
Just to say my thoughts are with you. You have incredible internal strength and reserves as well and external supports. You can get through this. 
I with just a bit over 4 months sober have been struggling a bit. I thing once we reach a point that we no longer remember what brought us to the point of wanting to stop drinking the mind starts to say hey you can have just one or two to celebrate...I just have to realize one drink can take me back to the lowest points in my life and the fact that I don't want to live that way again...  
Thanks for sharing your story. Great work on being honest that's awesome. Is there something about this time of year or something going on in your life right now that is contributing to drinking being in your thoughts? I'm only very new into being serious about my sobriety but my main reasons were for avoidance and for alleviating boredom so I'm trying really hard to be more comfortable with my boredom and being more real with myself that avoidance will make my problems worse. It sucks when your irrational reptile brain just doesn't want to listen though. Hope you're hanging in there!
