-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q8t0v/one_year/

Today is 365 Days sober for me. I've used this sub on some of the darker days and it's always been incredibly helpful. It's always nice to see how we have each other's back through the struggle that sobriety can be...The first few months were somewhat hard. I do work in a very popular bar where I bartend more often than not. At the height of my drinking I was having 6-7 shots of whisky a shift and then maybe another 6-7 drinks after a good five days a week. And the other two drinking but  lightly  for me. Maybe 4-5. I was a mess. Mentally I was pretty depressed and I hated myself for the situation I continued to live in. Last year I just decided I had enough. It was time to change...Everyone has been really cool and accepting of my personal choice to stay sober. A fear I had going into this was that I would be perceived oddly or not understood. But people have generally been pretty great. ..I've lost some  friends  but reinforced relationships with people who actually care about me and matter. My worth life has improved. I've been promoted twice at work and received  a 60% raise. My bank acct looks great. I've got an investment portfolio. I'm looking to the future while living for today...The last year I participated in 6 half marathons and 14 other various races for different causes. I'm more mindful of my intake of food and how I spend my time. I've been able to travel more and took three trips around the country last year. A few days ago I met one of my heroes Henry Rollins because I can afford VIP tix to pretty much anything I'm interested in. Not being broke is pretty great!..No longer do I wake up hung over. No longer do I curse the sun. No longer do I struggle to get out of bed. No longer ordering garbage food to  feel better  after a binder.  No longer do I curse myself for my selfish and salacious actions because of drinking too much...I feel fantastic and life has never been better. Get fighting the good fight guys. Here's to another year! 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice
  awesome I love a good story!  Happy one year birthday!   
That's awesome! Congrats on the year and thanks for sharing. ..I will not drink with you today
Amazing turnaround. How difficult was fighting temptation is the beginning while working at a bar?..Stories such as yours give me so much fuel to push forward. Thanks so much for sharing! 
Congratulations!
AMAZING!!!!!! CONGRATS!!!!!
"No longer do I curse the sun" - if anyone ever writes a song about new-found sobriety - this needs to be a lyric..Sounds like you've got you life back on track - great job! 
Damn dude. You're killin' it.  Nice going.  Happy One Year!
congratulations 
That is just so cool
Fantastic post- your progression of growth is the big why for me and this is a great reminder.  Congratulations on your 1st soberversary.
Congratulations 
Well done! Huge milestone!
Congratulations and thank you for sharing! I too have a fear of being ostracized from old friends who I admittedly had a lot of fun drinking with but I know that true friends will be supportive and the rest can... well they can fuck off. I'm in this for me and I see a better future just like you've realized. Thank you for showing us the way. 
