-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qagzo/two_days_might_as_well_be_another_world/

I woke up today and for the first time in months I woke up and realized I didn't have a hangover. I got out of bed... I wasn't dizzy. I didn't throw up. Nothing hurt. ..I went to our window and saw the sun rising over the hills and... I felt rested. ..My wife made me coffee and I drank it and didn't throw up. She rubbed my shoulder just before the kids got up and said "I'm proud of you." ..We went to the beach... we went to the park. I had energy! I wasn't just fighting off sickness and fog. I could actually think and do things. ..After so many relapses today I finally realized how much I hate alcohol and how much of a grip it had over me. I lost years and thousands of dollars to that stupid drug. ..Never again. ..Tonigth. I will NOT drink with you and I'll toast you with the Pellegrino I have on the table. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's amazing work it's stories like yours that keep me going
Oh I love your post! After many many tries- today I will begin Day 2 and I hear you completely on the night and day difference. And the anger we feel towards that stupid drug that stole years from us. No more. I won't drink with you today either. And keep up the awesome work!
NOT being hungover is a great way to start the day! ..I will not drink with you today
Today is a damn good day to not drink.  I am 2 months in now and call report to you with certainty...  it keeps getting better and better.
Sober mornings are the best! Bravo!
Being present for my family and life in general is the best feeling!! 
Congratulations!  Keep at it.  This Naked Mind helped me change my attitude and thinking about alcohol...look it up if you haven't yet.  It only gets better!  Being sober is awesome!.I will not drink with you today!
So happy for you! ..Saturday morning I woke up and I couldn't help but smile today I woke up and I couldn't help but smile! :)
Good stuff!Having a supportive partner is a huge help.I will not drink with you today.
Well done many good things in your post!  Here's a toast to you with my coffee and I'll not drink with you today!
Sounds lovely! I look forward to it.
Stick with it.  The feeling you describe is one that doesn't go away and is one you will never tire of.
'Stupid drug' amen to that
Well done lovely post one day at a time!
I have found that the key to my success in sobriety is the feeling of hatred towards the drink and what it caused my life to become. When I was relapsing it was like a bad relationship that you just want to fix with someone you still love. This time there was absolutely no love left and no point in returning. Hang onto that if you got it. It helped me. 
Keep those feelings fresh. I try to remind myself every day. And enjoy many more sober weekends!..IWNDWYT
Of all the drugs I've tried alcohol is the worst and most addictive.  IWNDWYT
I'll be drinking Pellegrino with you tonight! Congratulations on your decision. Great Job!.
everyone's got plans to get sober and even more to Stay sober.  please make a plan don't go back brotherman!
