-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qcq62/i_am_a_binge_drinker_and_a_liar/

I am a 26F who is a binge drinker. ..I managed to do 16 days without drinking or smoking. .Then after a difficult university exam I felt the overpowering urge to drink and went to the pub. But I cant just stop after a couple I ended up powering through endless amounts of strong alcohol on an empty stomach and made the biggest fool of myself so much in fact I am dreading seeing people who saw me out that night...I end up snogging random guys which pains me because I truly have a wonderful partner and I am TERRIFIED I am going to lose him. My mother died from alcoholism and I am fighting every day to not become her. ..Every day is a struggle and I'm sick of being ashamed of myself. .
----------immediate responses--------

You might be both of those things but right now you're being honest with yourself. That is a great start. I'm only two weeks in but I feel so much better about myself I never want to drink again. ..Let's both just go one day at a time. Shall we?
It's important to remember that that's a version of you that exists certainly but it only exists when alcohol is in the equation. There's another whole world to who you are in your entirety deep within. She can be found...I am a 27/F binge drinker as well. I drink to black out and I get picked up by cops frequently and/or yell at my boyfriend. WHEN I drink...I've finally chosen to let go of that version of myself. I'm not many days sober yet but I had the rock bottom hit and I'm saying 'fuck you alcohol. You're not me.'..And honestly I haven't even paid attention to how many days I've been sober because I've been trying to focus on who it is I am rediscovering me what I like what I stand for. I would choose sober me any day...I will not drink with you today :)
Hang in there don't beat yourself up. Tomorrow is a new fresh day. Stay strong. We are here for you. 
My mother died of alcoholism as well. I'm around your age stop now or face the same fate. Not to scare you but it's the truth. It may not come today or even for decades but it will come. I lost my girlfriend of five years from alcoholism but today I've got a much more supportive girlfriend that i live with. I've embarrassed myself around LOTS of people and trust me the ones that don't want anything to do with you afterwards aren't worth being in your life anyway. The same applies to your partner. Rock bottom is MUCH further down than you think. Life is so much better now that I've been sober for awhile. Don't regret the past don't dread the future live in TODAY.
On the contrary to what a few others have said to you in this thread.. (Though with the best intentions..)..You *ARE* that person deep down. *WE ALL ARE*. It's important to realise that under the respectable *us* there's somebody who'd like nothing more than to ruin everything. I think that being told "That drunk person is *not* you." Detracts greatly from the responsibility of sobering up or improving in general. In order to change fully (I've found from experience) you *NEED* to own up to your failures and *Not* place the blame on some phantom. ..By posting here you've proven to yourself (and everybody who reads the thread) that you *want* to change and that you take responsibility for your own poor choices while drunk. That's a huge step. Well done!..I won't be drinking with you today. 
Another binge drinker here - 31/M - and I know exactly what you feel...My own escapades catalogued here if you need to know you are not the only one: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kfeym/i_guess_i_dont_have_it_under_control_long_post/...Otherwise just want to say that you are not the sum of your behaviour - you are a real person with deep meaningful choices to make. Alcohol is a drug it messes with your mind and makes you betray yourself. Saying no is a choice to be a different version of you - a version who never has to feel this way EVER again...I'm working on that journey now after an additional 5 years of broken promises bad memories wasted time and shattered feelings. What a waste that was for me...Welcome to the sub - shout out to us here if you ever need support or practical advice...And I will not drink with you today.
I am a binge drinker when I drink as well. When I am sober I binge on La Croix. IWNDWYT
I am new here. Please can you tell me what 27/F means. Is it alcohol free days ?
I am roughly the same age and binge drinking ruined everything good I had. Lost my husband then a great boyfriend friends relationships dignity etc. I am restarting quitting as of yesterday and I know that sober life is the only life that is going anywhere for me. Alcoholism runs in my family and I should have known better and stopped sooner. When I decided no more there was a lure of "oh but just one more my last drink then I'm done". But that wasn't realistic for me because one drink doesn't even get me buzzed and I know I'd have to drink almost a pint to get wasted enough to think I'd had "enough". So I just decided to turn away from the liquor store yesterday. I've had enough too. Stay strong. 
Another binge drinker here.  Sending understanding and support your way.
I'm the same age and my Mom died from alcoholism too and I don't want to be her...I assume you probably had a similar childhood. ..Look back on being a kid and her dying way before her time. Really really reflect on her life and if that is the route you want for yourself...Because those fates will be ours if we don't alter our direction..
Others have said it already but I want to echo again that being honest with yourself is such a courageous and difficult thing to do! Anytime I've drank after a period of sobriety I try to take it as a lesson. Failure is only when there is a period at the end of something :). I won't drink with you today! 
