-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qd3et/watching_a_friend_struggle/

I have a friend who is struggling with his drinking. His wife has been talking to me since I went dry trying to get advice. We have been hanging out more than normal the past 2 months because he stopped drinking... his wife told me about that. He hasn't mentioned it so I let it be. ..His wife and kid are out of town this weekend. Him and my husband had plans for yesterday morning when my husband called to discuss the plan on Friday night our friend told him he was having a few drinks. My husband then says "oh are you gonna feel like shit in the morning then?" Our friend laughed it off "you sound like my wife it'll be fine". ..He showed up an hour late yesterday morning groaning about his hangover. "I'm done with that shit" he said. I took this as my queue to say encouraging things about sobriety like "the first 3 months were really difficult for me but you get used to it" and "waking up hangover free really never gets old". He said that drinking just isn't worth it anymore and that he's really done this time. ..A few hours later he ran home for a tool they needed for their project. He came back with the remaining 5 beers of a 12 pack from the night before. "I needed some hair of the dog. You'll be doing me a favor if you help me finish these" he said to my husband. My husband did not drink any but the beers were finished. ..I am so sad for my friend. His wife is going to be pissed when she's back in town... I'm sure she'll call me. I am **so grateful** that I am not stuck in that cycle any longer. Booze is the worst. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh. That sounds dreadful. The cycle of denial is fresh in my mind. Cannot be an easy thing to witness. ..
Recently I read the quote "I am powerless over alcohol no matter who is drinking it." So true.
So strange.  We go from oh I'll be fine to I'm hungover and never drinking again to drinking again mere hours later.  Yup went through that over and over again.  For me to get sober I had to want to not drink more than anything else.  I had to have a reason too.  Your friend is deep in the bottomless pit.     
