-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qe3p1/my_heart_broke_today/

EDIT: I was in the ER yesterday (unrelated to alcohol as far as I can tell) and hit my time of the month today - forgive me if this is overly emotional it's been a tough few days)..This'll be long. Still I hope someone will read it...First things first: my parents are great people and I'm lucky to have them. I also know people aren't mind-readers and I'm not blaming anyone for what happened (or what didn't)...This morning played out like something out of a story. All the right things happened. The plot progressed as it does. And then real life dropped back in and the illusion was lost...I'm agnostic - I think there might be a god but we can't really know for sure. My parents are Christian and go to a chill accepting non-denominational church. I went with them at Christmas just because. Heard while I was there that there was going to be a service about addiction soon - specifically about alcoholism...That was today. ..The more theist side of me thought that maybe this was it I was being called to this service this is for me. Weeks ago I kinda set it up with my folks in a bullshit sort of way - "Oh yeah you know that Christmas service was pretty good. I might join ya at another one soon." That way they didn't think I was coming because I'm an alcoholic...See I'm a private person. I have a good relationship with my parents but there's also a lot I keep to myself. ..It's been about a year and a half since I lived with them (I'm 25) and back then there were a few instances where I accidentally left the vodka bottle visible or ran into something or fell asleep in the tub (?) so I suspect they either think I have a problem or think I HAD a problem...I work fulltime. I live alone. I've never been in an accident. I don't drive drunk. I only drink in the evenings. I'm your standard High Functioning Alcoholic . Maybe they think I got better I don't know...Anyway the service. ..They open by playing a slower more somber version of [this song by Pink](https://youtu.be/KSNgbdTdb4w?t=168). ..Right after the words:.."broken down in agony just trying to find a friend"..my dad very obviously nudges me with his knee...I ignored it wrote it off as an accidental twitch. I didn't want to think it was a hint a physical manifestation of "hey I'm here for you if you need someone" or whatever. My dad was an alcoholic too so he would want to help. I know that. ..But the fact that he's had this problem before is a big part of the reason I've struggled to tell him. I don't want him to picture his only daughter in that dark downward spiral. I don't want to break his heart...The service went on and I couldn't stop thinking about that nudge. ..If he already knows then I wouldn't be breaking his heart. ..If he already knows it would be a RELIEF for him to hear me admit I need help right? ..Maybe this is God inviting me to finally speak up. The service is all about how you can't do this shit alone after all...They end the service with a really emotional song and I'm sitting there crying silently. I have never felt so vulnerable in my life and it was perfect. It was freeing. I was so aware of my guard completely dropping almost of its own accord. I was bare and I was gonna do it. I was picturing just turning to my dad right there and saying "I can't be alone with it anymore" and him wrapping his arms around me. ..I actually smiled because in that moment I felt like things were gonna be okay. I didn't feel sad or broken I felt light and happy even though I was still teary-eyed...By the time the song ends I know what I'm gonna say. I get a hold of myself as we're leaving and in the little corridor between the church and the lobby I ask my dad "Hey what were you nudging me about at the beginning?" and I'm 99% sure this is the moment of truth...He tells me there was a typo on the lyrics screen - and he's completely sincere about it. He's not bullshitting. It's worth mentioning at this point that I'm a writer and so he does occasionally point out stuff like this because he thinks I'm a grammar nazi...Oh...Well okay. ..It's fine maybe he'll figure it out. I mean isn't that a weird little thing for your daughter to remember after that emotional service? I even said "Oh I thought it was something a little more meaningful" and he didn't seem to pick up on it...But this is the opposite of how this works. We're supposed to think we HIDE it well meanwhile the people around us really already know we have a problem...Here in my case I've all but accepted the fact that people probably have an idea about my alcoholism but choose to keep quiet because they know I'm a guarded person and I would just get defensive anyway...Now I'm confronted with the fact that maybe they really don't know...? That my own father who struggled with alcohol doesn't see it?..My folks are talking to some friends in the lobby. I walk away and lean against a pillar and proceed to nope out of life for the next few minutes. At one point I make eye contact with my dad then he's back to laughing with his friends. ..Fuck were we at the same service? ..Do you see it? ..I WANT you to see it! I want you to see me! Finally goddamn it my walls are down and I want you to come in...Dad and Mom wrap things up with their buddies and invite me out to breakfast. I'm so crestfallen at this point that I actually feel sick but I agree... because maybe it's coming. Maybe they just didn't want to go there in such a public place...They go to their car. I go to mine and sob for five minutes before leaving the parking lot get it together again and meet them for breakfast. ..Nothing happened. We didn't talk about the service at all...Jesus it didn't even have to be about the service. Just an "are you okay?" or a sincere "how are you?" honestly would have been enough. I would have been able to say it. I never got the chance...You guys I have never ever come remotely close to actually telling my parents (my dad specifically because I know he would be supportive and great and because he used to struggle with alcohol) about my alcohol problem. With the way things happened today I was about to. I was fully committed. I was so convinced that that nudge during THAT PART OF THE SONG was him letting me know he was there for me if I needed a friend...I do need a friend...But now I'm even less convinced that he actually KNOWS. I thought he of all people would know since I've slipped up while I still lived there since he's found a vodka bottle once or twice since I've gained weight over the last few years. But he truly didn't seem aware at all...The fact that I came to THAT SERVICE should have been an indicator if nothing else. But even without that... I thought we weren't as good at hiding our problems as we thought? Everyone always saying "yeah you think you hide it but he/she probably knows you have an issue" and I was so sure that was the case...But if he doesn't know then I'm even further away from confiding in him than I was before I got out of bed this morning...And this is only a secondary effect but I'm definitely leaning towards the atheist side of agnosticism right now. If there's a god why did things happen so perfectly only for it to be nothing? For it to leave me feeling even worse? Whatever faith I might have had is gone. ..I was so close. It's like the universe played a fucking joke on me...Welp you got me...I regret going to that service. I've felt a silent sense of solidarity with my dad for quite a while now thinking that he knows but is just waiting for me to say something thinking that in his head he's there for me but just doesn't want to pry. ..I KNOW how stupid that sounds I know I was probably projecting but... it really made me feel a little less alone with this you know?..Now I realize that quiet foundation was a figment of my imagination that the sense of togetherness was one-sided. That he has no idea...I've never felt more alone in my life than when I was standing in the lobby and he moseyed off to chat and laugh with people...I just... I thought he knew. I thought it was time to come clean and let him in...I don't want to be alone with this anymore but I feel so profoundly alone...TL;DR: Was overcome with relief because I was 100% about to admit to my Dad that I need help having known for a while that he very likely already knew about my problem. Found out he didn't have any idea lost the sense of support I thought was there and lost any shred of spiritual faith I might have had. Things would be better if I literally hadn't gotten out of bed this morning.
----------immediate responses--------

All through this it sounds as if you believe your parents love and care for you and that if you came clean with them they would be there for you...That's how it was yesterday. It still is today and it will be when you have the strength to tell them you need them...You're not alone. 
You are not alone!  You could never break your father's heart by telling him.  Not telling him and you relapsing and hurting yourself or something worse would be the thing that would break his heart.  I told a good friend of mine about my struggle this past week and he literally had no idea.  Sometimes we think to hard about it and all the outcomes when we just should say what is on our minds.  .Good luck with whatever decision you make.  .IWNDWYT!
Morning.  There's a lot to unpack here.  There is your relationship with your Dad your wider family your (maybe) god alcohol your self and your internal voice.  I have been in a similar situation and I found talking to a counsellor (GP referred me to a psychologist) who helped me step through all of these to be immensely beneficial.  Having a professional assist with guiding suggesting and challenging one's own thought can be very liberating.  Courage to you on your journey ahead and congratulations for your sobriety to date.
If you need help and have someone who will help let them!  He can't help if he doesn't know. He may suspect but is waiting for you to talk to him about it. Or he may not know because you've hidden it so well. Either way you're right he isn't a mind reader. Just tell him! 
I can't tell what is the right or wrong thing to do but I can tell about my own relationship with my own adult kids.I would probably not be the 1st to see and admit that my kids had an addiction problem because frankly it's a difficult thing to do with someone you have raised.It is quite possible I would be blind to it.I would also really hope that if they did have an addiction issue that they would tell me so I could help them in any way I could.2  WEEKS AGO I told my kids I was an alcoholic and was greeted with love and support.I would want to repay that love back if they needed the help.I think your parents would as well.Best wishes in what ever you do
Being a Alcoholic himself he knows all too well that telling another Alcoholic they have a problem if they do not see it as a problem it will fall on deft ears...If it where me I would tell my father I'm pretty sure he will understand what you are going through..
These are your parents they love you and opening up to them is nothing to ever be afraid of. They are here to help you and would probably do anything to make sure you are alright. Your thinking is selfless but in a way also selfish. By not admitting your feelings and alcoholism to your parents you deny them the ability to help you. Especially your father. I'm sure that a former alcoholic would rejoice at the chance to help his daughter deal with something he went through. You're denying them the pleasure of helping their daughter who needs it by not admitting and being open about your problem. If you had children would you ever want them to hide something like addiction from you because you may feel bad? 
Sending you an internet hug. I struggle with something similar. I let a friend in to my sobriety journey but when she didn't say the things I expected her to I shut down. I do this in my every day life as well - it's like I have the script in my head of how things are supposed to play out and when they don't I feel anxious frustrated and alone. My best advice (and something I'm working on) would be to not expect anything from anyone in this journey except yourself. You are the only one who can change how the script plays out. I hope this helps. I will not drink with you today my friend. 
I understand where you are. I have been there with my parents albeit not with me issues with alcohol but with my breakdown as an adult years after I was sexually assaulted as I child. I have come to realise that my mum and dad had their own demons and whilst they did their best they simply could not face the pain they would have faced by helping me.  They pretended I was ok or that I would be ok.  It took me a long time to understand that it was not a lack of love just fear.  My dad died 6 years ago and I know he loved me so much.  He was just too scared to help me.  Once I accepted that I was able to get support from people who could help.  You can do this.   
