-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qe4dt/do_you_enjoy_acting_like_a_toddler_just_have_that/

First a little background: I call myself single but in reality it's more complicated than that. So I dated a guy for about a year and a half and we broke up about 2 years ago after he had had enough of my drunken abusive episodes. A few months later we were hanging out again and have been ever since. We agreed that  dating  wasn't a good idea but we cared about each other so what it essentially became was getting back together without the official title of  boyfriend girlfriend.  The reason we were so drawn to each other was because we shared one strong mutual interest. Can you guess what it was?..So I got sober (for the most part) about 3 months ago and we continued our fauxlationship. I've been very patient with his drinking problem because well I sympathize. But today I'm finally putting my foot down and saying I've just about had enough. Last night he stayed at my place and at some point in the middle of the night he pissed in my closet and all over my clothes. My kitchen was destroyed because he was snooping around for midnight snacks. Trash and food was left out on the counter. And the worst part is this isn't the first time this has happened and he never remembers doing it because he's black out drunk. This is like the 10th time he's made a mess in my kitchen in the middle of the night. He's left my microwave and refrigerator doors open all night long. I've lost count how many times I've had to clean up his urine off my bathroom floor because of either problems with aiming or confusing the trash can/sink for the toilet. And this is at least the second time he's peed in my closet. Here's the best part: this morning he tried to blame it on my f*cking dog. My dog is fully house trained and hasn't had an accident since the first night I've brought him home. My dog has literally had fewer accidents than this 27 year old man. He has zero accountability. None. He still lives with his parents and not because he's struggling financially. In fact he makes a little more than I do. But because he just refuses to take any steps to better his life. He's pushing 30 but has the emotional maturity of a 16 year old. ..I know I sound like a judgmental bitch but the truth is I judge myself more than him for letting this go on for this long. It's time for me to move on and finally realize that I deserve better. And I share this because I've been struggling with sobriety lately and I think this is a perfect reminder of the life that's waiting for me if I ever went back. And I hope maybe this can open up someone else's eyes who's been struggling too. ..Well I'm off to continue doing my laundry and cleaning my carpets and kitchen. Have a good day SD. I SURE AS HELL will not be drinking with you all today...Edit: Oh and my fridge. He pissed in my fucking fridge too.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah. Definitely better off without that one! Good for you!
Sounds like the difference between a boy and a man. Hopefully he'll mature but drinking won't help and you'll be better off not being around it or him until he's sober..
If you are getting your stuff together being around him won't help. ..I know it is tempting to try to save people but one thing I am trying to internalise is this: We all walk the path alone each of us must make our own way and nobody is meant to be a life raft...You don't sound judgemental you sound sober and rational...Congrats on the sobriety - IWNDWYT!
I can't imagine how mad you are - but your edit has me cracking up. You poor thing cleaning piss out of your fridge!!
In the fridge!! Oh man haha. I'm sorta in the same boat with my guy. This Friday he was pretty drunk and I was sober for once. His piss was all over my bathroom floor. He was stumbling around and being loud and running into stuff all night. Made me glad I didn't drink!
