-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qibdo/whats_your_plan/

So I relapse. A lot. A piece of advice I see on here is to have a plan. What are you going to do differently? What's your plan?..I never HAVE a plan short of remembering to buy iced tea and seltzer...And to be honest I'm like this in every aspect of my life. I struggle with to-do lists and keeping to a schedule. I procrastinate everything and rely mostly on luck and anxiety to remember important things. I find it so so hard to get out of bed. As adulthood snowballed my drinking got crazy as an unhealthy way to deal with all the aforementioned discipline issues...So "what's the plan" is very hard to answer because alcohol abuse is both a problem in itself and a symptom of the other issues for me. ..Does anyone else here deal with the same planning struggle when it comes to sobreity and otherwise? I'd love to hear from you. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Until I had a plan specifically a way to fill my nights and change my routine as well as a treatment plan with my doctor I couldn't fight it either. For the first month I planned each night in 10-minute increments because that's how often the cravings came. ..Without a a plan I was at the mercy of my addicted brain. A plan really did save my life. 
Keep busy and smile and remind myself why I'm going sober for good!:)
I'm also bad with planning. I can understand that it's important to have a plan but "what's your plan" being the first question when deciding to give up drinking can also be a deterrent for me as in: *I don't have a plan so I guess I'll keep drinking until I do*. This logic has defeated my efforts more than once. Some thoughts I have concerning *the plan* approach are: (1) drinking every day creates a habitual *instant gratification* mindset which is the opposite of planning and forward thinking and (2) planning and forward thinking are best done in the absence of drinking. I know that it's going to be tough at times. I know that I will need to arm myself with many alternative mindsets and activities to change my behavior. But I'll harness logic once my head is clear. My plan today is to not drink and today that might be the best plan I can come up with.
I can definitely relate. One of the nicest things about AA is that I didn't have to come up with the plan on my own. People simply shared what had worked for them and I decided to try it for myself. It was very basic stuff like go to meetings call some other people each day to ask how they were doing look for things to be grateful for each day be willing to ask for help etc. ..I'll be damned it worked for me! 
 Got a journal...Each morning I wrote "today all I firgo is just ONE drink - The First One"..Then I went to a meeting or more than one...I made notes in my journal...Then everything started working out...I didn't try to change "everything " at first.  ..Just not have the first drink...Then I added as I got more stable.
[removed]
I'm the exact same way. I have tried to be an organized planned person my whole life and have a pile of planners notebooks hell even apps on my phone to prove it. I suck at it. Anyways I think that is part of the reason why I liked drinking so much- because it made the night unpredictable. The world was full of options. Sobriety is safe planned. I can already feel my brain being annoyed at this. I have an AA token (I don't do AA) that says Recovery is Discovery. At first that sounded lame because all I am doing is discovering being bored sober sitting on my couch. But I am trying to look at the other way.... it is unpredictable to spend a night in sober. It's an adventure. Shit I feel a craving that is a new feeling that is an adventure too. Waking up and not wanting to die is a new adventure. Having to go to a bar and drink a soda is an adventure. Not sure if that all makes sense but I guess I'm saying that plans are great and help you succeed but if you're like me you shouldn't try and get too in the nitty gritty. I plan not to drink today and then try and marvel at the new shit I get to experience even if it is crying in the shower sober at 6am. If I don't think of it like this I won't get my dopamine reward for chaos. 
I'm pretty sure I'm bad at planning and organization yeah. I accomplish things but not in an orderly way. If I have a plan for not drinking it's one I collected instead of pre-built...I started simply with the one thing that matters: Don't drink. That is enough of a plan if you think about it. That much of a plan will get you there. ..But life is complicated and the drinking mind is a conman so I need reinforcements. For me this meant reading and educating myself so I could understand my project deeply and completely. This allowed temporary mind tricks and cravings to carry much less weight than the full picture of what I was doing and why. Context. Deep ongoing context. I study addiction and the contours of healing so that the world is bigger than the tantrums of my mind...Vigilance is my method. It's not exactly a plan--to me plans feel like they exist in the future and I can't remember things that exist in the future. I can only remember to do one thing in the moment so that one thing is vigilance. ..I am always making choices based on protecting my sobriety. It's my priority based on my earlier research and contemplation which cemented the fact that I don't need to integrate sobriety into my life; I need to integrate life into my sobriety. Vigilance is all I need--I don't have to remember any other tricks but that. ..Once I'm in the space of vigilance I might take some deep breaths practice self-care have a good cry take a shower decline an invitation eat some food come to SD write down my feelings do some exercise call a friend look up a meditation meeting or take a yoga class. Within the space of vigilance I am never late and my plans are never inadequate. I'm right where I need to be with everything I need. I can make no wrong move as long as I just. don't. drink...At the end of the day this approach is both scattered and focused and it works for me. It feels like an appropriate balance for my personal constitution--between fluidity and one-pointed determination between creativity and rules. If that kind of juxtaposition resonates with you maybe you can find your own similar non-plan. :-)
