-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qig37/secretly_sober/

I created an alt for this which kind of says it all and I am not sure why I feel the need to post...I don't tell people I quit drinking if asked directly I do say but if asked if I want a drink I say I'm on antibiotics or have stomach issues.  When people do find out it feels like it is brought up every other conversation and then pressured to have a drink (especially those that had an issue with it before special thanks to that person that delivered a case of wine on finding out - that did annoy me)...A large part is the embarrassment I quit because I can't drink responsibly so my life must have been a mess (it wasn't).  Partly I feel a fraud because I've not to had to struggle with stopping as much as others (few evenings thinking shall I open a bottle). Finally it was the right decision but equally I've not noticed any massive benefits apart from maybe fewer days feeling down...Not drunk for just over a year.  Previous 16-18 years (hard to pin down) I drank a bottle of wine (sometimes just that sometimes with beers or another bottle) the vast majority of days...
----------immediate responses--------

I totally understand. I quit for over a year recently and relapsed over Christmas. Now I'm back not drinking. In those 18 months my not drinking was pretty much constantly commented on at social events and there was usually at least one person who was incredulous and annoying in going on about my sobriety.  If you do drink regularly I think it's difficult to understand the mentality of sober and the shift in attitude we develop. So for a drinker they can see us as white knuckling every event and being terribly sad about not drinking why would we do this to ourselves etc etc. When in reality of course the benefits of sober are enormous and for me outweigh drink. My xmas experience confirms this. When I was sober for a while I eventually just told people their questions were boring and changed the conversation. I firmly believe those that are the most interested in others' sobriety are those that have a concern or problem with their own drinking. Ultimately what you do with your own life is nothing to do with anyone else. 
When people ask why don't I drink I just say because of my liver and kidney transplant and that usually gets them off my back. I just don't tell people that it was needed because I'm an alcoholic.
I feel "owning" my alcoholism helps me stay sober. I don't go around broadcasting it from the rooftops but I am open and honest with my close friends and family. It makes me accountable and strengthens my support network. When I tell my loved ones they are genuinely interested supportive and proud.
Thank you for your comments I decided to apply for a badge here.  I felt quite mellow today and think the post helped me get something off my chest I didn't know I wanted gone...See you around.
