-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qn19s/this_is_how_i_got_out_of_constant_struggle_with/

One of many reasons I quit alcohol is my struggle with anxiety which lead to depression which lead to drinking which lead to drugs which lead to more anxiety and more depression and round and round we go. Cutting off the fuel that kept this wheel moving (alcohol) is the best decision I've made. But there is also another important trick to stop the anxiety which I want to share incase you are sober but are still struggling with getting anxiety out of the body.. .I (F/36) have struggled with anxiety for almost 20 years. That anxiety that is just there often for no apparent reason and you can't turn it off. I've been on plenty of medications and lots of rounds with therapists. It wasn't until just a few year back that I was able to "take better control" of the anxiety because I learned what has become the main remedy for me: acceptance. ..Since my anxiety first took control of me at 21 years old I've looked at it as my enemy my ghost my war. I've been scared of it I've been fighting it. I've desperately tried to run away from it and fight thoughts away. Until a therapist told me: If you fight it the anxiety fights you back even harder. If you accept it and ignore it as a part of you it gets bored and go away. ..This was life changing for me and I only wish someone had prescribed me that sentence rather than all that medication (which was just a bandaid not a solution)! Of course it took some work to train the mind to adapt this attitude but I fast learned to say "Hi anxiety so you wanna hang with me today huh? Ok all good. Just hang here welcome. I'm going to work now though and then to the gym so you might get bored." ..Sure enough the anxiety was not so interested in me anymore. Sometimes I could feel the anxiety coming and I would get really frustrated that it just kept on creeping its way back! And for no reason! That's when I just have to remind myself "It's ok. This is just what I am dealt this a challenge that I have in my life. It's ok. I accept that this is how my life is. In fact I welcome you with open arms because you are not scary. You are just here and I will not pay any attention to you because I am too focused on living my life." ..Now being 39 days sober my mind is even stronger! Anxiety might come creeping in on me for the rest of my life. But by being sober and accepting I am at least doing what I can do to avoid it.
----------immediate responses--------

That is great info/advice on dealing with anxiety.  I'm just getting there finally myself. Yay and I will it drink with you today...or fight my anxiety either!
I'm sort of getting better at this too -- for anyone looking for a bit more of a background on the technique of accepting your unwelcome private thoughts (like anxiety) it's one of the tenets of Acceptance &amp; Commitment Therapy (ACT) which doesn't seem to be mentioned in these parts as much as CBT is.
"If you fight it the anxiety fights you back even harder. If you accept it and ignore it as a part of you it gets bored and go away."..I like this.
So true. Examining anxiety with curiosity and acceptance is a great mindfulness technique. I have started meditating for 20 minutes every day for the past month or so...and now it is *gone*.
My first bout with anxiety was when I was 5 years old. To this day I still struggle with anxiety I always describe myself as  the most nervous person you will ever meet  ... I have never tried this approach. What would you suggest as a starting point?
Great info on anxiety my friend. Thanks for sharing. Anxiety is a huge problem for me because i used to drink it to shut up. Any other tips?
Excellent words on how to deal with anxiety. Thank you for sharing. My "little friend" (anxiety) has decided to hang out with me today. I will not be entertaining it. I also won't be drinking with it  
Thanks I appreciate it! I just downloaded the app. 
