-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qn4hv/10_days_and_need_some_encouragement/

Been 10 days 2nd round of sobriety. Everything has been going as good as I can ask for but today has been a struggle even though I keep telling myself the same advice I give out. Got in an argument with the wife pretty sure I'm the one who started it over rolling my eyes for a stupid topic being cranky. I am building up stress and feel like I need to  let my hair down and relax  with a drink. I know that will create more issues and that alcohol is not the answer and I will not drink its just got me all messed up and stressed today. Anybody else have this feeling before?
----------immediate responses--------

I have felt like that a few times in the 200+ days since I last had a drink. It was important to know that drinking wasn't an option for unwinding or relaxing - if ever my mind went there I would have to consciously say to myself "I don't drink anymore it simply is not an option".  .  .I'd rather be sober and miserable than drunk and miserable. . 
One day at a time Just drink today and face tomorrow when it get here. I will not drink with you today..
Don't hit the reset it's not worth the lost time. Alcohol robs us of time and that's all we really have is time don't waste it with poison.
[deleted]
Uhm all the time! But ask yourself will you be more relaxed tomorrow having drank tonight? I think you know you'll be more stressed because you'll be hungover and feeling crappy. Gotta play the tape forward. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm 52 and still say things to myself like "it's cool to get drunk - everyone does it. It's relaxing. It'll mellow you out."..And then there I am. It's 1am. I'm watching repeats of shows I didn't like in the first place on the sofa. Alone because everyone else went to bed and I'm still thinking "One more will do the trick..."..Whatever you choose to do there's always tomorrow. One day at a time. ..IWNDWYT ..
Sure - felt like that a thousand times over the last 20 years.  I've learnt that alcohol may dull the need to deal with things today but only ever makes it harder to deal with tomorrow.  Go talk to your wife or atleast wrap your arms around her - that will work a lot better than a drink no matter the status of your relationship right now.  Courage to you on your journey ahead.
I have indeed had that feeling (and still occasionally) - it's even got a name:  R.I.D. - Restless Irritable and Discontent...I got tools resources and support to process those at meetings...I agree no matter what I'm experiencing there's Nothing that a drink won't make Worse!
