-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qqeiu/im_three_months_sober_still_struggling/

I used to drink and smoke pot daily. I quit drinking around the beginning of October (don't remember exactly) but I was still smoking "to make it easier." I don't even like smoking pot anymore. It gives me anxiety attacks. But I just wanted to get drunk and I was trying to quit so I did that instead. Anyways on October 15th I decided that I wanted an official sobriety date so I decided to not smoke pot anymore either. I had gone to a few meetings and had almost two weeks without a drink. The first month was difficult. The second half of November and all of December was easy because work was busy for the holidays and I had a lot going on. My two month sobriety fell on my birthday. It was actually good because it gave me motivation to not drink. I hadn't completely decided if AA was for me or not. I really don't like it. I'm not sociable. I was never even social when I was drunk. I can't talk in front of people. I've gone to quite a few meetings and only spoke twice. Even introducing myself is torturous. I don't believe in God so it's pretty annoying that the meetings I've been to are a lot of talk about God. My girlfriend got me a puppy right before Christmas (dobie/golden mix) so I haven't gone to any meetings or really done anything since. I love my puppy so much but she's a lot of work. The last few days have been really hard. I've wanted to drink more and more. And I'm pushing my girlfriend away with my anger and depression. She's trying to help and I just feel like a bother. It doesn't help that my brother and his girlfriend whom share a home with me both still drink and smoke daily. I don't know what I hope to come from this post. I just needed to vent and maybe get some advice. Life is kind of boring. I always get depressed in the winter. I need things to occupy my time but I can't leave the house for long because of my puppy. Mostly I spend time with my girlfriend and play video games. I've got a stack of books that I've been meaning to get to. But idk what else to do. This is my first post so if I've messed anything up I apologize in advance. Also thanks for anyone who takes the time to read this
----------immediate responses--------

Three months is an amazing achievement something a lot of us on here can only dream of achieving you need to give yourself credit for that. Plus your puppy won't be a puppy for much longer they'll soon be nagging you for long walks and as the owner of a year old pup trust me when I say there's no better distraction that getting out with them (maybe not in the pouring rain like mine had me out in yesterday!)
Super standard advice but have you tried exercising? Forty minutes of cardio snaps me out of most (but not all) bad spells for a day or two. ..One more thing sounds like your girl might be a keeper. 
Keep on keeping on mate. Three months is a great achievement. I don't have any advice as I'm only on my second day but I am trying to keep the idea of not struggling through the day as a motivation. Feel rough today but it will fade. What you are doing is an inspiration for others and it will work for you!
I can speak to the puppy thing - it is ridiculously hard work! You're doing an awesome job. 3 months is amazing! 
