-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qrici/im_having_a_liver_scan_today/

I'm very nervous about it and wondering if anyone has any words of encouragement. I've posted before that I'm a wine drinker - usually a half bottle to three-quarters of a bottle a day. I've tracked my drinking on the Leaf App and some months I hardly have a day off drinking. I've also had a month or so sobriety here and there over the past two years but like many others I am struggling to make it stick. I have the old  vague pain' in the liver area bloods came back normal but my cholesterol was borderline. I'm just sharing this for the sake of it  not because I want a Reddit Doctor. I haven't had a drink in the last two weeks but know that i could still have some liver damage. Has anyone been in a similar (or worse) situation and gone on to heal well? I'm 42 so am a little late to sorting my health out.  
----------immediate responses--------

Probably best to talk to your Doctor but when I originally gave up drinking (13 years ago) I had some pretty ordinary blood results.  I was 30 at the time had sore kidneys and tenderness across most of body at that time + some heart pain starting...I've been (mainly) sober for 13 years with a few falls every couple of years (will I ever learn?!?!) and certainly not drinking for long periods or as much as I once did - my last bloods were actually very good.  I understand that most organs and our blood can be improved over time but I'm not a doctor (thank god).  ..Good luck and courage to you on your continuing journey.
SO was in pretty bad shape but with no drinking proper diet and time he is doing very well now almost 4 years out. Liver is an amazing organ.
Anybody else have an aching in their lower back butt cheek area? I thought it was from drinking but I've been mostly sober for over a month now outside of new years and it is still there and feel like it might be getting worse.
Thank you all for taking the time to answer me I feel encouraged and will try not to panic. 
Best of luck with your scan! I'm 40 and I'm going to the doctor on Monday to be honest about my drinking history and see what kinds of tests they want to do. I'm definitely nervous but I'm even more tired of worrying about what I might have done to myself. I just want to get it over with and move forward in the healthiest way possible. I'll be thinking of you and I'll join you in not drinking today!
