-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qua95/do_you_ever_struggle_with_false_memories/

As someone who's going through therapy and has stopped drinking for several months now I've gone through the unfortunate yet necessary journey of processing all of the harmful things I've said and done while drunk...However I've also run into quite a few situations in which I've been completely convinced that I've said or done something horrible to a particular person; and yet when I apologize to them they tell me that whatever I'm apologizing for never happened. ..For example: I was 104% sure I had punched a guy after we'd had a fight. But once I apologized to him via Facebook he told me that not only hadn't I punched him but we had never fought in the first place...I'm wondering if this is my guilt and remorse manifesting awful "false memories" of things that never actually occurred. ..Does anyone else struggle with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. I had this all the time. The guilt was just unbearable and quite often I'd not really done much wrong at all. I'm just sitting here writing a list of what's gotten better in the last 160 days as it happens and fuck me I do not miss that feeling one little bit. Stopping was the best thing I ever did. 
Umm. Yes. I feel guilty about having been a mean nasty person quite often. And it is often true that the person I fess to has no idea what I am talking about. Of course -- it could be because they were off their ass as well... Thank you for sharing this! In any case - I am so over being guilty about being mean and nasty! 
I've wondered if these are dreams. I used to wake up and have to try to piece together what happened and part of that was trying to figure out what was a dream and what wasn't most of the time I was so ashamed and embarrassed by it I wouldn't ask anyone what happened or if I did anything and I'd just bury it and never know what really happened. It would make sense I think things happened that never actually did and were just drunken dreams of shame and guilt. God drinking is just the worst. So happy I don't have to do that anymore. 
OMG YES!!!!!! I would go on bender and the next day be convinced i posted something on facebook or i called someone and said something shitty. I would check my messages and call logs and almost whenever I felt the guilt of saying or doing something stupid it never happened. Anyways I'm happy know that I seem to have made it thru this and hopefully I wont be drinking any more so it wont be an issue lol 
