-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qxqbt/sponsor_might_want_me_to_restart_my_daycount_i/

Hi. ..I have 13.5 months in recovery. Over christmas break I took a Xanax (at the suggestion of my best friend and tattoo artist) as the tattoo was on my ribs. Before I took the pill I prayed. While we waited for the medicine to kick in she tattooed my boyfriend. It took longer than expected and by the time I was on the table (2.5 hours later) I felt completely normal. I went on with the tattoo anyway ("it can't be that bad" so I thought). Halfway through the session I asked for another as the first one had definitely worn off since I'd taken it 3 hours beforehand. ..I told my sponsor about it last night as I'd been feeling some discontent in keeping it from her. She wasn't sure how to proceed so asked her sponsor who also didn't know how to proceed. Now I am waiting on her grand sponsor to deliver the verdict. ..While I can clearly admit the decision to take the xanax was definitely a lapse in judgement I do not view it as a relapse. ..Understanding this is a gray area in the program I'm wondering if there is any ESH out there. I'm feeling incredibly disappointed in myself and in AA as a whole. ..
----------immediate responses--------

If this "lapse" was over Christmas break and you haven't drunk any alcohol or taken any other mind altering medication or even been tempted to I'd say you are absolutely correct and a restart isn't necessary.   I guess the only reason you think it was a lapse in judgment was because it was risky?  Congrats on your 13.5 months to BTW.
I view lapses and relapses differently. In my  opinion you've still been in recovery for 13.5 months Taking a pain killer does not negate the time you have. But ultimately it's up to you and your conscience but  It sounds like you took it as prescribed and not with the purpose of altering your state of mind. That is what I have to ask myself when I take my sleeping or pain medication. I take it as prescribed and not when I want to alter my state of mind and all has been good for me.  
You're sponsor her sponsor and her grand sponsor are not in charge of your sobriety. Nor do they speak for AA. If you think you've not relapse then you have not relapsed. You are the keeper of your time in sobriety as long as your are being completly honest with yourself. Ask yourself are you are really disapointed in yourself or in your sponsors reaction? If she would have said that it was fine would you still feel uncomfortable about it about yourself about AA. If you do then yea I would look more into why you took the pill. If that's not the case then the issue is how this event affected your releationship with your sponsor. Remember that your sponsor is just a person not a herald of AA please don't associate the entire program to a single person.
Were you abusing painkillers/opiates/narcotics 14 months ago?
Hey you know it's just one day! Try to think of it as one day not years. I really wish your sponsor wasn't so concerned about the number because it makes me think it's all or nothing for you guys. Toy weren't even trying to get high. Ugh. ..I will not drink with you today.
It's up to you really. Your sponsor may be onto something though. ..Xanax -any benzo really- causes chemically similar reactions in the brain as alcohol. I can't speak for you but if I take a benzo it might as well be a shot of booze. I would almost certainly do it therapeutically as the result of some kind of stress but I used alcohol the same way. Do I want out? Am I looking for the ease and comfort provided by a drink or a drug? Both the tattoo and the pill were choices you made right? Neither were mandatory yet the situation put your sobriety at risk at the very least. .."Time" isn't a competition or a tool or even something that's anyone's business but yours. For me my sober time began when I got honest with myself. What does it mean to you? Food for thought.
Verdict? You can't lose the year you've got no matter what they decide. The physical and psychological benefits you have achieved have not been undone. If you don't view it as a relapse then it's not a relapse. I think your sponsor should think about the damage she could cause due to the abstinence violation effect (i.e. she tells someone they're starting over so they say  fuck it  and go on a binge). Please keep in mind that the only qualification for being a sponsor is self-reported sobriety. Frankly this whole situation sounds insane.
Would you have considered it a relapse of you drank two beers over several hours? 
Frankly I turned away from AA for two years for this very attitude I saw reflected in many members. That being said don't allow this incident to be reflective of the program as a whole. I made that mistake and regret turning away from the entire program from such a trivial conflict I had that was similar to this...In my mind it's simple. If it is a legal substance you never had a problem with and if you in your mind you don't consider it a relapse I don't see why you should have to restart. You consumed a medicine as prescribed. Not sure if this is the right sponsor if you two can't see eye to eye on the issue. 
No way should you restart your count.  Your intention/motive was legit. People trip over the dumbest shit in recovery. You're fine.
I am firmly in the 'the point is my sobriety' camp. eating food cooked with wine going to the hospital and getting meds getting served something I didn't order and stopping once I notice it has booze using painkillers as prescribed kissing someone who had a drink watching a beer commercial during the super bowl etc etc do NOT start my clock over. I go through a lot to maintain my sobriety. don't nitpick.  .    .I know it is not a race but I can think of few things more demotivating than setting my clock back to zero for something I don't consider a failure in my goal to stay sober. if I were told that the alcohol in the soy sauce I had on my rice set me to zero I would likely have a relapse because why not? if I am starting from zero anyway might as well do it while 'it doesn't count' right?  .  .part of my recovery is being honest with myself. I know when I failed me. I need no one else to confirm or deny it.  .  .stay strong and regardless of what your AA folks return as a verdict do NOT let it slow you down or demoralize you. your year plus of work will not be swept aside. it mattered to you it inspires me you didn't lose anything.
I agree with the above statement that your sponsor and grand sponsor are not in charge of your sobriety. They are only guides to your spiritual recovery. Having said that I also read above that you used to take Xanax to get high. I think that your decision whether or not to reset your sobriety must be carefully weighed. When you prayed did you consider the fact that you were choosing to use a mind altering substance to get through the pain of getting a tattoo? Clearly you considered something because praying is a tool that the program has given us to make decisions in times like this. The real question that you should be asking yourself is If I choose not to reset my time will my Alcoholic/Addict mind use that decision to justify another relapse? Will my mind say to me somewhere down the road  You took two Xanax when you got that tattoo and look at you you're fine. Why shouldn't you take ten this week while you're dealing with the death of a loved one?  This is purely out of speculation based on how my own alcoholic mind works. So the true answer to your question not only must come from within you may change your mind down the road. You may decide to reset your time after years of reflection. But whatever you choose to do don't ever forget the reason you're here. 
I don't see any relapse in your story at all. Don't let anyone define sobriety for you. It's ridiculous. I will not drink with you today!
[deleted]
