-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r0nh7/day_2/

When I fist made a legitimate effort to stop drinking in 2016 I would come to this sub when I felt like I was about to cave in. It always helped to see the environment of encouragement and positive reinforcement. ..I've had two significant relapses after making good headway the most recent one has been going on since July... but here I am at the beginning again. However I'm going to take a different approach this time. I'm going to check in regularly and start making my own posts on this sub. I think it will help to write out my thoughts and feelings and maybe it will help someone else too. ..Last night I went home after work and I didn't drink. I woke up sober today and I'm sitting at work with a clear head feeling optimistic about the workday. Usually when I think about all the stuff I have to do it makes me kind of anxious. But today seems different. I dunno I'll check back in tomorrow and see if I feel the same...Thanks for being a group where I can talk it out honestly.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. I find alcohol is directly responsible for my anxiety; specifically anxiety about the smallest responsibilities during a hangover. I found posting/reading/responding on this sub is very helpful. Best of luck. IWNDWYT.
I'm glad you're here! You may have had a couple relapses but yo have also had some sober time. You have come back so you can do it again...SD has been so good for me. I don't think I would have taken on a serious attempt at getting sober without lurking here for a few weeks prior...When I have something to say I post it and it helps me to go through my day thinking about what I might post. No matter how much feedback I get processing my thoughts into a post helps me a lot. ..Today was a stressful day for me. As work was wrapping up I had some cravings and wavered for a bit. But thinking of SD and how far I have come to get that wee little '2' on my badge brought me back...Congrats on Day 2! IWNDWYT
Day 2 for me as well. I won't drink today!
This sub has been my rock.  I will keep coming here so as I do not become complacent and kill my dream come true.. and this sub wouldn't be what it is without all the people from all the stages coming here together.  Some lifting up others getting a lift!     today is a great day not to drink I'll be doing that with you.  
