-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r2ypl/i_finally_got_the_ultimatum/

my badge is at two days because i have continued to relapse over the past few months. after throwing glass punching walls and hurting myself badly my girlfriend says that because she loves me she will leave me if i do this to myself one more time. if i pick up even one drink...i'm one of those people who can easily not drink at all for very long periods of time. but after that one.....as a die hard Saints fan and someone who is very much triggered by football Sunday to drink I had my worst crash in a long time after we lost to the Vikings. even saying that out loud makes me feel ridiculous. I blacked out and put myself and others in danger because we lost football? it's not really about the football. it's about the fact that I let myself relax around how dangerous alcohol is for me just because i went a good amount of time "behaving myself." having one or two here and there. even my girlfriend said to me last time i had a water bottle of jim beam on 12th night (the first night of mardi gras) as we went out to a parade: "i was nervous when you packed that thinking the night would end terribly but we had such a great time. maybe you can be different."..what dangerous impossible incorrect words. ..this is not to blame her for any of it but just to give my perspective and possibly help someone else who is feeling like they now have a handle on it and can "drink normally." why is it normal to routinely poison yourself anyway?..so i have come to the decision that it's just not for me. i want to want my life more than i want a few beers. i want to want my relationship more than a shot of jim beam. i want to appreciate myself and travel and volunteer and save all that liquor money for the enjoyment of life...no more. i'm not drinking with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. (back?) Glad you're here. I'm having ongoing issues with my bf too and I have told him the same. Because I just can't do it anymore. I can't take his drunken cruelty to me anymore. On a side note: I actually didn't think that *I'd* get sober as a result or at the very least as a side effect of his 24/7 binge drinking but I have (at least I am now each day anew). I like you also want more from life and to stop poisoning myself and stop *wasting* my time on earth. He is being sober with me right now and has been since Jan 2nd but who the fuck knows; he's always relapsed. At any rate I think of it as self-love and self-care after 3 years of bowling-ball-in-my-stomach- anxiety waiting to see what shape I'll see HIM in. ..Again welcome and I'm glad both you and me are here. This place is amazing. I will not drink with you today. 
I've tried being sober for other people and it only led to resentment. Being sober for myself has led to peace. 
You can't have one sober person in a relationship. Either you're both sober and enjoying all life has to offer or you're both drinkers and live with chaos. 
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
