-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r3usv/i_recieved_some_pretty_crippling_news_on_monday/

I was dealt the blow One that makes you struggle to breath. drink was the only thing i could think to do. It was the only thing i knew i could do. I have absolutely no idea how i'm ever going to experience pain without that switch going off in my head. Feeling horrible and that hellish anxiety has been the only thing to have stopped me yesterday and today. Which i found odd since that anxiety would have the opposite effect. i am not looking forward to seeing my badge reset. 
----------immediate responses--------

It reset while I typed that. Seeing the smiley face replace the 2 was jarring!.
I'm sorry you got bad news. It is really difficult to sit with pain and sorrow and just feel it instead of immediately trying to numb it. I'm trying to look at it this was these days: maybe this pain has something to tell me. Something I really need to hear/experience that I wouldn't be able to get any other way. Whether that's true or not ultimately it's helping me feel all the feelings. I will not drink with you today and I hope you feel peace soon. 
I'm learning that drinking is a habit I put in place by way of my family modeling the behavior friends and peer pressure reinforcing it advertising drowning my unconscious mind in the notion that drinking is fun relaxing and what cool people do together etc.  Because of this habit I would reach for a drink when I need a friend. I would reach for a drink when I wanted to avoid stress. I would reach for a drink when life became heavy.  But the drink never was my friend. It doesn't relieve stress but alleviates the chemical desire I've built for ethanol over the decades. It doesn't make life lighter or easier only numbs emotions. But life is still waiting for us when we wake up hung over the next day...alcohol doesn't really make anything better I've just trained myself to think that it does by drinking so much of it.
