-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r5hsk/i_fear_that_i_will_never_have_that_same_kind_of/

does anyone else struggle with this? it just hit me like a ton of bricks while i was lying in bed. the consequences of binge drinking are horrible. but is there any fun quite like the fun of being drunk? i fear immensely that i will never laugh like that again belong like that again or relax like that again. and that this fear will keep me in the cycle of relapsing. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me drunk fun comes with far far too high a price. You will have fun again I promise. Hang in there!
Sober life is fun I remember. Remember when you where a young child did you need alcohol to have fun to get that excitement of your birthday or other holidays? .
I've struggled with this too. One thing that helps me is thinking about other people in my life who are sober and have a ton of fun (my brother and my uncle come to mind both hilarious people who are the life of parties). It also gives me weird comfort to read about famous people who used to drink/drug and are now sober (or who never drank in the first place). I think it helps to glamorize sobriety in my head until I'm feeling it more authentically myself. 
I think we end up with a better fun later. But it takes a minute.
Thank goodness I will never have the same kind of life I had when I was drinking. Sobriety is 100% better!
We convince ourselves that it's the booze that was fun.  More than likely it's the company and activity when drinking more than the booze.
Sobriety delivers what alcohol promises.
I struggle with this thought too   but the truth is it's all an illusion. I can't deny that I feel envy for the people who are able to drink in moderation and not take it too far. I know now that I am just not capable. My drinking always comes with a price that just isn't worth it. Hang in there!! 
You're better than the drink.I keep telling myself this. And you know what? I was watching game of thrones - a big trigger for me - and I actually had fun without alcohol. I'm only on day 4 and cautiously optimistic but if I can do 4 days so can you. I will not drink tonight. 
We tend to idealize the moments of Fun while drinking (because there Were indeed moments of fun) over the shitty and boring moments which were quite a lot too. Haven't ever had a boring night out with booze? I've had quite a lot of them...Also we tend to forget the moments we were having a lot of fun without drinking. And we also tend to forget that having fun is a matter of being with the right company rather than being stupid ass with alcohol. Alcohol makes you stupid rather than funny. ..If you don't believe me go sober to a party with lots of drunkards and tell me if they are acting funny or stupid or even boring.
Having a wife and kids makes you remember how great going to a movie a zoo getting an ice cream is. ..Think how much fun kids have with no alcohol. ..
Is this a serious question? More fun than binge drinking? That for me almost almost ends with little memory of the night sloppy behaviors sex I may or not recall vomit and pain.  I'll take anything else with good company.
Definitely know that feeling. It's like an nostalgia for that old feeling. Not sure where you are in your sobriety but if it's been a while since you got drunk i can tell you after a weekend of binging the hangover shame and guilt lasts way longer and definitely tarnishes the fun. Im just a couple days sober and the metaphysical hangover is still here. I hope next time I'm feeling like you i can remember the pain coming if i drink.
I romanticized my drinking days A LOT when I first started out on this path. So far I've realized that you unlock a whole different kind of fun as a person who is sober. Things do change. My friendships have changed. My goals. My ways of coping and my and my ways of relaxing. It all is so completely different than when I depended on alcohol to get me through just about everything. I don't know. I just had to give it *this* sobriety time. I had to recover a lot of myself that I had almost lost including the part of me that used to know how to have fun without a substance to create or mediate it. And I'll admit I'm still figuring a lot of this out. How to live and be carefree and make friends and hangout and just *be* without alcohol in the picture. One thing I know for sure is that now I wouldn't have it any other way.
Drunk people's fun is actually pretty boring. Try hanging out with them sober sometime you'll see what I mean. 
At the end there was no fun in my drinking.  And the end of my drinking lasted a long time. The first few years might have been fun but the rest were spent chasing that perfect buzz I could never again attain...So in a way I can't really relate OP because if I'm being honest my life was miserable and insane the last chunk of years I spent drinking.   I might have thought it was going to be fun but it almost always ended up chaotic and/or depressing. I wrecked friendships I fell got in fights I drove blackout drunk....I found myself starting to wish I wasn't going to wake up in the morning...Fun in sobriety is a flipping gift of beauty. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
I don't know about you but I'm certainly not myself when I'm drunk. When I'm sober I'm calm and respectful but the more I drink the more I turn into a fuckin animal... not in a violent way or anything but in a loud annoying obnoxious way. Alcohol is just disguise that we use to hide our true personalities from ourselves and others.
Fear of missing out I know this feeling all to well. Truthfully most of those memories I have no idea what happened because I was always to drunk. ..Being sober I actually remember the funny things that happen and can look back and get a second laugh out of them. I find myself laughing more now than when I was drinking... You become much more positive when your not waking up hungover every morning trying to figure out what happened. iwndwyt
Binge drinking ended up with me sending illicit texts to random women who weren't my wife. ..She forgave me but I look forward to never having that kind of "fun" again. 
I don't fear the embarrassment of having to apologise to people for my idiotic (I thought I was hysterical at the time) behaviour.  God I simply shudder at some of the things I did when drunk.  It was just so wrong (again I thought I was the funniest person alive at the time).  I had the best belly laugh last week when I was at a bistro (drinking lime and soda) when a poor waiter dropped a heap of plates on my brother in law...it was so funny and then we joked about it for hours.. I didn't need to be drunk to enjoy the joke....
I'm really glad you posted this because I'm having friends over on Saturday for a housewarming and up until now I've subconsciously assumed I'd be drinking. And while it would cause me too much anxiety to ruminate on whether I will or won't so far in advance at least now I can have a hard look at what exactly was fun about it before. ..And I mean yeah it was fun occasionally. I'm not going to try and deny that to myself. Especially with this group of friends. And it could be fun on that one night. It probably would be. ..And for other people that's okay. Other people might have fun one night sleep it off and think hell yeah that was a fun banger. Back to the grind!..Except I don't do that. First it starts with the leftovers... Then hell well I blew a Sunday night so might as well weeknight drink. And before long I'm using online calculators to see if I'm able to drive to work in the morning. Or calling out still too drunk to drive and/or throwing up...Meanwhile my friends are happy with how they spent their weekend and haven't drank since because it's not like that for them...Because they aren't problem drinkers. And I am...So yes I feel like not drinking on Saturday is a sacrifice. Because if I did drink I would most likely have fun (well obviously not completely if my stomach and anxiety have anything to say about it). I will feel left out maybe even bored...But drinking is a snowball for me. And I'd rather be bored than ever call out of work still drunk ever again...Thanks again for the post. Gave me a lot to chew on like maybe it's okay to grieve the "fun" even while acknowledging it's not always fun. ..I will not drink with you today! 
Alcohol will take all of your fun. All of it.
I struggle with this too. But my thinking is that it's an hour of fun. Maybe two tops. Then it gets messy and I don't really remember any of it. And then there's a day of regret. And as others have mentioned that day turns into two and three. Before you know it you are back to square 1. I hope I am learning to do this calculation (play it forward) every time. Iwndwyt. (Side note: my phone just auto corrected that to "OWNED it". I like that!)
For a long time I thought alcohol was the only way I could be social or talk to men or be fun. Turns out it isn't. It took me awhile to be comfortable in social situations. I had to practice a bit and figure out how to navigate as the new me. You really do have to give it some sober time. I needed awhile before I really discovered who I was without alcohol but my connections are so much deeper and my fun is so much more genuine. I won't drink with you today.
