-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r88sj/anybody_not_craving_booze_after_30_days/

Seems like a lot of people struggle with cravings consistently for a very long time. Having quit recently and making it past 30 days I literally have zero desire to drink anymore. In fact the thought of drinking and going back to those old ways downright disgusts me...I would say the first couple weeks were difficult for sure (Tremors nightmares sweating auditory/visual hallucinations) but I can't imagine ever drinking again at least for the foreseeable future. Life was so sad and depressing on the drink and I ruined everything...I think feeling absolutely disgusted with your drinking self is the key to quitting and not thinking about it too much. Im very much enjoying the sober life and even starting to feel bad for people who require drink to manage or socialise. This is quite a radical shift in my perception that caught me off guard I suppose I thought it would be much harder.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome! Congratulations to getting to this point it seems like you have the right mentality to make sobriety work for you...I'm only 17 days in so I'm still feeling a lot of the cravings but reading your post has made me feel hopeful that they will pass with time if I can just stick to it.
Improved mental health and stability is one of the main reasons I'm quitting. That and not waking up with bruises I have no idea how I got. Just have to power through the darkness to reach the light at the end of the tunnel.
[removed]
This has more or less been my experience BUT I'm aware that if I don't stay in the right frame of mind it could swing the other way. As long as I stay grateful try to help others don't hold grudges admit when I'm wrong etc. I don't seem to want a drink. 
By 30 days my cravings were done.  I still occasionally feel a desire to "mark an occasion" or to "make Friday feel different from monday" as I used to use alcohol for this purpose.  But I have realized that getting drunk on weekend nights just because i can afford to be hungover on weekend days is a pretty stupid policy.  
Stay put my friend!  This radical change can be yours permanently by sticking to your guns...     I will gladly enjoy not drinking with you today
