-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rccqw/first_day_on_the_sinclair_method/

Finally created an account just so I could post here. I have been reading this sub for a year or more and it has motivated me to quit many times but I usually give up after a day maybe 2. I stumbled on The Sinclair Method a few weeks ago and decided to try it ordered my meds online and received them yesterday.  I took 25mg for my first does waited an hour and then poured a drink (strong vodka/soda). I generally drink 500-600ml a day starting as soon as I get home from work until I pass out or stumble to bed...Last night was definitely different it was a big struggle to wait an hour after taking the pill and I was ready for that first gulp of vodka. I drank half my glass in two swallows and waited for the typical euphoria to hit and the cravings for more to follow. Instead it was a big nothing burger. Very weird! Finished my drink before starting dinner and then had another one after. I would normally have had 2 or 3 drinks at least while cooking. I finished my 2nd drink and sat there for a while wondering if I was going to have another. I had half a liter of vodka sitting right in front of me and it is generally unthinkable that I would not finish it and then wish I had more...Instead I turned off the lights and went to bed wasn't really sure what else to do with myself. I brought pills to work with today and will take one at 5 so that when I get home at 6 I don't have to wait an hour. It's only one day but I am as encouraged as I have ever been usually quitting for a day or two is very stressful and requires a lot of white knuckling. This did not feel that way at all...Thank you all for your contributions I read about every post here and they all help.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I hope TSM works for you.  I tried it and it was not effective for me.  ..In the beginning I drank less too.  Without "the buzz" I lost some interest in drinking.  However my drinking plateaued at too high a level and eventually started to increase.  ..The problem to me was that I was not addressing the real reasons that I drank.   I still drank to cope with stress boredom etc. so my consumption levels were still elevated.  My mindset needed to change.  Plus it didnt sit well with me that I was continuing a habit that I didnt want to continue at all and that I would have to take another drug for who knows how long.  ..Abstinence for me was the better choice.  If TSM works for you then great!  
Interesting. I'm glad it worked! I tried naltrexone years ago before it became a mainstream treatment. It didn't really work for me because I don't think I was that serious about quitting and just stopped taking it after a few weeks. Do you see yourself quitting all together soon? How do you proceed?
