-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ri504/johnny_cash_taught_me_that_i_cant_drink/

Not in person obviously but at the beginning of his autobiography (1997) the aging man gives the following gratitude:.."Finally I m thankful *very* thankful that at this moment I have absolutely no craving for any kind of drug. I ve been up almost three hours today and this is the first time I ve thought about it and even then it s in the spirit of gratitude. So my disease isn t active. Last night I saw a bottle of wine passed around the table and I never once thought about taking even a sip of it. (So why am I thinking about it now? *Watch it Cash!* Gotta never be complacent. Never take anything for granted. Don t forget great prices have been paid and will be paid again if you get too smug too egotistical and self-assured.)"..It s been many years since I first read this but it still sticks. It was the first time someone spoke into my life about drinking and it changed my entire view on it. Cash struggled with addiction his whole life but he also proved that you can go to hell *and back*. We are a whole lot of people on the road back...I will not drink with you fine people today!
----------immediate responses--------

Oh my God I remember that paragraph! I love that book. Nickajack Cave and all. 
&gt;great prices have been paid and will be paid again if you get too smug too egotistical and self-assured...Hopefully I've had my last Day 1.
Thank you. Just put that book in my cart. 
&lt;Wearing my Johnny Cash shirt&gt;.    high fives!  I will not be sipping drinking or shooting anything back with you today!  I raise this cup of Tim's to Johnny and to you for bringing him up!  
I need to pick up a copy of his book. Big fan 
I think I might get that book thanks for the beautiful quote.  I will not drink with you friend.
So true. I too am very grateful that I am not in that horrible cycle of getting wasted and feeling shitty and guilty so I get wasted again. The temptations are still there sometimes but I got through the holidays so I am building up more confidence. 
I need to read this. I'm a huge fan.
Such a great passage. Thank you. Johnny Cash knows how important it is to never get complacent. He actually got sober for about 7 years in the early 1970's when he married June Carter only to slip back into booze and amphetamines. That ugly monster always lurks. .I will not drink with you today!
Awesome
welp guess I'm adding another book to my list of books for 2018. Thank you for this I needed to read this post! 
great quote..I will not drink with you today!
Beautiful. Thank you for this. We are definitely on the road back and that's super encouraging. I will not drink with you today. 
IWNDWYT. Thanks for your post 
I love JC!.The Johnny Cash song and video for Hurt (NIN cover) is one of my 'stay strong' songs. In the video where he pours out the wine? Powerful...IWNDWYT
Damn that's a wonderful quote he fought that demon most of us have to fight and won!
Awesome quote nice little bit of daily reassurance. Thank you!
Oh I love this quote! Thank you for sharing this today!
Thanks for this I'm a Johnny Cash fan but never thought to pick up his autobiography. It's on the reading list.
words of wisdom indeed thanks for posting. 
I've had all that I wanted.Of a lot of things I've had.And a lot more than I needed.Of some things that turned out bad. ..From "Wanted Man". I keep it on my front door so I see it every day before I go out. 
I'd like to get this book.  Is this the one titled 'Cash'?  Thanks for sharing this I needed to see it.
Thanks for posting this. It resonates with me because my dad died the same day as Johnny Cash and I used Johnny Cash's cover of "We'll Meet Again" at his service. My dad was also a longtime addict who made so many bad choices but was able to finally get sober for about the last 10-15 years of his life. I'm glad to hear you share you felt a kinship with him someone who remained badass (maybe even moreso...) even after sobriety! 
Remind me in 30 days. How do you do this
I have read that man's autobiography. Such a wonderful man to read.
Nice quote. IWNDWYT!!
This song is about his redemption. He finally surrendered to God..https://youtu.be/vt1Pwfnh5pc
I was watching a video of his.  Hurt the nin cover i think.  It's him at his house not far from death and he's dumping a glass of wine out over a table.   It was just a really powerful surreal  and absolutely creepy moment.   ..I've seen a lot of posts from people saying how easy this not drinking thing is...  and i think "you better look the fuck out."  But of course we have to speak from the i so i don't.   
I love this. I read that autobiography. But I was 15. And I didn't understand. Now at 24. I do.  Thanks for sharing! 
His autobiography is such a great read! For all of his ups and downs in addiction he truly came out the other side with a lot of hard work and effort. 
Wow I need to read this book!
Thanks Homer! So good. So true. JC was the best.
A lot of love for your post today Homer   you and Johnny have struck a chord. Happy to be not drinking with you  :)
This is amazing!
very "sobering" quote.
Leave That Junk Alone:.https://youtu.be/LSi1JP3rHrw
Ooooh. That just made me wanna re-watch 'Walk the Line'.
Johnny Cash's song  Sunday Morning Coming Down  is a great reminder of why I don't drink anymore. For anyone who hasn't heard it he uses it to tell a story of being strung out and hungover on a Sunday morning a day when most people are enjoying themselves and spending time with their families. ..*There's nothin' short of dyin' // that's half as lonesome as the sound // of a sleepin' city sidewalk // and Sunday morning coming down*...I do *not* miss those days.
amazing thank you. IWNDWYT
First piece I read when I opened up the Ap this morning. Every time my subconscious decides I will absolutely be fine to drink at dinner parties holidays etc my conscious mind and days sober which are cherished to date tell the other part of the brain:  No you won't rise to the bait!' Its about training the brain. Undoing a bad habit. I believe there is hope. Thank you. I will not drink with you today.
I listened to Johnny Cash With His Hot And Blue Guitar this morning because of this post.  Cheers.
