-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rjb34/i_relapsed_i_didnt_drink_yesterday_and_i_wont/

Unhealthy relationship to alcohol and I know I have that. Even thought I'm not drinking today I'm still an alcoholic. I have to remember that. When I start to think I can  drink like normal people  is when I get into trouble. Another admission: I missed work due to behind hungover. That had never happened before. I always prided myself on being high functioning even while drinking. But it was bound to happen sooner or later. And I'm getting older and my body can't handle alcohol like it did when I was younger. Going to a meet in half an hour. I've never been there before but I'm looking forward to doing something healthy for myself and being around people who have health on the mind. I will not drink with all of you today! Cheers to sobriety. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome Congratulations on your decision. This site is a great source of motivation and support.  Folks on here can relate with how you feel and most have been in your shoes.  IWNDWYT!.
I can so relate to this.  I thought I could drink like a normal person too.  I would stop for a while feel like I got a good handle on things have a little.  All good so I'd have more the next time and so on until I had an "episode" as I call it.  Way too many episodes.  They are bad.  I am an alcoholic.  No I cannot even have 1 drink because I will rationalize next time and have more.  "I can handle it."  Nope better to have none than wonder whether I can handle it or not.  I am done trying to handle it.  Just have non.  You can do it.  Meetings are great.  Find one that you like and stick with it.  I will not drink with you today.
I so relate to this - I am a 5 o'clock drunk and I prided myself on making it to work each day not hung over and always monitoring my alcohol content the night before to ensure I could make it to work.  Yet I recall a few times on a work night not wanting to stop drinking so would decide to call in sick in the morning and continue drinking.....Congratulations on getting right back on the horse and coming for support.
Its good you wrote this down. Try to write down other statements of resolve or intense feeling as they happen. This will help buffer and strengthen you when the urge starts to prey on you again. Good luck stay strong and IWNDWYT.
