-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rlzsf/had_a_relapsed_am_using_weed_to_help_me_keep_on/

After my baby was born I had a relapse. Not the everyday mad cravings I used to have but would binge drink a couple nights a week to "shut off my brain" and escape the pressure. Obviously this caused huge problems because I get violent when I'm completely wrecked but I didn't trust my self to stop because I was always so good at rationalizing a trip to the bar...My SO is a pot smoker and in a past life I would smoke occassionally just for shits and giggles but I never really liked the stuff. But recently I decided to join him several nights out of the week because when I'm high I'm not really up to doing anything (including getting drunk) beside vegging out in front of the TV. I still am not a big fan of the stuff but if I can just get myself home and take a hit or two at the end of the night I'll know I'd haved survived another alcohol free day...But am I going down a dangerous path here? Will my feelings about getting high change and I'll just have another substance abuse issue to deal with?..Anyone have experience with using weed to stop drinking? Because my baby girl is my world and as much as I don't want her to deal with a drunk mom I also don't want her to have a stoner mom either...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I'll answer this by saying you'll probly find a variety of opinions here about marijuana use and alcohol sobriety probably more against than for...Weed-free alcohol sobriety is possible and is practiced by many myself included...I will not drink with you today.  .And I don't want your daughter to have a stoner mom either.
Some statistical evidence to suggest this works as a harm reduction strategy for some alcoholics. Personally this worked for me for a while but all it took was getting a little too high one day which made me want to drink then I ended up drinking then I ended up snorting blow because I was drunk. this was 11 days ago. I'm going to be avoiding the domino effect of drugs in the future. 
I'm sure there will be lots of different opinions. My take is that ideally not the bestest way. However; my opinion is that smoking weed (when you are done with work and all that studd for the day) is hella better then drinking the way you drink or really any way of drinking. Less damage to health. Less risk of being a dangerous weirdo. And so on. My SO is quite the professional weed smoker anf also and badass at work and a kind and caring man - when he is not drinking. He is quiting drinking with me be because it is crystal clear to both of us that the alcohol is the bad bad stuff. Messed us up. ..I don't smoke myself. Regardless of the strain I don't like how it makes me feel... Although did smoke at night many moons ago to deal with a bad case of stress induced insomnia. ..I think the most important thing is not to drink. If the idea of smoking is bothering you maybe set a calendar reminder in 30 days to review your experience and decide what you want to do going forward. ..Whichever you decide; congratulatoins on your continued victory over alcohol and your progressive steps to get to where you want to be your best self! IWNDWYT...
I smoke everyday ... It's a great plant.
For me using cannabis does not lead me to drink. And I certainly don't think it's anywhere near as dangerous as alcohol. That said my brother is also an alcoholic and maintains 100% sobriety. Different strokes in my mind.
Just don't drink alcohol everybody handles everything differently. Smoking weed makes me not want to go near any alcoholic beverage. If you feel that marijuana keeps you off alcohol then smoke. being a child of an alcoholic I could positively say I would rather had a lazy stoned father than an angry lazy raging alcoholic father 
I've said this before to a few people but seeing a therapist was the biggest and most important step for me in my recovery. I have learned SO MUCH about myself it's really unbelievable. We are so complex. Based on your post I bet you'd benefit too. If you can fit it into your budget I'm sure you would get a lot out of it. IWNDWYT :) 
25 years ago I quit drinking and managed to stay off the booze for 5 years.  During that time I smoked weed and while it didn't lead me to drink I was still using a drug to bury my deeper issues so when i did eventually attempt moderating alcohol I failed and fell right back into abusing it until just 5 months ago...I will not walk on slippery slopes with you today. :)
I am 60 days sober from alcohol and 18 days sober from pot. I did exactly as you did and pot DID definitely help me to stop drinking. On the other hand I got completely addicted to pot. Stopping that was hard too but not AS hard. ...My rationale was the same as yours. I drank to excess ONE TIME after my daughter was born and to my forever shame I almost hurt her in an accident. It still fills me with regret when I think of it. That never happened high so I stopped drinking and let myself lean on pot a little. We always made sure one of us could drive in case of an emergency and I always scaled back if I ever caught myself getting stoned instead of just a little heady. It was not a perfect solution but I think there was more urgency for a quick fix because I absolutely will not be an alcoholic mom like my parents were. I will never ever put my baby through that....The reason I did give up pot too was because I lost my motivation to do anything.... it's like I started just waiting for her to nap so I could go light up. That's not the mom I want to be. 
I used weed to stop drinking in my early 20s. Worked a treat except I REALLY liked weed. It agreed with me creatively mentally and every other way [I never got the lazy thing for some reason it would make me really busy! Hike up mountains haul firewood build gardens work a 50 hour week yadda yadda]. BUT by about 35 I was starting to rethink it a bit and going off it for short bursts. My husband at the time however turned into an even more violent scary dangerous feral if I didn't keep him in pot or make sure he had contacts and money to go get pot. So my quitting never lasted long. And then they brought in roadside random drug testing here in New South Wales - and test will pick up if you smoked up to three weeks before driving resulting in fine criminal record and loss of license for months. So as that coincided with planning to escape the husband I decided it was safest to give it up altogether. Also figured a sober Mum stood a better chance navigating the family law quagmire and keeping kiddo protected as he'd hurt her quite a lot repeatedly. Luckily at the time we had "volunteer" dope plants growing on the property [they literally planted themselves from floodwaters washing seeds from the neighbour's crop onto our place!] so the husband had his supply. I dropped pot cold turkey and have not touched it since that was in March 2010. But I still get pot dreams like others here get drinking dreams. I managed to stay substance-free including no booze up until about early 2012 when I started on the wine - and slid into problem boozing. Up until 18 days ago :)   Given the drug-testing regime here and how vital my license and clean record is to both my work and to kiddo having any kind of proper life I can't use weed as my helper this time round..
