-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rqopz/im_new_may_i_bitch_can_i_say_bitch/

Me to friends who know I drank *a lot* and this will be a struggle (I'm only on day 11): "Hey I'm giving up alcohol this is going to be really hard but it's important to me."..Three different very close friends:.Last Thursday: "Hey I know you just stopped drinking but you had a stressful day so if you need a drink come to happy hour!!".Last Saturday: "We're going to the breweries all day want to come?!? (No)  *sad faces*.Last Friday: "But doesn't a glass of wine sound soooo good right now?".Wednesday: "Ugh you stopped drinking?  Please come to this wine tasting with me and my parents tonight!".Just now: *sends boomerang photo text of her toasting cocktails with four other friends* "This is our drinking pit stop!" (You literally post everything to Instagram why are you sending THIS picture TO ME ALONE of all people)..I am in no way expecting the world to revolve around my decision.  What I would HOPE is some of my closest friends not ACTIVELY SEEK ME OUT TO DRINK.  Do I bait the friend who is perpetually single and desperate into feeling worse about her loneliness?  Do I bring the friend who is trying to lose weight fried food?  Do I tell the friend who is constantly emotionally overwhelmed with tiny tiny issues to STFU and get over it?  NO!  Friends are supposed to be supportive listen love maybe even help a little?..Don't mean to bring anyone down on a Saturday but it's either here or I'm going to unload on some poor unsuspecting friend and it's not going to be pretty. ..And in the spirit of my mood I'm going to add a special word to this feed's motto for my day today:..IWN*F*DWYT so STOP ASKING!..(You're all an inspiration thanks for listening to me gripe!)
----------immediate responses--------

I found that people who have no inclination to change their drinking habits just won't understand your decision. Mine have got the message thy just don't invite me to anything where booze is the star attraction anymore...It's just the way it is...
Yeah I hate to tell you this but it is a very common thing that the people who you used to drink with will actively try to sabotage your sobriety. I think that it comes from the (subconscious) understanding that if YOU drink enough to recognize a problem then THEY who drank right along with you may also need to look at their own drinking...As you know it is a very tough decision to make and requires a ton of self reflection...That they probably do not want to do.
I had stuff sort of similar to this happen when I first told my friends. After a little while once I was comfortable with telling more about it I sat down with each one individually and told them why I was drinking why it was important to me to stop and explained how difficult this was for me. They didn't fully understand it all but they did respect my choice more afterwards. 
I totally get it and have similar things going on. In fact I have been that terrible friend in the past and clearly it was because I myself had a problem as well. When friends talk about going out and getting drunk etc (mostly in group texts) I just ignore the comments hoping eventually if i don't react they'll get it. Just taking it day by day. Good for you for staying strong and IWNDWYT!
They'll eventually get the picture!
They can't hear you. Almost literally--they have to deny in order to keep their drinking in the Harmless Fun Everybody Does It column. It doesn't work if one of their friends is being profoundly hurt by something so Fun and so Harmless that Everybody Does...If they paid attention to you they'd by extension have to pay attention to the risks of their favorite pastime which they are deeply invested in ignoring. It can be a lonely thing but you will also be there if one of them finally needs to hear.
When you go to high school your friends change...When you go to college your friends change...When you marry your friends change...When you have kids your friends change...When you divorce your friends change...Aannndd...the one that always hurts....when we quit drinking our friends definitely change.  ..They are on their path now. Your path leads elsewhere. Growth hurts sometimes.....And sometimes newfound sobriety hurts those left behind- too many guilty questions to answer I suppose. Best to get you drinking again. Hurts less..
Bitch all you want here! It *really* helps to get negativity out of my head and into the universe...Your friends are being jerks and I'd tell them so. I never expected anyone to curb their drinking (except while at my own home because I make the rules here) but I'd be hella pissed if my friends pulled this crap with me. You make very valid points in regards to not baiting your friends who are struggling in other areas... perhaps you should have a discussion with your friends about this. Preferably before anyone has had anything to drink... cuz tipsy people don't like to hear about how booze isn't awesome. ..You're kicking ass! Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
I LOVE your point in paragraph 3! That is so spot on. I actually think you could sit them down and say that. Something like "We all have our different struggles whether it is dating weight loss or depression. Mine is drinking and I would like support not sabotage." If they continue their texts I would be SO tempted to text back  - No breweries today but want to join me on a cupcake crawl around town??? 
I like a lot of others found that when I quit drinking I realized that all my friends were just drinking buddies. That's pretty much all we had in common. I had to find new friends. 
