-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rz2wd/im_new_here_and_im_filled_with_nervous_excitement/

I created this account because lots of people know my primary username and honestly I'm not comfortable sharing this struggle with my parents just yet...  I'm 26 and a bartender in Manhattan and drinking has become a daily habit that is affecting my mental health my relationship with my girlfriend my relationship with myself my friends and my job.    I think its time.   I have tried to stop before and have always gone back to it.  This time its harder than its been in the past.  ..This past year has been very difficult for me.  My girlfriend and I just moved to a new apartment which was very stressful and expensive my parents are in financial ruin and my sister and I have been supporting them financially for the last year or so.  .I have also experienced a drastic uptick in my anxiety. . .All of this I have dealt with with alcohol.  For the last couple of months Ive been getting drunk not having a drink or two but actually getting drunk almost every night of the week.   the nights I didn't get drunk id at least have 2 or 3 drinks.  ..I had an anxiety attack on Thursday my girlfriend helped me through it and then went to work.  As soon as she left I went to the bar.  When she got back I could tell she was disappointed and honestly that disappointment is what has driven me to not drink these last 2 days.  She is the best thing that's ever happened to me and I cant live with treating her with anything less than the respect and love she deserves. ..I'm reaching out.  I'm coming to you all as a community to tell you that I need help.  I need support.  From what ive read I think I will find that here...thank you for all being awesome...I will not drink with you today...(which I think is what you all say at the end of these.)..thank you..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! So glad you're joining us.
Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself regularly promising "not tomorrow" then not following through.   That's because promises of "tomorrow" are empty and a shell game...Tomorrow never comes.  *I cannot experience tomorrow*.  Neither can you...So I lied to myself.  I misrepresented my impairment to others.  I stole support emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones.  I might "be in the room" but I wasn't present...I needed support.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  The were warm welcoming and non-judgmental.  ..I got support to stop drinking and learned to live sober and present...My loved ones deserve it I deserve it.
Welcome. A great aspect of living in Manhattan for you is that there are endless places stores cultures etc. to discover in stead of drinking. I lived and worked in the city for over a decade and I'm very familiar with the amount of drinking that you can do there. I drank every night and not just a little. I also had panic attacks caused by running myself down from drinking (and the constant speed of life in NYC) and I would actually stand near the entrance of Beth Israel figuring "if I'm going to collapse this is the place to do it". I found Allen Carr's *Easy Way to Control Alcohol* very helpful and I'm still working at incorporating its truth into my daily life. Now that I live Upstate and quitting drinking I really wish I had the endless available diversions that the New York City offers. Best of luck to you.
I personally found that while I was so afraid to quit once I began taking it one day at a time and got time and distance from alcohol the benefits I was getting were positive enough to encourage me to keep on going.  I'm still in early sobriety but I can tell you one thing I'm so relieved to have escaped the cycle.  My life looks much more manageable from over here it's more fun it's easier it's simpler and although I have responsibilities they are more acceptable even welcomed.  I'm better equipped to manage my money my days and my job.  I sincerely hope you get to experience the relief that comes after the storm.      support coming over from Somewhere in Canada.I will not drink with you today! 
You can beat this and welcome!..I've found coming here first thing in the morning and sharing the mantra helps considerably:  I will not drink with you today. ..If I'm feeling low I check back in. I'm 20 days today but I've immersed myself here and in books dealing with alcohol. That reading has helped a great deal...You can make it and everyone here will support you we're all in it together. So: I will not drink with you today!
