-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s0blu/i_was_a_chronic_relapser/

I was what you may call a chronic relapser. I have been completely alcohol and drug free for five months today and this is the longest I have ever been clean and sober- it's so incredibly awesome because I could never make it past 23 months. ..I had been trying to get off of alcohol and/or some sort of drug since 2005. 2005! I'm an alcoholic and had problems with multiple substances (we can leave out the types of substances because it doesn't really matter). My typical song and dance was usually looked like this- I would go on binders and drink or drug myself into oblivion and basically put myself and my family through crisis and then I would pull back and sober up for a bit but only to return to intoxicants with a vengeance. This cycle continued through me getting married starting a career getting 2 graduate degrees and having three kids. No matter what direction my life took it involved substances until one day it stopped. ..On August 21st 2017 I was withdrawing from opiates.Being the clever drunk I am I decided to drink while withdrawing from opiates- but here's the clincher I took Antabuse just so I wouldn't drink at that time. But like and idiot I drank anyway. So there I was on 8/20/17 withdrawing from a horrendous opiate addiction and drinking while on Antabuse. I was so sick that I lost 12 lbs in 2 days from.Vomiting. The Antabuse sickness was the most horrible thing ever but the opiate withdraw amplified it 100x over. The worst part about that day was that I had my 1 year old son at home with me while my wife was out for the day with my other two kids. I had hit bottom. Physical mental and Spiritual bottom. My wife was done. She sat me down the next day. She was ready to pack the kids and go to her mothers. I looked her in the eye and promised her I was done. It was true. I was done. I had to be done. I didn't have anything left i me to keep going...Here is what worked for me to avoid relapse again:.- God. My Spiritual practice is centered around my relationship with God. If you don't have spirituality I completely respect you and I wish you the best w whatever you find to be your rock. But for me I totally focused on improving this relationship in my life. I pray twice a day without fail..-Daily Meditation. I meditate for 20 minutes everyday. I practice mindfulness meditation. This is huge for my recovery because it has taught me to stay in the moment and not get trapped in my past or my future. That whole  one day at a time and just for today  philosophy is best utilized with a meditative mindset..-Social support. I have utilized AA meetings in the past but I haven't attended in years. What I did do however was worked the steps. Working the steps with someone was a huge piece. I integrate 12 steps into my life daily..I also call someone immediately when I think about a drink or drug. I use to NEVER EVER EVER call people and talk about my cravings. Now if I even so much have a fleeting thought about booze or drugs I destroy it by bringing it into some form of communication with my brothers and sisters in recovery. I talk about it I explore where it came from and I make sure another person knows about it. This method single handedly saved me a few times in the last five months. .-Exercise. I run bike swim lift weights do yoga. Addiction is a physical disease. Why wouldn't I use physicality in my recovery. Plus exercise releases endorphins..-I cut out porn. Porn is shit. It keeps your brain fucked up during recovery because it produces a similar response neurochemically as using or drinking. .-I sleep when I'm tired. 8 to 9 hours on average a night. My rest is vital..- I now set boundaries. I say NO when I need to..- I have really worked hard on my relationships. I put a lot of work in them because I understand their value..- I'm a nice compassionate person to people I come in contact with. I suffered for close to 20 years with my addiction. I know about human suffering. I'm gonna chose love...Hope this helps. And remember you have a choice. If you have been battling this for a while you can stop for good!..God Bless you all.JT
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this...
Action Action Action!!..I learned alcohol cannot catch me!..Sober On!
great post man! 
Awesome post and advice and congratulations I am so happy for you and your family!
