-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s4qoe/two_weeks_back_on_the_horse_literally/

Hi everyone! I've made two weeks yay! I couldn't have made it this far without being able to come on here everyday and reading everyone's posts. This place is wonderful....A bit of a backstory - I'm a 29 year old girl who quit alcohol for about 6 weeks or so last year after multiple stupid drunk decisions and actions regular blackouts hating myself for what I'd become and becoming scared for my future. During those 6 sober weeks I decided to pick up a new hobby. I'd always wanted to do horse riding as a kid and with all my new sober time energy and extra money I started taking some lessons and was LOVING IT! ...After about 6 weeks I started to drink socially again. It went ok for awhile. But eventually I was back to drinking every weekend and then every night. I started blacking out again making stupid decisions again acting like an idiot again. The usual....At the same time I began to lose interest in riding. I struggled during my lessons feeling exhausted just riding which took effort and concentration away from improving my technique which made me kind of stuck in a rut. I began cancelling classes every so often as I couldn't be bothered and I knew I wouldn't enjoy feeling so tired during the lesson and not improving at all....Funnily enough I attributed all of this to a "tough" new coach who was super focused on technique and so I felt like I was moving backwards rather than improving because he was so strict as well as the fact that I was incredibly unfit. I thought about going to the gym to improve my fitness but again I couldn't be bothered. I had no motivation to ride anymore and I was disappointed that my hobby had failed me. People would ask me how my riding was going and I'd kind of say "yeah it's ok" and not much more....Guess what. It wasn't a "tough" coach that caused this and while I was quite unfit it wasn't really that either......It was alcohol!!!...Anyway fast forward to the present. It's been 2 weeks of no drinking. I've only had 2 lessons in that time. But holy crap I am absolutely loving it again!!! I've realised that my coach while strict is a good amount of strict and is helping my riding by improving my technique. And the last two lessons I haven't been exhausted and so have been able to actually focus on my technique which makes me feel like I am getting so much more out of my lessons....I imagine the horse I ride is also appreciative of having a human that is giving him more correct cues and he is not lugging around some hungover lady who smells like last night's wine....Basically I've realised that my hobby didn't fail me I failed it. Other than the blacking out the stupid decisions etc alcohol made me lose all motivation to ride. It made me unable to do my best in every lesson. It made me want to give up something that I had always wanted to do and that I had previously been enjoying so much....It makes me wonder what else in my life it has affected. But at least I know now why I lost motivation and struggled so much. Now I know that by not drinking today I will not only avoid a hangover and some stupid facebook posts or messages or fights with my partner or whatever else but I will set up the rest of my week to have another good riding lesson and live the rest of my day to day life as best I can!...Thanks for reading :) I will not drink with you all today!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing. Still time to make the next Olympics. Sky's the limit!..IWNDWYT 
Well done! I can absolutely relate to the enjoyment you can gain from not drinking
Nice.  The trees flowers and shrubs I plant in my garden do much better when I am sober and I water and prune them.  Amazing how sobriety can change more than just ourselves!!!  Congratulations and courage to you on your continuing journey.
Horses are magical   .I'm glad you are finding your peace sister! iwndwyt!
Congrats! Horses are great animals to help healing and great motivation to be sober. I found riding with hangovers made my temper short so my horse learned to be timid when I was like that. Shame how much time I wasted... Get in the gym and your riding will take off even more! Good luck! 
What a great story- good for you to coming to these realizations and doing something about it. Sounds like you love your new hobby and that you have a great coach! You'll learn so much and you won't have alcohol to detail your progress. I've personally come to the conclusion hat moderation just doesn't work for me- I eventually end up right back where I left off- in hell! I'm on my official day 2 so my hats off to you for completing 2 weeks! Wow!
