-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s6j77/i_have_to_push_through/

I had been sober for about 3 years prior to this holiday break. Before finally getting sober I experienced multiple bouts of DTs stays in detoxs rehabs jails hospitals half-way houses etc. Couldn't hold down a job or function at all. In a constant state of drunk/withdrawal you know how it goes...Withdrawals always scared me in some sense but this last relapse hit me like a ton of bricks. I would call myself an alcoholic before but never realized if I didn't dig deeper into myself and life that's how I will probably die. I can't just white-knuckle my life and ignore my thoughts. ..It started with a few glasses of wine with my (alcoholic) family they know I've been sober but hey. That night quickly turned into me sneaking around drinking fifths of shitty liquor buying 40s lying not keeping promises etc. I was on a bender for 5 days I flew back home and bought some more malt liquor I guess during this time I was texting my gf suicidal thoughts (as always come out strongly when I'm blacked out) and she contacted one of my good friends who ended up essentially saving my life. .I went to bed around 2 am like "shit gotta wait until 8 to go buy more so I'll just sleep it off" Barely a thought of "I need to stop." If I had more liquor God knows where I'd be right now. At this point into my little almost week-long bender I already skipped work. By 6am I was in a full state of withdrawal (I'm 26). I dry heaved for 12 hours straight my heart was racing all I felt was tremendous fear. I was hallucinating and tried to ignore it. I felt I might seize (I also have epilepsy and hadn't been properly taking my meds during my bender). I called my friend and she got me to agree to let her take me to the ER. I have never been seen so quickly by a doctor last to check in and first one let back. ..I don't want to die this way. I still crave for it and now withdrawal nightmares are back in full force (those died down quite a bit over the years). I plan on checking out an IOP in my area am continuing to work trying to communicate more openly with people and especially my gf I plan to continue taking classes this semester but we shall see...That was the scariest day(s) of my life I realized I had everything I ever wanted...but all I wanted was alcohol. When I was 19 a counselor in a detox center told me I was a "gutter alcoholic" and I scoffed. I would be in a gutter right now if I didn't feel the love of my friends (I felt no one cared about me prior to this binge that's an underlying theme in my life I feel I'm ready to address now)...Anyway not sure where I was going with this just needed to share. I've been lurking around this forum for a few weeks and it's really helped.
----------immediate responses--------

You're being really brave. So glad you're here with us. &lt;3
I'm glad you're here! You can do this! You don't have to be low-bottom to be a drunk. You can have everything this world offers and still desire alcohol so much you'd lose everything. I will not drink with you today :) Keep checking in!
Thank you guys :) One day/moment at a time right now but glad I'm not drinking.
