-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s9lva/does_it_bother_you_when_i_drink/

Last night was my 2-year anniversary with my girlfriend who rarely drinks. She's the type who can have two sips of beer and leave the rest on the table while she chats while I'm the one obsessively watching it wondering if I should just finish it for her before it gets warm. ..We went out for a nice spaghetti dinner and she had one glass of wine to celebrate. She's a lightweight so as we were walking to the car [I drove of course ;)] she tipsily asked if it bothers me when she drinks. I didn't even have to think about it: "Nope. Not one bit." ..The quickness of my response almost surprised me. So we talked about it. And I realized that before I got sober I really did think that every dinner out would be a constant struggle seeing other people drinking enjoying good wine or cocktails smelling it hearing the waiters describe it all that would surely set me off every time... I figured I would be a bitter dude like my recovering uncle who we were never allowed to drink around as teens or my ex father-in-law who refused to go to any restaurant that served liquor. I just assumed sobriety meant feeling a constant loss/emptiness...It's not that I don't sometimes struggle with cravings -- I totally do and they suck. Sometimes I need to leave a party or turn off a movie because there's more booze than I can handle. But over time those weak moments get outweighed by stronger ones. What sobriety REALLY means to me is so much more than what I don't have: it's the peace and calm that I DO have now. Serenity I guess? The freedom you feel when you sit through a delicious dinner without ever having to worry about how many sips are left in your glass or whether the waiter is taking too long with your 4th drink or whether anyone else at the table is counting obsessively like you are. ..Replacing booze with serenity was the best decision I ever made in my life and I wouldn't trade it for anything. To anyone who's struggling in the early days or even the early years stay strong remember that no one drink is worth what comes with it and keep checking in. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

My friend you absolutely hit that one out of the park!! Well said thank you. The serenity.
Thank you DFWonder this is a great post.  I feel that way already... I hope to continue to!  I worked hard to give myself positive rewards for my preferred behaviours from pretty early on I'd have to check my posts back... maybe at around a week I started?  I figured that kicking the deeply ingrained habit most effectively would involve a huge shift in my Perspective about what sobriety would mean to me.  So I wanted to focus more on the gains and forming better neural pathways.  I'm thinking it's worked so far!  I'm glad I took that route.  My other choice was to miss alcohol and rue my decision to abstain by viewing it as a big loss.  Now I deeply appreciate just how much better off I really am.  I still have things I need to accomplish for sure!  But I believe I built a good firm foundation that I trust in.  And I defend it with all my love and gratefulness.      I truly became a peaceful warrior for myself.  It's the **best**.I'm very happy not to be drinking with you today 
Awesome post. I really identified with a lot of stuff there.  Especially the part about when to order that next drink a lot of strategy goes into that decision...
I like the way you think! I'm with you!
Good for you! Being sober is so much more than just resisting and fighting cravings. Sobriety has given me the peace I was seeking with alcohol. I will not drink with you today. 
You described my experience precisely and it has gotten more comfortable with more sobriety.
Awesome! 
this is really powerful. thank you!.and good for you. whole heartedly happy for you. and good on your partner for *asking* you how you feel &lt;3
Yes thank you!!
Thanks so much for your post! I am saving it to remind mewhen sobriety seems like a bore that serenity is totally worth it!!    IWNDWYT!
Well said!
Oh that is so perfectly said - and I so needed to hear it today! Not because I'm struggling right this minute or hour... but because I was oddly concerned I wasn't struggling ENOUGH this part week...I just have a growing peace with my decision to stop drinking and fill that time energy and money void with way cooler things...what you describe as that sense of serenity... oh yes that's creeping in where the obsession used to be.
Replacing booze with Serenity....I like that idea!
Thanks DF! Great post!
Nice. Yep we can never hold any animosity to anyone else who wishes to drink; that's the path to further pain and relapse.
Great post. I spent a lot of time feeling no sense of serenity. I try to show a peaceful aura now. I don't really care if a couple people drink around me so long as the bottle isn't in my face. ..I like not drinking because I'll never miss a wink.
Well said.
Thank you this is helpful.  I had two years once I remember that feeling of empowerment.  I also remember leaving parties early - the burning in the brain during the craving and standing there dissociated trying to figure out what to do.  IWNDWYT.
Good to know it gets better. Right now any triggers are doing my head in.  
I am with you. Congrats.
This really boils it down for me.  Thank you for the beautiful post.  
In my earlier days I hated that question. Now I have no problem with someone asking me that. I look at that question now as people being kind and making sure I'm comfortable. As long as they don't care that I don't drink then I don't care that they do drink. I Love u all!
