-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7savgp/one_day_at_a_time_but_for_how_long/

I've been struggling for a while now with addiction I don't really know how or who to ask for help. I found this subreddit and have been lurking and have finally built up the nerve to post...Since I was a teenager eve dealt with substance abuse I grew up in a household where both parents were addicts. My mother got clean when I was just going into high school leaving my dad to battle his monsters alone when I was 20 she move out leaving us I rarely see or talk to her now more than a few times a year... IM 28 now and in the past year my life has really fallen apart at the seems. I've pushed everyone I know away everyone of my childhood friends have abandoned me some for good reason some for no reason. I've lost two salary management jobs in the past 12 months ruining my career. I've gone through dangerous benders and hit rock bottom. You know your in a bad place when drug dealers don't even want anything to do with you. I couldn't even get weed to smoke. ..Unable to score anything for the first time ever. Forced to see reality sobriety shocked my system and for the first time in years I've finally been able to see the damage I've been doing. I walked away from the bottle for now but I know IM not through it yet IM coming from 20-25oz vodka a night with over half a bar of xanax with 2-3 grams phenebut and roughly half a gram shatter daily and microdosing LSD every few days to completely cold turkey on the booze I've limited some things to taper off as cold turkey is too hard for me right now; my phenebit intake and xanax are rationed only to help sleep sporadically and never consecutively and its been around 2 weeks since I've had a drink with no intention any time soon...IM still battling with my addiction and am trying to limit my smoking I am completely sober today and in the past 4 days have been able to control myself more than I ever have in the past I've had 2 completely sober days and 2 days where I waited until close to bedtime where I rewarded myself with 3 tokes of shatter for having some control. I plan on staying sober all day tomorrow until Wednesday night where I will allow 3 more tokes for having completed 2 days sober. I am trying to let my sobriety grow and foster the illusion that I can manifest a better reality for myself. ...Its just very hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel but I remain hopeful and keep to those have have been through for inspiration. I just really could use a friend someone who understands me someone who wont push me down anymore. .. on top of it all I might have a child but am having real trouble working with the mother to find out for sure. .i have dealt with more stress then someone should have to go through and and really looking for an outlet to manage myself in a responsibly way..i enjoy learning music and try to spend my down time with learning but theres a scratching at the back of my brain and at times its so hard to ignore i dont know how long i can sit in a toxic environment. .i am currently living with my alcoholic father who is a drug addict its a very toxic household and we argue often.  i had wanted to travel to clear my mind now that i am at a point between jobs and needing to get my head on straight but have been threatened to be kicked out of my family as traveling without a job is more shameful in their eyes than addiction...IM having a real hard time these past few days and just dont know where to look for support. ..i know hard times are part of life and its what makes us who we are. ..i just wish i could get through this already...i will be staying sober tonight. ..Thank you to whoever read this. IM sorry for rambling; putting it into words helps...if you have been where i am id love to hear your stories. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here...I went to meetings and found people who understood what I was experiencing...I got tools resources and support...I've never been happier!
Getting it down helps definitely. It's late here in the UK so I'll keep this short. Welcome...Focus and you can do this. I try and get into a routine I check in here every day and that keeps me focused. I will not drink with you today and I hope things improve. Stick to it!
Wow It sounds like you've got some serious challenges. The good news is you are taking positive action to change your life. I'm glad you're here. Know you are not alone and many have been sitting where you are before. Many of those people are here and reading their stories on SD helps. ..I know SD has helped me I'm in the early days of this change too. Do you live somewhere you could attend AA or other recovery meetings? The support and community there may be really helpful.
You are already making the initiative to change. Congratulations. Please try to focus on one day at a time. If that seems hard try one hour at a time. I second getting into a routine it really helped me. I am listening to an audiobook. Try to find an activity that interests you. Physical activity can be helpful too. Just a walk around the block when things seem tough at home...I'm glad to have you here! You're doing tremendously :D &lt;3
I could not stop by myself I had to get help from a group who knew what they were doing.  Your situation sounds complex but recovery is available to all of us no matter what.
You are not alone.  When you said you use drugs to reward yourself it really resonated with me.  I used to do the same.  I realized that what I was truly doing was punishing myself.  These days I am actually rewarding myself with self love peaceful rest &amp; by surrounding myself with good people.  I don't know you but I'd bet money that you are a lovely person full of promise &amp; deserving of all of the good things that sobriety has to offer. I'll gladly not drink or use with you tonight.  
Welcome. I'm glad you're here and that you had the courage to share your story. That's a HUGE step on the road to recovery. ..What worked for me in the early days is reminding myself that perfection is the enemy of good. Although I know that moderation isn't really ideal I'd consider it a victory when I was able to string together a couple of sober days followed by a day in which I dabbled without getting super wasted. That helped me slowly see the benefits of not drinking which made me want to keep trying. It took scores of attempts before I was able to string together 2-3 weeks so just keep at it with the knowledge that there's at least one other person out there that's been where you are right now...I'll gladly not drink with you today. 
Thank you all so much for the comments the support means so much. 
Welcome! You have come to a good place. I won`t drink or use with you today!
I admire your strength and resolve. Sounds like you are doing all you can to stop your addictions. You deserve to be happy. all the best.
I wasn't able to turn things around until I spent some time getting to know myself and working things out. For me... I wrote a lot. Then I read This Naked Mind (it's free!)...I check in here every day to remind myself of my choice too...I had parents who were big drinkers and that really changed who I am today. For anyone that has a similar background it could be worth taking a look at 'the laundry list' at children of alcoholics...http://www.adultchildren.org/lit-Laundry_List..Thanks for sharing friend. Good luck. You've got this and we've got you!
The similarities between our stories is astounding and I'm here to tell you that you're not alone. I grew up with both parents being alcoholics my father used drugs occasionally and my mother is a narcissist. There was a lot of abuse both emotional and physical growing up. My mother served my father divorce papers when he was in the hospital after an attempted suicide. I was 7 years old. I didn't see my dad again for 18 years. My mom kicked me out when I was 16. I had to finish high school living out of my car and bumming around at friends' places. Needless to say my drug and alcohol use started early...Shortly after high school I got a girl pregnant(I think there's been no paternity test and the mother was difficult to work with she's since married and started her own family so it's not my place to interject) and joined the military. If you know anything about the military it's where they teach you how to drink. It's part of the culture. So my habit grew. It grew to the point that I was drinking a fifth of whiskey(or close to it) a night. Anything to escape my reality. Anything to fall asleep. I say asleep but it was more of a blacked out stupor in which I didn't know how I got home or into my bed or I'd wake up in places that I didn't recognize. Then I was deployed. It went well enough. No serious injuries or permanent damage. Until I got home. I got into an accident. I dislocated my shoulder and tore the labrum in my hip. I was put on narcotic pain medication and was awaiting surgery. I was also in an incredibly toxic relationship. I waited for four months. The surgery never came. For one reason or another and my injury wasn't a priority. Four months is a long time to be on narcotics. Especially when you're providing them to your girlfriend and her friends too. My habit quickly escalated from popping pills to snorting them then injecting them. From there it was a quick slippery and easy slope into heroin cocaine ecstasy and anything else I could cook up in a spoon and put in my veins. Couple my drug use with chronic alcoholism depression anxiety and some minor PTSD and I ended up sticking a 16g IV catheter in my right arm and bleeding myself out. I was found because I was supposed to be at work. I can't say I was happy about it then but I am now. Shortly after my stint in the psych ward I was court martialed and sentence to 30 days in the brig for patterns of misconduct among a few other things. After I got out I was still using. I didn't get the help I needed. I didn't want it. I didn't want to change. I thought the whole world was against me and that was my escape. A couple months after being released from the brig and returning to duty still with all the problems I went in with I went AWOL. I had to get away. I had to remove myself from what my stressors were. I was back to living out of my car just like before I joined the military. While I was AWOL I got clean not in the safest or healthiest way but I did it. I got clean because I was tired. I was tired of waking up sick. I was tired of stealing to get enough money to get my fix. I was on thin ice with my dealers because I had shafted them on several occasions. I was a mess. I had hit rock bottom. And I knew I had hit rock bottom. I once used toilet water from a mcdonald's bathroom to cook up my H and put it in my veins. I had lost everything. I threw away my career. I didn't have much family to begin with(they still don't talk to me) and I lost or pushed away the few friends I did have.  .A few months later I was picked up for shoplifting some food. I was sent back to my unit for another court martial. I was sentenced to a year at Ft. Leavenworth JRCF. .I've had to rebuild my life from scratch but the best part about hitting rock bottom was that it gave me a solid foundation to build the rest of my life on. I've been clean for 6 years in February and I started my journey to sobriety 547 days ago (3 months before I got married my wife is sober now too). I'm not going to lie I've had some slip ups I've had relapses. I haven't ever used drugs since I gave them up nearly 6 years ago or gone on any crazy benders but my last drink was 64 days ago. Some days are harder than others the cravings still rear their ugly heads from time to time but they're manageable now. Especially with my support system and my wonderful family. A lot has changed for me. I went from destroying my life to having a fairly successful career being married being a father and so on and so forth. Things do get better. You have to want the change though. You have to want it more than you want your next breath of air. Good luck. 
