-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sd2fb/a_strange_series_of_events/

I have been relapsing for about a month now.  Surprising drink is not even effecting me at this stage. I have to and want to stop.  Yesterday was day 1 again.  A strange series of things happened.  I got a call from a friend who did dry Jan and he was raving about the positive effects but is going back on the sauce this weekend.  I was really delighted to hear about the benefits but then was confused as to why you would go back on it??..Secondly I went for a run last night and I felt great after it. It was a better use if my time I felt and slept better...We all talk about days here but one thing struck me what if I only had 100 or 50 days left before alcohol caused my life to end I realized for me I should look at counting days in a more positive way...I also found a book on quitting which I love but it got lost in a move it reappeared this week!..All good but unexpected signs..Iwndwyt
----------immediate responses--------

Ah the signs are everywhere!  So glad that the book reappeared.  May I ask what you are reading?  Let's keep it moving Riverrocky!..IWNDWYT
When I'm open and receptive life brings me little gifts.
I did Dry January last year and liked it so much I didn't stop.  There was an excellent article in The Guardian recently that was shared on here (well worthy of a read) and in it the writer described how he would give up drinking until a certain date in the future eg 150 days or a birthday or a wedding.  When he was not drinking he didn't miss it but once the due date arrived he would very quickly be right back to where he started from and drinking to excess.  I suppose the point I am trying to make is that if you tell yourself you can drink again at some point in the future then quite obviously you haven't stopped drinking your mind knows you haven't and will look forward to the future "reward".  If you really stop for good then that is it.  Final.  It is a very different mental process and for me it was the mental aspect that needed to change before I could stop...I've given up = missing something nice.  ..I don't drink = not drinking. 
