-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7se25p/struggling/

Hi r/stopdrinking..This is an awesome sub with some awesome stories. I'm really impressed by those of you who have made the leap and stuck with it..My trouble is... I know I NEED to stop drinking. I WANT to stop. But....When I see posts like "1000 days sober" I feel awe and also dismay. I can't imagine ever getting to that point. .The fact is that alcohol is a tool for me. I work an intense job and it's my off switch. I have a high capacity. I drink 3/4 beers and a bottle of wine every night and I hardly feel it. I get up at six am and never have a hangover. Because I am a steady constant drinker it's never got me in trouble. I've never hit rock bottom. No DUI no fights. Alcohol "works" for me..But I have to drink more every day and the buzz disappears faster and faster. I know each short-lived high is followed by longer and longer bouts of gloom..I've tried cutting down and dry days and for a while I kidded myself it was working. But that one bottle on Friday turned to two on Saturday then that weekend was blown so hell I'll try again in a week or two..This is a habit of twenty-five years I want to break. It feels like I'm at the bottom of Mt Everest looking up. To be honest I'm scared. I don't know whether I can live without drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't look at the 1000 day-ers - even though it's completely amazing it will drive you mad..You just need to concentrate on the next 24 hours and pledge not to drink. Check in here every day - it really works..I will not drink with you today. 
100% I will not drink with you today. Today is all we have to work with. Make it YOUR DAY! :)
Alcohol 'worked' for me too right up until it didn't!..I think probably everyone here has felt exactly the same as you at some point.... I certainly couldn't have imagined being sober this long when I started but I'm really glad I took the plunge.....There was a really interesting post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/) about the idea of 'functional' alcoholism... as time goes by if the drinking isn't addressed things tend to follow a fairly predictable course and it doesn't end well I'm afraid.....I tried half-arsedly to stop in the past and it never really stuck for long... *this* time around I had the support of my doctor this sub and resources like [*This Naked Mind*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw/videos) which has been an absolute game-changer.....Change is scary but you don't have to struggle alone... there's nearly 95000 of us here ready to cheer you on!..Taking things One Day At A Time has also made all the difference - there's no need to worry about what might or might not happen in the distant future that's just a distraction from what *action* needs to happen *today*!..Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I'm not drinking today if you'd care to join me.....Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
My goal is not to reach high numbers my goal is to make a decision each day that drinking is not benefiting me and I will not drink today. 
Some of my favorite words of wisdom are:  each day is day one.  There are people here with thousands of days who use that motto and it really helped to settle my heart.  Not only do I like it for sobriety but I like it for life.  I like the idea that every morning is a chance for something new.  No matter what you are doing trying to get sober trying to become a marathoner trying to master an instrument trying to live in peace the days *are all stacked up one upon the other in 24 hour increments.*  ..I like this from the Talmud:  Who forces time is pushed back by time; who yields to time finds time on his side.  ..Try not to worry about the time.  Be kind to yourself in the moment.  Care for yourself in the moment and let the rest take care of itself.
&gt;I feel awe and dismay..Hey I'm exactly like you:  I've never been sober today before...You and I each have today.  The exact same opportunity...Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself regularly promising "not tomorrow" then not following through.   That's because promises of "tomorrow" are empty and a shell game...Tomorrow never comes.  *I cannot experience tomorrow*.  Neither can you...So I lied to myself.  I misrepresented my impairment to others.  I stole support emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones.  I might "be in the room" but I wasn't present...I needed support.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  The were warm welcoming and non-judgmental.  ..I got support to stop drinking and learned to live sober and present...My loved ones deserve it I deserve it.
I feel dismay when I think about staying sober 2 days much less 1000. Fortunately it is physically impossible for me to stay sober tomorrow so I only plan to stay sober today. Tomorrow can go F itself.
I didn't think I could go more than a week without drinking. And it's been hard at times but I've been amazed at my ability to stick with it. It sounds cliche but  one day at a time  has really gotten me through some tough cravings. It can be sad and scary like you're saying goodbye to an old friend but it's worth it to feel better and not have to worry about it anymore.
We are all on day one all the time! I never ever thought I'd get a month sober. Or two. Let alone three. It's really just one today after another. ..Glad you're here!
I was really "good" at drinking too. I drank with impunity into my late 30s. As I grew older I started to notice changes. Drinking had lost its fun. My tolerance was through the roof. I was spending way too much money. My memory was getting noticeably bad. My GI tract was a disaster. I couldn't focus without a few beers for breakfast. I was shaky and my anxiety was spinning out of control. I was sick and tired of feeling sick and tired. Drinking was what I did. It had become a huge part of my life. I realized the financial physical and mental costs of alcohol were beginning to outweigh any "benefit" I was receiving. The thought of quitting forever seemed daunting. How was I supposed to live the rest of my life without drinking? How was I supposed to have fun? How could I socialize? How was I supposed to celebrate? How was I supposed to deal when bad things happen?    .**"One day at a time"** Instead of imagining your entire future sober as Mt. Everest just focus on the next 24 hours. Break it down into smaller victories. They soon add up.    .Believe it or not there is life after alcohol. My inability to wrap my head around living without alcohol was just a testament to how thoroughly addicted I was to a shitty drug. It was madness. Alcohol creates and fills its own void. It is the ultimate time thief. Now I wake up without an alarm before dawn. I mindfully enjoy the small pleasures of what life has to offer. I get shit done. I feel great. I have more money. My anxiety is gone. My GI tract is back to normal. My mind is clear. My wife and I are getting along better than ever. Improvements across the board.        .For 20 years I *knew* I had to do something. I tried every way to cut back. Thousands of different plans and strategies. I wouldn't drink alone. I wouldn't drink before 5pm. I would only drink wine and beer. I would only drink on the weekends. I would only have 2 drinks. The list goes on and on. Inevitably I would break my rules and go back to my normal cycle. Over and over and over. I finally had to embrace the fact that moderation was an illusion. I was genetically hardwired without an "off-switch." Alcoholism is a progressive disease that will kill me. Therefore I must avoid it at all costs. There was no point in having "just a few." It was torture. I drank to get *drunk*. Therefore I had to only worry about avoid that first drink. It was as simple as that.
I feel like I just read something I wrote; I did a double check..While today is day 2 for me I've strung together more sober days hanging around here than anywhere else for past 6 years.  So while badge resetting is an avocation of mine I keep finding that when I compare and contrast how I feel and think after days drinking vs. days sober I really prefer the latter.  I would suggest to invert that mountain - you are at the top of Mt. Shitface.  You've done the hardest work like me.  It isn't easy abusing/punishing the mind and body that hard - most people I know would die in a month if they attempted the drinking/smoking/drugging I did.  There just isn't a trophy for making the summit.  And the view fucking sucks.  Once we quit the self-abuse it is all downhill and that could be seen two ways: at first easy pink cloud then instead of one group of muscles aching from the climb another group begins to cramp during the descent.  That may be the best analogy for what happens to me.  I start the descent into sobriety experience cramps (cravings) in different areas of the body or brain and rush back to the summit of safety and get high again - rather than HALT or rest.  So before I write a chapter to a book I'll conclude that you are responsible for your thinking not so much your situation as nobody here chose the problem per se.  Since it is my responsibility to get control of my mind IWNDWYT
My story is similar in the sense I drank a lot every day and never really had a rock bottom where something  bad  happened to me. Then I read Augusten Burroughs comment. Something bad does happen time passes. Time that I could have spent doing something productive or creative was wasted on drinking. Don't get overwhelmed or discouraged by the number of days sober others have. This is all about you one day at a time. You won't regret taking your life back. IWNDWYT 
I was talking to a lady at AA the other day telling her how I'm not sure I'm a real alcoholic because I've never blacked out never got  a DUI never lost my job or hurt my family. I never hit rock bottom. She said to put the word "yet" at the end of each of those statements. Just because you aren't there yet doesn't mean you aren't headed there. I get intimidated by all the 1000 days sober posts too. I go to AA and everyone seems to have 20 or 30 years. I can't get passed a week. But I think we just need to take it one day at a time. I will not drink with you today.
I was in a very similar position to you. Started doing some sober curious reading and lots of newspaper articles to back it up. Then came back from holiday after Xmas and just stopped. No Big Bang just a fizzle. I believe my success so far is because I've found the buzz in choosing sober. I never chose wasted. I chose tipsy but didn't stop at tipsy and ended up wasted. Even if looked ok to others. I was blacking out and still'functioning'. If you're up for it get some books (Allen Carr The Easyway/ The Naked Mind / Jason Vale kick the drink) and loss of blogs and pod casts. They give you a tool kit that means  you can pick what works for you. .I'm 15 days in and 2 weekends. I'm tired and dreaming a lot but all definitely worth it. Good luck xx
I'm similar but was conscious of my health and how much money I was wasting. I definitely  feel fitter and more motivated - 3 weeks without  a drink. 
From someone who has tried for over a year to cut back and then quit it IS possible. ...I truly TRULY truly never thought I could make it this far. I had 14 days under my belt before I slipped a week ago and I didn't even enjoy the booze. Just felt weird on it. ...You can absolutely do this. 
