-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sfvm5/my_story_disgusted_with_myself/

Hi all.I want to share my story because I feel like I have to get this out before I can move forward. I am a 28 year old mother of two beautiful boys. One is 2 and a half and the other is 6 months old. I have a wonderful life with a supportive husband a home. We struggle a bit financially but we always make it work. I don't know why I keep doing this. ..In high school and college I was a bit of a party girl. I drank a lot and dabbled in cocaine and mdma use which I would do every couple of months. I thought it was normal because everyone was doing it. I was sexually abused as a child and alcohol and drugs helped to take my mind off what had happened to me. I used them to help me feel better feel normal and forget. Once I graduated I stopped the drug use and just drank. Every weekend I would get blackout drunk with friends. My husband drinks too but he always knows his limit and he rarely gets hammered. Lots of stupid fights have occurred because of my proclivity to get blackout. I thought everything was okay because I was functioning. I had a good relationship a masters degree a good job and lots of friends. ..During my pregnancy with my first I quit drinking for nine months. After I had my first son I drank on weekends some wine at home sometimes getting drunk but not always. Then I got pregnant with my second son. I never drank during either of my pregnancies. My second son was born very early and very sick weighing just 2lbs due to some heart and lung issues. He spent 4 months in the hospital and I was on autopilot. I never drank. I just got through each day. Now he has been home for 2 months and I am finding myself getting drunk way too often. At least three days per week. A couple of weeks ago my son fell on the stairs and hit his head. He needed stitches. I was too drunk to drive. My mom came to pick us up. You would think that this would be a wake up call make me stop. But I didn't. ..This past weekend I went out for a friend's birthday and I got hammered. Someone brought out cocaine and I joined in. At one point in the night I realized that I was cutting up Coke with my son's health card. I am absolutely disgusted with myself. What kind of a mother am I that I would do something like this. The coke kept me up until 7 am and I slept all day the next day. My husband took the boys to the park. My toddler kept coming into the bedroom and saying "mommy is sick". It breaks my heart that my boys aren't getting the mother they deserve. My husband has no idea that I did coke and he would be disgusted with me as well. This was my lowest point. Being so out of control. So selfish. What if I had OD'd leaving my sons without a mother? What if I had been arrested? I don't want my sons to grow up with an alcoholic or drug addicted  mother. My husband's mother is an alcoholic and I know how he and his brother feel about her. ..I know alcohol is my crutch. I have a lot of baggage from my childhood and my son's near death that I don't deal with. I feel guilt and shame about the sexual abuse and I feel responsible for my son's prematurity because my body couldn't carry him. I have never told anyone but my sister these things. I act so strong. I never cry. Instead of confronting these issues I drink to make myself feel better about this pain. I need to stop but I don't know how. The guilt I feel about drinking and being a bad mom just drives me to drink more. I'm not trying to make excuses. I know that a lot of people have it worse. I should be grateful for everything I have not pissing it away. ..After what happened this weekend I have resolved to stop drinking. I don't like the person I am when I'm drunk. I can't make good decisions. I'm not the best version of a mother to my boys. I want to be present on Saturday/Sunday mornings not a zombie. I hope it's not too late to turn this around to be the mother and wife my family deserves. My boys are still young. I feel like this is my chance to fix this before I do long term damage to them. I don't want to wait until they hate me. ..Thanks for reading. I felt like I had to get it out so that I can finally admit that this is a major problem and get the courage to move forward towards a life without alcohol wrecking everything. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are still very young and can definitely turn this around girl! We all make mistakes but knowing that you want to change and even posting here telling your story is a huge step. You might slip up from time to time but admitting that you have a problem and that you want to get better and change your life is where the change will start. I'm trying myself to stop drinking too. It's very hard at times and I have slipped up - and each time that I slip up I immediately know that continuing drinking is not the life I want to lead for myself. I feel sooooo much better sober and so much more full of life. I'm 26 and feel that the best years are still ahead if I turn it around. I think that we can do it!!!
Easy on the self-condemnation.  ..I have a mental illness called alcoholism which makes me do crazy shit.  I got help without help it was too much for me. ..Get help and you've got a chance. 
it sounds like you could use some therapy! try not to beat yourself up over what could have happened. it just gives you even more anxiety. For me the floodgates open when I've had that magic number of drinks. nothing is off-limits and I can't be bothered to listen to any good advice. everything that has gone wrong for me stems from that first drink. ..all you can do is move forward from the past. you're gonna be okay! I will not drink with you today!! 
Welcome. You've come to the right place. You'll find many supportive people here that have experienced similar situations and faced similar struggles. Many here suggest reading *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace  or Allen Carr's *Easy Way to Control Alcohol*. Also checking in here and posting often can be very helpful. I wish you the best. Remember: one day at a time and sometimes it's one moment at a time. 
Yes Yes YES!! TheGirl! Sounds like you are thinking about your drinking with clarity...I started out in a similar way. Was diagnosed with post pardum depression after my third kiddo...which then was turned into actually being clinical depression for years before that.  Drank myself drunk daily anyway...My future?..Now I'm 55 years old mommy to 3 kids at 21 16 and 13. Went from 1 drink of  I got this- I NEED this' to a fifth of vodka a day at the end - depressingly fast.  I was what I call a Well Managed Alcoholic. Stayed sober while kids were home from school. Drank all night long with last drink allowing me to sober up and get them off to school. Gulped down vodka immediately after waving them goodbye.  Sober in time for 3:30 pm bus. Ad nauseam. Never leaving the house enabled me to never encountered any legal repercussions (the yets)..I would die for my kids yet I was killing myself slowly despite them. Crazy. I couldn't do it for them or my husband. I had to realize that I needed to do it for ME. I had to take care of myself first and foremost in my drinking then all else would follow and my family would reap the benefits too. Make sense?..Keep coming back here and read all of the stories and advice that will help you find your way and get the support/programs that you need to do this. I couldn't do it all on my own...This mommy will not drink with y'all today 
