-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sk2bi/pink_cloud_is_gone_not_struggling_to_drink_but/

I'm just writing this out to put thoughts to paper.  It took so much will power to quit drinking and even more to get off a 10 year benzo addiction (always taken as prescribed).  After getting completely clean I felt pretty amazing for about 1.5 months without much effort.  ..I allowed myself to eat whatever I wanted as I transitioned and didn't worry about gaining weight and being lazy or whatever.  The focus was on letting my body cleanse itself of the poison that is alcohol and benzos.  ..Now I'm starting to feel the impact of a sedentary lifestyle weight gain and the resulting decreased energy.  Starting an antidepressant is compounding these affects but was very much necessary to get off the benzos.  There is a new hole opening up in my life and I need to re learn how to fill it with better things than addictive substances.  The crazy thing is sugar nicotine tv smartphones etc. are all addictive in their own right and have begun to plug the hole in a bad way. ..On the one hand I feel like this newfound existential yearning is my body and my mind telling me to live my life again like I haven't been doing for so many years.  It's just hard to get started.  It almost feels easy in comparison to stop drinking.  I could do anything I wanted as long as I just didn't do one thing.  It was a relatively inactive change than just required time/patience.  Now I need to be more active in my change.  ..Settling into this new sedentary lifestyle and starting an antidepressant has zapped me for energy.  I know I need to start working out eat better find new hobbies make new friends and more.  It all seems daunting.  I feel like I can sit on my couch and avoid alcohol without issue....but venturing into the world and learning how to live again is much more difficult.  ..Anyway I guess it's going to take effort and time.  I wont drink that's what's most important but my mind is telling me not drinking isn't going to be enough.  I need to create meaning again.  ..Anyway thanks for reading.  Any advice is appreciated.  Much love. 
----------immediate responses--------

Really good post here. I'd consider starting off slowly with say just walking. Do you own a bicycle? I would count even small steps as victories now don't sweat the big picture just focus on today.
So true! I am currently battling sugar addiction. I also get sucked into my phone (thanks Reddit) and video games. My therapist says if you want to do something different get off your ass and give it just 5 minutes of your time. It will usually stick. I have also found that daily meditation has helped improve my mood focus motivation and anxiety by exponential proportions.
So much truth. 
I relate so. A lot of my issues underneath the alcohol are bubbling up at the moment and I seem to be responding by becoming paralyzed numb and tired. Nostalgic. A sense of meaningless as you put it. My new addiction seems to be reading. I can disappear into a book for hours and kill most of the day with it. Not have to face my own issues because I'm in another world. ..I am an introvert and most of my socializing was with alcohol. I just don't know how to connect with people and get over my anxiety without it yet. ..I also am disheartened that my work is suffering the past few days. Without the alcohol and even the hangovers to blunt the world everything seems so intense and I just shut down. ..I promised myself I would shoot for at least a year. Let's not give up it's still early days for both of us. I am hoping things work themselves out..
Great work on the 1.5 months that's awesome. I've definitely noticed since stopping drinking that certain obsessive and anxious behaviour I've always had is way amplified after years of being dampened by alcohol. Definitely a good idea to not change too many things at once but just keep trying to make small changes and see how you go. I'd recommend taking up a hobby like knitting which I know sounds boring but is really good when you're watching TV to help get your mind starting to focus on other things. Set 1 or 2 small goals for the day like "go for a walk for 10 mins while listening to a good podcast" or "just do one more small cleaning thing around the house before watching TV". Good luck   
Walking is a good way to get some exercise and clear your mind. 
/r/stopdrinkingfitness come pick up heavy things and put them back down again ;) 
Thanks fo writing this. I just wrote about very similar feelings but not as well articulated as you. Working out how to actually live life is the next challenge eh? I guess one day at a time too :)
I have a hard time with this too!  It's always been easier for me to take things out of my life than to add things in.  My usual pattern involves trying to do too much at once (Hobbies! Diet! Exercise! Socializing!) beating myself up when I inevitably can't keep it up then devolving back into my sedentary lifestyle. I am trying now to focus on one thing (my diet) working on being consistent with it(but not yelling at myself if I slip).  Any twinges I get to do other things (exercise hobbies etc) I follow through on those twinges but if I sit on the couch doing dumb shit all day I'm not sweating it because it's bonus stuff at this point.  Once I get a handle on my diet I'm going to pick another thing to focus on rinse and repeat.  Taking it in smaller bites is really helping!
Best of luck.  What anti-depressant are you on?  The last one I tried made me EXCEEDINGLY groggy no matter when I took it daily.  I found it had a pretty huge impact on my lifestyle as I didn't feel like doing anything....which is what I was trying to avoid by taking anti-depressants.  ..As far as sitting on the couch is concerned I have to treat that as a reward to myself.  I used to grab a six pack and go work on something in the garage or shop.  I could do whatever as long as I was drinking.  Now I have to sift through the sober thoughts and tell myself that I'm supposed to be *living* my life and not just taking it wherever it happens to lead me.  Being mindful of my thoughts and actions helps immensely.
Wish I could give you more than one upvote. I feel you tons
