-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sljd1/about_to_be_at_90_days/

It is about 90 days since I quit drinking and quit smoking.  I have been to just under 50 AA/NA (I do not use drugs just used to drink alcohol) in that time period.  I have completed intensive outpatient rehab as well...I feel like I am doing well.  No urges or anything to drink.  I do however feel bored a lot and I feel I do not really resonate with the AA message well.  I never got a sponsor though I do have a list of numbers to call which I would use if I felt the need to.  I also have not worked any of the steps because I do not really agree with the step program for myself personally (I do see how it could be great for many people though).  I feel I do get something out of the meetings by hearing other people's stories recoveries and struggles though.  ..Does anyone else have any advice on my disposition to AA? Am I just not getting it or is recovery possible without it? ..One of the main things I disagree with is the powerless part of it and that you cannot truly recover and not fail without it.  I feel like it is almost a fearmongering message to me in that it says you cannot do it without this program and you need it.  I know this is moreso to get you to submit to a spiritual side to help with the struggle but I personally feel my success or failure is based upon myself and that I am responsible for my failures without excuse.  ..Thoughts regarding it? Should I keep going to AA and try to get it or is AA not for me?
----------immediate responses--------

I have gotten and stayed sober without AA. It's a wonderful program that has helped millions of people but it just isn't right for me. At all. Luckily there are many roads to sobriety and AA is only one of them. 
There are other programs like SMART Recovery and Refuge Recovery for example that are support groups.  You can find several additional options by googling "alternatives to AA.". My experience tells me a group of like-minded people is very helpful during the process of changing your habits and life..It may take a few attempts to find the best fit but it can be worth it. IWNDWYT!
I have gotten sober both times on my own. I had court ordered AA at one point. I didn't stay sober from AA I stayed sober because I was scared shirtless after my DUI. I have great friends and family and I visit this sub daily. IMO do what works for you. Stay busy talk to your support system and take it one day at a time. You can do this no matter which way you chose. 
I have stayed sober no more than 90 days straight since I was 17 years old. I'm turning 34 next month. My mom went to AA when I was growing up and managed to stay sober for many years straight. She no longer goes to meetings and seems to be a normal drinker now. I've managed to string together those few weeks with and without AA. I know that when I try to quit on my own I feel irritable restless and discontent. This time I'm attacking it from all fronts I'm going to do 90 in 90 I have my first session with a substance abuse counselor on Thursday and an appt with a psychiatrist next week. I know something is broken in my brain if I still can't manage to stay sober longer than 3 months at a time so I feel I'm finally willing to do whatever it takes and I've seen the program work for others with stories similar to mine. Next step is choosing a sponsor. I know it is possible to stop using alcohol but AA promises me I can stop and actually be happy. That's something I still haven't quite figured out on my own. 
