-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sn6tq/struggling_a_little_at_85_days/

So I have 85 days and during previous attempts I've made it to 88 and 103. I'm so close to beating them  but I can feel myself falling into the mindset of "I don't really care about this anymore fuck it."..I've heard that 60 to 90 days is a pretty rough time for everyone. It doesn't help that my job that has been very stable is throwing a lot of change at me. I'm losing my supervisor who I adore and I'm changing locations and clients and I have to learn everything all over again. I do not do well with change! I've already put in 35 hours this week and it's only Wednesday and I feel like I have to prove myself and gain the trust of this new supervisor when my old one just completely trusted me...Does anyone have any tips for when you feel like you might be slipping in your resolve? I know drinking won't help and I keep reminding myself of all of the little miseries I endured when I was drinking but I feel like this is the timeframe during my sobriety when my brain is really working against me. When does it get better? I'm not at the point where I'm considering relapsing but I'm starting to not feel as turned off by alcohol as I was and with my stress level being so high my brain keeps defaulting to "wouldn't a glass of wine be nice?" I just don't want to fail again :(
----------immediate responses--------

I have  no idea as I am at day 8.  BUT as I read this I admire that you are at 85 days!  YOU made it through the holidays and kept going.  That is amazing.  TURN off the monster in your head.  He isn't worth it.  Good for you.  
I can see the stress in your words.  I'd be tired if I were you.  But drinking ethanol doesn't really relax me it slows me down and makes me lethargic.  Which is kinda similar but not really. ..Yesterday I treated myself to a massage with some of the money I saved after two weeks of not drinking.  Is there something you could treat yourself to that would be more relaxing than a glass of juice-alcohol?  ..Going to a movie or a sports game?  A pedicure or hot shave at a barber shop?  Buying some new article of clothing you could wear to work to lift your spirits?  Ordering take-out or delivery the rest of the week so you don't have to cook?...fill in your own relaxation treat here...
It was defo a push to get through the first 4 months for me it *does* get easier after that...
Maybe imagine yourself dealing with the changes hangover. Or the disappointent you feel after the first couple of sips. It works for me sometimes. I am sending strengh to you. Alcohol can make things only worse. 
One good thing about a new supervisor is you have the opportunity to work for someone who has never seen you hungover or call in sick after a night of drinking. I don't know if that has been an issue for you but it certainly was for me and it could be a blessing in disguise. Hope that helps. IWNDWYT
I know that I need meetings (AA Smart Recovery Refuge Recovery...) books to read and exercise..Best of luck!!  IWNDWYT
I haven't gotten to 85 days yet but I sympathize so I wanted to share [a really great post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/428xyx/how_to_deal_with_a_case_of_the_fuck_its_xpost/?st=JCT7A57P&amp;sh=dd63002c) about getting the  fuck-it's ..Yes it's a thing.       I Saved this for a rainy day I hope it helps you .IWNDWYT
Little measly 3-weeker over here who has never made it this far just popping in to say that YOU have it in you!! You said it yourself:  I know drinking won't help.  ....Come back here rant and rage about your shitty work sitch and keep getting props for your awesome work on 85 days!! You'll be happy to come out on the other side of this work transition still sober. IWNDWYT friend. 
One day at a time. Every day without booze is a better day. A day with less anxiety less depression no drunken ramblings or mistakes or texts you have to read in embarrassed regret the morning after no DUIs no stomach issues or headaches no wine mouth no beer breath. One day at a time. You can do it. IWNDWYT!
Yeah the devil voice whispering sweet nothings about having a drink.  It's the booze logic and it's not your idea it's your fucked up brain chemistry.  Order it to stop making suggestions to drink.  Sounds stupid I know but that tactic helped me not drink. ..Here's what I do.  First I think about who I want to be and that person is a very different person than who I was when I was drinking weak fearful stupid - whatever I hate that guy.  Now I think about the mojo I brought forth to stop drinking it was really difficult - now? I feel like I can conquer anything. ..Second I break down the change or challenge coming at me into bite sized pieces in my mind and they I think - "I quit drinking after over 20 years of daily boozing - bring this shit on.    Change is GOOD you not drinking is a new dynamic in your life this job change is also a new dynamic.  Drinky you might not react so well.  Non-drinky you is  a million times better equipped to handle a new boss new clients etc..   This is all good!  Reward for you not drinking - change!!  You know you can do this. 
It took me three tries to get past 4 months.. First was 5 days second was 42 and the third was 112. What worked for me is meetings and step work. I'm coming up on 5 months now and the desire to drink is gone. I found a meeting that has coins for every month of the first year so keeping my 4 month coin on met all the time is great reminder. The cravings do go away. Sometimes quickly but for me it seemed to drag on for ages. Then I looked back and realized it was only 4 months... it gets better fam. Recovery is lit. That's what the kids are saying these days I guess. I will not drink with you today.
Hey I know those feels man. A lot of people with a lot of time under their belt still say  take it one day at a time  and that's what I try to do. In my year of sobriety so far i have felt that  fuck it  feeling come and go. The key is even when you feel like drinking to just not do it just for today and start again tomorrow and eventually it passes. I'm not sure when ultimately the urge goes away and I'm not positive it ever entirely will but I can say that it has gotten easier. I think it's just a very long slow process. Getting it off your chest certainly helps! It's easy just don't pick up! 
Please keep going you inspire me. I can't even do one night. So tell me tomorrow you got to 86 x 
Keep going. I slipped at 48 days and am trying not to beat myself up too much but man...I wish I had just kept my streak going. One day at a time keep going...Imagine how great 104 days will feel!
I always mentally give up at 90 days and then relapse around 120. I can't make it past 120. ..I feel like it's a self-sabotaging thing like the last gasp of the stronger level cravings saying that we could just end this and go back to hanging out with friends and everything being fun again. ..I feel like it's not wanting to identify as an alcoholic or admit I have a real problem that can't go away with moderation. The voice says "I made it 3 months/4 months it wasn't that hard obviously I don't have a problem here. Most of my friends couldn't do it and THEY aren't alcoholics right?" ..------..As for what you're going through right now my advice which is easier said than done would be to set some boundaries at work. You don't have to prove anything your track record is your proof. Take care of yourself first. Get a massage turn off your phone this weekend and get away if you can. .
I'm new here and just completed day 1 yesterday but [this](https://www.addictshelpline.com/alcohol-abstinence-timeline/) was something that really made an impact on me...You're halfway to being in the 85% never relapse category.  Hold on to that.  One day at a time one hour at a time.
