-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sntil/the_sober_bartender/

Right now I'm currently sitting at a bar staring at fridges full of beer wine and liquor. I've just finished a shift at one of the two bars I work at and my head is killing me from last nights binge. It was at my other bar and I got so drunk I was actually asked to leave by my boss. I felt like a complete loser and went home ashamed and confused..I've been dealing with my drinking problem for a while now. I've had stints with sobriety over the last year but it never really stuck longer than a week or two. .Last night was the last straw. .I had previously enjoyed 4 days of sobriety and felt better than I had in a long time. I spent quality time with my girlfriend and caught up on movies and video games I'd wanted to get round to. I was happy and enjoyable to be around..Last night I walked down to work to get some paperwork sorted. The plan was to stay for no longer than 5 minutes then get home for an X files binge. As I walked in a beer was placed in front of me..11 drinks later and I'm stumbling home barely conscious. .I've decided this is the last time I'm going to have a hangover. So I've decided to write this out in front of me put it in plain English so I can just get it out of me..It's going to be a long road ahead with many bumps and twists along the way. But I feel like documenting it here with other people who are struggling is a healthy way of getting things off my chest when all around me are obstacles..Will be posting more along the way and hope people can at least get a little solace knowing that you've got someone else out here who's trying to better themselves with you..Have a happy sober night
----------immediate responses--------

check this out.https://ny.eater.com/2017/4/5/15177016/sober-bartenders-nyc-am-intel.
I hear you...I work at a homebrew shop.  Today I will be turning down drinks from my co-workers.  Tomorrow I will be turning down drinks from customers I helped put a beer recipe together a month ago and asked to try one to see how they did.  Friday I will be turning down drinks because it is Friday.  Etc...We are in the belly of the beast.  Our armor must be stronger our strategy smarter and our resolve forged from steel.  It will not be easy.  ..I will not drink with you today.
I eventually had to quit bartending. If you're surrounded by it and people enabling you it doesn't matter how strong you are you'll eventually fail. Think about a new line of work.
Seriously consider a new career path. 
