-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sr4vn/philip_seymour_hoffman_on_problem_drinking/

&gt; People who don't have a problem with alcohol don't have a problem with alcohol. You know they have their couple of glasses of wine and they go on their way. You know what I mean? And that's just the way it is. I am just not one of those people. So it's   you know a couple of glasses of wine is not interesting to me at all. You know what I mean? ... It's not a great pleasure for me to have a couple of glasses of wine. That just   that's kind of annoying ... Do you know what I mean? Like why aren't you having the whole bottle? ... That's much more pleasurable. So to somebody who doesn't understand that they just don't understand it...I listened to this interview on Fresh Air when it first aired and never forgot this quote. It hit home. I already knew my drinking was an issue and had been for a long time but I identified with the sentiment here and it ate at me. Some people have a bit of wine an go on their way. I am not one of those people...Edit: The quote also reinforces that people who don't "understand it" can safely be ignored when they try and convince you your drinking isn't actually a problem. "Why don't you just cut back?" They just don't understand. ..Another Edit: I didn't explicitly point it out but thought this important. This quote was from a time when PSH was sober before the heroin relapse that killed him. He said this reflecting on his soberiety and time in rehab.
----------immediate responses--------

The last  moderation I tried  was a total of 15 drinks a week2 days dry a week and a max of 3 drinks a day.Measured drinks.Every time I had 5 oz of wine I would look at the empty glass and think "that's it?  " I lasted 3 weeks.Moderation for me is impossible and exhausting. 
 There's two kinds of people in the world...those who get this and everyone else. 
This is exactly how my wife feels.  Why cant you just have one?  Getting tiring explaining it to her
This is so true. Thanks for sharing.
Even reading this is tiring. TIRING.
I don't buy that it's inherent in us.  I think i caused it by allowing myself to become dependent.  I'm the only one to blame for my problem and the only one that can solve my problem.
Saving this 
Saving this for my list on helpful thoughts on not drinking. Thanks for sharing. ..Also: I miss him so much. Him and Robin Williams. Gifts to humanity they were these two. &lt;3 
Poor Philip...
Yep...My sister once told me she liked to only sip her wine very slowly because she didn't like being tipsy or feeling like she wasn't in control of her body. She was like why can't you just feel like that?..-.- She clearly didn't understand. 
This is helpful. I already accept that so many people  just don't understand why  other things in my life like my tattoos my political views my diet my taste in music... so I should be able to apply that acceptance to those who don't understand my relationship with drugs and alcohol. ..Not to say that people can't learn and one day even change their mind but if they aren't open and willing it's unlikely they ever will. So I can leave it at that and just not argue with them anymore. 
Well I am not one of those people either. Never was and never will be. I like the deep buzz. ALOT. Just the facts for me folks...I will not drink with you today...As a side note I was a big Seymour fan.
The problem that has led me to my addiction is that while I enjoy every drink I have no drink is as good as the NEXT drink. There is no chance that two will suffice nor will three. Scratching my itch takes more. Not in the sense of a set quantity but in the sense of more than whatever I have in my hand at any given moment.
Thanks for sharing this. I think one of the nice things about what he said is that it gives me permission to simply not be  one of those people.   It doesn't judge people that can have two glasses of wine and be on their way *and* it doesn't judge people who can't. He chalks it up to being an individual difference like hair color or height.  Neither group is better or worse. They're both equally human. If you can handle your drinks enjoy them.  And if you can't that's fine too.  Either way you're worthwhile.  
Normal people start to feel out of control after three drinks. The alcoholic just starts to feel in control after three drinks. I try and explain the alcoholic brain like this to people. Can't remember what or where the quote comes from but it sure the hell makes sense to me. 
It's so true. Safely and vehemently ignore the people who don't understand. Thanks for sharing!
&gt;a couple of glasses of wine is not interesting to me at all...RIP PSH... His quotes on addiction and personal demons were so spot-on. thx for sharing  I will not drink w/ you today!   
I told a friend of mine and my Mom the same thing for me there was zero point in having one or two because even after I left wherever I was I would go home and drink more. I had zero interest in moderation. I could but I hated it. I too was a binge drinker. It's refreshing to see other binge drinkers here as many times I got told I had no problem with drinking. Yes I do I have a problem. A huge one. One as PSH said just wasn't interesting. 
Thanks for posting this  really hits home.
Thank you for sharing this.
I take a drink the drink takes me
Ah. Love fresh air I'm going to seek this interview. Thanks
[Thanks for sharing!](https://www.npr.org/2014/02/03/270954011/philip-seymour-hoffman-on-acting-an-exhausting-and-satisfying-art)
This quote hits home...You know what scares me most? That he possessed this kind of insight yet still relapsed. Addiction is terrifying.
the strange thing for me is that when i first started drinking regularly when i was 14-15 i was on the other side watching my older brother drink to full-on blackout and wondering why he couldn't just have a couple beers like me. thinking back on it now though i guess it wasn't actually that i ever said "i've had enough" just that my brother was a guzzler and then i'd have to take care of him... but when i was finally left to drinking by myself i came into my own style: slow and steady indefinitely 
&gt;"Why don't you just cut back?" ..My response to this is "Have you ever tried cutting a piss mid-stream?"
This totally rings true with me.... I used to get so internally pissed off if for example I was having dinner with my partner and he didn't want to have another drink he was fine with just 2. Or if I was in a situation where there was a little alcohol but my internal forecast said that it wasn't gonna be enough.... And it wasn't such an issue for anyone else! But we're gonna run out at like 11 I'll barely be drunk and I'll have to stop?? So frustrating!..Haha.... So grateful to be away from that anger and frustration and fear just for today ! 
I came across something on instagram that basically says an alcoholic is someone who's life improves when they stop drinking. In case anyone else on here is reading this thread thinking they don't need to stay sober because they don't relate to statements like this I wanted to jump in with another perspective. Honestly I am one of those people who feel out of control after 3 drinks and don't really enjoy being drunk. And the fact that I wasn't drunk all the time or had any sort of "rock bottom" or negative consequences is sometimes why I'm sometimes tempted to try to moderate my drinking instead of choosing sobriety. But a problem is a problem. I didn't like how I felt if I got too tipsy. I didn't like the heart palpitations trying to sleep after a couple of drinks. I didn't like how it affected my mood while I was drinking or the next day. I didn't like that I was regaining weight I worked very hard to lose. But I still kept reaching for it because it was numbing and felt like it was relieving stress and making me more social. But I didn't like that I relied on it for all of these things either...Reading The Naked Mind convinced me that alcoholism doesn't have to be an "us vs them" mentality. Alcohol is addictive and dangerous no matter who you are although some people may slide faster for various reasons. I get the sentiment in the quote--I feel that way every time I see someone easily and comfortably stop at a bite of dessert or one piece of pizza (and not feel deprived that they are not having more). ..Just my two cents...
This really resonates with me. Whenever I think of drinking again I think of getting wasted not  just having *a* drink. 
I completely understand what PSH was saying.  It was always frustrating to me to have a few glasses of wine and wonder why the people around me were still sipping on their first drink and were not at all interested in drinking some more.  Meanwhile I was worried about whether the rest of the bottle was enough and if we needed more....
I've been to Vegas for conferences and watched co-workers go crazy gambling seemingly unable to stop hitting the ATM to get more cash and just more and more gambling.  I don't get it I stand there watch and can walk away without giving a second thought then never think of it again.  Could care less...There are some people who have that same apathetic relationship with booze. (it ain't me)  Have a drink or don't have a drink - no big deal - no thinking about what time you'll start drinking this evening (or afternoon).  Why wasn't I one of those people...
