-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sw20k/just_had_a_major_wobble/

So far these 3 weeks have been a breeze for me. I always found that when I  decide' to quit the first few weeks are always easy it's the  long game' that has always been my struggle. ..I'm unemployed and I need to retrain. Recently I applied for university and was accepted onto two courses; however (due to a long story) I found out today that I can't get a student loan. This means no university. Bummed out I checked my email and found that I had also been rejected by two jobs. I didn't even make the shortlist (hence the need to retrain). There and then I thought fuck it let's get some beers. And then I thought but what good would that actually do? How would drinking beers now help? I'll buy ten 500ml beers spend  10 / $14. I'll drink them I'll feel sorry for myself I'll have a crap sleep and then I'll feel like death tomorrow. Afterwards I'll feel super depressed. What's the point? Why don't I just get on with life? Take it on the chin and move on. So I went to supermarket to buy some coffee picked up some chocolate and cola and then it rained on me on the way home! That's when I started laughing out loud in the street! It's like the universe went  and have this as well!  LOL. ..Anyway I got home and found a wage slip from a one month job that I did in December. I opened it and found I had a  128 / $182 payment that I didn't know I was getting. Nice!..I do believe if it wasn't for SD I would have cracked and drank. However because I take the daily pledge read your posts and see the pros with their 3/4 digit numbers this forum has helped me stave off a beer attack for today. I've a long way to go and haven't made 'beer freedom' quite yet but thanks SD!.
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent job! It's those little victories and how great it feels to have them that keep me going. I hope you can find a job or a way to retrain keep your head up 
"Take it on the chin and move on."..Love it.
You Played the Tape Forward perfectly wtg!!!..I will not drink with y'all today 
