-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sy546/30_days/

First Post here and I'm 30 days in. Finding it pretty tough today and I'm not even sure why so I'm just going to brain dump here... Since stopping I've come to realise how much I'd come to rely on drinking to try to control my emotions(we all know how well that works) . My dad died 5 years ago earlier this month and I'd drank most nights since he was diagnosed 18 months earlier. I'd always grown up with my parents drinking every night just not problematicly and both my surviving grandparents drink massively. Thing that gets me is they all believe they're wine connoisseurs not so sure but I'm coming to realise it's my sobriety and that can't depend on anyone else's feelings toward alcohol. I'd be at day 45 if it wasn't for being convinced to try this port over Christmas it's my fault though I took the bait; lesson learned. ..I decided to quit after my works Christmas party. I lost the two days after it being violently ill and I was pretty horrible to my partner when we got back so that was it really. I used to be super fit and into triathlon I stopped a while back and I drank more ever since. Also with cancer in the family I don't really want to take any risks with my health. The drinking made me slow lethargic and lazy so yeah it doesn't fit with where I want to be...One thing I struggle with and I've read a lot on here is not believing that my drinking was problematic. I only drank after work so I can't be right? Maybe I can moderate i didn't always go crazy? After feeling the way I've felt the last few days wanting to drink to numb my emotions says everything but I'd rather feel that pain now than feel it worse tomorrow morning and ruin this great thing I've got going on. ..Iwndwyt  I'm going to have a cup of tea instead. 
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong man you got this. I'm headed to detox tomorrow afternoon for my drinking and I'm scared shitless but I know it's what I have to do. Your story sounds alot like mine. We got this shit.
30 days is amazing. Keep it up!..I like this thought "I'd rather feel that pain now than feel it worse tomorrow morning"...
Sounds like our families are the same.  This is my first time addressing my drinking as an issue and the shame I feel over the stuff that has happened over the past 10 years... but no I did not drink at work or really during the day I wasn't "really" causing any one harm by getting lit on a Monday night... I am in this today and hopefully for a lot longer.  I won't drink with  you today (or tonight).  
My dad died two years ago and his birthday was yesterday. I kept thinking to myself last night that if he'd ever known how bad my drinking was and if he could be standing in front of me right now he'd be absolutely desperate for me to never touch the stuff again.I actually visualized him standing in my kitchen last night and the look on his face if he really understood and saw me thinning about the beer in my fridge. I don't know if that helps you at all but I thought I'd throw it out there just in case. 
