-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t6fnx/two_days/

Well two and a half if you count the hungover stupor from Wednesday but two solid. I've been reading threads in this community for some time now and trying to muster the will to post so here it is. Albeit with a new account for a number of reasons but all the same...It feels a little insincere coming here when I read about so many people's struggles and triumphs that far outweigh my own. I've got a drinking problem for sure but what a lot of y'all go through and go on to accomplish is incredible...I'm not really sure how to go about the rest of this. The first step is not drinking obviously but it's always more complicated than that. My birthday and a company function are coming up and booze has been such an integral part of my life for so long that I would honestly rather avoid both than attempt socializing without it. Not because of the social bit but having to address the problem with friends and family. Especially when it's been such a short time and it doesn't feel like I've achieved any significant landmarks yet...That being said I'm glad y'all are here to reach out to. Hopefully I can get the balls to confront everyone else sooner rather than later but for now I'm okay starting with myself and sharing with you. Thanks for reading and I won't be drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I am not ready to tell my family (other than my wife) because I come from a long tradition of drinking.....But every day for me is a landmark. I've simply told colleagues "none today thanks."."I don't want to catch the cold going around." That kind of thing...Peer pressure is a real thing but the choice is mine alone...I will not drink with you today!
Welcome yeepz! Two solid days is huge in my book! I have to protect my early sobriety as best as I can. Only you know what your capable of but in your words:.. I would honestly rather avoid both than attempt socializing without it. .. ... it's been such a short time and it doesn't feel like I've achieved any significant landmarks yet. .. I'm okay starting with myself and sharing with you. ..I had the feelings at first that I wanted to  go into the woods alone and lick my wounds first' before telling my family and friends that I relapsed. I wasn't in a head space yet to do that. SD was my lifeline at first. You do *you* and what you feel you're able to handle at this point.  You didn't say when birthday/company function is coming up...perhaps you'll be able to re-access things the closer you get to them. If pressed to drink at a function I couldn't get out of I'd say that I was on antibiotics and couldn't drink. People would respect that from a health point of view and leave me alone. Glad you're here...I will not drink with y'all today .
Thanks for the advice and responses guys. I feel a little bad I haven't checked back in but I've been trying to keep myself busy with work and projects as distractions and it's been working really well so far. A surprising but welcome side effect of not spending several hours at night drunk and in the morning hungover is a big increase in free time. The duality of having that free time and being excited about all the things I can do versus the frustration of not knowing what to fill it all with and lamenting the past time wasted is definitely conflicting but I'm trying to focus on the positives...I've only told my girlfriend and a few friends what I'm doing so far and they've been super supportive but more importantly haven't made a big deal out of it. A couple of friends were actually over drinking last night and asked if it was okay to do so in front of me and after assuring them it was carried on as usual. I just had a few cups of tea which was nice but I definitely need to get some better tea and other alternatives to keep myself preoccupied...Anyway things are going well so far. The urge to drink is still there but it's been easy enough to just acknowledge it and say no so far. Hopefully that stays the case. Super happy about one week down and I hope y'all are enjoying your progress as well!
