-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t9ka3/just_found_this_sub_new_years_resolution_to_stop/

I first drank when I was about 17. I'm now in my mid-30s. I never really liked it but it was cheap easy to get and legal..It led to other drugs and smoking and eventually I had to do other drugs along with drinking to make the drinking more bearable or even fun..My drinking REALLY started to become a straight up habit when I moved in with my sister and brother-in-law who drank every single night..After moving in with my girlfriend I couldn't break the habit.  We had so many fights about it because she doesn't drink at all but I had to have at LEAST 1 night per week where I could drink all I wanted and she would leave me alone..Eventually she gave into that and Friday night would be my drinking night.  She always tried to edge in on it by wanting to go out and do something to make sure I didn't start drinking too early and getting so hammered I'd puke or do god-knows-what..This had continued for several years without a break...Every christmas she would go home for a month (sri lanka or canada) and I'd be home alone with the dog getting piss blasted whenever I wanted...This last Christmas a sudden realization struck that I was wasted pretty much every day and I felt like absolute shit all the time.  I accomplished nothing and had nothing to show for it but a light wallet...On new year's eve I decided I was done..I immediately broke that resolution because I was half-cocked when I woke up New Year's Day and I still had half a fridge full of beer.  So I made a promise to myself that I could drink whatever I could on New Years Day and whatever was left the next day I would chuck and that was it...So It has been almost a full month now and every Friday night is a bit of a struggle but I'm doing it and I feel good about every Saturday morning that I wake up and I don't feel like trash and I don't get in stupid fights with my girlfriend...She is also extremely happy and she still lets me just play games all night friday night so everything is good.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome thanks for telling your story. Nice job and congrats on almost a month! You can get yourself a badge from the sidebar. They are a fun way to keep track of your days.
Thanks for sharing. Sounds like your decision will really help your relationship. What has been helpful so far? 
Welcome! Glad you found us.  If you want to grab a badge to track your days do that [here](https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/).
I made the no-drinking resolution as well. Stay strong. I love the feeling of waking up after a party or night out and NOT feeling like shit. It's more than worth it.
*
