-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tbfso/6_years_clean_and_now_im_starting_over_again/

I only struggled for a couple of years but then woke up one morning and said enough is enough and I quit. I quit for 6 years. 1.5 years ago I started to socially drink and now it's out of hand again. Last week I did awesome this week is hard. I'm so scared. I am so mad at myself and I'm so scared that I won't be able to get back to where I was. I know I am messing up. I know I can't live like this but I always find a reason to let myself drink. I'm not sure if I have ever been as scared as I am right now. I did well today but what about tomorrow? I miss me. 
----------immediate responses--------

sending you hugs! you can do it! you did it before for 6 years!
You got this!  You did it before you can do it again.  Just one day at a time.  Forget the past.  Just think about the future and what you can control going forward!
I've never made it to where you are having all the sober time behind you but have made some shorter stunts it feels so much harder at the start of each time but also gets better faster we become unable to kid ourselves as easily that one wouldn't hurt.  Like you I stopped then did occasions then weekends then weekdays and before I knew it I was back to a bottle of wine or more a night hating myself for not being a better me.  Nothing worth having comes easy eh. The thinking I am trying to change now is that alcohol offers me anything at all - I don't want to want to moderate why would I do that if alcohol is pointless and brings nothing to the table?  I have to pull myself up sometimes but I'm finding a week goes by and it hasn't even factored in my mind.  Gone off on a tangent you aren't alone I know it's tough but it's also worth it and you can do it.  I will not drink with you today (why would I it offers nothing)!
it's not your fault that you started drinking again!  you made the best decisions you were able to.  Now you're armed with more knowledge.  
{{{hugs}}} schandels. Don't beat yourself up. Pick yourself up. ..After 11 years sobriety I relapsed ~2 years ago. With Just One Drink. This time my bottom was not only an emotional and spiritual void but the scary physical toll it was taking on me hit home. I'm past menopause. I'm older . I'm physiologically different than before and alcohol was doing what it does best: harmful REAL damage to my skin liver pancreas kidneys water retention and at a cellular level. Googled all of the possible damage of alcoholic hepatitis cirrhosis and end stage liver failure as this was the reality of my fate if I continued to drink even one drink. Even just one drink. Moderation for me was a pipe dream. Through my relapse I learned that I couldn't control my drinking and I was finally back to where I was last time (look up kindling effect). My youngest is only 13 years old and I was killing myself physically with alcohol...I'm not ready to die yet... I miss me.   You are still the you that you are but perhaps you can reach out for support and find a program/method/support that works for you. I couldn't do it on my own. My AV Zombie is too strong of a beast as proven time and time again. You *got* this 24 hours at a time sweetie. We are here for you.....I will not drink with y'all today ..
I'm rooting for you!  Best wishes. This sub helped me immeasurably. Hoping you'll find the same. Keep coming back.  
I had nine years at one point and then went back for a long long time.  I missed me something fierce.  I came back.  I truly did.  You can do this.  Your honesty helped me this morning.  Let's only worry about each day and take it as it comes.  Let's go get this thing!
Thanks for sharing. Posts like this really help me stay vigilant. We are here for you. 
Your story sounds like mine a little bit. 3 years sober were the best years of my life. During that time I was sure I'd never drink again. It didn't appeal to me at all...But I am not a people person like at all and I live in a very drinky city. I had a long long dry spell because all the first date small talk was such a drag. I found most people to be obnoxious and dumb or completely boring. I started having drinks socially just to tolerate people. It very quickly turned into old bad habits for another couple years...It wasn't worth it dumbing myself down to tolerate mediocre people. But it makes me wonder how much more interesting the people around me would become if they quit drinking too.
Sometimes doing something different can help -I used two books This Naked Mind of course Annie Grace -and one not mentioned as much but really helped me The 30 Day Sobriety Solution - it gave me structure and action steps to do daily really helps get that first 30 !!!!YOU can do this !!!!!
Don't think of it like you fucked up. Your journey is your own. It's not others expectations or some goal like  total sobriety  or whatever that defines that. It's your health that is the goal and your decisions along the way that inform what you are and are not comfortable with. If you want to stop drinking entirely you can. But harboring guilt over the fact that you did and then didn't isn't productive or consistent with the overall goal. Your decisions about the future reveal more about you than your past mistakes if you even want to call them that. I would say you hit some speed bumps or pockets of traffic that other people didn't hit. Ok. But regretting the route you took won't get you to the destination any faster. There's absolutely nothing wrong with making positive changes in your life if they are positive for you. There are people from all walks who have made mistakes diets that were ruined by a cheeseburger for example. It's not important that you had a cheeseburger it's important that your future choices conform to a plan which makes you happy and healthy.
Thank you for doing the research necessary to allow me to remember that I Can Not be a social drinker no matter how much I think I can...Now Pick yourself up dust off and get on with it. What did you learn?
