-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7thb6p/6_days_first_weekend_sober/

This is my first weekend sober in at least 6 years. Friday's have always been exciting because I can spend a bunch of money of stupid booze and pretty much black out until Sunday. ..Why I thought that was fun.. I have no idea..It sure was hard not buying a fifth yesterday though. Still struggling tonight because I'm bored but it's not bugging me too terribly bad...Last Saturday I think I got in a fight with my sister's boyfriend over the phone got in a huge argument with my fiance and we scared the shit out of my son by fighting. I feel awful. We have been talking about cooling down the drinking for a long while now but it's to the point we realize there's no "moderation"... we knew this just tried telling ourselves we could cut back. We can't drink just a little. We drink until it's gone...I'm thankful we are both on board with quitting bc there's no way I could do it if he continued to drink. ..Today I woke up feeling great the whites of my eyes are white I went to the gym went tanning and took my son to the local festival downtown. It was awesome!! Where as any other weekend I wouldn't be good to drive and right now I'd be dreading the paranoia and the nightmares I would get tomorrow night...I'm excited for the good things coming. I wish I would have done this a long time ago. I've wasted a lot of time...I will not drink with you today!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! I will not drink with you today. 
I will not drink with you today. 
Your drinking habits sound a whole lot like mine. Friday after work it was video store liquor store maybe the grocery store; then home for the weekend either too drunk or too hung over to leave my apartment. It got better after my girlfriend (now wife) moved in but the pattern was the same.  .  .I'll hit 5 years sober in March. Some weeks breeze by. Some days it's felt like I was getting by hour by hour. But I've made it this far and I don't doubt that you can too. I will not drink with you today.  
