-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7thowv/my_friends_are_all_out_having_a_blast/

But I told them I couldn't come out tonight because I just didn't feel social. Not a lie but I feel like this is gonna be a struggle every Saturday. I am having major fomo right now. But I'm sober and checking in. Going to hang around here for a while! In a hour or two it'll be to late to go out anyways 
----------immediate responses--------

I used to feel the same way. Like I was missing out on something. Missing out on the "fun". With time and clarity I come to realize the benefits and peace that comes with a sober life.  Never really thought that was possible. 
I'm right there with you - I'm also in for the night. I'm focusing on how good I'll feel tomorrow. IWNDWYT 
hey Buddy....How long have you been Sober for?.There will be a time where you'll be able to go out and experiment with different settings and events. And it'll feel like you're experiencing things for the first time its quite exciting imo...Don't fret on moments like these. It's time to put your sobriety first and better things will come from it... remember: you are the one improving your life..be proud of it and accept that it will take time :)..
Glad you are here. I have more fun sober than I ever did drinking. Alcohol just makes boring situations fun by dulling the senses. 
I'm struggling with this lately too. I hope as time goes on it gets easier and the FOMO isn't so intense. 
Hang in there. This is a journey and you've taken a fantastic step. I don't entirely trust myself yet to go out into bar settings without needing a drink.  You do you'. Not drinking with you today. 
Update: I'm in bed feeling great! I made it  
How much money do you think you are saving by staying in?
You are missing out on that brief elusive window where people are actually having fun.  That it turns into a shit show.  People loss their phones keys wallets couples start fighting over God knows what someones going to drive drunk and tomorrow that's when you'll really be missing out..Your wallet will be too heavy.  You'll be able to keep your breakfast down maybe even make it to church not smelling like well... yah.  That's what you're missing out on.
Proud of you! 
Having fun sober is weird at first but you come to enjoy it. people who are sober and working a program are one of the realest people on the planet no lie. find some sober people who understand alcoholism and enjoy yourself man. All hope is not lost.
Think of not drinking like what they said in Harry Potter about Voldemort's name. The more you say  you know who  and tip toe around the topic in fear the more power his name and ego receive. 
Listen to AgentFunky Dao! You're not missing out on shit! I used to think the same thing. I would get angry &amp; jealous because all my friends got to drink &amp; I couldn't because I'm an alcoholic. It took me a while but now I realize that I'm the lucky one. Sounds fucking crazy but it genuinely feels liberating that I don't have to drink anymore. Not only that but I don't WANT to anymore. In time you'll be able to go out with friends &amp; you'll feel comfortable around alcohol. The time will come I promise you. Just believe me when I tell you that it's worth it.
Focus on you! With time you'll be able to socialize without giving in - it takes time! Take care of yourself first you got this.
How much fun were you really having when you went out? Was it really all that fun or are you just remembering all the good times and forgetting to remind yourself of the not-so-good times? When I start getting a case of the FOMOs that's what I ask myself. It helps me realize that I wasn't really having all that much fun I was just remembering the 5% of the time that it was actually fun. It's a phenomenon called selective recall. :)
"Having a blast (because of booze)" comes at a price for me. The price isn't a few too many dollars spent that night or a headache the next morning...The price is that I will slowly (or quickly) be drinking more and more until it's 6 or 7 nights a week. I'll think about how many beers I can drink how early in the day I can drink one whether i have enough at home or need to go back to the store. I'll have one at 11am Saturday or 10pm on a Tuesday just because. ..I think about that nonsense so much less now and alcohol has very little control on my current life. These first days are so tough but each one you make it through is a gift you give to yourself. I promise it's worth it. 
There are so many benefits to going out sober!.- having more money.- having a way home if you drove.- being able to remember everything..Some negatives include;.- handsy assholes who use their drunken behaviour as an excuse to be all up on you.- drunk people..It does take some readjusting but the benefits are there once the FOMO subsides. 
Sometimes I really don't want to go out. Other times I force myself to go because I don't trust myself to sit alone on a Saturday night and start a pity party. As I've gotten further into this process being ok with sitting at home and watching a movie or reading a book on a weekend night has become cherished me time. Being around alcohol has gotten easier but I always have an out. Housewarming in the suburbs? I drive myself and leave when I need to. Birthday dinner followed by drinks? I'll do the dinner and skip the drinks. Dancing? No one notices if I say my feet hurt and bail early. Next weekend all of my normie friends are going to a big beer festival in town. Not touching that one and have been making plans to spend the night at a young people's AA group I'm fond of. There's usually someone who's willing to grab coffee or dessert or late night food and before you know it you've used most of the evening and are ready for bed.
There you go! Keep track of that and see the huge tangible difference in your life. I use an app that keeps track for me of average money not spent. I have spent some of that saved money of self-care for myself including massages. :)..We got this! 
