-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ti10d/belong_or_begone/

I saying I heard at the first meeting I attended. With how much I've been struggling with the anxieties and cravings associated with the possibility of drinking again I did a hard thing tonight. Pretty much everyone I'm close with went to a party a few moments ago. I hung out with friends while they pregamed watched some UFC fight night (Great cards) but decided to hang back from the party. I don't belong there. I would gain nothing from interacting with intoxicated people smelling things that could be triggering and generally be anxious and uncomfortable. I know I made the right decision but it still fucking sucks. I feel like I'm isolating myself and I'm ashamed I can't participate in things "normal" people can do. I just needed to vent to people that get me. I feel like I did good but I'm just so for a lack of a better word sad. .
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to this. I'm very introverted on top of being socially anxious and I'm constantly torn between declining stuff and feeling like I need and want to socialize. For people who are more extroverted by nature maybe it's not the same struggle? I want to learn to socialize normally! Never exposing myself won't get me there though I suppose the intent is to only decline a lot when newly sober and then....baby steps.... 
You'll be able to go out sooner than later. But now work on what really matters. Be happy and proud of yourself for your decision tonight. Not all of us alcoholics can be that strong. .Go to sleep with happiness not resentment. You did the right thing tonight.  
I think you made the right (although difficult) choice. Foresight and will power are good things...Normal people do lots of fun things that don't involve alcohol that may not be helpful but try to remember it anyway. ..And if they are good friends &amp; close with you they wouldn't want you in such a difficult environment.
