-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tiak2/boyfriend_needs_help_not_sure_what_else_to_do/

Boyfriend's thoughts: (paraphrased by me) It's hard to stop drinking. With anxiety depression and narcolepsy and the stimulants that come with that -- alcohol is what I turn to to calm anxiety down. It's wrong I know this and I know I drink too much. I feel horrible at night after I've had too much and horrible in the morning. But what else am I going to do when I get home from work. I think about not drinking all day at work and I subscribe to this thread and read it everyday. This is an amazing thread full of amazing people. I need help and am too ashamed and too embarrassed to post here or ask for help so I had my girlfriend do this on a throwaway account. We just bought an amazing house in a great neighborhood and there are plenty of projects to be done and I want to do them but they never get done. I want to so many home improvement projects and spend time researching and watching and planning but never do anything or take actions and my girlfriend is getting pissed. I am not the person she fell in love with. I want to be a better person and I need help but can't do anything about it. Help. ..Me: I know he comes home saying he won't pour a drink and really wants to not drink but everyday he says "what else am I going to do?" and starts drinking. It bothers me because this is not the man I fell in love with and I know he can do so much more and wants to be better and I don't know how to help. My family is Irish (we love to have a good time) and doesn't have a history of drinking problems -- so this is all new. Though I'm not opposed to not drinking at all if that's what I have to do. I went to a party school and never drank for all four years of that. I didn't drink for most of my 20s. I really only started drinking when I started dating in my late 20s because it seemed like the social thing to do. And beer is delicious.  ..For years he has loved cooking and house projects and rescuing kittens in need and has taken immense pleasure in providing wonderful meals for us. He seems to have lost interest in everything he loved and it worries me. What's next? ..I've suggested not buying alcohol or having it in the house. It works for a few days at a time but eventually he will go and buy it when he needs to calm down and the cycle seems to continue in bigger proportions. He has explained that because he's on stimulants for narcolepsy his anxiety is high and booze helps stabilize that for a while. He has said that he can't stop and gets angry with himself at the end of the night when he knows he's had too much. He's also on depression meds and has talked to his neurologist and recently decreased the dose of those after complaining of a lack of motivation to do anything.  He's drinking vodka now -- and will mix it with sparkling water. He'll watch the same show on Netflix for hours because he doesn't have to think...We went to a friend's house last night and he had a great time but after we got home he remarked "it was all I could think about not to have too much to drink in front of our friends." I had no idea. He seemed like he was having a great time and it kills me inside to think that it was that much of a struggle for him to be there and not drink too much for fear of embarrassing me.  ..I know I've rambled so if anything doesn't make sense feel free to ask questions. ..I want him to be the person he was and the person I know he can be and I know he wants to be that too. I don't know where to go or what to do next. ..HELP! 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you talked to him about this sub? Would he be willing to join us?
Sometimes I think of alcohol/depression/procrastination as the Chicken and Egg scenario - which came first? ..I have found that since quitting drinking I get more done and my depression has eased up. Things seem overwhelming when you are drunk most of the time so it is easier to feel depressed until you drink to forget you are depressed and forget all the things you are putting off. Why not have your husband give it a shot for 30 days? He can always go back to drinking if he doesn't like sober living. 
[removed]
I'm a recovering alcoholic but my husband is a total normal person when it comes to booze - he likes to have a good time but ultimately can take it or leave it. He's seen me completely active in my addiction and the full progression of it. He's watched the disease almost kill me and has seen me from day 1 in recovery. ..That's all to say that it is possible to have a life together after you realize there's a problem but only if he's ready for help. ..The thought of going to AA was completely overwhelming to me before I got sober but I got to the point where I was so miserable and desperate that I went and it's the best thing I ever did. There's also a program called Al Anon for people with loved ones who are alcoholics. If you feel like you need support it's a good place and resource for you too. ..Ultimately he's going to have to make the decision to get help to get sober. Almost all of us need consistent outside help whether it's this sub AA treatment SMART recovery (another program that's an alternative to AA) or a combination of both. But it's wonderful that he's being honest with you. That's a huge step. ..Good luck to the both of you! 
I'd make an appointment with the doctor to discuss any possible narcolepsy med alternatives or adjustments and be honest about the drinking. Alcohol interferes with all his meds and increases his anxiety and depression in a horrible way so the first step is to remove the alcohol and get it out of the system and then adjust the meds now that they can finally work properly. It doesn't matter if it was the chicken or the egg; at this point you have to remove the chicken and just deal with what got laid...The first week is tough but he's tough. I know this because it is EXHAUSTING and incredibly difficult to maintain daily life while you are feeling this abjectly miserable and weak from alcohol all of the time and yet he does it. I'm not kidding--it takes an enormous amount of absolutely grueling toil both physically and mentally/emotionally. It's unbelievably painful...So he can get through a miserable first week of not drinking. 100%. I had to renew my determination and focus every day that first week by coming here to SD because the alcohol was still in my system and I needed support. Sometimes I took it an hour at a time. It's just tedious and unpleasant same as any other week *except there's hope*. There's finally a promise of healing and each day there's proof. ..And that will make all the difference.
