-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tkapp/things_people_say_after_a_relapse/

I commend the people who are brave enough to come on here and admit that they've relapsed. I've been there and it sure is cathartic. It also helps people like me who have a rocky time at sobriety. ..*HERE ARE SOME OF THE THINGS WE'VE SAID ABOUT SOBRIETY POST-RELAPSE:* ..."I had been feeling better than I had in years".."My head was so clear".."People noticed I looked better" .."I hardly ever got sick" ...*HERE ARE SOME OF THE THINGS WE'VE SAID ABOUT A RELAPSE:*..."Moderation didn't work".."I'm so mad at myself" .."I'm so done with this shit".."I've been sick in bed all day".."My head is pounding".."I let my SO down".."I'm so ashamed".."I thought I'd just have one" .."I realised I still can't drink" .."Reset my badge" ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

What a great catalogue of reminders!
Indeed
Yup
Absolute truth.
Great compilation. What a contrast. 
Gonna hold on to this list. None of us is immune to relapse. We must stand aware on a daily basis that our disease tells us we don't have it and we believe that shit!  ..IWNDWYT 
Relapse here last night.  All of the above.  Ugh.  I will not drink with you today.  
Saving this one. Thanks!
Thanks. 
Thanks for that! I will not drink with you today.
Truth!
Don't forget "it wasn't worth it" and "it wasn't even a good time."..IWNDWYT. 
This is a great post. I will not drink with you today! I am clear headed and am feeling better and better.
Aarrrggh. Thanks for the reminders.
"I realized I just don't like drinking anymore. I'm back for good this time" *Disappear three days later never to be seen again.*
The most important thing to say being; . I Will NOT drink with you today 
Saved. Thank you. IWNDWYT
 I let the life that I had built in recovery take me out of recovery  
Did you notice that the first four on the list are past tense?  Anytime the desire to drink hits me I think it would be a good idea to remind myself that "I feel better than I did when I was drinking" or "My head is so clear."  When I'm in that moment it's sometimes really difficult to remember how bad it was.  Thank you for posting this!
well said
Yup! Playing that tape forward is what's keeping me from drinking today. Because IWNDWYT.
"I realised I still can't drink"..Totally. Because a few days ago I was proud that I was only able to drink two glasses of red and then fall asleep. The very next day same two glasses plus an ENTIRE bottle of martini. The disorientation I experience the next morning was severe. I didn't know I had drunk the entire bottle. I thought I had just had one drink. Self loathing 
Glad you posted this.  .."What is wrong with me?" I have said many times and then remember I am an alcoholic and that's what we do.   ..IWNDWYT
Some of the relapse posts have really helped me avoid giving in.  When enough time has gone by to forget what it was really like and your mind starts painting rosy memories of drinking here is somebody who is still hungover and hating life because it wasn't actually fun.  I will not drink with you today.
A relapse is a setback but just keep moving forward. In my opinion you stop being an alcoholic the moment you stop putting this poison in your mouth.
Yes. That is what I used to say. Taking it day by day and reading these fabulous posts.
We've got to stop fucking romanticizing how great getting hammered is. It's not. When I get drunk I actually consciously enjoy the first three hours then I black out but keep drinking for another five or so. I then wake up and survey the damage I caused in my life. All that for three hours? I liked the buzz the feeling that all my problems weren't so bad I would plan my life and feel great about myself which was all complete bullshit. We have to start being honest with ourselves...alcohol is not as much fun as we think it is. 
