-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tl3uu/3_days_where_to_go_from_here/

I've been drunk for most of the last 14 years and am sober for 3 days now. Where do I go from here? My mom suggests outpatient treatment but that will cost me a couple grand for a month. I have naltrexone and took that for a couple days before stopping so I could take pain pills for my gout (thanks Alcohol / and myself for doing it). I'm planning on putting more energy into work and my hobbies but I have relapsed so many times and can't do it anymore. My relationship job and health are in jeopardy if I do. I have been VERY lucky to avoid major catastrophes (THANK YOU GOD!). Any suggestions are very welcome. 
----------immediate responses--------

There are a lot of "ways" to go but you are the only one who can figure out what's best for you.  You say you got Naltrexone; does that mean you were honest with your medical provider about what's going on? S/he might give suggestions based on how well they know you.  If you've been drunk for the past 14 years then the cost of that IOP may be nothing in the long run.  It's going to take awhile to rewire your body and your brain for sobriety and IOP can help with that a lot. While you're exploring your options I found that hanging out here and reading absolutely everything I could plus practicing [the Baby Steps] (https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) really helped.  Blessings on your journey.
Good start.  I start outpatient treatment next weekend (IOP).  I'm not sure what to think about it now but I know it can't hurt.  I was able to get into one that takes my insurance so it will only end up costing me about $20 per weekend for 6 weeks.   I recommend if you do not have insurance to contact multiple places until you find one that can work with your finances and time.  I ended up having to find one that has classes on the weekend because I could not get off work early enough to attend the 6pm classes during the week.  They also have a payment plan for those who do not have insurance for $120/week...The addiction specialist I saw to get outpatient rehab has spoken about Naltrexone and also antidepressants.  So far I've stayed off both to see how I feel once 'out of the fog' and I'm feeling pretty good now a days.  Took up until last week for everything to settle.  I see him again on Thursday and we'll discuss those medications again...So you're going down the right path.  I focused on my recovery specifically these last 27 days and am just now looking for things to do outside of work and home life.   
As /u/Possibilitarian2015 notes there are many paths...If you're cost conscious I'd sit in a few meetings at different AA groups.  No fee involved.  I'd just listen.  Don't have to say anything unless I want to...It's helped me!
I did outpatient and highly recommend it especially if you're struggling to find support in AA. Not having insurance or insurance not covering it does make it tough and I don't want to minimize that but most places will work with you on a payment plan. They're actually invested in you getting sober. .We did an exercise in IOP where we totaled how much money we spent on drinking and drinking related things. Even though I only drank for 7 years before I got sober between drinking getting arrested court fines etc I had spent well into the six figures and I'm no trust fund baby. Once you put that in perspective especially if you're having health issues it may give you a different perspective. .
