-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tma9t/struggling_to_give_up_weekend_binge_drinking/

I'm not a big drinker. Maybe half a dozen pints of beer on a Saturday night. The problem is it's every Saturday night without fail...I'm in my late 30s now and find alcohol just doesn't agree with me anymore. I don't get a hangover as such I just feel really anxious and depressed the following day now...I'm also trying to lose weight and find alcohol is a trigger to my binge eating. I eat well all week drop a couple of pounds then undo it all on a Saturday / Sunday with binge eating...Any advice on how to break they cycle?
----------immediate responses--------

I think that alcohol does trigger binge eating for some people.  I imagine that if you stop the drinking all together you will find that you will lose the weight.  You deserve to feel good in your body every single day.  Maybe make a new plan for Saturdays?  Get out of that routine even for one weekend and I bet you will have a big net gain in well-being.
I was a weekend binge drinker before I gave up. I did it by committing to a Dry January and then kept on going...Two keys for me-..A daily promise first thing that I won't drink that day regardless of what happens...Play the tape forward- how do I want to feel on Sunday morning?..After the first couple of weekends (which were difficult) I found it fairly easy going as I replaced my drinking time with better activities...I will not drink with you today.
You don't have to be an alcoholic to quit drinking. There are a ton of really good reasons to stop. Weight loss cost lost time are all good reasons. ..Glad you are here. ..Maybe just start small. 30 day challenge. 
I think for all of us alcohol was our #1 reward and the thing we enjoyed most of all. That's pretty much exactly how we all got here. The highlight of the week or the highlight of the day doesn't really matter. And that's the problem; alcohol lights up the reward center like few other substances on the planet and certainly none so readily available or condoned by society. But alcohol also destroys lives mental health relationships and everything else like few other substances on the planet as well. ..I missed the buzz for a long time until started to see that I was paying for that buzz with the quality of the rest of my life. 
