-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tokpi/i_talked_to_my_dad_about_my_problem_and_now_im/

I know I wasn't alone to begin with but I mean as far as someone in my personal life knowing...Posted here a couple weeks ago in the midst of being an emotional wreck due to several circumstances. TL;DR I've been wanting to talk to my dad about alcoholism for a while since he is a recovered alcoholic. But I also *didn't* want to talk to my dad about alcoholism because he is a recovered alcoholic. Didn't want him to see me going down the same path...Today he texts me and asks if he can call me around 3:00. Asking out of the blue like that isn't really his MO so I just knew this was gonna be real talk. He could tell something was going on with me but wasn't sure what. I told him everything and it turns out he really didn't know I struggled this much with alcohol. But once I told him he did kind of look back and see all the indicators that were there and he got over being surprised pretty quickly...And yeah you folks were right. It wasn't the end of the world. It wasn't even a heavy conversation. We laughed a lot. It was a self-aware sorta dark humor but humor nonetheless. Does that make sense? There was just this lightness now that it was out in the open. I was relieved to have told someone. He was relieved to have me opening up to him like that because honestly I really don't open up much...He mentioned the saying "We're only as sick as our secrets." Wow if that don't hit the nail on the head right there.....We talked for about an hour and a half and honestly it was like talking to a good friend. I'm so glad he called and so glad that I still had it in me to open up. It's in the light now and in the light is where it dies...I threw out a bunch of empty and mostly-empty bottles. I had one handle of vodka that had some left on the counter - the one I was actively drinking from the last couple days. I didn't throw that one out. I used it to clean my bathroom and left the empty bottle on the shower floor...This is Day 1. Again. But one of these Day 1s will be the last Day 1. Maybe it's this one...For the first time in a while I can honestly say: I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!
----------immediate responses--------

Not alone dude. Great story. 
My dad had 37 years in AA. Got 4 years sober before I was born. I came out to him last too. He was super cool about. Unfortunately by that time he was in early stage dementia. I found an old AA recording of him and it's the only recording I have. I listen to it from time to time. ..He died before I got sober. Now I have an unofficial goal of beating his sobriety. Only 33 more years. :)
I remembered your previous post   I'm so glad your dad's spidey-senses kicked in in the end!  Well done you on getting it out there.  And welcome back :)  Happy to not drink with you today.
Best surprise in the world uh? I had a very similar experience and my people have been super understanding and supportive I love them so much more now...
