-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tospg/will_i_ever_be_normal_again/

I have been drinking every night for the last year and a half or so. Sometimes its a whole bottle of vodka sometimes its a couple bottles of wine and sometimes its a "light" night and I only have 3 or 4 mixed drinks. ..Now I've been sober for about 7 days and I feel great. I still have cravings..like right now... But I haven't given in. ..I was wondering if I will ever be able to drink like "normal" ever again. Like a couple drinks with dinner every once and a while or going out with my friends. I don't want to relapse in to dinking like I used to but does that mean never drinking again? 
----------immediate responses--------

Usually when someone progresses to problem drinking there is no going back. It's either quit or go deeper. Congrats on 7 days btw.
no. (in my experience and that of millions of others who  'crossed the line')   ..but the good news is you will have no desire to...Life in recovery can be wonderful.
Congrats on the 7 days! Only you know the answer to your question. .For me that's a huge no. 30 years old and the plan is to never take a sip of alcohol again. That sip leads down a very dark hole that I have been trying to climb my way out of the past 60 days. Good luck on your journey. 
I think generally the answer you'll hear is no but I have heard of alcoholics that can now occasionally have a glass of wine with dinner (like the author of This Naked Mind). Honestly I think it's in every recovering alcoholic's best interest to try and moderate at some point. I tried over and over again in a million different ways before I realized that it just wasn't a possibility for me. I never wanted to have a drink at dinner. I wanted to be drunk. I tried just drinking on special occasions not drinking when I was alone not pre-drinking before going out only drinking if I was doing something productive only drinking as a reward only drinking once a month etc etc etc. I put my whole heart into each of these attempts because I mean look at the alternative...actually STOP drinking for GOOD?! Impossible! Not gonna happen. ..Unfortunately I could never keep it up for very long. Cutting it out completely has been the only thing that has worked for me because the rules are simple. No alcohol. If the rule is "No drinking alone" for example it's easy to start making excuses and justifying rule breaking. "Oh well I'm going to see them in an hour so I'll just start drinking now" "Well I asked her to hang out but she said she was busy so it's not like I didn't try! I shouldn't have to depend on other people to have fun I can just drink and do it myself!" "Well I already messed up last week and it was no big deal so I'll just do it again tonight" etc etc. Your alcoholic brain will talk you out of rules because getting drunk is the most important thing. It's harder to argue with "No drinking period". Good luck my friend!
I would ask myself the question  was I ever normal?..I know that I never drank normally.
[Here is the reason why](http://news.medicine.iu.edu/releases/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism.shtml)...It doesn't mean you *will* become an alcoholic. It says if you drink every day and you have these genes you will almost surely end up with a serious problem with booze.
I tried after long breaks and I was able to for awhile but inevitably always ended up binge drinking again after a month or two. And then it was harder to stop again. 
Google the Big Book chapter 3. You'll relate to it. ..Take it one day at a time and don't think about forever. You've only been sober for seven days - focus on days 8 9 and 10... 
Question to myself : " If you failed to drink normally for more than 35 years what makes you think you can start now?"..Until the day comes when I can provide myself with a plausible answer I will stick to my sobriety!!
