-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tqs43/a_little_help_please/

Hi everyone I am a 50 year old alcoholic and I just relapsed. To make matters even worse I am in recovery program and HAD 4 months of sobriety when I went on a two day drinking binge. I am also a diabetic and what ended up happening is that I went into diabetic ketoacidosis along with alcoholic ketoacidosis. In short I almost died. I spent the last three days in the hospital having my life saved and got detoxes. Now I don't know what to and feel hopeless and scared. I was just hoping for some and encouragement because I am at the end my rope.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you went through this scary experience. My near-death experience (end-stage liver failure) was terrifying. In my case if I hadn't been on the very edge looking into the abyss and then having to claw my way back I would never have found the strength to quit. I needed that kind of scare...I'm very glad you're okay and that you're joining us. Welcome.
I know something like this is a scary experience I'm sorry this happened to you friend. The things is it happened though and you made it through!  You were given a second chance and that is amazing! Being scared right now is perfectly understandable. That would scare anybody. As you continuing bettering yourself the fear will dissipate. You can't change the past but you can control what happens from here out. Just by deciding to stop drinking is a step in the right direction. I applaud you for admitting there's something wrong and taking steps to correct it. Most acknowledge and never act upon it then its too late. It's better to make efforts and fail then to not try at all. Tons of people have to fail countless times before succeeding. I know this is easier said then done but take this into consideration. You had a scary life experience. Instead of being afraid try to put that energy into being excited. Excited that this time your gonna do it right! Surround yourself with love and positivity if you can. Negative thoughts tend to put unnecessary stress on our bodies. You need all the positive aspects around you to help your body heal stay focused and keep your mind off the bad thoughts. Focus on how great you're gonna feel and how your life is gonna change for the better..Sending love and positive thoughts your way friend. This time is it you got this! .I will not drink with you today. 
Sending encouragement !..The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked that I "disliked" AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober...I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Fight back my friend.It is never to late.I will be thinking thoughts of encouragement for you today.
Thank you all for your words of encouragement. I appreciate them so much. Much love back to you all. I will keep fighting this cunning baffling and powerful disease.
