-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7u3yye/struggling/

Today is rough. I have been anxious and depressed all day. It started even before my eyes were open this morning. As I lay in bed I could feel the anxiety building. For once I was quickly able to identify that anxiety had taken hold. Although knowing what it was did nothing to help alleviate it. In addition to feeling anxious depression is also rearing it's ugly head. My thoughts are swirling and I lack concentration. I just want to go home. But I will sit here and do my work however ineffectual I may be. I won't drink today. If for no other reason than the continual pain in my side. Hoping that you are all fare better than me today. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Be kind to yourself today my friend. Tomorrow is a new day. Hope you feel better soon. IWNDWYT :)
So sorry you're feeling bad. But I applaud you for sticking it out trying to do your work and move through it. I know exactly how you feel with the anxiety as I'm struggling with it today too. But I have to believe that it will get better and you can be very proud of your 11 days. That's terrific!
Sometimes you have to lower your expectations for the day imo. Just do the bare minimum today don't drink be kind to yourself and wake up tomorrow and be proud of yourself for battling through.  You can do this I believe in you 
Stay strong you'll be happy and proud in the morning even if you don't get much or any sleep.
Stick at it! We're all rooting for you. Sending warm wishes from Ireland.
Today I was depressed and horribly anxious for no particular reason.  I just did the bare minimum at work and came home and am now still hanging out with the doggie with my front door open enjoying the warm evening breeze (I'm in southwest US) listening to the Mexican neighbors music that sounds like there is a fiesta going on. 
Thank you all so much for taking the time to reply to this post. It's bedtime and this day is done  and I survived another day! Hope all of you are well and sober with me tonight. 
