-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ua7oa/i_have_no_idea_how_to_get_started/

New to the sub but it seems pretty positive over here so maybe i can gain some advice. .. I have no clue were to start. Every day is a constant struggle in my mind i know i shouldn't drink i know i dont "want" to drink but i also know that as soon as i clock out no matter how hard i fight it in my mind im going to sit at the bar...I've tried on a couple of occasions to stop I made it 11 days at one point but it was still the same thing. Constantly debating in my head essentially trying to talk myself out of drinking. And i always give into it. Always...In the last few months I've pretty much just given into it and decided that I'm never going to be able to stop. Makes it easier on myself to pour that first drink but there has to be a better way. ..How do i change my thought process hopeless attitude and just fucking kill this thing for the last time. Thanks for any advice...TLDR; How do i change my negative attitude and actually force myself to commit to not drinking anymore. Nothing seems to work for me.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Being here is a good start. Also as soon as your ready to begin grab a badge (http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) to support your commitment. Grabbing a badge at first felt =odd to me but I then realized it was my alcohol mind trying to talk me out of committing to myself what I really truly wanted to do. Also I found at the outset that Allen Carr's *Easy Way to Control Alcohol* was helpful in changing my view of alcohol and drinking in general. Like you I too did a lot of my drinking at bars and so one of my bigger obstacles has been finding alternative social outlets. Lastly posting here daily and checking in has been profoundly helpful to keeping this in the center of my mind and not something I forget once the hangover wears off. Best of luck to you. You can do it just stick with the struggle.
I could not do it alone...I went to AA despite having ALL the issues...Still agnostic after all these years..
You are in the right place. Many of us can truly understand your situation. There is a ton of good info. and support on this site. I would recommend finding a group to share your feelings. You'll see you're far from alone...  (AA Smart Recovery Refuge Recovery etc.)..One day at a time my friend. Best of luck!!..IWNDWYT....
What has worked for me so far is whenever I want a drink I go to a meeting instead. Why not hit up an AA meeting after work instead of hitting the bar?..Yes it IS terrifying at first but it's honestly the best choice I've ever made. The people I've met are so supportive and wonderful and I would not be on 11 days without them. ..FWIW there are a lot of agnostics in the group so belief in the typical  god' is not required. There is mention of a higher power sure but for me it's been more about the network of other sober people than anything. Or if you live in a big enough area there may be some secular groups like SMART or Lifering you could check out...Just an idea. :) I hope you find what you need to get sober. 
My life changed when I stopped sitting around waiting to be struck sober for something to just click. Instead I got off my ass and found a therapist and started going to AA meetings. Actions not thinking is what made the difference for me. I learned that I can simultaneously not feel like doing something and go ahead and do it anyway. I had all sorts of judgments about AA but I figured if I was desperate for a way out I should at least go and see for myself before deciding it wasn't for me. I am convinced that my willingness to suspend my judgment and just do something different is what saved my life. Glad you're here. 
For me it was accessing the mental switch and findin this sub
There are lots of solutions out there different things work for different people.  If you want to start to understand what's going on in that head of yours find this book: "This Naked Mind"  If like me you had a hard time concentrating on a book it's available on Audible...The author talks a lot about what's going on in your mind.  Right now the "Booze Logic" is working hard to convince you of stuff like "you've been so good no drinking for a week just have one" or "I'll drink tonight and start tomorrow"   ..What I did was to realize that those thoughts were essentially my fucked up brain chemistry getting me to keep my drinking habit. I just toughed it out for the first month or so then not drinking got a lot easier. ..Read the book  Check in with this sub every day  check out some of the other resources (AA etc..).   I drank daily for over 20 years haven't had a drink for about 5 months never felt better.   Quitting drinking is totally worth it.  ..Good luck!!
