-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ubty6/and_after_dry_january/

I set out to achieve dry January done. Going back to drinking? not on my nelly this is sooo good probably the best kept secret I've stumbled on in my life. Life is 100  times better on every level..In times of struggle this sub has set me straight. A massive thank you to all the supportive folk who visit here. You've opened doors for me. Best wishes and here's to dry feb
----------immediate responses--------

YooHoo!!  So excited for you&gt; Keep up the good work..We can do this!!.IWNDWYT
I'm with you all the way!!
I couldn't have said it better myself! 
Yo it definitely is better on very single level. I used to think of myself as a  functional alcoholic. ... but I didn't realize how low level my functions were. My work health sleep relationships... they've all improved with sobriety!..Congrats on making it through January! I will be continuing sobriety with you!
A bunch of us who were doing Dry January are aiming for a new 100 Day Challenge. There's around 30 of us so far (I think I posted yesterday) we should all go for it together...Congratulations on hitting the end of January!  
I have done it but to be honest I am disappointed that I don't feel better. Feel like life is just one long boring round of work Work Work  sleep Work and no respite or letting go / escaping that a glass of wine brought me. Still feel shit most days when I wake up ( I always thought that was the booze!) and life is soooo dull. Not decided what to do next. Not lost weight and been pretty miserable and fed up. Would love to feel the highs that everyone is talking about on here... 
Thank you! Unfortunately I have to work six days a week around 65 hours so it feels like I have no time or energy for anything else. I do always have a book on the go though. 
Thanks I have been eating really healthily as well and cut back to 1200 calories per day. Only lost 2 pounds though!! Despite drinking about six bottles of wine per week before!  
That's exactly what I thought 2 years ago.....Well done!
Nice work brighter.  Good to have done dry jan with you.  Lets keep pushing on!
Congrats on deciding to keep it up!.
Good job! Can't wait to have a month under my belt.
Dry January is a thing? No lo puedo creer. How I ended up here i have no clue. Day 31 and request to be part of this awesome thread. I can't even think right now I'm so excited. 
Great job. Keep up the good work!
Congratulations.  After my own dry January I went to a one day at a time approach and then kept moving out the goalposts   I didn't know how much alcohol was compromising my life until I stopped drinking. Hoping you'll find the same. 
I'm in for 100 days!
Thanks it sounds good. I will try. My problem really is a very pressurised job and long long hours even at weekends. That's what needs to change. I coped when wine got me through it. Now I am faced with the horrible reality. Feel very trapped as I don't currently have other options. 
Thanks so much for all the tips and insights everyone. It really has helped. IWNDWYT 
Yes absolutely that!! You are spot on. The vino was my crutch for dealing with a ridiculous relentless amount of pressure. Sobriety is making me see clearly that something has to change. This is not sustainable. 
I am in for the 100 thanks murph
Exactly what I thought this time last year and the great thing is that it just keeps feeling more and more normal.
I'm in too! IWNDWYT
