-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ucpp9/hump_day_struggles/

Today is the first day I am really fighting the urge to have a drink. I have gotten a lot accomplished at work and I am wanting to blow off some steam this evening. How do others deal with sitting at work looking forward to an evening cocktail 
----------immediate responses--------

I can only speak for myself but I have no desire to wake up feeling like shit the next day because that one will turn into two and two turns into three and three turns into four and before I know it 18 beers are gone and I have to be awake in 6 hours and most likely will have to call out because my head is spinning and I have no energy to get out of bed. ..So yeah that is how I stop myself.
Have my diet tonic and limes sharp knife cutting board and tall glass literally laid out on my kitchen counter for when I come home.
My husband just offered me a glass of wine and I was tempted as had a long day at work. Made a cup of tea and ate a chocolate biscuit  . Just so didn't want to feel bad in the morning . I keep telling myself that maybe I'll have a drink another day but just not today.
This is the point where you hit the gym and annihilate yourself with weights or cardio. When you care about your physical health and mental health the urge to drink reduces even more.
"Blowing off some steam". Oh yeah i like this one. It covers everything and makes you feel like you deserve to get wasted after the tough day you have had. This is the classic train of thought. All you will be left with is a throbing head nausea and a bag full of anxiety and a dip in confidence and self worth. Its so awful and the only way to deal with that shit is do it all again. Dont be fooled by the glamour of blowing off some steam after a tough long day. There is no glamour in it.
workout!!!   A good sweat always helps me...Best of luck. IWNDWYT
I had the F- ITS about 30 minutes ago crap day with employees they really wear me out some days I get so tired of managing people and being responsible for them but that's management. So rough day then had to run around after work for work and pick up supplies was coming up on my liquor right near my house and thought man it would be nice to take this edge off and knock back 6 or 7 rum and cokes as soon as I thought it it hit me how screwed up that would be and my wife would be very sad about that. So here I drinking a mango carrot juice and soda with lime and saw this post.. Instead do something nice for yourself drink something other than alcohol that you really enjoy a milkshake sounds good whish I thought of that while I was out listen to music anything to get out of your own head it won't take long usually these cravings go away pretty quickly for me. Thanks for sharing its always nice to know we are not alone in this. No drinking with you today. Peace
