-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ud86p/8_days_sober_and_gaining_weight_weight_gain/

I was on keto prior to quitting drinking and last Tuesday quit cold turkey after a long period (~2 yrs) of heavy liquor consumption. I had a seizure the next day heartrate about 170 severely dehydrated. It was bad...I'm out of the hospital now and 8 days sober feeling ok about that except I screwed up my diet and have so far gained between 7-10lbs. It's really heartbreaking as these were some of the most difficult pounds to get off but I'm struggling so bad to "stay" keto now that I'm back on it. My sugar cravings are so intense and my (non sober and now non keto) partner isn't making things much easier...I feel like being on keto is so so difficult while dealing with these alcohol cravings. My carb cravings have gone from intense to almost unliveable and it's twice as maddening because whether I'm on it or not I'm somehow just gaining weight. When will this stop? My ED can't deal with this and it's really making me want to drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

I gained weight when I stopped drinking. I never ate. I just have to deal with these few pounds for now because my drinking would have killed me if I continued. The sugar cravings were insane but after a while they subside. It stinks seeing others post about losing weight but every journey is different. I will not drink with you today 
Eat the skittles.  Eat them.  Drink the sugary soda. Indulge the sugar. How much ethanol were you consuming? Your body was making it all into sugar.  You don't have to climb the whole mountain at once.  Baby steps.
How did you do Keto while drinking?  Booze is full of carbs.  
I should add that I'm also doing Keto.   Alcohol cravings and sugar cravings are essentially the same since alcohol IS sugar.  So if you stay alcohol free/carb free/sugar free and eat lots of good fats and moderate protein in order to enter/stay in Ketosis you *should* start to lose weight.  ..But it might take some time.  Your body is messed up from alcoholism.  Right now it's freaking out and it will take time to calm down.  Stay hydrated stay rested stay calm.  ..Best of luck on your journey!
Don't panic! The first month for me was a lot of ups and downs in terms of energy and food cravings. I noticed that I ate a shitload of gluten-free donuts (lol...somehow these are acceptable and more healthy than normal ones) and I had such intense fatigue around 21 days that it was tough to get anything done. These seemed like signs that nothing was changing or sobriety wasn't working for me but now at 30 days things have leveled out a lot. ..It's going to be so much easier to be keto and eat less calories once you get in the groove of being sober. Accept that the first little while is going to be rocky. If you were that dehydrated when hospitalized a lot of this weight could be WATER too. ..The previous times I have gone 4 months I initially gained and then effortlessly lost weight at around 2 months. 
