-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uhmih/i_just_reached_100_and_everything_is_different/

Went from my first posts here of fear and self loathing constant embarrassing blackouts and multiple relapses to a drunken car wreck with a .35 bac almost losing my job my marriage my children everything... and almost followed my dad's swaying footsteps to another drunk death. I cant believe I'm here. Today I'm Feeling free. Feeling thankful. If you want this please keep going just a little longer when you get an urge. Sleep eat get angry anything just don't go get that drink. Man I love you all and IWNDWYT!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean about almost losing everything.. Sometimes I really have to stop myself from going down the path of wondering how I made it this far. It's just such a dark past. ..I'm so stoked for you! Feeling free myself and it's fucking amazing. It doesn't feel amazing every second but looking back over the last few months it really does feel great. Day to day I'm so much happier. Couldn't be more thrilled to keep it up. Keep on kickin' ass!. 
congratulations on 100 days and on stopping before losing those important things    
    
Congratulations on 100 days! That is awesome. ..I will not drink with you today
Well said. Congratulations!!!
And tomorrow your first TDP !..Triple Digit Palindrome!
Woot. Same here now I don't have to make a post myself!..Not sure how I'll celebrate day 100 yet. I already bought myself a bunch of stuff that keeps me occupied. Might watch a movie after work or grab a burger. ..100 days went faster than expected. I'm glad to think of myself as someone who doesn't drink after 6-7 years of too much.
My kind of post don't leave till the miracle happens 
Nice!     
Congrats!  IWNDWYT!
Hi 5 fellow 100 day-er! Proud of you and congrats!!!
I will  not drink with you today!
I'm so very happy for you!
Good Job! Keep Calm and Sober On
Huge congrats! I am just starting today and chose February to start since it doesn't have holidays I immediately associate with drinking. I can't wait to get to your point and be able to get through holidays. Thank you for sharing your success (and showing that it isn't easy).
Was there any particular moment for you when you felt more positive than negative about permanent sobriety. I mean a point at which sobriety felt like something that could genuinely suit you instead of something that sucked but had to be done? Asking for drunk inner codlatan. 
Nice work and keep it up! 
good stuff thank you!
  right back at you! I will not drink with you today! 
So happy for you !!!Everyone here knows how hard you have worked!!! Want to know something cool???? It just keeps on getting better!!!!
