-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ukc9t/day_3_and_anxiety_is_crazy_please_help/

Well I know that I need to stay sober I really want to and I will but I am having to sort through some tough emotions concerning some family struggles: people's feelings I cannot control my own feelings of hurt the idea of people talking behind my back about things are not true. I usually cave when my anxiety gets so bad to the point where I cannot control it or lessen it. ..I keep telling myself "You cannot make someone apologize you also f'd up owned up and apologized there is nothing more that you can do. If they want to talk ill about you that is a reflection on them." I guess I will just have to keep repeating this today and try to get in as much meditation and prayer as I can...Also I KNOW my healing through this turmoil is not prolonged BECAUSE I have NOT been drinking. I can start facing my emotions.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! I will not drink with you today! Hugs
I'm also on day 3. I will not drink with you today.
You are right we cannot control how others react we can only control how we react and that's the key to sobriety. If you can be mindful that your anxiety increases cravings then use that anxiety to get things done: the dishes laundry paperwork phone calls...distract yourself by being productive. It will make you feel positive giving you a boost to help continue the momentum of sobriety. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
&gt; I keep telling myself "You cannot make someone apologize you also f'd up owned up and apologized there is nothing more that you can do. If they want to talk ill about you that is a reflection on them." I guess I will just have to keep repeating this today and try to get in as much meditation and prayer as I can...Wow I have been having the exact same conversation with myself for the past week. I'm with you on the meditation. It's pretty much the only thing that sort of works to keep my intrusive thoughts at bay.
I've been listening to the "sobercast" podcast. I can't make much AA meetings but these I found are a good substitute. They speak on drinking and share personal experiences. It really helps me remember my goal of not drinking and reinforces the positive that eventually comes with not drinking. Stay strong.
A lot of that is withdrawal-related anxiety so please hang in there! I had it too. 
Hang in there... you can do this!!..IWNDWYT
It will get better!  And what I've noticed is that as I have inevitably changed for better my detractors have changed their tunes without me having to do or say anything about it. ..Let's not drink together today!
