-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7up5oe/lurkers_guide_when_and_why_to_post_on/

If you're happy and you know it you probably made a post about it. Awesome! Keep up the good work! Those positive vibes help thousands of lurkers feel that *just maybe* they too can get sober and be happy about being sober. However this post is for the dark side.  .  .What is the dark side? We've all seen those posts... The ones were people are crying out for help and there doesn't seem to be any responses nor does the post receive many uptoots. I want you to set aside the social aspect of quantity of uptoots and quantity of comments instead focus on the quality of comments. Most people struggle when shit hits the fan and it is more difficult to write a comment regarding the daily tragedies of addiction. **It is perfectly acceptable to comment and uptoot as you please.** As a the original poster though it can be frustrating. Hang in there friend the cavalry is on the way.  .  .Us old timers those of us that are still around take time to get to the posts in need. I know I tend to target the struggling posts based on title. I know many of the Dino's do so as well. We have this somewhat innate ability to sense when people are struggling and we close in like vultures on a kill. We do this because helping you helps us to feel good. Sometimes we don't help you with our words sometimes its just the presence of seeing someone with more than single digit sobriety give a shit about what you have to say.  .  .This is my promise: **Make the post when you are struggling when you are wanting to die when you think there is absolutely no fucking hope in the world that you can get or stay sober.** We will be there. We will join you down in that pit of misery. We have been there before it's like a pre-requisite to get old in sobriety. We will not let you go there alone we have experience on how to get out of the pit. Maybe not in the immediate 2 hours you need - [We have a IRC Channel for immediate and urgent sober help 24/7](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking) but we will get to you. That's the promise - you will receive help guidance and support.  .  .Don't hold back if you are struggling. People need to know that other sobernauts are struggling with sobriety. Do you think you should have this sobriety thing down after 90 days? HA! Do you think you should have this sobriety thing down after a year? HA! Do you think you should have this sobriety thing down after 5 years? HA! Sobriety is a struggle because life is a struggle. No one is going to have a perfect existence after not drinking for 'x' time. But we can get through said struggle by doing the same thing - day 0 and day 13370.  .  .Discussing with each other our trials tribulations and victory over them is the best way to stay sober. The discussion reminds us why we do this in the first place and helps the new comer or the on the fencer realize that there is hope for them as well. Build that foundation build yourself up when you feel it crumble - cry out for other builders to see what they did in your situation. There is a way to stay sober through any situation.  .  
----------immediate responses--------

*uptoots*
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3.
One uptoot for you. 
Definitely
[removed]
Great post! Reminder to stay active at the worst of times! Many uptoots to you!!
Saved. Thank you.   
Thank you so much for this!!!
Thank you   
Wholeheartedly agree.  Thank you time. 
At 7 days I thought I was invincible. At 14 days I thought that this was the light at the end of a shitty tunnel. I "wasn't as bad" as others here because "I only drink with others"...At 90 days I realized all the posts about the 90 day mental health breakdown were right and a problem is a problem even if you have witnesses and loud music and scream "WEW LAD" while Daz does shoes after goon of fortune and Megan's passed out by 9pm in her bra again...It's day 150 tomorrow and it's much better since day 90 but OOF what a time. 
This brought a tear to me eye! What a beautiful post   thank you
Uptoot!  Thank you for writing this.  It has inspired me to share soon about my own struggles.  I'm sober 4 days today but feel like it's only a matter of time before my next bender.  Thanks for being there for guys like me.
Fantastic post  3v3ryt1m3!..Knowing I wasn't alone was very very helpful in the early days. Sometimes a comment from a member saying they weren't drinking with me that day was all it took...
Uptoot!!
Absolutely tremendous post. 
While this is a lovely post there is always one more dark thing to add...A while ago I read a post who was struggling with his drinking and he came on here for help as we all do. The man was met with very wonderful replies outwardly to his post. Comments were overwhelming and supportive however at that time we had three seperate subbed individuals PM him completely dispicable things. Telling him that he deserved to die etc. All over a post asking for help. ..So while we do well to remember that we are all in this together don't forget this is the internet and horrible people find this sub. Take care of yourself if you find this should ever happen to you let someone know so that we can remove that threat. ..Thanks for reading. Good job OP om the wonderful post. 
I deleted the post now but back in December I posted a quite delirious "holyfuckingshitimabouttorelapseandmaybekillmyself" post and this community definitely helped me get through that ..I'm still sober and most of the time not pulling my own hair out and vomiting from stress... you can get through the hard times but it's always easier if you don't feel alone. 
Thank you for this. I am a lurker mainly because I drink beer from the moment I wake up until I pass out and it is a no-no to post when intoxicated..I just woke up though so I haven't drank yet. .Maybe I will make a new post describing my situation.
Thank you for this. I was that person saying help and people responded it was like a miracle.
Thanks for your post! As a newbie here the positive vibes in this community give me strength daily to keep going forward. 
The birds they sang.at the break of day..Start again.I heard them say..Don't dwell on what.has passed away.or what is yet to be. ~ Leonard Cohen
Toot Toot! I was a semi-lurker here for years I would occasionally comment and type "I will not drink today" in the check in but I was pretty inactive. I had serious post anxiety and it still makes me anxious to actually make a post even though I know how great and safe this place is. But this time around in my not drinking I decided to reach out and post when I thought I was going to drink early in. And all these wonderful people came and shared their thoughts and support and made me feel not alone. It may be scary to put yourself out there but it has absolutely helped me when I've done it. To paraphrase Albus Dumbledore *Help will always be given at stopdrinking to those who ask for it.*
Thanks for that!   
Thank you!  As someone pretty new to this group I really appreciate everyone's help and support.  
Thanks.
At my depressed most suicidal most in pain I was under the influence. As I was 24/7. And I was not allowed to post here for hep. 
Yaaaassss...I have been sober for eons.  Life has continued in it's comical semitragic fashion...Some days are very very good. Some days are very very bad...Overall I know how to handle things that use to baffle me like serious depression and bad luck...If you are in The Pits and the black dog is howling share. I really believe that one of the main reasons I have stayed sober is that I share WHATEVER is going on....
Sometimes I want to post but I struggle putting my thoughts and feelings into words. Sometimes I don't even understand what I'm feeling. Then I read someone else's post and it's like THAT'S IT! That's exactly what I'm going through. So thanks to all those who have replied to others in their hour of need. I wouldn't have made it this far without your advice and comments. Much love to you all xxx
Newbie here. Coming up on 3 weeks sober. I check in daily for hot posts and new posts. All I know is that when I post someone almost always comments and it makes me feel less alone in this struggle. ..For some people posting to an Internet forum is no big deal but for me even though I know this is a safe place I still have posting anxiety. There's that little voice in my head that says my thoughts are stupid and no one really cares. When I post here you wonderful people always prove that voice wrong and that's why I come back. That's why I'll keep coming back. 
Great post. Thank you for this. I need to try and reach out more on those posts too. Thank you for the reminder. A lot of times I will read a post with someone struggling and I feel overwhelmed and dont know what to say. But saying something some small word of encouragement is better than saying nothing at all. 
CANNOT UPDOOT THIS ENOUGH
Well Done
I struggled a lot last week kept thinking I deserved and I had beat this alcohol thing again. Then I remembered why I am overweight all the friendships and relationships I lost over the years how I get more depressed not less when I drink and how it solves nothing. I will never beat this thing but if I can keep it at bay and post here from time to time it helps. I am so glad not to be drinking with anyone today!
So a man in a hole. ..A priest walks by and he yells  Father! I'm down here! Help!  The priest writes a prayer on paper and throws it in the hole. ..A doctor walks by and the man tries again.  Doc! Help! I'm down here!  The doctor writes a prescription and throws it in the hole and walks on...His buddy walks by and the man yells  TED! HELP!  ..Yes jumps in the hole. .. Now we're both in the hole! .. Yeah but I've been here before. I know the way out. 
I lurked for awhile. I was embarrassed to share my struggles.  When I finally posted I couldn't of been happier.  I've received insane amounts of support encouragement and love. SD has helped me tremendously.  So don't lurk were here to help! IWNDWYT143
When I struggle I really seek out those posts that tell me what got better for those further along. They give me hope.
I think I love you /u/3v3ryt1m3.  
Toot! I recognize the names of a few people commenting here saying thanks whose posts inspired me and kept me going. Those posts asking for help can help many people. ..I think when I started posting here actively instead of lurking it was a turning point for me. ..I did have a time in early sobriety when I felt like my post was ignored but fortunately I realized I had posted at a weird time and kept going. Which is a reminder to me to look on here at weird times during the week.
Love SD thanks OP. This has been the place I can turn when no one else wants to talk about it. Also giving encouragement to others has helped me stay on track too. Thank you. IWNDWYT!
Thank you all. I will not drink with you today.
   
I really appreciate this post. &lt;3
IWNDWYT 
I'm new here and lord knows my life is is pretty fucked right now but helping people is what helps me not think about how absolute shit my life is and could really be in 2 weeks after my hearing. If you ever need to reach out hit me up I was a medic in the army for just around a decade and I have experience with all kinds of ridiculous situations...That also makes it where I know when to be a buddy and when to be a dad...So yea I'm here for me but I'm here for you too! I usually chill in IRC in the evenings (PST).
Thank you for posting this!    
Thank you.
Thank you. I fucked up tonight drank a bottle too work up the courage too swallow a lot of pills. Threw them all up immediately. Went to this sub and all I see is success stories which is amazing and I wish nothing but the best for you all. I feel Alone though... I know I need to quit and stop wasting my money..I think because I'm depressed and have severe anxiety I'm just looking for a way to deal with it Yea maybe it'll only be for half an hour till the buzz where's off but that half hour gives me a break. I make dumb decisions and I regret the things I said but I can speak my mind and conquer my fears..19 female feeling stupid I'll delete this soon back down to 0 dud sober. I'm going to see a therapist soon
This was a nice thing to read. I fell of the wagon when I travelled to see friends I haven't seen in like a decade. This hit home for me. Thank you. 
Thank you for writing this. I love this sub feel that it has helped TREMENDOUSLY in my being able to make to where I am now in my sobriety but as I get deeper into my day count have struggled with providing support to others at the same level I had in the past. I know that everyone needs support I sure did but sometimes I find it a bit overwhelming. For some reason going to that "posts that need attention" link that you provided has helped! I feel I am now back on track supporting people in the way that others supported me. It's a good thing!! Thanks u/3v3rty1m3 
I want to thank you for writing this post. I have long held an animosity for this sub because of the treatment I received when I reached out for help and advice in respiration once upon a time. I got little of either more holier-than-thou commandments to "commit to my sobriety better" and blanket statements I could have found by simply googling The Big Book. It alienated me from this sub and to some extent from the approach of abstinence only (some of my opinions on that exist for other reasons though)...Recently posting on another sub someone suggested they simply lurk here for inspiration when they're struggling. I gave the sub another look. Things seem different than the SD I had contact with years ago...I doubt I'll ever be a poster here but it actually made me emotional to see the expression of support and understanding over judgment in this post. I think that's incredibly admirable and when enacted will do a world more good for someone struggling with alcoholism than chiding them for their problems.
Wonderful.  Thanks for this!
Thank you so much. 
Shout
