-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7upy1c/whole_team_is_on_my_side/

I have been pretty open with my best friend about my alcohol problems and my struggles with recovery. Since I managed to get on the wagon around September last year we haven't really discussed it much because I don't want to make a big deal of my quitting. Our friendship doesn't revolve around drinking in any way but we did used to enjoy the occasional beer or two together. So I was a bit worried that he would find it annoying if I proclaimed that I was giving up drinking altogether...Yesterday we happened upon the subject and he mentioned without prompting that for me it sounded like total abstinence would be best. I was so relieved to hear him suggest what I already knew. We discussed it a bit and I explained how for me and the way I react to alcohol abstinence is so much less effort than constantly trying to limit my use. This means that my family my closest friends and myself are all in no way against my plan to stay sober indefinitely. Beyond them I don't have anyone in my life whose opinion would sway me in any way so I feel like my whole team is on my side now!..Couple this with the amazing support from all you fine people and I feel really optimistic about the future I will happily remain sober with you all today!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad that everyone close to you is on your side. It's a beautiful thing to have and not a lot of us get to experience...Lots of love and light to you. Xo
But quitting drinking is a big deal!! Keep up the amazing work!!! It is SO worth it! &amp; Good job for opening up to a support group. 
I am so happy for you. Having the support of those around us is key. You've learned that being vulnerable can pay off big time. I'm truly happy for you. 
It's great that you have a support system and I'm so happy to hear that you aren't running into resistance from your loved ones. Another great reason to stay sober!
Right on!
Your friend sounds great. I just blocked my friend. He'd bring more booze over even though he knew I was already stupid drunk. He'd get me more and I'd get even more stupid. I finally worked it out. If he was a proper friend he wouldn't do that he'd tell me to stop. So you have a keeper in your friend and I'm so very happy for you. I will not drink with you today. 
