-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uqjyk/my_brother/

My father was an abusive alcoholic and my childhood was unstable to say the least. When my mother left my father when I was 5 my brother who is 10 years older than me became my rock and pretty much helped raise me. He has never touched a drop of alcohol in his life...Yesterday I opened up to him and told him what I was going through. I was so embarrassed to admit how I was struggling with alcohol but he said he already had a suspicion. I guess the dui and 2 wrecks would throw up a red flag. ..Anyway his level of support was mind blowing. He only had kind and supportive words. I told him about this page and how awesome you all are and he said that while there is some pure crap on Reddit there's also some really golden traits. You all are my gold. :) I'm so thankful to have so much support here and at home. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thats great! It is soo nice to have support. I am glad you were able to open up that can be hard to do. You have a lot of friends here to support you also! Happy to not drink with you today. 
Awesome brother! I started this journey with my brother but he sadly stopped participating about half way through. It was a shame because it was really strengthening to have someone I care about doing this with me.
Going through this without the support of my family would be so tough.Once you tell them it holds you accountable as well as holds you up.I am happy you told your brother and have his support .IWNDWYT
I don't have a brother but have found many "Brothers in Arms" right here. Keep going!.. 
This is great. Your brother sounds like an amazing human. I have a brother who has been in recovery from an opioid addiction for 10 years and his eyes lit up when I told him a month ago that I was trying AA. We proceeded to have the most real and connecting conversation we've ever had. I used to only feel connected to him when we smoked pot together. This is yet another amazing gift of sobriety: when you stop lying to yourself and others the authentic connection that follows is almost euphoric. 
He sounds awesome and sounds like he knows Reddit!
Thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today. 
Keep it up!
thats so awesome. Make sure to tell him what an amazing person he is regularly 
Having family to support you is great. My mom has been that for me. 
I'm so glad you're here with us.  Congratulations on 12 days.  Hang in there and let us know how you're doing.  I have never regretted staying sober not once.
I am SO HAPPY FOR YOU that you have that support seriously! I is HUGE when you know you can be 100% honest with someone (not just people on the other end of the screen) and especially a family member. Utilize all of the support he is offering you will need it my friend. Even though he can not personally relate since he doesn't drink he has also seen what alcohol can do to a person family etc.
I will say this sub is a great crutch although I would recommend finding some meetings you enjoy around your area. The Journey is part of the experience. 
You brother sounds so wonderful and I'm sure his unconditional love will help you through!
We got you keep up the good work
Sounds like you have a great support system. Keep up the good work!
So good that you found the courage to open up to him. My parents were both alcoholics my mom died from it and my dad got sober some mind blowing 31 years ago. And when I started struggling with alcohol I was all the more embarrassed because I had been through the alcohol hell as kid and all my life really seeing how it killed my mom and all. But I am still so embarrassed that I just couldn't tell my sister or my dad. They only know I am not drinking alcohol no more but not my struggles with it. I adore your bravery!!! 
