-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uqlh7/i_had_coffee_too_late_in_the_day/

I'm up really late thinking about my decision to stop and thought I'd write to you all. This community has been so valuable to me in my journey so far and I think it can only get better with more participation...Tonight I decided to comment on some posts that were new to lend some support and it felt good to me. I have a secret dream of someday being able to help others do what I've done but the number next to my name makes me feel unqualified...And maybe it should! I haven't dismissed the possibility that I might relapse one day and end up drinking again. All that I know is I only have this moment right now and in this moment I am sober 71 days. I just keep plugging away and I am content with that. No plans to drink any time soon. Or ever really...I'm happy to report that while I still occasionally have moments where my brain says  a drink sounds nice  my mind instantly goes to a low point right before I stopped. I really humiliated myself at a bar in front of a ton of people and friends. It's almost a reflex one drink and that will be me again. It may not be immediate but I know I'd get there sooner than later...Anyway.. this post is all over the place but thank you SD for being here for me. Y'all are a lifeline in the bleak moments and a pleasure in the good ones.
----------immediate responses--------

I had to reread the title at the end. Coffee has become a coping mechanism and I sometimes realize too late "Oh no I won't be sleeping anytime soon tonight." Still much better than a beer. And now I don't know where to take this comment. Anyway thanks for posting!
Thank YOU for the inspiration and I can say from my perspective that the fact you've hit 71 days certainly makes you qualified to offer any insight about what keeps you going- especially to those of us just starting out. I sure hope to get to that milestone some day and I find hearing about everyone's journey- be it day 1 still drinking trying to be done day 50 or day 5000 ALL help me!  
I've become the same with coffee!
Coffee is my other habit. Plus I put sugar in it. I manage to stop before noon though.
