-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7urt2a/was_sober_for_8_days_and_then_i_relapsed/

On mouthwash. I am being forced to be sober and its so hard. I got so desperate last night I drunk what was left of my mouthwash. It was only about 2 or 3 shots worth in the bottle and I didn't even get a buzz. I'm well aware of how dangerous drinking mouthwash is. I wish I could take it back because the lack of a buzz made it not worth it and ruined my 8 days of sobriety....ETA: I am going for an assessment to get outpatient treatment today. I will be making a doctors appointment to hopefully get the naltrexone shot to help my cravings.
----------immediate responses--------

Outpatient rehab changed my life I hope you have a similar experience   .8 days is huge you can do this!.IWNDWYT  
I am sorry to hear about your struggle and relapse. Today is a new day and it sounds like you are taking the right steps to get to where you need to be. ..Being sober is well sobering. Its hard but its so worth it.
The fact that you care about your 8 days of sobriety says to me that something positive is happening. You didn't care about them before but now they are "yours" and that's big. That feels important...It would be very difficult for me to do the right thing for myself under orders feeling infantilized. It would make me want to fail just to have ownership of something. But during those eight days despite all this you took ownership of the seed of healing and started to care about it for its own sake. For your sake. Just a little but that's new and it changes everything...You have the right to healing for the assault and sobriety is how you stand for that right. It's not a punishment; it's a gift. It may feel like a security blanket being taken away at the moment but in reality it is the gift of believing you deserve healing. There's a tiny spark in you that believes that. And I believe it...Following that spark today and getting professional help is brave and true. Keep going. I believe in you. 
Welcome back. We can do this!!..IWNDWYT
When you get cravings again in early sobriety try consuming some chocolate or other sugary candy even ice cream... The body naturally turns alcohol into sugar and introducing sugar to the body is a quick fix to take the edge off the cravings. It's not a super healthy long term plan but it's much healthier than the alternative. *Please disregard sugar if diabetic*
