-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7us3bi/i_feel_so_lucky/

I read thru the posts of everyone struggling with not drinking and I feel lucky because I am not having the struggles they are.  I can't believe I am saying this but I don't miss drinking!  I know that I have a long long road ahead and I almost feel like I am jinxing myself.  Is there sometime in the future where this is really going to hit me hard?  I even enjoy being around others who can drink because the last thing I want to do is change other peoples behaviors to fit to my issues.  I think this is because I am older and I knew there was going to be a day I had to stop drinking.  I screwed up so much of the last 10 years that I had to stop.  I wish everyone the best and hope everyone gets the support and/or finds a way to not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I know that for me coming down off the "pink cloud" where everything is new and wonderful was difficult...I wish you the best. You can do this!!.IWNDWYT
I think looking at it for what it is:..A chance to have a better happier and more productive life..is paramount...It sounds like that is what you are doing..Attitude and gratitude will be incredibly helpful going forward!
For me the danger was in believing I could drink again and be in control.  Once I started again control went out the window.  Good job on your 48 days.
The thing I am coming to realize about sobriety is that it is easy until it isn't. You aren't jinxing yourself because those times of struggle are just going to naturally occur. I have had some real tremendous periods of "wow hey this is easy and soooo awesome" and some really difficult "fuck this. this is hard." Just use the momentum you gain from these easy times to power you through the hard ones when they come. 
&gt; I can't believe I am saying this but I don't miss drinking! ..So many people on here do. I think we're in the minority. I don't want to use that crap anymore. I don't want to be drunk or buzzed. 
