-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7usipt/i_relapsed_im_ashamed_of_myself_and_this_is/

Around January 20th I relapsed after having the month so far under my belt. I think I've drank pretty much every day since then. Today I was going to "go out with a bang and start my sobriety so miserably hungover that I wouldn't be able to move for a couple days".  .  .I don't have any advice or anything new that I learned from relapsing but I'm making a post to have some accountability. I drank a pint of vodka last night (which I at least do every night) and I honestly felt refreshed this morning. I decided I'm going to start sobriety without a crippling hangover.  .  .I know why I'm quitting I don't need to get so drunk today that I force myself to puke so I can drink more. So I stay in bed for the next two days feeling bad for myself and thinking "I have no choice but to stick with it this time".  .  .I'm gonna go to a meeting tonight. I hadn't gone to any during my 20 days because I was riding that wave of "I'm so happy I'm not drinking". To be honest I really don't like meetings but I know it's the only reason I stayed sober for my longest of 3 months.  .  .I'm glad to be back and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I don't have any advice or anything new that I learned from relapsing..Did you learn anything new from 20 days of sobriety?  I have found for myself that I'm so into punishing myself for my failures that I forget to look at successes.  20 days is a great thing.  You should be proud of that what happened afterwards doesn't take it away.  Great job coming back and I won't drink with you today!
What's in the past is in the past. You've got a great opportunity to start fresh especially knowing that you made it for a whole month before that's something to feel good about!..&gt; but I know it's the only reason I stayed sober for my longest of 3 months..It sounds like you did learn something from relapsing you need support. Nothing to feel bad about many great things are done with the help of other people. You can do this!
Hey its okay. Sorry you had to add this little hiccup to your story. But dont lose faith. I am impressed by your strength to start back again. If meetings worked for you in the past attending one today sounds like a great plan.
