-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7utya9/really_struggling_tonight/

Weekends are hard. I really just wanna go out with my friends and party but I can't do that without drinking. I've been doing so well and I've been so committed to getting better and all I wanna do now is get messed up and I'm struggling to see the point in sticking to sobriety because it really does feel like I'm missing out. I'm so lonely because my social life revolved around drinking and drugs and I still see some people in the day but that's just when I have classes at uni and then I go back home and sit in my room and talk to no one because everyones too busy getting wasted (like I said I go to uni and the drinking culture is huuge). I feel like giving up.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm heading to a meeting tonight. I'm lucky enough to have a loving wife to go with me but I've been there too. I guess I don't fear missing out of anything when I want to drink because I stopped going out when drinking because I would do such stupid things. I hope you can find a friend who wants to do things while sober. 
I'm probably 8 or so years older than you based on your post but my friends also drink heavily on the weekends and it's always a party at someones place that leads to the club/casino/strip club you name it. I've had to choose my battles. I go out with friends from time to time but I usually depart when things start getting to "that point" - you know when people are past pre-gaming and they are starting to get really drunk and stupid. ..I can't speak for you but isolating myself just led to me drinking alone eventually after 60 days of sobriety. I needed to get out. You might find that the only person paying attention to the fact that your sober is..... you. 
Weekends are tough. I've had to work at finding things to do so that I'm not sitting around doing nothing because then the thoughts spiral and I get sucked down the drain of depression.....It's not easy especially early on double-especially in the middle of a heavy-drinking culture. Do you have any hobbies or creative endeavors that you could pick up in this free time?..One big motivator for me is to calculate the money I'm saving and plan to splurge on a treat for myself.
