-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uu4a7/one_month_today/

Hi all. So I still have a long way to go and I know much of it will continue to be an uphill battle but I've just clocked one month sober since I hit rock bottom and I wanted to celebrate. ..My name is Jimmy. If you're on ~British Reddit you might know me from a cry for help I made before Christmas on a throwaway name or a recent post I made thanking a couple of British subreddits for their help. (I've now stepped out of that username and into this one so I don't have the post history of all that following me round and can be more active in subreddits like this one). ..I last drank on January 1 this year. I won't sugarcoat it I've had longer periods of sobriety followed by relapses before but I'm working really hard and I want it more than I ever have before. In the last few months of 2017 after my mum died following a long terminal illness my drinking ruined my life. I really hit rock bottom. ..During that time I lost my boyfriend and most of my friends because I was unbearable to be around broke my leg drunk went from couch surfing to properly homeless and the closest to killing myself ive ever been.  I've never been that bad before and I am terrified of going back and hopefully that's what'll keep me from drinking now. Now I understand why they say people have to hit rock bottom before getting better I guess. ..I'm living with my uncle now and I'm working harder every day to get better. The main struggle since I stopped for good has been the boredom and the depression that comes from being bored for me combined with the depression and grief of realising how much of my relationships and life I've fucked up. I've heard that's normal. ..Two weeks ago now I went to the doctor and got on antidepressants and this week I actually feel like they're starting to work. Feels like this heavy black curtain being lifted off my brain like the pills are letting the light in. I'm in informal substance abuse counselling (group stuff) and waiting for my appointment for proper counselling though as it's on the NHS that'll be a few months still to wait. ..I'm feeling really positive for the first time in months and months. For the first time since long before my mum died. I feel like I've got this. I feel like socialising for the first time in forever I feel like applying for work! Getting back in the gym and eating properly and starting reading again...So here's to a month. Not the first month ever but hopefully the first to stick. Start of a new chapter yeah? 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on the new chapter. Some pages are harder to turn than others...One month is great! I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations on doing this you're racking up the days!
Congratulations on starting over! Remember how much better life is when you aren't drinking. That's what helps me. We can do this! I will not drink with you today! 
