-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uz4yz/an_agnostic_alcoholics_miracle_in_a_third_rate/

TLDR In hindsight I made getting sober harder than it had to be. Maybe this will help someone... but read it - parts are kinda amusing.....I have posted this before in past years - but there is a new crowd - think it's worth repeating...This happened many years ago - about this time of year.  I was thirty nine and going nowhere at work in part because I took long liquid lunch hours - often in a third rate titty bar near my office...This bar had the windows painted black - A heavy curtain just inside the door to block views of the interior from passer by.  It was dimly lit mostly by christmas lights and some low wattage bulbs -  because it was something of a retirement home for topless dancers.  The bar beer was Peels or Schmidts depending. ..So there I was; it was three in the afternoon I was too loaded to go back to work and there was less risk if I just disappeared for the day.  There were only two of us in the place me and the barmaid/dancer who was not a lot younger than I was.  She would tend bar for a while - then go up on the "stage" dance a bit and then  go back behind the bar.  ..So after a 'set' she put on a little leather and chain vest and came down the other side of the bar and started talking to me.  Somehow I initiated the topic "the difference between alcoholic and 'problem' drinker" - with emphasis on why I was the latter. I guess I was not trying to impress her - or maybe I was...And then she leans forward her vest falling open and says "Would you like to come to an AA meeting with me tomorrow?"..And I said "sure."  Now Bill and Bob (the founders of AA) could have risen from their respective graves come into the bar and sat on either side of me and I would have told them to piss off. But with that leather vest hanging open and her breasts inducing there was no way I could say no...I was and still am strongly agnostic - my dog is my higher power - but I have seen enough strange no-coincidences shit happen to safely call this the miracle of the titty bar...I met her the next evening she was wearing a baggy sweatshirt and told me right off this was not a date we were going to a meeting and we did.  I was not really interested as befuddled as I was I could see she had more luggage than a 747...I remember very little about the meeting my brain was a roller coaster being ridden by squirrels - but I felt safe - I felt a sense of belonging...I was not stuck sober.  I did look up meetings in my neighborhood of Brooklyn but I also kept drinking. Even while going to those meetings...When I tell my story in AA I often say "my middle name is 'Don't tell me what to do'".  THIS WAS THE HARDEST PART. ..Though AA says "these are only suggestions" I saw a drill instructor (or my mother) telling me to clean up my room... I slipped I patted myself on the back with a sixpack after a few days sober I heard someone talk about praying I really did not need an excuse beyond "Tuesday" and I drank...But a couple of things happened.  I became more and more aware that alcohol was not "working" for me any more - and I wanted what "they" had the people in AA who were laughing - and staying sober - I just did not want to quit drinking to get it.....The 'miracle' happened in February my sober date is Sept 1.  So if you are relapsing - been there done that - and can tell you that moderation - in every conceivable guise - did not work for me...Things I had to get over:       .* myself.     .* having all the answers - and thus not being able to listen.     .* a prejudice against those who had a belief system different from mine. Me the liberal free thinker would immediately dismiss someone who mentioned a belief in god any god.     .* a self image with failure built in. (alcohol really makes that self fulfilling prophecy happen)     .* that I was somehow different unique. SPECIAL.     ..But I kept coming back.  And then one week something clicked I started to identify and not compare. I got it and did not drink.  Maybe I went to a meeting on a night I would have drank Maybe I did not have the money in my pocket  I don't know but then I had 30 days 60 90!!!  And I was not happy yet. I still had problems at work and home but hangovers were not one of them nor was stupid things I'd done the night before - at least not so much...I was still co addicted to anger my self esteem leaked the way the Titanic leaked I had debris of the past tripping me up - but I was not drinking and making things worse - and this was a big fucking deal!!!  I even made friends in AA went out for coffee and saw I was not the only confused puppy in the shelter... I was starting to get over myself.  To grow up at 39 but every one around me was in the same boat so it was ok...If you are younger let me tell you the 15 years between 24 and 39 the 'freedom to drink' was not worth the pain and suffering.  If you can avoid one or more of those years - it is probably worth the effort the 'giving up' all the stupid shit.  ..Hope this helps. ..Obligatory AA is no longer the only game in town try one try em all. I think that it is easier when we get help.....
----------immediate responses--------

Great post Slipacre     I'm happy not to be drinking with you today!  Thanks for sticking around to help hold down this fort 
Thanks for sharing that. lol enjoyed the read.
[removed]
Great read! I always enjoy your thoughtful wise posts slipacre!
Thank you for the great post Slipacre.
I had so many #metoo moments when I read that.   Just like when I started to rooms then in the rooms of AA.   I won't drink with you Sir  
Thanks for sharing your story! I'm in the age range and I'm trying to fix my behavior!
I ca relate to this post in many ways... My middle name is; Don't tell me what to do... That was me in spades! lol 
So many similarities  except for the trip to the gravity club.  I only ever heard rumours of that esteemed strip joint.
Thank you for posting - it definitely helps. I will not drink with you today.
"more baggage than a 747"   .thank you iwndwyt x
Thanks for that !.IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing
Always inspiring Slip!..&gt; If you can avoid one or more of those years..Had I stopped in my twenties when I knew I had a problem instead of almost dying in my fifties from it I believe my life would be a whole lot different today.
Thank you so much for sharing this it is truly inspiring..."Things I had to get over: myself"..This.  So much this.  And it is such a struggle...Again thank you.  I will not drink with you today.
Keep coming.
Thank you!
Thank you for this.   You did a really good job of articulating the notion that getting sober is a process.  It's not a heavens parting angels descending overnight change. (ESPECIALLY for us atheists and agnostics). We come to believe that this works.  We come to have trust and faith in a completely new way of thinking that seems impossibly counter intuitive.  Our brains are programmed for instant gratification and in my opinion that's the number one hurdle.  But little by little day by day we start to see the change feel the peace learn patience and appreciate the small miracles that occur all the time if we just open our eyes and pay attention. 
Loved reading this. Thank you! 
Thanks for that.Even as a fellow agnostic I have " God works in mysterious ways (and places) stuck in my mind.A wonderful post.
&gt;Obligatory AA is no longer the only game in town try one try em all...This is a lot like religions.  Each are merely guidelines or paths towards the same objective. As you stated the same should be applied to recovery. ..Personal Note: I enjoyed reading your post.  After years of searching I found myself to be a Stoic [while still drunk] whose reading focus on the divine and instead relies on the personal decisions that one makes with the ability to choose being the divine gift.  Now sober I find myself applying its concepts much more effectively. ..Again to each their own and we own hold our share of sins /problems.  I someone wants to be a better person then that is all that matters. Be good.
Awesome post! Love your gritty wisdom and rough compassion u/slipacre
Hits the nail on the head. 
Thanks for posting your story. I'm forty but it still is an impactful read. The other day you posted a comment on a thread I put up and it had a deep impact on me as well. I know you're not perfect but I appreciate when you write about your experiences opinions wisdom etc. you put yourself out there and it helps me. I appreciate and thank you. 
Your posts are quite helpful. IWNDWYT
Great story. I'm 39 and went to my first meeting yesterday so this really resonates. Also congrats on that long stretch of sobriety. 
Took me until I turned 51 but I am working on the same issues!.
I saw "agnostura alcoholics miracle" in the title. I probably need help. 
Great story! 
I remember walking by the titty bars and Blarney Stones.    Back then I used to wait til evening and weekends to cut loose.   I admitted I was an alcoholic but I allowed myself to believe that being one was just going * to be my lot in life.*.        But then the progression part kicked in with a vengeance.    .*  I threw away several great career opportunities..*  I really hurt some nice women who were good to me and would have made perfectly good life partners..*  I totally messed up my health ignoring all the warning signs..*  I am starting to look back on my life and wonder why I let alcohol make so many of the decisions for me.   ..I do have today and can choose to start anew.    .I have decided to enjoy the heck out of what I have left..The best way I can think of doing that is by not drinking today...      I am new and have read on other posts  .                  ** happy to not be drinking with you today. **
I have just turned 39 have been trying to quit since late 20's early 30's but in all honesty I don't think I really wanted to quit I just knew I had to.  I wish I had quit earlier the last ten years have been brutal; and cost me a lot the physical and mental damage has been severe not to mention the damage it has done to my relationships finances career etc.  I have finally found some sobriety I'm seeing alcohol for what it is.  I wish I could have quit earlier I was just too insecure with too many hang ups with engrained behaviour from more than 2 decades of an abusive relationship with alcohol.  I tried many times to moderate but it was futile.   I completely agree with you the earlier you can quit the less damage and pain you will save yourself the suffering is exponential as the years go on.  Have you finally found peace?
Ummm...What happened to the stripper?
Thanks slipacre.  Miracle of the titty bar. Lmao - Ive had shame never miracles though.
Outstanding thank you for putting this out.
Brilliant thank you so much for sharing this fo the newer members of the crowd. I really enjoyed the message as well as the sense of humor with which you relayed it. I love not having all the answers- better yet not believing that I have to. Thanks again.
"the miracle of the titty bar"..this post was hilarious. insightful too. thanks for sharing..also i felt compelled to post because of your 747 quip since my counter says 747 today. lol
You are so right...In the grand scheme of things not be able to drink is not very important. I have so many other fish to fry AND to enjoy eating. I relate to your post.  I'm 43 and even though I seemingly "have it all together"... I too have realized I need to grow up more. I hate admitting that. I hate feeling so behind. I hate hating. I guess I am also co-addicted to anger as well. Anyway thanks for sharing. Get over myself...I should try this.
Think this was made into a "touched by an angel" episode.
As an agnostic who would have just over a year sober (I even had a sponsee and regularly chaired meetings) when I relapsed I really needed to hear this. This time around it's been a lot more difficult for me to quit. Before I quit and that was the beginning of my year of sobriety. This time I've been in and out more. I finally got a new sponsor (I moved to another state) and your miracle at the titty bar has brought me hope. Thank you. 
Thanks man I appreciate it.  This is something I can absolutely relate to.  I also drank after my "miracle" or "spiritual experience".  It made me feel a little dishonest when I would talk about that turning point in my life.  I would feel like the fact that I didn't stop drinking then and there forever cheapened the event.  Thanks for helping me realize that is not true.
Great post sorry I missed your 11111 day. Your continued presence here and your sobriety will help many. thanks again for the great story....anything with titty bar in the title has to be good.
Thanks for sharing. I really appreciate your attitude towards starting the process - it's an excellent reminder. Most cannot change overnight (or after several overnights in stupors hospitals lost in a stair well) - but making a small change of focus starts the process. And if ya keep showing up the process in itself becomes rewarding. ..I'm on my last day of my first vacation without drinking. It was a little more trying than I anticipated - but I stared down open bottles of rum and gin and beer everyday without anyone to catch me. And I didn't drink a drop. Thanks for being here with me tonight. 
&gt; If you are younger let me tell you the 15 years between 24 and 39 the 'freedom to drink' was not worth the pain and suffering. If you can avoid one or more of those years - it is probably worth the effort the 'giving up' all the stupid shit...Wanna give this a hearty second I know I thought I was even fine a lot of the time but when I look back at it now I just wish I hadn't been drinking it all away...At least we have a sober future to look forward too...Thanks for sharing
Hey thank you for posting this. It is very valuable...If you have time could you please read my latest post and give me some advice. I will really appreciate it :)
This is a post that I can relate to. My intro to AA also came after an evening of binge grinding (that was an autocorrect but it works) in a local  Gentleman's Club . The dancer did not invite me to an AA meeting. That motivation came from the several hundreds of dollars worth of ATM receipts I discovered in my pocket the next morning. You're a talented writer. Thanks for re-posting your experience.
that sounds like a first rate titty bar to me
