-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v659j/how_do_we_love_and_accept_ourselves/

I suppose that many people here struggle with self-love and self-acceptance same way I do which is one of the fundamental reasons I drink and take drugs - to block out the feelings of worthlessness and shame...My question to you good people is as follows:..How do we learn to love and accept ourselves? What steps do we take? How do we love and accept ourselves when we feel like shit and we can't turn to alcohol?..And most importantly how can we be of service to each other? ..One love ..Gypsy &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

I used to hate myself. I don't do it anymore. We are animals and fallible. We weren't born to be perfect. I simply try to do it the best I can. That's as much as I can do.
I go to an AA group with a sponsor. The first step is to admit alcohol is a problem. The next 11 deal with learning to live life sober and finding peace with yourself. I wrote down some of the people that I was angry at in the past. I found a common theme. I have a lot of selfishness and self pity. .I wish I could help you more but I'm learning how to deal with those things as well.
I accept who I am the talents I have been given. We all have things we are good as well as bad things. I am who I am that's all I can be ME! 
If we love others flaws and all we must extend to ourselves the same. I used to have problems loving myself. But now I love myself completely. My imperfections are part of me. Beloved old me trying my best. I'm sick and tired of giving myself a hard time. Sometimes I fuck up I'm human. But I'll give myself a hug and carry on. --Be kind to yourself today and every day and yourself will love you back.   
I am finding that it takes time and some days are better than others
&gt;How do we learn to love and accept ourselves?  What steps do we take?..For me a component of that is known as "doing esteem-able actions".  ..I needed sober friends.  I wasn't going to find them where I had been hanging out.  ..It was a multi-stage process for me...First I went to a lot of meetings.  Everybody there is sober wants to stay sober and amazingly without earning it they *want to help me be sober*!..I got to "practice" interacting with people who are sober...That led to doing things with sober people that were not related to 'meetings'.  Things like hiking lunch coffee movies dinner kayaking biking boating golf motorcycles plays concerts shows museums and on and on...Then to give back I started volunteering a few hours at programs in my community.  I've moved a few times and the easiest way for me is to just contact the local United Way and ask about the different services and volunteering.  They're in touch with most agencies in communities.  Services such as Goodwill Salvation Army Boys and Girls Club Reading to the Blind Meals on Wheels homeless shelters soup kitchens Haven for Domestic Abuse and more...Then I meet a variety of people.  Of course those receiving the services and other volunteers community leaders philanthropists business owners and more!..I got "over the initial hump" at meetings.  That got me started...Tried meetings?..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
One of the things that helps me work towards loving myself is thinking about what I would say to a friend in the same situation.  I would never tell my friend that she or he was stupid or worthless or deserves to feel terrible.  But that's how I sometimes talk to myself.  So I try to realize that and talk to myself the way I would to a dear friend who is going through a tough time.  It doesn't *always* work but it does help me step back and at least attempt to reframe the conversation I'm having in my head. 
I assure you that after a couple of weeks of not drinking my judgemental inner critic and the very bad feelings I had they mysteriously got real quiet.  I also spent the better part of my early recovery rewarding my preferable behaviours and treating myself like a small child.  I kept myself distracted and got through it...I recall that at some point I realized I WAS FREE and coupled with that came the relief that I didn't feel so badly about myself.  Amazing.      if we do the work we can reap the benefits I do believe that we are our own best healers.  I did things I knew deep inside would help me make a good space for the seed of my new life.  I did good enough anyways and I'm thankful to be here free of that abject fear and self loathing that I used to have.  I will not drink with you today
I've hated myself my whole life drinking or not.  Not sure how to change.  Great advice given here but I never see how it applies to me.  It's hard.  
