-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7va6pi/almost_three_months_on_mourning_the_losses/

I m closing in on three months and a couple of my good friends here have asked if I plan to mark the anniversary...I truly appreciate it. I do. Also I am filled with an infinite sadness...Because truth be told when I got my badge last summer I guess I just didn t think that I would actually stop. I already knew I couldn t drink I just never thought it would come to this...My life is better now. Not like miraculous hallelujah bliss but I ve taken one huge negative factor out of the equation with a wide range of effects. Still I miss it...I think about it every day. I don t really struggle anymore except for when life takes a dump in my lap. It happens. Just like life also hands me a kiss. But it crosses my mind. I miss it. You know what I mean...I ve spent ten years - *ten years* - struggling. I know that s a breeze compared to some of you guys here. Nevertheless it s ...a huge loss. A great sorrow. Great pain. **All in vain.** And still I miss it...I ve had plenty of opportunities to search myself in unpleasant ways. I discovered more about myself the first few months here than during ten years rambling on my own (that s a line I use a lot). I ve found that I m a decent guy. I ve also found some painful flaws and limitations...The first times I slipped I found it surprisingly difficult to reset the badge. I was ashamed. Now I m afraid to let the number grow. I have cold feet. I want to reset just to let go of the pressure. To keep being a child. Maybe I m overthinking things overfeeling overnotdrinking...After all this is all about embracing life. It s just that... life has been so much sorrow so much loss and this time I have to mourn it. Not just drown it or scream it or maul it. I have to let it go. And that sucks...Well anyhoo..I will not drink with you today. Thank you for being here. See you tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you feel a loss.  Remember that feelings are valid but don't need to be consuming.  I find that cultivating new habits routines rituals or whatever that provide me with the aspects I liked about drinking has helped me.  ..I liked the distraction the socialization the brief giddiness and the ritual.  I've found other ways to experience these feelings that aren't so destructive.  Sometimes I do wish I had a source of fun release: I wish I enjoyed smoking pot or something that seems relatively benign. But I don't.  And really what I have now is so much better it's been worth it.  Worth working harder for those infrequent moments of natural high.  But I hear you...I'm assuming you've probably already read This Naked Mind since it is so praised here.  If not it's worth a read.
It's healthy to mourn the loss of a lifestyle and that type of life you had.  Sure there were a ton of difficult parts but I bet there were still some good memories in there...The great news is from now on you get to build and remember all of it.  Don't think of it as much as a life lost as a life saved.  You did that.  You stepped in and chose to save your life and you should be very proud of that fact...A lot of people are presented with the easy choice to keep going and the harder choice to make a scary change...Every day sober can be a day you can draw strength from.  Think to yourself man life was a fucking dumpster fire on this day but I still didn't drink I can get through this day sober too...I like to think of each day as a building block a super strong super wide foundation.  Before I thought of each day sober as building a tall tower that could topple any moment and it did...You're absolutely not alone in these thoughts and they're perfectly normal to have.  Try not to let it be a place a shame.  Guilt is ok because guilt makes us change shame makes us think we're bad people...I like to focus a lot on the passive positives.  Things that I now take for granted.  Things that are small and easy to overlook but tend to snowball:..-Didn't have a hangover today..-My body doesn't constantly hurt..-I am a better friend partner and son...-I have significantly less anxiety..-I have saved so much money not drinking..Cheers to you.  I wish you strength and peace during this time.  Remember it's still one day at a time and you made it to 87 days.  88's not far away.
Milestones make me incredibly reflective   and how do we celebrate when our default  celebration' activity (and the default activity for so many of our other occasions and emotions) is the one thing we're trying not to do?  ..Your post reminds me of when in meditation we try to acknowledge our thoughts then let them go.  Stay strong friend.  Happy to be here not drinking with you.
I am not so many days behind you and can relate to what you said. I also knew I had a problem for many years before I tried to address it and it took about 9-10 months of trying out sobriety for me to decide that I really needed to stop drinking for good and I was only doing myself harm by continuing to drink. ..Even though I know this is a better life for me I do mourn the loss of parts of my life before. I miss having friends.  I have essentially lost nearly all of my long-time friends in sobriety - they now tend to treat me like an elderly relative that they don't feel comfortable being themselves around so in a way I have lost a big chunk of my own history with people who have known me for a very long time (some since college 20 years ago). I was truly unprepared for that loss. I miss the easy albeit extremely temporary relief from my own thoughts. I miss being a  regular  person. ..However there are lots of things that I don't miss. The crippling anxiety has now become moderate anxiety. No more hangovers. No more waking up at 3 am unable to get back to sleep. I hope that things will continue to get better. I hope that I will one day have the strength to address the trauma that likely contributed to my drinking which I hope will lead to a greater sense of peace. ..And on balance sobriety is better for me. That being said I think that grieving for the things that I miss is probably a normal response. I try to think of it as stages I need to move through before I can achieve acceptance. ..Thank you for your post. It helps to know that there are others who have similar experiences. 
Hug Homer.      
I feel so similarly.  I think about *not drinking* every day which is okay for now but I hope that one day I can be not drinking and be also not thinking about not drinking.  I enjoy this sub very much though.  It's not like it's at all hard to come here and comment and post or sit and read.  But I get the idea of *overnotdrinking.*  I feel that.  I don't miss it except maybe a tiny bit very rarely.  But I don't like the idea of *never.*  You've put this all so well there is nothing more I could add to it.  I'll not drink with you today.  
