-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vcgwq/six_months_sober_on_tuesday_feeling_conflicted/

Hey everyone. I've never posted here under this account but this community was such a good support to me when I first decided to dry out. Y'all talked me through my first AA meeting and helped me so much. Thank you. ..Tuesday is my six month mark  the longest I ever got was ~16 months in my early 20s  and I'm having a hard go of it. I've been doing alright on paper; I've never once been close to drinking alcohol and have even spent time with friends at bars a few times and done fine just having ginger ale. I've been going to meetings sporadically but I still go when I know I need that extra push. I've spent some time really focusing on and writing down all the things I gave up when I gave up sobriety last time  everything. I gave up everything. Everyone I know knows that I'm in recovery and I have yet to come across anyone who isn't supportive encouraging and accommodating...I know my signs of relapse though having gone through it before and I know I'm on the edge. I think about how much I wish I had a drink with me all the time. I'm not sure what I should do right now. My desire to stay sober has always been externally motivated I'm just having trouble finding the internal motivations. 
----------immediate responses--------

You got it dude! Stay positive! Just keep on pushing through it!
What exactly are your external motivations?   And how are they not also your internal motivations?  ..You don't want to be a slave to a poison.  
On a certain level drinking is a social event a reason to come together. Are you yearning for something that is a reason to meet other people and do stuff together?..Time for a new hobby? 
play it forward. what will it give you that is better than what you have now which is 6 months sobriety? You quit once before and then quit again so something is calling you to sobriety. ..at the end of the day we all make our own choices. i will not drink with you. i hope you choose to continue to not drink with me. ..
I've recently read this naked mind by Annie Grace. It doesn't so much look at why you shouldn't drink and how to willpower it away as to consider the reasons why you would want to. I found it a very different way of looking at it might be helpful?
I think you need to see a dr. and try some medication for the PTSD/depression/anxiety.  There's no shame in it.  You don't have to destroy the things you love in your life in order to cope with your emotional problems.   ..
you know what give me my internal motivation? I think about the last time I drank. Not all the bad stuff that was going on in my life. But the bad stuff that was going on in my Head. How much I hated myself when I drank. How I was scared to do anything without being loaded. How I was always either thinking about drinking drinking or had a hangover. That shit was my whole life...Now whenever I want to drink I think of that day and the pain I was in. Man I don't ever want to feel that bad again. And I know that whatever else may go wrong in my life as long as I don't drink I won't have to. I know this won't work for everyone but it has worked for me for almost 13 years. 
Life slows way down once you get sober. No more high highs but no more low lows either. It can feel dull at times which makes people want to drink again because they miss that warm fuzzy feeling. I suggest doing something that will get your adrenaline pumping: gocart racing roller coaster rides waterskiing gun range...I'm sure you can think of something. Go get out of your comfort zone and you'll feel alive again. That'll keep you motivated to stay sober. A real high is the best high. 
Well first off congratulations on 6 months! It seems to me that now you are dealing with the problems that alcohol "helped" dealing with. Look at my badge and i find myself in the same position. I am terrified of making decisions based on what i am now able to identify as basic life stressors. In my case i have a constant low level anxiety mainly due to low self esteem maybe also low serotonin level (my outlook on life improves when i exercise regularly). With alcohol i simply did not know about this issues! So now i can work on adressing them good news! Being sober made my life clearer for the good and the bad. At least now i have one less problem on my back. Keep going and learning please!
Congrats on 6 months! Are you working the steps with a sponsor? If AA was just about limping along and showing up to a meeting every once in a while to get me through the day that would be super depressing and I wouldn't go. Working the steps helped me so much especially in regards to understanding some of my internal processes work and how I can better regulate them.  Glad you're here. 
