-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vhh4q/am_i_sober/

Other than a couple of slips not substainial relapses I've managed to mostly abstain from alcohol for 15 years now. AA was a good part of my life for the first five years but since then (10 years) I haven't really been in a recovery program. Have I really been sober or do I need to be in recovery to truly be sober? My slip ups make me wonder if I'm not being honest with myself about my being sober. If I were really sober in my mind why would I slip up? Why would it even happen? Why is the desire still there? After all the grief that alcohol has caused me and all the people who got hurt why do I still want it subconsciously and even consciously sometimes? Am I still sick when I just don't drink? I'm having problems with seeing through denial in a lot of different areas of my life right now and maybe that's one of the things I'm in denial about? Maybe my slip ups have really been full blown relapses even if it were just a sip here or there? I'm talking about maybe 3 - 4 times in 15 years. Am I answering my own questions by writing this? If I see a problem then there's a problem right? If anyone can enlighten me or has any feedback It would be greatly appreciated! I'm open to anything.....Edit: Maybe I'm addicted to denial? Is that possible?..Edit: Am I being to hard on myself? I give myself some credit for mostly not drinking I suppose but why am I still dishonest with myself about so many things? Am I overthinking like alcoholics do? I just need help and I don't know where to go.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm new to the game but I've found it very helpful to determine my own definitions of things. Like the sidebar says no one is about for your badge except for you (I see you don't have one but I'm sure you get the idea)...Are you sober? None of us can say. Are you in recovery? None of us can say...Everyone has their own truths. As long as you're not lying to yourself you're in the clear. Do what feels right and don't look back.
From my experience the draw to go down the wrong path in life is always there because it is the easiest path to take. It doesn't take a lot of work to avoid my problems and numb my mind with alcohol. However this as a long term solution will lead to dark places. Imo the right path is the path that leads to a better (everyone has their own definition for better) future but it could mean making necessary sacrifices in the present to get there. So for me I recognize the draw will always be there but I try to just choose the right path every time it pops up.
If you are unhappy I'd start there. Doesn't matter if you sober or not if unhappy. ..For me i'm at the point where I stopped identify myself as an alcoholic. Now I'm just working on myself... The whole self. 
How do you not watch Netflix? (I'm serious!)
Edit: All this existential bullshit aside I'm not going to drink. I still suffer from self-doubt at times and I may not be as entirely "sober" as I thought I was but I will let nothing affect the sobriety that I've gained so far. It's way too priceless and it will besides that kill me. Kind of self-defeating there. I want to go uphill from here not downhill.  
