-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vmfse/1500_days_without/

...fear of not being up to the task at work guilt about not being a good father not being a good husband not being able to get out of bed whilethe kids are asking for their breakfast not knowing where I'm going in life  having no plans for the future not being able to go to bed until there's no more booze to drink in the house crippling fucking headaches passing out every night trying to hide my breath from co workers in the morning systematically isolating myself being worried that I will not have enough booze at home to finish myself having to walk ten blocks to find a corner shop that's still opened and that will accept to sell liquor after hours while the kids are in bed alone at home waking up in the morning to find my kids playing with empty cans of beer next to my bed embarrassing my wife at yesterdays dinner party  hiding bottles at home feeling guilty about spending half the grocery bill on alcohol having zero interest in my life except that next drink after work trying to delay the first drink of the weekend for as long as possible because I knew I wouldn't stop until it was over waking up sleeping on the floor in the living room everything that I cannot remember because of frequent blackouts  .....How I didn't end up loosing everything is beyond me. I was lucky or I had just enough of a brain to fix immediate mistakes in good time. I was a ticking bomb. ..I had tried numerous times to cut down/stop entirely without success. I can't even count how many times I relapsed. ..But that one day I didn't. I decided to stop for the same reasons as I did before. Only it worked. ..It changed my life. I was living again after 30 years of drinking. .If I could do it anyone can. ..Living sober is beautiful. Be proud of it. .Don't drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm happy for your 1500 days of wholesomeness     I'll drink coffee to that!  
This brought tears to my eyes. Congrats on 1500 days!!
Thanks for your words!!.I'm a husband and father of three children and .I haven't lost everything .However I came close etc ..I want to be a better everything and hopefully this one time it sticks.Your post was awesome and I will not drink with you today or tomorrow for that matter I have no desire to drink.. thanks again for you post    
Congratulations! I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations to you what a difference not picking up that drink makes!
Awesome to hear!  Looking to get there at some point!
Your success is AWESOME! Congratulations on living sober for 1500 freaking days dude. Well done and thank you for sharing. I have decided to quit for many of those same reasons. ..I will not drink with you today
Awesome !!
Nice words. As a guy on day 1 your 1500 seems like a dream. Great job on that! 
Its an amazing thing and big numbers are fun to celebrate sober with.  I can't wait to be not drinking tomorrow when I hit 1700...:D
Yes be proud of it.  I love all the things you are without.  I'm so glad you didn't lose everything too.
I'm happy for you!!  
That's fantastic. I have lost all direction and passion for life as a result of drinking. All I care about is when I can start drinking do I have enough will anyone find out etc.  Your post nailed it. 
I've been waiting for one of these list posts to come up. Thank you! This is inspiring and affirming. IWNDWYT!
Congrats. I'm on my way.
This is a great post. The thing I hate most about drinking is all of the worrying and mental time spent on the things you mentioned above.  
Now you are leaving beautiful sober memories for your family.    
Thank you so much for this reminder of why I need to keep doing what I am doing. I feared all of these same things. Drank the same way... had so much regret and remorse... now having recovery those things seem so far away but they are literally only one drink away... thanks again for sharing this milestone with us! 
Great post. Keep it up.
I will not drink with you today. And hopefully tomorrow. But right now just today. .
Congrats. Happy 1500 iwndwyt 
Happy 1500! That's a big ol' number!
Heartfelt and genuine post; congrats my friend.
