-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vnp3l/i_was_drafting_my_60_day_post_happy_as_a_clam/

I was doing great and loving life and sobriety.  I had had weekend relapses since I decided to quit in August and everything was going well.  I was even writing up my 60 day post as this was my longest streak and I had really felt that this was "the one."....Then I had the Friday from hell at work.  After moving to a new city for work almost a year ago I keep getting strung along by management about converting me to full-time from contractor.  All the while they keep beefing up the non US workforce in my department that are incompetent at anything other than making more work for my team.  I work in IT.....Friday after work was like autopilot.  I told my wife that 60 days proved something and I needed to take the edge off.  She wasn't going to stop me.  I went to the store and put down a handle of vodka in 2 sittings.  I spent the next 2 days sick and hating myself.  Wife and I talked a lot about what went wrong and what to do better this time around when bad days like this happen.....Starting over.
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you are here and so glad you are starting over. I believe that those close to 60 days have taught you well. Wishing you success on your journey. "Fall down 7 get up 8" said someone very wise. I will not drink with you today.
Wow you sound exactly like me. I just did the same damn thing for a very similar reason and with similar justifications and got the same result! I decided to give SMART Recovery a try figuring IRL support and some new tools are needed. Good luck. It's good your wife is on board. My husband is too. You can do this. We both can.
Welcome back. Sounds like you learned some things that will help you going forward. Good for you!!..IWNDWYT
Look you had a bad weekend no doubt.  But don't kill yourself over it.  You recognized it and got back to sobriety right away.  That is something that takes many people months or years (and some never make it back)..I heard something great in an AA meeting the other day about relapse.  The guy made the point that even if you slip after 2 or 3 months and then get back to sobriety that is a massive improvement from drinking every day/a bunch of times in a week.  The line that stuck with me was "we don't disparage cancer treatment that works for 2 months just because the tumor happens to gain some ground one weekend."..Use this a lesson see where the mistake was and try to imagine what you could have done to put a wrench in the causal chain that let you to drink...I will not drink with you today.
Welcome back! The more streaks you have the easier it will be to not think of alcohol as your go-to solution. Glad your wife is there supporting you - keep heading in the right direction! IWNDWYT!
I was just sharing in a meeting last night how I've done this innumerable times. Then weeks or months or years pass and What Happened? This time around I've been getting back up immediately and jumping back into the sober life. I'm an alcoholic I drink. It's just my normal state. Good for you coming straight back here!
Man I'm glad you're still here. I'm no doctor but going from abstinence to a handle in two days sounds like some Amy Winehouse  level scary stuff to me. Also you and your wife sound like you're great at being team. Welcome back :)
Im back also today! Thanks for your honesty and for coming back!
Hey look you fucked up no big deal. It's not about having a high number it's about having the best life you can. You realized your mistake and you're moving on. Don't beat yourself up that shit doesn't help. Spend a little bit of time analyzing your mistake and how you can avoid making it in the future. You'll be ok. Go get it!
Ah shit! Back to square one but this time a little wiser :) imagine how good you'll feel when you get to 61 next time round.
I haven't had a drink for the past 15 years but there have been many times when I've questioned how "sober" I am in my mind. I still have a lot of the dysfunctional thinking and I still make bad judgements and have to deal with consquences. Sometimes I start over every morning and that's okay too. Good For you!
Hey two days is not the end of the world. And you realize that. 60 days seems to be the "fuck this!" part of early sobriety and it snagged you. You're only human...and your brain is wired to want that booze so badly. Give yourself a pat on the back for it only lasting two days! Get back up on that horse and start riding again. :)..IWNDWYT!
Welcome back...
Congrats on Day 1. I will not drink with you today.
I'm around 60 days also and feel for you.  I'm going to group therapy atm and one of the principles is that relapse is a learning opportunity not something to be ashamed of.  Most important thing is to put the bottle aside and get back to your life.  Good luck...I will not drink with you today.
60 days was awesome and proof that you can quit!  Get back in the saddle!  You can do it!
This kind of stuff is the same as dieting or beating food addiction. You can have a bad day you can have several bad days just keep on going from there...I think people wallow in their own pity and sorrow which gives them an excuse to give up and not even bother. People are too hard on themselves a lot of the time...That was a mistake today is a new day.
It's great you're back!  Welcome!
Bold direct post. Thank you for sharing. Iwndwyt.
Aiming for perfection?  The best we humans can do is be better than we were yesterday.
[removed]
Those 60 days still count...That's 60 days of building a habit...So what if you messed up? Keep those 60 days. That way when you hit 122 days you'll know it was only 2 days that were bad...If I am losing weight and go 2 months without carbs and I suddenly eat an entire cheesecake: I feel horrible but I don't dismiss the previous 2 months of progress/weight-loss. I look back at my success and stay strong and carry on...Those 60 days are important and they happened. Don't reset your counter and continue your progress where you left off. 
Starting over is a great move!  Good luck!
This very similar scenario just happened to meast Friday too.. drank a bottle of vodka in 2 nights also had to work each morning and was not at my best. Auto pilot sounds about right..
Glad you are back. That's what is important. IWNDWYT 
At least you're back. Those 60 days aren't lost. IWNDWYT
Great job you made it back and have Today same as the rest of us.  The autopilot comment made me think of how vigilant I need to be on a daily basis and make sure I am doing the right things (pray in morning make meetings help others call my sponsor etc).  More Bad days are in all of our futures. My sponsor would probably tell me- Ready then Aim then Fire not Ready then Fire then Aim.
