-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vnu7k/999_my_odometer_is_about_to_turn/

As a sober person who today celebrates 999 days free from the death-grip of booze I feel a joy that I never did when I was drinking the joy of daily discipline. I have been released from the nightmarish feeling that my life has spiraled completely out of my control and that I can only stand by helplessly and watch as it gets flushed down the toilet...As a drinker I always thought that discipline was a religious or military thing not a part of my life at all. And I certainly did not think that it was something I could ever love. But then I read a passage by one of my favorite writers Anne Lamott who wrote:..&gt;I have a tape of a Tibetan Nun singing a mantra of compassion over and over for an hour eight words over and over and every line feels different feels cared about and experienced as she is singing. You never once have the sense that she is glancing down at her watch thinking  Jesus Christ it's only been fifteen minutes.  Forty-five minutes later she is still singing each line distinctly word by word until the last word is sung...It occurred to me that my sober life is deliberate in this way. I sloppily half-assed my way through so much of life when I was drinking. I was either not really there because I had a buzz going and wasn't fully engaged or I was actually not there at all because I was somewhere else sleeping it off. Either way I was never fully present and life was passing me by in a booze-induced blur. But not any more: my life is clear and deliberate now. It is disciplined in the nicest sense of the word...Here is how I have spent every one of the last 999 days (except for the first ten when I was in the hospital). I get up and have my coffee. (When I was drinking I didn't go to bed until 6:00 a.m. Now I love being up early in the morning.) Then I go through my day without ever taking that first drink no matter what happens good or bad. When I struggle I use the tools I learned here at stopdrinking such as playing the tape forward riding out the wave of a craving and making an Irish Exit. I allow plans to change or go slightly off-course if it means keeping me sober and I give myself permission to do things badly or not to even do them at all. But the one non-negotiable element of my day is that I will not take that first drink...Then at night when I am under the covers and my head is resting on the pillow I say a prayer to the gods of sobriety or to Saint Monica (the patron saint of people with alcohol problems) or to the Great Seal Point in the Sky (my ex-husband always said that when we die we will be judged by a panel of Siamese cats). I give thanks for my day of sobriety and ask to be sober the next day too. (While I'm there I also sneak in a thank you for not having had to get the liver transplant after all.)  This nightly ritual is one that I have now done 999 times. ..Recently I read that talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates there's a lot of movement but you're never quite sure in what direction it's going. For me the same has been true of sobriety. But now I no longer feel that I am wearing roller skates on a greased floor covered with marbles. Instead I feel that with dedication I can finally get some traction. And with the help of the Great Seal Point in the Sky as well my friends here at stopdrinking I can say that at the end of today I will do my ritual of sobriety for the 1000th time. And I hope that you will not drink with me today too..
----------immediate responses--------

Last TDP today!  In two days your now racking upFDPs!  ..Woo hoo!
This is a grand accomplishment and a fantastic post.  Thank you for sharing it and inspiring!..(Also I would like to hear more about the panel of Siamese cats that will be judging me...do they confer with the cats in my home before judgement?  Because I fill a hot water bottle for them to cuddle on cold days like this and I hope that gets considered!)
Hey sfgirlmary you're hitting quadruple digits! Thanks for sharing your story and for all the service you do moderating SD and hosting What's Up Wednesday. You have been an inspiration to me and you still are. Congratulations on what you've accomplished...When the Great Seal Point in the Sky batted us around like mice we will be able to say we stood back up and said "Here kitty kitty."
Oh my gosh Mary!  That's awesome!   One day from the kilosober!  You shouldn't worry about the judgment of cats; as a person who responsible for helping to save my life and one of my favorite people on the planet I'm pretty sure cats are pretty good judges of character...On the other hand I have a siamese cat (a blend but it's pretty siamese looking) -- I face that judgment every day.  It's not pretty.
Sobometer? Congratulations! On my way to you. iwndwyt
Awesome post and congratulations! We read Bird By Bird by Anne Lamott in a Creative Writing class and she is so insightful. 
Bear Hug!      I am so happy I'm here not drinking with you : ) .Your constant presence here helped me get through my first sober days to you I will always be grateful.  Is that a tear?  It must be dusty in here.  Thank you and praises be to all cats they are gr8!  
This is a wonderful post.  Discipline is something that still eludes me.  I have much more discipline in some ways but my routines are a bit sporadic.  I tend to think of routines and disciplines as activities such as regularly scheduled exercise healthy diet meditation study etc. And though I do these things frequently I don't feel devoted...Coming to this site most days every week has been a constant.  Not drinking every day is routine.  I hadn't thought about those things as disciplines before but I suppose they count.  So thanks for that thought!
Yahooooey!!  Go go Mary!  You are such a gift here at SD.  I'm so happy to see you transition to 4 digits and am celebrating with you albeit quietly at my desk.  I love how your discipline is a deliberate act of self-love.  Thank you for being my inspiration and for your wisdom and humor.  Cannot wait to join in the quad digit territory!  Big Colorado hug to you!
Thank you. Inspiration indeed...IWNDWYT 
Totally amazing! Congratulations and a big thank you for all you do here that keeps me and so many others going. I am raising my cuppa tea to you as I type but just one thing what's an Irish exit? Love and hugs xx
Congratulations! Beautifully written and I love your insights. I'm currently doing a mediation mantra and that passage by Anne Lamott really resonated with me. 
Way to go!
Congrats on achieving your first Kilosober Mary. It has been a pleasure watching your journey from day one. Keep up the great living!
YES congrats!
Congratulations OP! I hope to join your ranks one day. IWNDWYT!!!!
I have a snoring Seal Point on the couch next to me. I love the idea that we are judged by a panel of them. Did your ex-husband invent this idea or did it come from somewhere else?
Proud to not drink and mod with you Mary you're awesome!
SFgirl - You rock!
From someone who has been trying for a long time and can't get past the early days (I always think I can start moderating the way I used to) this is a beautiful and inspiring message. I will be adding  the beauty of discipline  to my journal today. Thank-you and Congratulations on your days!
Oh my gosh it's totally going to be a panel of Siamese cats! That is so perfect. ..Huge congrats to you. Thank you for being such an instrumental part of this life-changing and life-saving community. You were the first person I'd ever heard say that sobriety was a gift. It certainly is.
Mary!!!!!!!!! Congrats my dear friend! Ready? **1000**!!! Yay I finally get to 'do the comma' lol! In your honor I present https://www.youtube.com/user/bobmarley. Yup a lil bit of everything just for YOU! Thank you for everything. Love Ya  
The Great Seal Point in the Sky! 	    I love it. Thanks for being such a helpful presence here on SD. 
I love this. Thank you for sharing your rituals with us. I'm amazed and inspired by the change you've made. 
This is so cool! I'm so happy for you! Thanks for always being here for us all :) x
i am really happy for you dude!..this was a lovely read. way.to.go!
That's bloody awesome and so inspiring. I hope to be doing the same countdown years from now! Congrats on your hard work paying off. Not drinking with you today. 
So wonderful to hear about your joy. I love the passage you quoted and will keep it in mind. Thank you for the inspiration. Congratulations!! 
Congratulations!!  Well done. You should be very proud of yourself 
u/sfgirlmary you have meant so much to so many here - and to me. Hosting this posting that and commenting over and over and over again every time with an eye for *this* post - sorry *this person*. I admire you for your commitment honesty and perseverance. Your guts! Your compassion! Wow. Hail Mary! Of course I will not drink with you today! Not tomorrow either that's a promise :-) ... a nerdy suggestion for your dictionary: You're a millennium falcon now. You've been around the block a few times might feel rusty and beat up but underneath you are solid flying gold.
Thank you for sharing this it was very inspiring to read and though I may be just at 37 days you've given me something to aim for...When your sobometer rolls over from 999 to 1000  well done!
Yahooooooo!!! Congrats!!!
Love this Mary...  I'm still an octopus but my roller skates are gone. There are so many things I want to do. Things I abandoned. Things I forgot about or ignored. Proud of your achievement. You keep praying to the seal point clan... not drinking with you today.
Wowzer! Congratulations on your amazing achievement. Thank you for being here  
Excellent post. My mom always said children crave discipline and I have applied that in raising my own. I had forgotten to apply this philosophy to myself  until more recently. Now I also crave discipline and feel so much more centered when I practice it. It's for adults too you knew? It's not for everyone but.... I've been loving on this quote the last few months.....Suffer the pain of discipline today or the pain of regret tomorrow...Cheers! Bravo!  on 1000 victories! 
Sfgirlmary. Many congrats and well done.  Ure rolling into the 1000 beautifully.  Wise words there it really is all about the discipline and the beauty of repetition that lead to Our small daily victories... I will not drink with you today.  Such sweet words.
I got a tear in my eye u/sfgirlmary!  Thank you for writing such a meaningful post on this significant achievement!  And thank you for being a great MOD and a role model to us all.  I do pray several times daily but I may see what the Great Seal Points can offer.  As always many blessings to you my dear!
Woohoo SFG!!! Thank you for this awesome post and for all you do here.
This was timely and relevant.  Thank you for this gift  
Congratulations Mary and thank you for a great post as usual! The Great Seal Point on my Sofa and I are happy not to drink with you today in celebration  :)
Congratulations and thank you for continuing to inspire!
&gt; When I struggle I use the tools I learned here at stopdrinking such as playing the tape forward riding out the wave of a craving and making an Irish Exit...Thanks for your post and congratulations for your milestone! .I especially appreciated the techniques you mention here as I didn't know them. 
What a beautiful piece of writing.  I love what you say about life being clear and deliberate.  It gives me a good feeling.  Unfortunately I am now afraid of being judged by a panel of Siamese cats when I kick the bucket.  Congrats and thank you.
Congrats on your kilosober!
Congratulations on 1000! I always enjoy reading your posts   
Thank you for this lovely post! Congrats on 999 days and 1000 tomorrow!
Amazing job congrats! And thank you for all of the resets! =).I'm not religious but giving thanks the day of sobriety and asking for the next sounds like a pretty good idea. Yawn it's late..Good night!
Congratulations to you very proud to travel the path with you.
yay!!  
&gt; I read that talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates..Funny they keep telling me that hustle beats talent when talent doesn't hustle.  I just keep seeing hustlers falling flat on their faces like your octopus...Thanks for your sharing and congratulations happily not drinking with you today.
Congratulations! But now I am back to my selfish self: I want to see more of your collages and what about the cloth you dyed indigo????We need art!!!! Just kidding. You are constant inspiration.
Awesome! Congratulations on 4 digits (tomorrow). You're an inspiration.
Congratulations! Thank you so much for sharing....I'm realizing discipline is something I need to work on rather than just winging it as I did for so many years. May the the Great Seal Point in the Sky smile upon you....I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations Mary! I'm so happy for you! This post made my day :D
I am so happy tonight!!!!! You're awesome mary. You do amazing art take care of us give back here a hell of a lot inspire me to be better give us our WuW and so many other things around here.  I think you're damn terrific. You're an incredible co-mod and I'm glad to call you my friend :) I wish you all the success in the world in your future endeavors and everything in life. ..To 1000 more ;) ../la croix cheers
Whenever I see your user name pop up I'll imagine a graceful octopus roller-skating on by. Congratulations!
Such a huge milestone.  Way to go!  Keep it up.
So happy for you!
