-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vt4zr/i_am_really_struggling_tonight_to_not_go_get_a/

Only have stopped for a few days and this is the worst urges I have had yet figured I would post.  ..At least saw my hometown on old TV shows I am watching. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; At least saw my hometown on old TV shows I am watching...That's very cool. ..I'm an alcoholic. I can't drink. If you feel like your an alcoholic well then its probably not a good idea to drink. Once you get that really deeply in your mind you'll find that you may not want the stuff so much.
I just watched the first episode of a show called Absentia ............ it was interesting . ..I will not drink with you tonight 
Hey there I am struggling a little tonight too. Just feeling a little down. ..My first week was when I had the most intense cravings. I think it's a very physical thing. On day 4 I almost caved and tore the whole house up looking for vodka. Thank god I did not find any and my boyfriend came home before I could get some! Because the cravings passed and it has become easier and easier as I feel so much better every day. ..I won't drink with you today. You can do this! 
Have you eaten recently? I have found that the "H" in HALT (hungry angry lonely and/or tired) produces the biggest cravings for me. Also a nice walk or bike ride will help me power through.
Download clash of clans. You won't have time or money to drink. :)
It was my youngest kid's 15th birthday. We celebrated tonight. In the past it would have been an excuse for me to drink but not now. ..I will not drink with you tonight.
Fast forward to tomorrow if you drink tonight.  How will you feel?  Has it ever been worth it?  This is what I am asking myself tonight.
Getting ready to sack out. Absolutely exhausting day. Looking forward to the kind of sleep you only get with sobriety. For cravings you might try a sugary treat like Skittles or ice cream. It helps!
Trying to write the next chapter of my book.  Okay fanfic but still.  Writing's not something I can do while drunk so making that a goal is good insurance against slipping...I will not drink with you today.
I'm was struggling right there with you. Decided to turn it early in hopes of getting up early and watching the sun rise. IWNDWYT!
Just got home from a SMART meeting and cracked open a coconut LaCroix!!  I will not drink with you tonight!
I worked out ate dinner with a Large Croix and had ice cream to cap the evening. Working out helps me with cravings. ..IWNDWYT
I go to bed silly early and wake up stupid early.  I love it.  It's a game changer 
