-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vu0jg/im_so_unhappy_right_now_but_id_be_way_worse_off/

One of my main motivations to quit drinking was for my mental health. As an active alcoholic I often had suicidal thoughts and terribly avoidant behavior and anxiety...I'm so unhappy right now. My job has me miserable. I'm very dissatisfied and I still struggle with my mental health but things are much better. I am so lucky and grateful that I've stopped drinking. Alcohol wasn't working for me and I fixed the problem. It wasn't an easy problem to fix..Hang in there friends. It's a bumpy ride. I hope things will be better soon. I know I'm sure going to try to fix up this life some more.
----------immediate responses--------

Life isn't easy. We stop taking alcohol because it makes it harder not because it makes it perfect.
Hang in there. Things always get better   .IWNDWYT  
Hang in there.  I can relate to a lot of what your saying here.  The other day I was a mess crying in the car just feeling *way too much* sadness and pain.  But it's so much easier to let that wave of emotion break over me like a wave and pass now than when I was drinking. ..Before it felt like it would never get better.  Now I can see that these raw emotions will pass and just ride them out. ..You're doing great.  At least one thing we can always be proud of is that we're doing this one big thing to make ourselves a better version of ourselves everyday.   
I know the feeling. My depression and anxiety are still there and getting worse. I have to live with them probably for the rest of my life. It sucks. .. Sometimes I feel like 'fuck it I already feel like crap why not just drink some beer and at least get some pleasure out of life. Why deny myself?' ..For the past month I have resisted the temptation and I have not yet woken up thinking that I wish I had had a drink the previous night. ..I know that not drinking is the right choice for me but it is hard to accept that it is not a solution to all my problems. 
i also struggle with mental health. When life is good...its good for 1-2 months. but when i have a bad week or two i collapse emotionally very easily. (isolate) I hear you. You're not alone. Glad to be sober - hang in there. Im not stoked about my relationships or job in my life either.  Hoping things get better.
It's better to be unhappy but in control rather than unhappy and living in chaos. Sobriety doesn't make you happy but it gives you a fighting chance. Nothing worthwhile is easy.
Exactly. You got it. Life will and can still be difficult but alcohol would only compound problems and postpone solutions. Sending you sober love and support. I will not drink with you ever!
