-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7w2a0j/i_feel_like_the_second_month_is_harder_than_the/

Just struggling and hoping for guidance. I don't want to drink but I feel not great all around mostly neurologically but not enough to really need anything. Kind of feeling really blah you know?..I'm staying socially engaged working exercising etc. But I feel like I need a ton of sleep still. I'm doing great with nutrition. I suspect I'm drinking way more coffee... Back when I had alcohol I needed the coffee. Now I think it's probably problematic...I'm just rambling. Thank you for listening. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I'm also feeling the second month is a lot harder too. First month just the joy of no hangovers carried me through it but now that's not enough. I'm having to work through the issues that built up after years of drinking and I'm feeling really run down about it. 
The second month had less momentum for me   the novelty of it had kind of worn off; it didn't help that it was Xmas and New Year's either...That said I kept setting attainable goals since I'm numbers-oriented: 44 days 50 days then 55 and two months. After 2 full months I kind of thought about it less and the new habits like tea drinking and keeping busy during my  trigger  hours were more natural...Keep it up - I am just starting month 4 and it feels really really great...IWNDWYT
I will not drink with you today!
I'm 37 days 28-34 were interesting not tough but I was in a strange head space better now. IWNDWYT 
The bok that I have just read talks about giving up drinking in terms of an obstacle course and months 2-3 are when you hit the wall they are the hardest part once you're over the other side apparently it gets easier fingers crossed!
I am going through the same sort of feelings I just fell blah and board its the only way I can describe it. Its like my personality has been altered in some way and yes the novelty of this has certainly worn off. I keep getting the I am ready to have a drink or 6 almost every afternoon but I stop myself for now. But knowing me and how my work works if something keeps playing on my mind like buying a new motor cycle car guitar anything if my mind is active towards it I usually have what I want shortly thereafter. . Anyway I was glad to see this post this morning to realize I am not alone in these feelings and I am hopeful by some of the replies that this to shall pass. Have a great day and no drinking with you today. Peace
It was similar for me. Tired. Much better after about 60 still improving. Hang in there
yeh.  The 2nd month is all about trying to find something to fill the time we all spent drinking.  
Definitely! I'm not having a hard time filling the space that was taken up by drinking but I'm sorely missing the "hug" that I feel after a few drinks. (Before the eventual blackout.) I don't know how to substitute that. Maybe that's not an option.
