-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wa7ne/lessons_of_relapse/

Please ignore my badge I have ended up relapsing once again. Stayed out late last night to celebrate a coworkers last day at our company. One drink turned into 10. Woke up today feeling absolutely horrible was anxious and depressed. ..Since I started my  sober  journey back in November my longest sober streak has been 17 days. As I sit here and reflect on what the  lesson  for this relapse was it has finally dawned on me. Perhaps it seems obvious from the outside looking in however I have finally realized that I haven't even given myself a chance to be successful in sobriety. ..I still put myself in situations where alcohol is present I hang out with the same people I have not changed one this about my routine and I have not yet gone to a meeting or have even tried to be a part of any kind of support group/therapy. ..How could I expect to be successful in getting sober without putting in any of the work? Such a terrible trait of mine wanting the results without doing my part. ..I am scared I am sad but I remain hopeful and will not give up. I have to try harder this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

I remember your first day! I'm glad you're back...This was a necessary part of my process too. I didn't want to change anything and I was stacking the deck against myself. When I did start to make changes things really improved so much. More than I can express. The unknown is petrifying but slowly it becomes known and much less scary. ..Changing the routine spending time here and being honest with my therapist has helped me so far. Refuge Recovery is next for me. It's a process and it will never be finished... and that's okay! When I was drinking I was always the same. Now I am always becoming something new. 
&gt; I still put myself in situations where alcohol is present I hang out with the same people I have not changed one this about my routine and I have not yet gone to a meeting or have even tried to be a part of any kind of support group/therapy...Sounds like you learned a lot! Good. Stay sober.
Man if I was hanging out in bars much at all I would be fucked. Even at 2.5 months I am definitely not comfortable being around booze except limited situations. An environment where I would not necessarily abuse alcohol is ok for me. e.g. having dinner at a friend's house isn't something I would associate with getting drunk. But staying around after dinner for 2 hours while my friend sipped whiskey on his back porch and me just watching him for example?  Nooooope. It would get to me. ..Sobriety is a learning process. It sounds like you've definitely learned something about yourself. How you put those learnings into practice is up to you. 
I had a rough time early in my not drinking.  10 friends going hunting where the booze starts flowing at around noon.  I made it through it and felt stronger doing it.  But if I had to do it again I'd have passed on the weekend.
Have you thought about SMART Recovery? I went to a meeting last week &amp; got my workbook in the mail today.  I'm looking forward to going through it. IWNDWYT!
