-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wg884/i_know_i_need_and_want_to_go_to_an_inpatient_unit/

I'm 26 I've been to a few inpatients before and my longest time of sobriety was 3 years. I had little relapses here and there after that but after this Christmas I ended up in the ER heavily withdrawing in two different occasions. I know what's happening I'm terrified I'm terrified to stop and I'm terrified to keep going. ..I was given a few inpatient and outpatient referrals last night the social worker was extremely helpful and caring. I live with my girlfriend of 6 years and she is pissed (she knew my whole deal when we began dating) I don't know how to tell her I want to be alone because I'm so ashamed of her seeing me this way. ..I made my first steps today. I called into work and told them I'd be out of the time being they were supportive. I dropped my 1 class I was planning on taking this semester it started 3 weeks ago and I still haven't been. ..I called the inpatient and outpatient facilities to find out what I need from them...I turned 26 last month and as such have no insurance...adding to how daunting this all feels. I need to go around in person and sign some papers and whatnot. I left my car at a good friend's house last night because I didn't want myself to have easy access to booze (it's been out of my house for 2 days.)..My friend is planning on coming over here and helping me gather some things. I feel so stupid. Maybe I'll at least try to hit up an AA meeting later be honest there...Of all the problems right now no insurance? I kept covering up my problems with working and school. Even when I wasn't drinking I never had much I felt like I needed to contribute just empty. ..I'm trying to breathe and read some things I enjoy (now that my eyes can focus again little sober victories). Sorry for the rant I'm scared and I want to stay sober with you guys today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Take a deep breath. Everything is going to be ok. Just take things a little at a time. Go to the AA meeting for sure and start calling treatment center for information right now. You're life is now going in reverse due to drinking and it is speeding up so putting it on hold is the best thing for you. How else can you go forward? Talk to your girlfriend frankly and openly. She deserves to know how you are and more importantly how she can help if she chooses. Trust me nothings feels worth than being left out and unable to do something for a loved one. Be kind to yourself and please realize getting sober is the most important thing in your life right now.
Booze is nothing more than the worst kind of lying lover. The one you can't resist who wants to destroy you. She keeps whispering "Just one or two will be OK go ahead"...You are saving your life here...I found in quitting booze when I was up to about liter of gin/day and a year later quitting 3 packs/day of menthols (second attempt at sobriety first at cigs both successful to this day) that making a *decision* in my mind was crucial...When it comes to booze and to a slightly lesser degree tobacco you are up against a murderous enemy pretending to be a friendly companion...Sometimes sobriety is "One Day At A Time"...Sometimes it's "One Hour At A Time"...Sometimes sobriety is "One Minute At A Time"...Before I quit for good I used to wonder how I would manage to fight booze off. After I decided I was not going to allow this stuff to keep turning me into someone I was not I felt a whole lot stronger. 
I am sure it seems daunting but you are moving in the right direction! You have a lot of people rooting for you here. Good luck and keep us updated  
