-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wg8zw/fitbit_has_been_a_surprising_motivator_to_stop/

I started using a Fitbit with a heart rate tracker a few months ago. Ive been struggling with relapsing every 3-25 days. ..Took some time yesterday to review my Fitbit heart rate and sleep data. ..The longer I got without drinking the lower my resting heart rate is the higher my cardio health is and the better my sleep is (not so many restless periods and more R.E.M. periods). ..I can see my relapses on my heart rate tracker. Days where my resting heart rate jumps from low 70s to 80-85 always correspond with a relapse. Conversely the days/weeks where my heart rate trends downward always correspond with longer periods of sobriety. ..Days where I hit no R.E.M. sleep are days where I binged hard. Days where I hit good levels are always 3+ days into sobriety. ..I will not drink with you today. Because I want to hit new personal bests with my heart rate tracker and sleep tracker. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yup being sober is being healthier. I'm curious what the trend was on your blood pressure. Mine was sky high at the end of my drinking career.
I've been doing the same with my FitBit! And I've also noticed how my resting heart rate is much lower and in the normal range when I'm in sobriety and then spikes back up when I'm back to drinking. Nowadays it's pretty consistently between 60 and 70 BMP and from what Fitbit tells me that's in the healthy range. .It's cool to see those numbers in a graph over time. I won't drink with you today!
I am so glad you posted this! I have an Apple Watch series 3. I got it for Christmas. I have been tracking my sleep patterns as well as my heart rate and activity. I've also noticed of huge change in my sleeping trends and my waking and resting heart rate. The weekend before I stopped drinking my heart rate was so erratic. Now every morning-my waking heart rate is at a great level and often lower than the pr buoys morning before. It's a great tool for motivation. ..Not to mention an eye-opener to how hard I was on my heart. :-(
I was an awful binge drinker Fitbit was such a tell. Sober 25000-30000 steps drunk on a bender... 2500 steps maybe.
Yes!! I have a Fit bit blaze and I actually turned the heart rate monitor off while I was drinking because my resting heart rate was in the upper 70s and just doing day to day things my HR was extremely high like 100-120s. And I was (and still do) get about 1.5hrs of cardio a day. My blood pressure was sky high as well. ..The alcohol was totally undoing my workouts...The day I quit drinking I turned on the HR monitor as motivation. Just recently I've noticed it really improving. My testing heart rate is now in the 50s where it was prior to drinking/during longer periods of sobriety...I can't even explain the peace of mind that brings me! ..It's also nice to see how my sleep has improved as well. Now if only I could get my toddler to stop waking me up all night long...Eff alcohol.
