-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wj5ll/time_to_get_serious/

I'm going to tell my college buddies I'm meeting in LA in April. I'm going to tell my parents and siblings. I'm going to tell anyone who asks. ..I mean I want to. ..I am in this moment struggling to commit to quitting. To accept I can't moderate. To get over the fear I have of April's trip literally killing me if I even have a single drink which will inevitably lead to a blackout and who knows what. I am afraid of alienating old friends being perceived as negatively newly different being a black sheep. Everyone has been supportive of my  breaks' which to me were just failed experiments with quitting altogether. But to be confronted with a permanent new me? It feels like a huge ask even though I know this is about me and not other people. ..Any experience with this advice or words of encouragement are appreciated and as always I will not drink with you today.  Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Might I suggest to you the Sinclair Method?
Whew. Big questions here tough answers...Without writing a book on the topic it has been my experience that everyone was FAR more accepting of my decision to live sober than I expected. Even those who I never perceived to have a problem have expressed support. I hear "wow" and sincere remarks of "good for you man."..I've found that people have if anything treated me with more respect. And when you think about it it isn't that far-fetched. No one thinks drinking to excess is the latest health craze lol. I've only ever heard applause for having the discipline to make a change like this...Some may have judged me behind my back but thankfully that doesn't really mean jack at the end of the day. The people who really mean something to me have not only supported me but included me in their lives more. I don't send drunken texts anymore. I'm reliable. I'm always reasonable and able to keep a level head. People value the heck out of a sober friend in my experience...No matter what your experience may be I think you're making a very brave choice and I'm proud to be here with you. I hope you encounter all of the positivity I have and more  .
I encourage you!! Like you I've taken breaks. Most people were supportive. But it was a break not stopping altogether. I also feel nervous. The way I see it my relationships will take a hit either way. Because drinking was also damaging. Whatever happens you can handle it- it won't be worse than what you've already been through. Either way we are here to support you!!
i think for the most part other people have a way better time dealing w us quitting than we think they will. never heard anyone say "that party was terrible  and remember Johnny he was so sober!"..but I'm not in college
