-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wo2uh/6_days/

I posted here 6 days ago about feeling a relapse creeping. After commenting back and forth with a few people I came to the conclusion I was becoming complacent. ..Things I did this week to get back on track:..Haircut and trimmed my scruffy beard. ..Went out of my way to run the little errands instead of procrastinating...Made sure to take a break at work and decompress...Stayed active on this sub by checking daily and making an effort to participate...Worked out for the first time in 2 months this morning. ..Called my dad and just talked for an hour or so...And a big one for me was I told a few people in my support system. ..Figured I could throw all of this out there in hopes someone may be able to spot themselves before they hit the point of no return. Cheers peeps have a happy weekend. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Getting in touch with yourself is an important part of keeping yourself on track. Great job!..Keep your head up and your eyes on the goal. I will not drink with you today.
Well done on not relapsing! You have an impressive number!
That lizard is a crafty sucker and lays in wait for me to put my guard down to whisper all the lies.  Knowing that drinking isn't an option for me no matter what and then doing whatever it takes to keep moving forward and out of the slump has worked for me as well.  Those feelings pass!  Sometimes it may take a few days but they do pass and also strengthens my resolve.  Thank you for sharing and I'm happy to hear you made it to the other side Nayborg!
I found that decompressing is a big help.  I have 4 kids and have an over full time career plus my gym schedule.  I wasn't taking time out for me... a healthy time out   .  Finding healthy things to do has made me feel like I am getting that break.  Thanks for sharing!..I will not drink with you today.
  I'm so glad I have the chance not to drink with you today 
Yessss so happy for you. Thanks for the heads up you never know. Congratulations and iwndwyt
