-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wrm71/day_2_so_im_reading_seneca/

 I needed to quickly distract myself from the guilt and anxiety so I turned to reading. I find it funny that when you need wise words they usually come in the most appropriate time so long as you have eyes to see or are attuned to hear them. I have a passion for philosophy so I've decided that I will replace my drinking habit with that of a more enlightening and healthy hobby. The pursuit of wisdom. With that I want to share these words of Seneca to possibly interest others and if nothing else to share an interest of mine. It ties in perfectly to my situation now and the fact that I've neglected this form of self discovery and search for truth for some time now. This quote is from 'Letters Of a Stoic - Letter LIII ' translated by Robert Campbell. .. "Why does no one admit his failings? Because he's still deep in them. It's only the person who's awakened who recounts his dream and acknowledging one's failings is a sign of health. So let us rouse ourselves so that we maybe able to demonstrate our errors. But only philosophy will wake us; only philosophy will shake us out of our heavy sleep. Devote yourself entirely to her. You're worthy of her she's worthy of you- fall into each others arms.". .Struggling in my self worth and how I'm going to calm my mind I found this passage of Seneca's comforting. I am worthy of caring for myself if nothing else and attending to this illness that is a troubled mind and spirit is absolutely necessary in order to achieve a good life. I hope you all are staying strong today and taking just a minute to be introspective. IWNDWYT...
----------immediate responses--------

Stoicism really resonates with me. I'm reading Seneca too right now :) IWNDWYT
If you enjoy Seneca Epictetus discourses are similar and really good. Keep up the good work!!
oh man...so true. we are better at admitting our failures once we are better. sometimes i wonder if we can close the gap. can i confess my failures from last week rather than last year?
I've been checking out r/stoicism. Good stuff! 
I understand the Stoics thought the best representation of a person's philosophy was "not in what they said but manifested in what they *do*."..I collect action verbs.  Gets me out of my head.  ..I find that my journey picked up steam as I focused on my actions!..Congratulations on your sober progress!  Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Strange.  I also stubbles upon Ryan Holiday's blog in my sobriety and am enjoying the Stoics words of wisdom right now.  ..Iwndwyt 
