-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wrriw/just_when_i_was_feeling_impenetrable_my_sobriety/

I felt I have been breezing through my sobriety ever since I stopped drinking. I normally have absolutely 0 urge to drink. I'm also very stubborn so I have no problem refusing drinks or staying sober at parties and celebrations. My room mates keep a full liquor cabinet and I work in a start up environment so beer and liquor are always stocked in our kitchens. It's been super easy tbh and it almost feels unfair after seeing and reading the struggles that others go through. You guys are WAY stronger than me...However tonight I was truly tested for the first time. I was in a car accident tonight. Luckily everyone involved was ok but this hit especially hard for me. With all the money I've been saving from not drinking I bought a really nice car that I fell in love with. Ive been calling it my sober trophy. It's the first physical manifestation of all my efforts. I've only had it for just over a month and then this happened. What made it worse was it was a motorcyclist that swerved across my lane to make a last minute turn. I didn't stop in time and hit him. Grr...Luckily he was alright and the damage was only minimal. Just a messed up bumper and some scrapes on the hood. His bike seemed fine too. I'm just so frustrated. Not only because of my car but I just got back on the road. After not having a car for about 5 years. Ugh the alcohol in my house never seemed more apparent. ..This is the first time that I really felt an urge to say fuck it and just have a beer. I reached out to a couple friends and luckily I have an awesome support system from them. They gave some great advice. I took the accessible beer and gave it to my neighbor upstairs. I'll be having some tea instead. They also helped me understand that any normal person would want to have a drink or beer after a stressful event like that. They also reminded me that it's not worth it though and to stay strong. Anyway I'm looking forward to waking up in the morning with a clear head and energy to deal with all this. Thanks for the continued support r/stopdrinking.IWNDWYT.-ArtyFizzle
----------immediate responses--------

congratulations on making a super food choice!.and I'm so glad you and the biker and the car are ok. this would have been so much worse if alcohol had been involved..also amazing you saved enough from not drinking to buy a car !!!!
Good on you!  One day at a time.   ..The car can now serve as a reminder of your resolve under duress as well!   ..I will not drink with you today!
I am sorry about your car but glad you are ok. Being tested will make you even stronger I think. If you made it though this challenge you can get through whatever life throws at you. Happy to not drink with you today!
Congratulations on all of the days where you did not have any urge to drink and didn't drink. ..But even more so a HUGE congratulations on the 1 day when you really wanted to drink and didn't drink. ..While the easy victories are worth celebrating it's the hard-won victories that you should be most proud of. Without it all those easy victories would be wiped away. You rock!!!! IWNDWYT!
Oh man. That sounds tough. Congrats for staying strong and tapping into your support system. Glad you and the others are OK. IWNDWYT.
Wow that's crazy! As I read your story I kind of thought a few things  1) if you had still been drinking this could be a very different story 2) Sounds like the car can be repaired and 3) it's almost like those scratches and dents are  scars from surviving a big temptation. .Not sure if  that makes sense but over all you had a victory tonight. Good job!!!! 
