-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wwav9/its_been_one_month_today_and_i_already_feel_like/

I'm honestly shocked by how good I feel after only a month without alcohol. ..In January I stopped drinking alcohol taking recreational drugs smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee. I've also been working hard on eating really healthily exercising regularly and getting enough sleep. I ended up being winter flu sick for most of January but launched into February once I was better by doing an /r/loseit 30 day challenge. These two subs have truly changed my life...Before I started all of this I was binge drinking at least once every weekend smoking weed and 'having a beer or two' most evenings taking party drugs about twice per month smoking on and off (heavily when on going a few days to a week at a time off maybe once per month) feeling addicted to sugar and carbs often going out through the week and not getting enough sleep. So I wasn't the worst case problem drinker - certainly no one in my life would have noticed I had a problem. I tried to quit on New Year's Day but then rationalized a 'moderated' night out for a friend's birthday not long after and ended up black out drunk snorting cocaine sharing a bed with someone I regret sharing a bed with and stumbling home at 8am in someone else's slippers because I had lost my shoes. That was when I knew moderation was not the answer for me...In retrospect alcohol was having a huge impact on my life and had been doing so for a long time. I was falling asleep at my desk at work. I was constantly feeling guilty about smoking. I was suffering from a hangover at least every Monday if not through Tuesday as well. My skin was starting to look lumpy puffy and older than I am. I had put on unflattering weight from all of the beer and lazy hangover food. I wasn't spending time with my family when I'd visit home (choosing to get drunk with my friends instead). I didn't want my new niece to see me when I was hungover or spaced out from drugs. I fiendishly planned nights out based around what I would drink smoke etc. There seemed to be no purpose or joy in anything that didn't involve getting drunk / high. Most of all I was depressed and anxious most of the time and had frequent feelings of pointlessness to life. I had previously run into suggestions online to quit drinking but I was the type of person to say "Yeah right. Its not like THAT's going to happen"...After making this change my depression and anxiety have 80% - 90% just dissolved. My skin reverse aged by at least five years. I'm sleeping 7 - 8 hours per night. I'm easily able to eat well and exercise regularly. It feels soooo good to be taking good care of myself finally. I'm still struggling a bit with the social aspects of it and exploring how its changing my interests but by and large the changes have been resoundingly positive. I'm excited about my future and to see where my newfound healthy vitality and positive outlook will take me...Am I maybe jumping the gun on celebrating here? Should I brace for the impact of this high on health and wellness feeling wearing off as the novelty wears off? Any advice appreciated. Thanks to everyone involved in this sub. Reading your stories over the holidays and exploring some the resources I found here are what made my decision to try this and I have absolutely no regrets about it. Happy to be not drinking with all of you this weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

Celebrating when you feel good is perfect!! Life does go on for me life does what life does. Sometimes you do the day sometimes the day does you. Overall as time goes by I think far less about drinking and more about doing life. Good things continue to happen you get back what you put out. (My philosophy works for me might not be for everyone!) The whole not drinking thing for me makes everything so much better even the crappy stuff. I navigate better. Congrats on 30 days I am so happy you are celebrating - you should be!!!
It may be that you are on the pink cloud phase which is very common around the 30ish day mark. Thank god for that period! Having said that i would recommend to read posts about it as there seems to be a higher probability of relapsing during the next phase where many people seem to feel old emotions coming back and it may be a bit of a roller coaster. I may be wrong and very happy (truly) with you. I am smiling in fact! Iwnwyt
The buzz can wear off but not if you fill the void left by drink and drugs with something more meaningful.  You say you have a niece- spend more time with her. Spend more time with your family...Take up a hobby apply yourself more at work or start studying something in the evenings...Take stock of how much better you are doing/feeling/looking and know that it is all down to being sober and applying yourself to more productive activities than partying and getting wasted.
I don't think that health and wellness feeling ever has to wear off   you just have to maintain it.  For me it's exercise eating sensibly and not drinking.
It keeps getting better. I've found that health is chronic and takes time. Whether getting sicker or getting better the effects are subtle. One day we look around and find either we can't climb a flight of stairs or we just climbed a tree to retrieve a toy for a child and are pleased it was no problem. 
I'm at a month today also. My story is precisely identical to yours. Every detail. I feel amazing as well. I believe that we have had this wonderful feeling buried underneath exhaustion brought on by alcohol. Now we have energy and can really blossom! Rock and roll! IWNDWYT
