-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wwvcd/140_days_sober_and_i_cant_believe_the_difference/

[140 Days ](http://imgur.com/44eqRt1)..Picture on the right was taken yesterday and I came across the picture on the left which was taken 7 months ago. I won't drink with you today. My greatest piece of wisdom is to replace your fears with action get up dress up and show up. Make commitments and attend to them even when you don't feel like it...I'm feeling better then I ever have...This way of life is so much more meaningful and worth it even if it took multiple hospital visits and a few dozen relapses to get here.
----------immediate responses--------

You look great! You are right! What a difference! IWDWYT!
Congrats!       
Congratulations!  Its great to see the benefits of not drinking come to fruition - - both mentally and physically!  Even though you are smiling in both you now look genuinely happy and glowing!  And that is great advice btw.  ..IWNDWYT!
You look amazing. Congratulations! 
girl you look GOOD! :) and 139 is an awesome number thank you for the motivation!.IWNDWYT!
You look great! Congrats 
You look great and congrats on 140 days. I will be there in a few months and I cannot wait to slim down but I do need to stop eating the Nutter Butters as I'm doing while I type this...Again congrats on your progress :)
Congratulations!
You look amazing! And you should feel so proud of yourself! You are becoming stronger everyday. I will not drink with you today!
Amazing! You look so much happier.
You look fantastic! 
You look beautiful &amp; truly happy!!!  Congrats!!  Thank you for sharing!!
Congrats!!!
Congratulations! I am only 71 days in and I am already seeing a considerable difference in my face. Crazy how bloated alcohol alone can get you. ..This post was uplifting. I will not drink with you today! 
Why can't I see your pictures?.
Love this! You look so great :) thank you for sharing. These are the types of changes I can't wait to see. 
You are an inspiration.  Thank you for posting this.
Wow you look wonderful!  Inspiring. Congratulations to you!  
You look great. Beautiful. Keep it up. Proud of anyone that can do what you did. It is not easy to say the least. Congrats.
Congratulations to your time sober and your health. Best of wishes and sober on!
You looked great anyway but now there's more wisdom in those eyes. You look sharper and smarter. Not to mention more bright and healthy. Congratulations on the 140 days! 
Congrats!
Congrats!
You look healthy enough to run a marathon. This way of life is definitely for you!
Looking good! Great job! Keep it up!
That's wonderful advice and I needed to hear it today. You look amazing!
You look awesome! I am now kinda jealous I don't really have any photos of myself from about 5 months ago to compare. ..Congratulations and keep it up!
Congratulations. This is the longest I have been sober since starting drinking. It is only a matter of time before I hit 140 too. I'm looking forward to it! Good work.
I think she looks fit in both pics
You look fantastic!  Congratulations.  Keep it up
You look amazing and 140 days is a huge accomplishment. I will not drink with you today. 
Isn't funny how alcohol makes our face wider and puffier. I saw a pic of Val Kilmer the other day when he was going through an alcoholic phase and that was striking. You still looked good on the left but the photo on the right is amazing. Well done...
Wow so cool. You look marvelous!  .IWNDWYT 
congratulations!  It is so helpful to have tangible evidence that this way is better! IWNDWYT
I'm a guy and I hope I see similar results - the bloating and weight gain have been killer.  Great job!  IWNDWYT!!
You look so healthy and happy! Congratulations!!
I love these. You look great!! It's so crazy how puffy alcohol makes your face. 
Congrats! You look great.
You look beautiful! Thanks for sharing!
you look great!
you're beautiful. I won't drink with you today.
Congrats! I see a genuine happiness in your new pic. IWNDWYT
[I can relate](https://imgur.com/a/9Jc28)..Congrats on not only looking awesome but feeling awesome. Keep doing it and you'll keep finding amazing things about life. 
Good for you yeah I feel so much better not drinking.  You look great congrats!!
Great job! As an introvert your "make commitments and attend even if you don't feel like it" really rung true with me. I dread social events which I guess is why I used to drink! Of course I always drank too much made an ass of myself and then started to have terrible anxiety about *that* thus leading to more dread of social events. Terrible cycle. Now I grump and groan about going to something but usually have a good time. If it's a drinking event I usually don't stay long because I don't like being around drunk people lol! Keep up the awesome work!!!
