-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wyp56/i_was_10_months_sober_and_i_relapse_in_january/

For a very long time I always have issues with alcohol. When I was younger I can handle it but when I got older I started to fall asleep when I drink. I am 34 years old. I started drinking on a daily at night about 5 years ago or so I really can't recall and on top of that I only like to drink on an empty stomach..Around 2016 or so I started to black out when I drink and I drop to a very low weight. Around 110 pounds or so I am 5'9. ..I decided to check myself into an inpatient program for two weeks on March 4th 2017 and it was the best thing I ever done..I was going to the gym getting my weight up to 140 still skinny I know but I want to go up in weight lean and not fat..I was able to stay sober until January 1st of this year. I decided to have a drink because I thought I can handle it. However I went on a 3-day drinking binge then sober for about a week and then another 3-day drinking binge. I just came off a 5-day drinking binge. I plan on staying sober and if all else fails I will check back into rehab again. I just feel so shitty because I completely forgot how alcohol makes feel the next day. Thank you for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Right with you. ..Similar fall back into it. Was on biz grabbed a bottle then another. ..Now months later I'm in the cycle. Tomorrow I'll do my best to skip the first drink which is the one to skip. ..Thanks for sharing 
Alcohol is the most insidious disease in the world... proud of you for fighting through though! In the words of Aaliyah: "dust yourself off and try again!"
Everybody falls sometime the strong get up and move forward. All the best wishes to you. 
congratulations on coming back so quickly. it's impressive     you know how to live sober you can do it again
Welcome back to sobriety! Glad you are here and don`t be too hard on yourself.
I was on a nice 3 month streak until the end of January when I said "fuck it. lemme get a little drunk" Got drunk 4 times in 10 days even got high a couple times.. Seems its better if I don't drink at all. When my mind is switched on I will take any opportunity to get drunk...Back to day 4 today. I've learned my lesson.
