-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wzdy7/i_dont_drink/

I was raised Mormon and quit when I was 18 but I didn't drink until I was 21. I was in college and people around me were drinking and I would say "I don't drink". Some "friends" would keep asking me and they eventually wore me down and convinced that not drinking wasn't a personal decision I made but foisted upon me by my toxic parents and my close-minded religion and I finally tried it. A year later I wound up in the emergency room from binge drinking and quit for a while. Since then I've been an on and off drinker and have struggled with binge drinking. I decided to quit a couple days ago and to practice saying no I said "I don't drink" a thousand times. I'm trying to bring back all the practice of not drinking that I did in college from when I was 18 to 21. This time I'm going to be careful what I say when people ask why I don't drink. My go to answers that I've come up with are "I quit" and if they ask why I quit "multiple reasons". Besides that I'm reminding myself that I need to keep the decision making part of my brain in shape and that getting rid of the question of when and how much to drink will free up a lot of willpower for other things. It's simpler to say no than it is to try to drink successfully. I'm going to remember that it actually was also a personal decision I had made not to drink and part of my moral framework. Finally I'm going to seek out resources to help me continue to not drink. I'm here now and I went to an AA meeting for the first time.
----------immediate responses--------

you sound wise and like you've thought about this very carefully ..i have a variety of things i say to people depending on how well i know them what the situation is and how willing i am to have a discussion about not drinking with any given group of people. I'm not close enough to most people to have the 'i don't drink' discussion. I've witnessed others being asked why they don't drink (i have 4 good friends who never drank at all) and the discussion usually gets pushed to the point where the non drinker is put on the spot for being weird. I've also witnessed people discussing why person x quit drinking and nearly everyone feels the need to say "and x didn't even drink that much. it's not like x had a *problem*". people seem to classify those who quit into 3 piles: weird people who never drank. admirable people who quit despite not having a problem. and scary recovering alcoholics. i am a coward and don't want to be publicly viewed as the latter. ..to skip the discussion i sometimes say one of the following..- i have to work later tonight (this works for me because I'm a night owl and sometimes it's actually true. this invites no further comments about drinking as the topic naturally shifts to work schedules)..- I'm taking a break as an experiment (dry january dry february etc. this is considered normal by everyone and people become curious about the effects. many people do such experiments even if they have never been problem drinkers)..- I'm training for a race have to go for a run early tomorrow am on a diet and don't have room in today's calories (I'm a girl so this doesn't raise any more eyebrows than skipping cake). 
It bothers me how we have to explain why we don't drink! ..I definitely resonate with your post and may try saying I don't drink over and over - I keep saying  I'm not drinking tonight' but t feels like a wimpy way out...I don't drink (why) because it's bad for me the same reason I don't do crack.
Man you are building some real wisdom! I have a nice surprise every day here at SD. Congratulations you got this (it took me 20 years)   
I could hug you!!! Very wise to get a good hold of this now friend.  As many of us can attest we wish we had done it sooner.  Standing our ground in our morals is so important     I wish you a healthy happy time ahead and I'm so happy to be able to be here not drinking with you 
I grew up in a teetotalling religion as well and struggle with this aspect of quitting. It took me years to convince my parents that having a few glasses of wine with a meal or enjoying beers while at an event was normal and healthy. In fact my mom finally became a wine enthusiast (with dad's support but he himself couldn't develop a taste for it after 5+ decades of never touching a drop). I haven't told them I quit because I felt like it was such a hard-won battle to convince them it was OK. ..I like what you say about it being a personal decision and not part of a moral framework. I'm putting that in my repertoire of comforting thoughts! Thanks for sharing good luck to you and I will not drink with you today. 
Glad you're here!..As /u/SteadfastUnicorn chimes in this is a common theme - "how do I explain not drinking"?..I found my best approach is to *Reject the Dynamic of Queries*...When I do that whatever I perceived as "the problem" evaporates...First I recognize and accept this premise:  "I am not compelled to answer any questions" especially those that are of a personal private and sensitive nature *Unless I am So Inclined*.  I am not compelled to answer questions even to people with police powers.  I own my silence and it is a protected right.  All I need do is exercise it..."Never explain yourself; your enemies won't believe you and your friends don't need it."..If someone asks me such a question....one that I'm not inclined to answer my first response is simply to deflect toward them:  ..Questioner: "Why aren't you drinking?"..Me:  "Tell my more about your curiosity.  Are you exploring your relationship with alcohol?"..That usually does it.  I get them to talk about THEIR drinking not mine or lack thereof...If they persist after the first question such as:..Q: "Well I want to know why YOU are not drinking."..Me:  "There are many mysteries in life.  This will be one you will experience.  What else shall we discuss?  How about that Super Bowl?"  (or whatever inane topic you select)...In the unlikely event that doesn't end it I simply say "We've exhausted this topic.  I'm going over there" (kitchen bathroom out of the house etc. etc.)...Whadda ya think?..
I think one of the most important strategies and staying sober is to have a strategy. You doing great. Keep up the good work.
I try to make it easier on myself and say something that I'm comfortable with. "I'm not drinking" is easier than anything else.
In mixed company. say in a bar or at a party I say I have terrible reflux and it's simply too painful to drink. This was in fact true at one time but is not the reason I quit. I use this lie because it does not threaten the asker in any way and trends too garner more of a reaction of sympathy. 
I have contemplated saying to nosy people that I got notice that I  drank my quota  and no longer need to keep up the act that it is cool. ..Right now I tell them that I don't drink because it makes me feel weird. That seems to leave off the pressure and when it doesn't it allows me to say  You really need me to drink with you so bad that you want me to feel like crap tomorrow? ..That is rare but jeez people let us not drink. 
Hi there fellow day two-er! I picked up a book yesterday that was recommended by this sub: This Naked Mind...I haven't been able to put it down. Stayed up till 2:30am last night just devouring chapter after chapter...The author's premise is that our conscious brain can say "I don't want to drink anymore" but our unconscious brain still believes a bunch of lies we've absorbed over our lifetime and that's where the real battle lies. The goal of the book is to reprogram your unconscious mind to override all the lies and replace them with the truth. And in the end to obliterate the desire to even drink...Just wanted to pass along the recommendation since you mentioned "keeping the decision making part of your brain in shape" and hopefully the book will give you some tools and strategies to also tame the dark iceberg lurking beneath your conscious thoughts...Onward to day 3 I will not drink with you today!
I think if you tell people "I don't drink because I'm Mormon" people don't respect that and feel like they can change your mind. You can say "I don't drink because it gives me a headache" or "I always feel sick and tired the next day" or "I'm over it" and see if they can answer to THAT. 
