-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7x2dq1/another_relapse/

That's right..yet another relapse..i am so sick and tired of this nonsense i'm not a stupid person (i think) so why do i think that this stuff makes me more fun when The harsh reality of it is it's driving people away no one wants to talk to me and when I'm sober i can 100% understand that but when drunk i don't understand..why won't people talk to me I'm fun..erm no I'm annoying stupid occasionally nasty and fly off the handle very easily. ..I'm always always depressed the day after getting drunk today i turned my phone off because i wanted to shut the world out and didn't want to speak to anyone. ..All i ever think about is where my next drink is coming from and i  find myself making sure I've got enough money for some booze for the rest of the week. Although i don't drink everyday or during the day i feel it's only a matter of time I'm worried for my health and my sanity..they are both taking a battering..only a matter of time before something gives way...Sorry for the long post i just need to vent thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I see a lot of myself in your words. ..Hang in there and IWNDWYT.
Congratulations on coming here after a relapse instead of just shutting it away. It shows to others and yourself that you take this seriously. ..Try to not be so hard on yourself. I found when I was criticizing myself the hardest was when I was most at risk to drink again even if those criticisms were about the drunk version of myself. Be kind to yourself and be gracious that you're taking the steps you need to. You're sensitive right now and every bad thing you say about yourself is going to hurt that much more. You're a good person drinking or not. ..Those feelings of eventuality when it comes to drinking go away. The further away from it you get the easier it is to see that. Pride yourself on the small accomplishments and eventually they'll turn into larger accomplishments. Everything worth doing in this life requires the first few steps to be taken. ..It's gonna be okay. I will not drink with you today.
I too see a lot of your feelings in myself.  But I can tell you one thing for sure some of those feelings were actually caused by my drinking.  And to squash the feelings I drank.  Vicious vicious cycle of nonsense really.  ..It's worth a shot it's worth trying to stop.  Give it a couple of weeks and see how you feel see how your body snaps back to what it once was.  IWNDWYT and good luck.
