-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7x39kt/badge_reset_again/

I am struggling y'all. I went a little over 2 months  and then messed up and have been drinking steadily again for the last month or so. I do not know what is going to motivate me because nothing I can think of is motivation enough. I have had what I consider to be several rock bottom (or close to it) moments but here I am still binging and getting wasted 3 nights a week. Last night I started drinking at 4 and didn't stop till fucking 11 o'clock on a night when I had to get up and be at work today. My question to y'all is what motivates you? What do you think about when you are dying to pick up that first drink? 
----------immediate responses--------

My life.  I saw patterns of really really unhealthy habits I don't want to live to hate myself.  I want to be proud of what I do and for my children to have a good example.  I don't want to be any one or anythings slave.  I was becoming a slave to the bottle.  Nope not for me.  Only I can control what I do.  That is what saves me.  IWNDWYT
Waking up without a hangover is my biggest short term motivator. 
When I want to drink I remind myself of where I was the last time I drank/got drunk. ..I was on my way home from AK alone had a few hours to kill at the airport. I went to get sushi and have  just one drink  and proceeded to down 4-5 pints of IPA in an hour sitting...I realized that I wasn't sure if I'd be sober enough to make my flight. ..I think that I was in an absurd out of control place. I remind myself that I cannot have alcohol ever. I'm powerless over alcohol and cannot guarantee I won't get shit faced...It's tough when I get a craving but my support network and loved ones keep me accountable. ..IWNDWYT 
My kiddos. My declining health.  Try to Play The Tape Forward when you get the urge. Think of what you'll go through and how you'll feel the next day. Also think how good you felt during those previous 2months. Perhaps journaling would be helpful to get it all down in writing to look over later. 
