-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7x4mq3/100_days/

I thought I would look at the number by my name today and think "ok just another number" like all of the days before.  And though it is just one more number since I started here this one feels particularly good.  .For some reason the 60s were a bit of a rocky time but I feel a momentum after hitting my 90 days..It feels great.  I have so much gratitude for everything.  For you all for the greater sober community here and otherwise for those who know some of us are fighting a silent battle.  .I wasn't always sure in those mid-days if this lifestyle was worth it.  After all I was probably not what one could consider a terribly heavy drinker.  I drank once or twice a month and at the end maybe a time or two more than that.  .But I knew deep down that I had a problem with my intake once I began.  I was so bold in knowing that that the few times I drank a month I planned and plotted binges so that no one would be around and I could get wasted "in peace" (as I thought)..Let me tell you something y'all.  I'm hella more at peace in this time of my life than I have been in quite some time.  And again I wouldn't call my life before sobriety crazy.  Me thinking that drinking in secret was helping me in some way (with writing/thinking/not thinking/moving/not moving/dreams hidden/dreams apparent)--that was crazy.  .My life didn't suddenly come together with sobriety and I have a lifetime ahead of me.  I'd note that I didn't lose but rather gained weight after becoming sober.  I had ups and downs.  My internal struggles did not suddenly vanish..But trusting the process has brought me much further in my goals of good health trusting and loving relationships and overall better well-being than my days even drinking sporadically.  .Thanks for listening as always all.  Again I am so grateful to all of  you.
----------immediate responses--------

Huzzah hinuk!    
Congratulations!!!!..The 60-90s were really rough for me too!..I like to think of all the positive passive gains.  money no headaches no missed memories no apologizing for outrageous behavior etc.
Well done!!
CONGRATS!!!!    
