-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7x6ith/struggling_with_anxiety_and_sleep_after_a/

Hello all..I had a recent relapse and it's kicking my ass...My anxiety has been super high which makes it hard not to drink more...At night I get the sweats and nightmares that are vivid enough to scare me.  ..I know these things will get better the longer I don't drink but when they're happening it makes it hard to not...Any suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

i tried to use anxiety and sleeplessness as a way to get angry at alcohol and notice just how much it was able to affect my body. it was messing with me even days after it was gone - wtf?
They'll pass my friend. ..I've had a few relapses and each one is worse than before. The one I am recovering from now is still going on with the lack of sleep and high anxiety but I know they'll pass. ..Unfortunately all I do is just wait it out. This past relapse is hurting me much more than any other but I have the power to prevent another one from happening. Besides if I have another one I know it'll be worse than this one. Do I really want that?
Those all sound like symptoms of withdrawal. Being on day 6 they should be gone by now. Hang in there it will pass.
Yup - - I had terrible anxiety the sweats and vivid nightmares really bad this past time.  Went to the nearby urgent care and they gave me Ativan.  I popped 2 of em (1mg each) at night and it was WAY better.  Still had the sweats really bad but the nightmares got better (not as vivid) and the anxiety went away.  ..The Ativan really set me at ease...IWNDWYT!
Classic withdrawal..It takes a few days. By a week I was pretty much done with them...If they're really too bad and you feel like you may relapse go to your doctor or ER and just explain what you're trying to do what you're experiencing and you don't want to relapse. It won't be anything they haven't heard or seen before...They might give you a few nights worth of Ativan or another benzo to help get through the worst of it. It's helped me in the past.
My kids have a trampoline I jumped on it until I thought I was dying; it seemed to lessen my anxiety. Also Someone in this group recommended binaural beats; I tried it for the first time last night (along with 1/2 an otc sleep aide) and no nightmares...it helped me quiet my thoughts a bit as well. 
