-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xb6n4/how_do_i_do_this/

I have been back and fourth with my addiction struggle over the last few years more so then anything after my mother passed away from a cancer known to be caused by drinking. I really want to do this - I don't want to be a slave to the liquid. I have been going 4-5 days without it and then going on a 3 day bender for months now. Even when I am not drinking I still feel hungover - the recovery time is just a cycle. The longest I have gone in the past 10 years is 2 weeks - I want that 30 days so bad! I will keep trying keep busy and push forward. I just want to break the cycle. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just one day at a time.  I took time to read and stay accountable here.  For me this seems to be working.  It is tough though.  Meetings are a big help to a lot of people I guess it depends on you but from what I have read give it a few meetings before you decide that you don't want to stay.  Also a lot of people find help from their medical doctor and going to detox or rehab.  I think that for me the "stigma" is gone and I know for my own health I must keep working hard.  This is not just about me this is about my life which includes all of my loved ones.  I will not drink with  you today!  
[removed]
Have you read books?  Have you tried meetings?  Looked at other methods?  I see so much here.  This Naked Mind Podcast explores so many methods.  I listened to one about the Sinclair Method the other day and I was impressed.  The question is not whether you can succeed it is what is the method?  Let's find it for you.  You can do it.
I did it just like you described.&gt;I will keep trying keep busy and push forward..Keep going!
When I saw that I desperately wanted to quit I decided I should be willing to give anything that had helped others stop an honest try before deciding it wasn't for me. That took me to a therapist and regular attendance at AA meetings. As soon as I started that everything changed for me. You don't have to do this on your own. Have you considered attending some kind of meeting?
