-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xb8k4/am_i_an_alcoholic/

I struggle a lot with the term "alcoholic". I'm 23 and I like to drink a lot. Alcoholism runs in my genes. My mom her mom and my dad are all alcoholics so I obviously run the risk of becoming addicted. I've watched them live in poverty because they need to budget in an 18 pack every other night. I've watched them ruin all they're relationships because they say or do stupid things while they're drunk. They get wasted every night and even more shitfaced every weekend. I've never got that bad...I tell myself "You don't drink as much as them. You've gone days or weeks without drinking and been fine." But also "You've drank every day for weeks spent money you were saving for food to buy alcohol and drank way more than you meant to when you go out with friends." So do I classify myself as an alcoholic?..I stopped drinking as a sort of new years resolution and I've stuck to it so far. It wasn't hard so that's not really a sign of alcoholism right?..I wouldn't day drink. I wouldn't drink and drive. I was never embarrassingly drunk in public. I lost my taste for liquor so I rarely ever drank the hard stuff. But I did have problems controlling my urges even when I'd tell myself I need to go a couple days without drinking so I didn't run out of money before payday. Or I would try to ration myself 3 beers a day but I would drink the whole case against my better judgment. I would wake up (mildly) hungover every day even though I hated feeling that way. But when I decided to quit I just did. ..No one told me I had a problem. I was never the "drunk friend". I just liked to drink and i did get carried away sometimes. Am I really as bad as I think i am? ..So here's where my problem is. I have a friend coming over this weekend that i haven't seen in months. Normally we would buy a 12 pack and hang out play games whatever. I don't want to tell him that he can't drink at my house because I decided to quit. I haven't drank in over a month. I don't think a few beers is going to ruin me. Am I lying to myself?  Would a few beers be that bad? I'm torn between "You're not an alcoholic yet. You CAN control yourself. Just relax for a night." and "This might start another month of wanting to drink every night." I could use any advice I could get...Tl;Dr:  Alcoholism runs in my family. I never got to the "alcoholic" stage but decided to quit for a year to show myself I could. Its been over a month and I think I could handle a couple beers with a friend. Would one night really completely ruin me or am I over thinking this?
----------immediate responses--------

I can't say whether you are "an alcoholic" or whether "one night of drinking will ruin you". Only you can answer these questions. ..I can many others have trouble with the word "alcoholic" itself. In the case of those of us who have no problem saying it it is always a self diagnosis in any case. There is extremely strong evidence that there is a genetic component so two parents with alcohol problems should certainly concern you...Heres my thoughts take them for what they are worth. There will ALWAYS be a "good reason" or "special occasion" to drink around every corner. Birthdays holidays friend from out of town super blue blood moon eclipse a sunny sunday.  You decided to quit for the last several weeks for good reasons. What has changed since then? Why will you be able to drink differently next month? How will drinking "just this once" improve your life?
We don't need the term "alcoholic"--it's not very well-defined and it's not an official term or anything. To me it seems like you definitely have The Problem or whatever you want to call it when you have a bit of a hostage situation relationship with alcohol (with you being the hostage with Stockholm Syndrome). ..My impression is that you caught this before it got super scary-bad and that's pretty rare and worth protecting because having even a few will reinforce the old mental pathways yes. Keep reading and hanging out here--I think you'll see a lot of stories that resonate and help clarify what you want to do. I won't drink with you today. :-)
If your friend gets upset at you for being honest about your attempt to stop drinking then what kind of friend are they? The fact that you're here even asking this question shows me that you know the true answer in your heart. I knew the where the cycle of drinking lead me to hangovers to bargaining with myself to breaking those promises and feeling like shit but I didn't know where the path of sobriety lead. I knew I had to do something different if I wanted my life to change. No one ever wakes up and thinks wow I wish I would have drank last night! There are so many other healthy outlets you can use to relax for a night. I'd recommend meditation.   I sincerely hope you try something different internet stranger! You have your whole life ahead of you to be questioning your use now at a young age is worth it's weigh in gold but it's what you do about it now that will make all the difference in your future. Good luck! We are all here and rooting for you. 
In my experience as someone who may also have "caught things" in the pre-alcholic stage drinking one time has not ruined all of the gifts of sobriety but I drank in moderation on the 3 times in the past 6 months that I've tried controlled drinking and each time I got right back on the wagon.  For reasons that are not clear to me after the 2nd of the 3 times that I experimented with this approach I felt like drinking for days after the experiment whereas the first and third time I didn't feel like doing it in subsequent days.  ..Like everyone says this approach is a gamble.  I'm going off of nothing but a guess a hunch that if I will not drink more often than about once a month and I do so in moderation that I'll be okay.  For me this has meant turning down opportunities to drink and never buying my formerly beloved beer to drink at home.  My birthday Christmas New Years and the Super Bowl have all been tempting times to drink but I haven't done it.  The difference for me this time is that I am actively avoiding alcohol I've basically only drank when the situation called for it and everyone around me was drinking in a business / work setting.  In my mind anyway I'm not turning to alcohol in any way.  Personally I prefer to try this approach before I embrace AA and complete abstinence.  I have no reason to drink today so I will not drink with you today.
I'm 38. I relate to this a lot...family history as well.  I've thought about  the problem  for well over a decade. I can tell you it is a slippery slope. The bullshit behavior I've rationalized lately and hid from my family would have made my 23 yr old self punch me right in the fucking face. All drinkers tend to drink more  it less over time. Stay vigilant.
Grappling with the label of "alcoholic" was a big stumbling block to me quitting. There's no single definition and everyone seems to have their own conception of what makes an alcoholic. I personally do not identify as one. However I am a habitual binge drinker who can't moderate after a certain number of drinks plus I can be a very combative and unpleasant drunk. When I was drinking alcohol very demonstrably had a negative impact on my life my relationships my mental health my self-esteem etc. But I kept slipping up during my first few attempts at quitting because I would think "but I'm not alcoholic so surely I can drink." ..So I do not identify as an alcoholic but have arrived at the conclusion that it doesn't matter   alcohol was wrecking my life and that's enough of a reason to quit. And that's just me. You don't need a reason to quit beyond "I don't want to drink" frankly. A lot of folks choose to abstain because of family history or quit out of an abundance of caution when they get anxious about their habits and that's perfectly legitimate! ..I honestly can't tell you if you should identify as an alcoholic or if you should have a few beers with a friend. Only you can decide that for yourself! My only advice would be to not sweat labels too much and try and do what's best for you. And if you don't have that totally figured out right now that's ok too! Take care of yourself!
