-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xbbvc/i_feel_like_im_going_to_relapse_when_i_get_home/

Trying to hold on but it's hard.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have alcohol at home?  If not making it home without stopping for alcohol is the goal.  If you do the goal could be "pour out alcohol as soon as I get home".  This limits the temptation.  I know you can make it through today.  Don't worry about tomorrow.   Let's just get through the next few hours sober together.
#DO IT 
You can do this. One hour at a time 
Hold on with me. Let's not hate ourselves tomorrow. 
Check in with us we're rooting for you and are here for you! I'm having a rough day as well. We can get through it together without our demons. Love and light to you  
Hold on!!!  Think this through... you have a choice in the matter and if I were you I'd play the tape all the way through...Meaning... how will you feel tomorrow if you do/do not drink tonight? Feel the shame and disappointment vs. the joy and pride.....Best of luck. You can do this!!
We're all here for you don't you forget it! Let's do some nerding when you get home. I might even call myself a nerdLing like you :3
You can do this. Think of the shame you will feel tomorrow. All those texts and calls you'll make the pounding headache the shame and embarrassment. You'll also have to ask to have your badge reset. It's not a fun outlook. Iwndwyt. Hang tough. You got this.
Hey hang in there! We all have those day in my experience I meditate on my 15 minute breaks. Using guided meditations it's really helpful! The phone app is called Insight Timer! Hope this helps!
Think about the thousands of people here. We all have problems and are here for support. You can do this. I don't know why you hate yourself but don't! You are a human being extremely capable of change. You are worth it. Because there is at least one person in this world (me) wanting to be there with you to tell you all about my fckng problems and listen to yours. If you had to you have the power to change your life completely like moving to a different country. Remind yourself of your immense power and still choose to plow through your problems with the support of this community. One more day sober one more day to wake up with pride strength and continued determination. 
