-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xjg4y/i_feel_like_i_am_dating_aa_and_am_really/

My girlfriend and I both decided to stop drinking I had been trying for a long time though not very hard. We both decided we needed to make it an absolute priority though and I have been doing very well this time. I am not in AA like a lot of others I have issues with it. I feel it can be a cult if you let it I think telling people they have to do it that way or they are wrong is well wrong. She is in AA though and working the steps and has a sponsor and all that which is great I am really happy she is working through her issues and the reasons she drank and is finding her true self again. But lately I feel like I'm just dating AA she is starting to say some of the things they repeat over and over she is suddenly saying it was either stop go crazy or die which I'm pretty sure is something AA tries to convince people of (that may be true for some people but I absolutely don't think she was at the point not stop NOW or those will happen). She told me she has a hard time listening to anything I may say as a piece of advice because I'm not in "The Program" (cult like?) Which really upset me why the hell does that matter? I still understand and am going through the struggles of  trying to not drink and dealing with my issues and finding myself. I truly am happy she is getting better and I don't think AA has to be bad but I think it can be if you let it become who you are and I'm worried she's letting it. I feel like I can't say anything though because this is the way she has chosen to get sober which I know needs to be a priority in her life. I feel like it would be the same as if I tried to talk someone out of their religion which is wrong even though it's ok for them to try to talk me into it. Sorry if this is all just no sense rambling I'm just really frustrated and not sure what to do. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like it's not a fair assessment if you haven't even gone to a single AA meeting with her. You are just assuming where she's coming from assuming what she is learning and assuming it's not helpful to you at all. It seems pretty obvious if you and your gf are trying to stop drinking and she's in AA but you're not that you would at least see what the program is all about by going to a single meeting? For context I've never been to AA so I'm not sure about the cult mentality. Just from this post it seems like you've built yourself up to be better then her because you don't  need  it. 
I hate the dogmatic AA meetings. Some aren't like that but some definitely are. Personally AA was not a good match for me but it can help a lot of people...If I were in your position I would try to share some of what you said in this post to her. Avoid accusations such as  cult like  when you speak to her but maybe just share that you are also living a sober life and that you'd hope that she would be supportive even if your method is not the same as hers. And vice versa you can be supportive of her method even though it differs from yours. 
[removed]
Whatever else I feel that her saying that she can't take any advice from you seriously because you're not in the program... is at the least very hurtful or would be to me. I think I can understand how you feel. I do go to AA meetings but I have a lot of issues with the "steps" so I don't do them. I go there for the fellowship not the steps. I don't have any advice or anything but just wanted to say I understand how you feel.
Getting sober is personal. That is everyone needs to do it their own way. The way that works for them. 
I go to AA twice a week I enjoy it for the most part because the group I'm in doesn't really push the steps or a religous agenda on you. You can always try and find a group more suited to what you like..
Damn that sucks. Granting people the dignity of their own path seems like pretty basic wisdom. Maybe she needs to be narrow in this way right now and will evolve over time to a more humble fearless place where there are many ways to heal and we never know what is best for someone else and we don't need to be sure of everything even though it's uncomfortable to not know all the answers...For now you are demonstrating the wisdom by granting *her* the dignity of her path even when it involves some unfortunate judgment and invalidation of you at the moment...If she doesn't evolve out of finding your path fundamentally illegitimate though that could be a real issue. :-(
I have to take a breath.  I pause.  I notice what's going on for me...I notice if  I like what's happening  or I  don't like what's happening. ..If I  don't like it  that's an opportunity for me...If it's MY behavior and I don't like it I change me...If it's someone else's behavior I have 3 options- (1) accept it fully embrace it (in effect start to like it changing *Me*); or (2) tolerate it (I am OK with this right now today) in effect changing *me*; or (3)Remove Myself from it in effect changing *me* where I happen to be...In all 4 scenarios the Change I make is in ME.  I don't change the other person...Let's assume that her  getting sober  is a life altering process.  She has to do it HER way.  I can support that or not.  It's up to me...I could say  your approach is different than how I would do itand I support you as you do it *even though it's not the way I want it* ...Or I could say  your approach is different than how I would do it and I reject it I don't like it I won't tolerate it so I'm outta here. ..I'd have to look in my heart and discover what I hope for her...for me...Doesn't look like this is about AA...Whadda ya think?
Unfortunately a lot of AA groups can be that way. I've gone to good and bad meetings and I only go to the meetings that focus on people being sober rather than pound the principles into ones head and make it seem like AA is this almighty solution...For her to discredit your opinions and advice is unfortunate. I think a lot of people in recovery feel weak (I know I did) and something grounding like AA can give them a sense of safety and relief. I've seen a lot of people behave the way your girlfriend is and I think it's unhealthy. While I wholeheartedly think that working through the AA program is a good way to find structure in recovery I think it can isolate some peoples opinions toward recovery. A lot of their speech can seem condescending towards people not in the program. At the end of the day it's just a program to help people recover. Unfortunately it's principles are up to interpretation and people are impressionable so it's going to get construed however they perceive it.  ..I think the best thing you can do is talk. Let her know how you feel. .
I sympathize because I had the exact same reaction to AA   it was absolutely not for me. Groups of that sort   with the rules and slogans and "steps" etc.   make me very uncomfortable be they fraternities or churches or cults or clubs. ..But everyone is different and for a lot of people all of that is comforting. People join groups so they can feel they are a part of something and to provide structure to their lives. This is largely in my opinion why people are drawn to religion. It's very human. ..Your girlfriend is clearly clinging to the group and the rules and all that goes with it because she feels she needs that to quit drinking. She craves the structure. That's fine. But she should recognize there is no one right way to quit drinking. That's part of what I found off-putting about AA   it seemed to be a "one size fits all" prescription to a very complex varied and ultimately individual problem. ..I would talk to her about your feelings but would extend the same compassion and understanding that you would like her to extend to you. I would avoid attacking her path (avoid language such as "cult like" as others have advised) and just gently but firmly make clear to her that her path is not yours and that that's ok. 
I had the same experience with a boyfriend. It was like he'd joined a cult. I'd been to a few meetings and it wasn't for me. I quit by reading so much material over time plus counseling plus "This Naked Mind." Anyway the ex-beau he was like a parrot repeating line by line in the book plus the language they all use. I did feel it was a cult. We didn't last as a couple because like you wrote above he was adamant AA was the only way.  There was a program on Feb 9 On the Media WYNC (NPR) that includes a segment: "a look at how popular culture has incorrectly framed Alcoholics Anonymous as the best and only option for addiction recovery." I don't think we're supposed to put links in our posts here so you search for that if you want. 
I'm not a fan of AA either..That said she's probably still riding the pink cloud and is just ecstatic that there is something that works for her. If it is working of course she is going to be talking about it nonstop...Just give it some time
Yeah I used to have a friend in AA I eventually just had to stop talking to him because all he would ever talk about was AA and how horrible his life was when he was drinking and all that. He was always bugging people to go to AA and read the big book even if they didn't have a drinking problem. He became a really boring and judgmental person from my perspective and I just couldn't sustain a friendship with him any longer. It doesn't happen to everyone but it seems that some people become addicted to AA and other things related to sobriety after quitting drinking. Even though is a lot physically healthier mentally I still think they're trying to distract themselves from deeper issues. You might encourage her to try new hobbies and activities with you to expand her horizons or if you can afford it might even be helpful for you guys to go to therapy to discuss your issues with drinking with a real counselor who will see things as less black and white.
So here's the thing ... both you and your GF are grown up individuals with your own unique responses to the world. She's responding to her environment by keying into the advice she's getting. Similarly you're responding to her as a part of your environment based on your own experience...You're both headed towards the same goals just on different paths... and that's okay. The thing is you're doing it together anyway as you're a couple and decided to get sober together...I've been your GF before. I have been told by non-AAs that I got a little overly chatty about the AA-isms. Similarly I've been you before in that I've been close to people who are radiating their own dogmas that I don't necessarily want to hear. The solution to both is clear and open communication...Your GF is talking about stuff you don't want to hear? Let her know. If she's pushing program on you let her know. I've had to both receive that information and tell it to others as well. It's important to say things from a "how I feel" phrasing rather than a "what you did" style. (e.g. "I feel upset when I get another AA-ism statement")..OK all that said ... why does it matter? Why does it upset you to hear it all? 
Try SMART recovery 
What do you mean by "cult"? Here are the two definitions I found:.1) a relatively small group of people having religious beliefs or practices regarded by others as strange or sinister and .2) a misplaced or excessive admiration for a particular person or thing. ..Which of these do you think applies to AA? 1 or 2?..I was pretty close to death when I finally got to AA - maybe not physically but spiritually and I'm pretty sure the physical was soon to follow. So yes it did save my life and I now have health a girlfriend and a relationship with my kids (and even my ex-wife). I don't think my admiration for AA is excessive or misplaced considering I spent 13 years trying to stop drinking by myself but when I finally stopped fighting the program ("like a lot of others I have issues with it") and just *tried it* without putting in a lot of mental reservations and objections it worked perfectly. So I don't think either definition 1) or 2) applies. ..Now each AA group is different because each one is an integration of the personalities of the people there. I went to a bunch of AA groups where I was bored or intimidated or out of place. But I kept going until I found a group where I felt at home. ..I had a problem 18 years ago with the "God" thing. However that was my own fault since I *did not read* the program. It says quite clearly in the Step 2 chapter that you don't have to believe in a Christian Jewish or Muslim god.. you don't have to believe in *any* God. You can use your group as your "higher power" and that's what I eventually did. So in turn I would ask you: what *specifically* are your "issues" with AA? Are they really the program's or are they issues that you have created because of a lack of education on what AA is and how it works?  ..I'm not trying to attack you - in 2000 I'd have probably written something similar. But when I finally stopped *fighting* the program *admitted* I was an alcoholic and started working the steps the light came on and it has never gone off. ..Good luck. I won't drink with you today and I'm happy to continue this conversation with you. 
I mean I'm in AA. But I think your objections are valid. But it sounds more like the person you started dating is changing and youre not sure if youre still a fit. ..That said I think why AA works is that there are systems in place to integrate you into the program get new friends stay accountable to other people in the program. And some of that is sloganism and circular logic. ..The "stop go crazy or die" part is a throw back to the book being written decades ago when the only people who identified as alcoholics were "low bottom" as they say. Things have definitely changed since then
&lt;it was either stop go crazy or die  ..maybe not immediately - but too soon - and trouble is we may not see the last exit to recovery until we are past it.  I've seen that happen too many times... so there is real truth there - universal for those of us who are here...As for her recovery - it is hers - not yours.... and BTW AA is like you say what you make of it - and that can change as needs shift. if she needs regimentation and some rigidity - so be it.  
AA to me has always seemed like a cult. And many people I know also do not seem healthy because they live and breathe this one dogma. I am happy it works for some people but according to This Naked Mind the success rate percentage-wise is actually quite low. ..I don't know what to tell you either. Both of you should be able to have your own paths to recovery without judgement. So ideally you should be able to discuss. ..There are so many reasons why one program wouldn't fit an individual. ..Maybe for the time being just focus on your own recovery and be grateful that she is also staying sober. ..Wish you the best!
You didn't mention how long she's sober or attending AA...It took awhile for my life to open up to other things outside of AA -- hobbies "normie" friends other activities maybe dialing it down to 2-3 meetings a week instead of 1-2 a day...One of my trudging buddies (RIP paw) used to share about how his wife finally had to say "Look we lost you to the drugs and now we've lost you to that damn program" and he had to figure out how to balance his recovery with his family so he could hang on to both...You don't have to be a stepper if you're not may I just explain one thing about "Step 1" ? The second part of that sentence is about our lives becoming "unmanageable." Unmanageable means I don't know how to live/function let alone masterfully balance my work/life friendship/relationship/recovery mix. When I was new I could barely get groceries drag myself to work put on clean clothes or just function. Let alone be everything to everyone. I forgot how to be a friend..etc. That got better over time. I don't know how much time is reasonable. First year just hang in there and see what life really looks like afterwards...I broke up with my ex -- we both went into the program and got clean around the same time -- mostly because he snapped and acted out and turned into a real jerk and I couldnt deal with him. I didnt know then what I know now I wasn't patient I peaced. Maybe I'd look at it differently if I understood the process better. Oh well.
I have seen people engulf themselves so much in "The Program" that it has ruined relationships caused divorces etc. I am not knocking it hell however people get sober is their business. The constant meetings long faces sob stories did not work for me hell I don't know if what I am doing is working now but I just know AA honestly made me WANT to drink I know that sounds strange but it's the honest truth. I found that occupying my time with healthy hobbies and work is the most important therapy I get. Take care good luck. Sober on.
AA here. I'm sorry to hear about your frustration. AA can be somewhat dogmatic and some people in it can be more than others although even if you go from a "AA approved" literature point of view nowhere does it tell us to be that way. It tells us to trust God (and they allow plenty of abstraction as to what God is) to clean house (that is to try to be honest about addressing our own inner problems) and to help others get sober. ..Personally I don't ever tell anybody what to do inside AA or otherwise. I talk about MY experience with alcohol and how I got sober. It's the only thing I am an expert on. Outside AA I don't talk about the program much. My wife isn't an alcoholic and so the things I learned inside seem like common sense to her. For me they were ways to see the world that alcohol blinded me to. Having said that she is understanding and grateful for my sobriety and has been very kind to let me attend regular meetings...Not sure if this helps your particular dilemma but it is my experience and again I can speak reliably on that and that alone. I'm about five months sober today and I couldn't imagine going a single day without alcohol before getting in the program. 
I flunked out of AA. I feel for you!
AA isn't for me but look you're both sober how cool is that. Focus on finding sober activities that you can do together and just have fun. At the end of the day it doesn't matter how you get sober it just matters that you get sober. The alternative is you trying to get sober while she still drinks and calls you boring. To be honest it wouldn't be a big thing for me that she uses AA and I didn't. It's the end result that counts the way you gett there doesn't really matter. Chin up!
As others have mentioned I would openly tell her that you feel like your different paths to sobriety may drive a wedge between you and you want to work on maintaining a mutual respect for the others feelings.  If that works I think you will be fine.  If she reacts by more directly telling you that you are wrong and if you are not in AA your thoughts/feelings don't count well then you have a deeper issue.  I get everything else everyone is saying but in my opinion is it never ok to stop respecting and start dismissing your partners feelings and thoughts even if you don't agree with them.  Respectfully agreeing to disagree is ok.  "I discount you" isn't.  IMO
Everyone who has commented has given really great advice and insight. Ill just add one analogy: My wife can only learn something new by reading it and I learn better by hearing/practicing it. Neither one is wrong just right for us. I think this may be an oversimplified example but maybe it is that simple. Just hang in there together and wait and see. Do what you can to help each other. Best Wishes. IWNDWYT!!!!
For me one of the hardest parts about not drinking  was the vacuum of alcohol's absence.   My entire life revolved around alcohol.   It's a huge adjustment not just mentally and physically but socially as well.  People get the mentality of I'm never drinking again  and they get over the withdrawals. ..  but then what?  ..Even with aa the recovery data for alcoholics is abysmal.   Without aa or some other recovery group recovery is damn near impossible.   Good luck.
If you want to get a little bit more perspective about how to deal with this situation there's actually entire chapter in the AA book called [To Wives](http://anonpress.org/bb/Page_104.htm)..That might help you see things from her perspective and perhaps join in on the fun!  
People often make the mistake of thinking AA is like "this". In reality meetings vary all over the place. I've been sober 18 years and have been to thousands of meetings in dozens of  cities and countries. Each one is different. Some are full of "bleeding deacons" where it's my way or the high way. I don't go back to those. ..At others I have made lifelong friends who I would trust with my life. Let the strange language and slogans wash over you open up and get to know the people...BTW i and many of my friends are agnostic.
I went to aa for years and could never stay sober longer than 3 months bc I hated AA so much I just wanted to say fuck it. I have been sober for almost a year now and haven't gone to any meetings. I much prefer it and it's nice not to constantly be reminded of alcohol or depressing memories/stories. Bla bla. 
Yes it's liberating to lose the obsessions. When can I drink? How much can I restrict myself to? Will I be ok tomorrow? Etc
