-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xm8ni/paralysing_guilt/

Something that has kept me in a cycle of relapse I feel is guilt about things I've done while under the influence. I've done incredibly shameful things that I feel I'll never be able to let go of or move on from. I hate myself because of them. And the thought of living a sober life with these feelings of guilt seems horrible to me. I'm not a religious person but I think I understand why a lot of alcoholics move towards religion. As a way to deal with the guilt and to have someone to forgive them. Even if the self-hatred subsides I feel like any life I build will always be in danger of being destroyed if the people I'm close to figure out what a bastard I was.  .How do you deal with these feelings?
----------immediate responses--------

I like to meditate I am just starting out but it dose relax the mind to a point all that self loathing is washed away from your thoughts.. 
The past is the past. Eventually you have to move on or it could cause you to relapse.
I like to think of the stupid things I did while drunk which are way too many to count as a deterrent to me drinking again. I am so embarrassed by so many things and I don't want  to add to that list. I don't hate myself for those things I hate alcohol for causing me to do those things. I know who I am sober and I am proud of that person. Try to just move forward in your sobriety and be proud of yourself and your sober future.
I'm in your same position. I'm absolutely wrecked with guilt from one particularly horrible thing I did which would destroy my marriage if ever found out. It's made it impossible to live for today as I'm constantly scared of being caught of feeling horrible about myself for what I did. ..I've never been religious but actually considering it at the moment to try find some peace. As at the moment I spend all day feeling like I'm in a panic attack over guilt. 
Your post really resonates with me.  About 5-6 years ago I started down the sober path taking baby steps in the beginning trying to reverse years of developed patterns of blackout binge drinking.  I too have done far to many shameful things while heavily under the influence and what really messes me up personally is I'm a pretty moral standup kind of guy when I'm sober but the guilt and embarrassment from some of my drunken stupidity really felt like a gigantic weight around my shoulders when I first stopped drinking.  There were 3 things that really worked for me to help forgive myself and move forward (  I won't claim I'm cured but definitely more content with myself and more loving towards my own personal faults of which like many addics there are a few):..1.  Daily meditation.  I used a book called Eight Mindful Steps to Happiness which is downright amazing..2.  Working through John Bradshaws book called Healing the Shame That Binds You..3.  Lastly working through John Bradshaws book called Homecoming...We are our own worst critics.  It's amazing that we should love ourselves and be kind to ourselves but some of the things I've told myself in my head I wouldn't even say to my worst enemy.  I found it's really important to find a way to be mindful of that evil voice inside telling you how horrible you are and find a way to turn it into a softer kinder voice if that makes any sense.
Here's the thing...how will drinking over feelings of shame and then potentially (or likely) acting in a way to cause MORE shame help? In the short or long term not at all right? ..My mentality had to be first and foremost total acceptance of the fact that drinking is not a good way to deal with ANYTHING literally. ..After that with the help of some therapy and involvement with Refuge Recovery (which focuses on mindfulness and there is a specific forgiveness meditation we use frequently) I started to heal from that awful shame and guilt. Countering negative self-talk is an ongoing part of my recovery. I wish you all the best!
I like the other replies a lot. I am working to taking a meditative approach to it when those thoughts pop up (the ones that almost paralyze you for a moment) about things that I really regret doing. I thank my mind for the thought and reminding me what I do not want to go back to. I find trying to fight it does no good and usually takes me down the rabbit hole again mentally. I also found that when I was sober that alcohol only temporarily helped me deal with the thoughts and when not buzzed they were worse because of the alcohol. .Also everybody is a bastard. The fact that we are aware of it and working on it is something our future selves and others will thank us for. .I will not drink with you today!
This post resonates with me as well.  Every day is brutal.  I torture myself with thoughts of the past.   I worry about what happened how it will haunt me and I even create bizarre scenarios that didn't happen but I convince myself they could have happened while in blackout.    I'm on day 25 without a drink and it's hard but I will say it's getting better.   Hang in there.
One thing old drinkers don't tell the young ones about is all the terrible things you will eventually do as a binge drinker... I remember being in high school and proudly saying I was giving up weed for booze. An older coworker asked me  why on earth would you do that?  It took me until I was in my 30's to appreciate what she meant. ..Regrets go with the territory of being a binge drinker or alcoholic. All we can do is remember that the wasted person is not us. Our brain chemistry changes so profoundly we are quite literally a different person. That and do our utmost to not revert back into the life. ..I know it's hard but work on trying to forgive yourself. But also pay it forward by doing kind things for others. I've found that our self perception can be like a scale: good deeds on one end and bad on the other. Just have to add enough good deeds to the side that counts and you will start viewing yourself as a better person. Because you will be at that point. ..Wish you the best.
I've read a couple of comments in this sub that mention HALT (hungry; angry; lonely; tired) as urge triggers--I'm finding that those are also times when I'm most vulnerable to self-downing thoughts. Catching them and trying to work thru them as they arise has been helpful for me. I spend a lot of time focusing on my breathing throughout the day in addition to morning meditation. I did some awful things too which is what prompted me to quit drinking. I can't take them back. I can only try to do better. If those awful things help keep me from doing even worse things then they serve a positive purpose. That's how I see it anyway.
I think most of us have done things we would rather forget while drunk. I still cringe when I think about the awful things I said and did last July. That incident was finally a wake up call for me. In many ways I am also grateful that this incident happened because it woke me up from the alcohol trance that I had been in for years. It made me see the truth of my addiction and was the catalyst for going to outpatient rehab. 
There's an app called Insight Timer which has various guided meditations and it has a shame releasing one that I personally found quite effective. ..It basically turns the tables so you view the behavior from the perspective of an empathetic and understanding bystander. Often times we r very hard on ourselves yet easily forgive and sympathize with others. ..You deserve kindness.    ..IWNDWYT..
Stay busy-- if your mind is drifting into a guilt/shame spiral find something productive to do. Exercise projects around the house read about something that interests you. Know that drinking it away will if not today than eventually add more shameful events to your mental ledger whereas staying sober and keeping busy will push the shameful stuff further and further back in the rearview mirror. We can acknowledge that our past misdeeds were vile but as others are saying we have to forgive ourselves and move on. Focusing forever on what some enemy of ours has done to us is super unhealthy. Focusing forever on what we've done to ourselves is even more unhealthy! Give yourself a break. :)..I will not drink with you today.
