-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xp1bn/day_11_and_ive_fallen_flat/

For a while there I was feeling amazing. Up at 5 am hitting the gym. Just awash with calm and determination. Then the last two days I've absolutely crashed. Have never felt so tired before. It's really overwhelming and I'm struggling to get through my day at work. I also can't stop eating sugar flat out. Of course with that doubts have started to come to mind. Maybe I never had a problem with drinking to begin with and I'm making a big deal out of nothing?? Most of me knows that isn't true. I won't forget having to hold my first glass of wine each day with two hands my hands were shaking so much. But yeah the doubt has crept in out of nowhere the feeling that I don't have the strength. .Is this all pretty normal week 2 and will it go away??.
----------immediate responses--------

Firstly. Give yourself a break. You made the toughest decision at the start when you decided to stop. Everything beyond that you can overcome. It is ok to have doubts and hear the whispers you know why. Because that keeps you motivated on point and aligned to your goals. Smile more. You have earned it. 1 day at a time. You can do this you ARE doing this.
i think it's normal to have pretty varied reactions for weeks or sometimes longer. some people get tired others are on fire i couldn't sleep etc. ..whenever these moods happen i try to remember that it means i was drinking a lot. if i never had a problem then how come the absence of this drug is affecting me so much? i know that's bad logic (coffee withdrawal is a thing too) but i still use it. i know i can go two weeks without asparagus and i will not be thinking about it...for the sugar fruit helps me. I've been mainlining berries and cherries etc. just to make sure quitting drinking doesn't turn into getting addicted to candy...hang in there. you don't have to be strong every day. we can struggle. we just need to not drown it out with booze 
Hey new friend. We are not encouraged to give out medical advice but I can say I've felt all these things:.Tired.Denial .Bloated.Irritable 
Give yourself a break.have you tried aa. so much juicy info and cool ppl in that community. tons of tools to guide u
Sobriety doesn't solve all your problems and some days will always be harder than others. However sobriety unlike the drinking life at least isn't creating new problems daily! So you're having a rough couple of days? Sucks but it happens. You are tired and that also happens. Get some extra sleep/rest. Listen to your body. You can kick some ass in the gym next week honestly. Stay strong. You can do it. I will not drink with you today.
Yes it's normal for the booze voice to pop in and tell us we aren't strong enough why bother we'll never last anyhow why not just one everyone else is doing it we weren't that bad and it goes on &amp; on &amp; on... well it's a SCAM!  It wants our attention back it wants wait for it... booze!  That's how you know a scam is running if there's booze at the end of it   have an awesome day I won't be drinking with you today 
In *my* early days I was all over the place - pink clouds and rainbows hurricanes and hopelessness. Keeping in mind my memory of my drunken life and my vision of a sober one was key on those days I needed to just put one foot in front of the other. Reading SD and committing every day that  I will not drink today no matter what happens - good or bad  was essential too.  Blessings. 
In the third week I was very tired all the time and having drinking dreams. I just allowed my body to rest as much as possible.  Just acknowledge the different stages and aspects of healing from alcoholism and it will be okay. IWNDWYT.
