-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xzycl/on_relapse/

Quitting booze is easy. It's so easy I've done it about a million times...This time last year I would have been residually buzzed and working at a school. In about 2 hours I'd go home drink more and pass out in my recliner. I wasn't living I was barely surviving. I would wake up on Saturday mornings to find that I'd trashed my apartment (again). I'd put off cleaning the vomit out of the trashcan until I couldn't bear it any more. It was disgusting. Sometimes I'd wake up to find a bag of fast food in the car I didn't remember buying a reminder of just how stupid I can be...I decided to quit after I wound up on the couch at 4 AM with a bottle of 151 crying and watching sappy showtunes on YouTube. I quit for a couple of weeks and reintroduced myself to beer. I was a "responsible drunk." Sure I liked to drink but I wasn't killing multiple handles every week anymore. I was only killing a six pack. A twelve pack. A case...And then three days ago I purchased a 40 of malt liquor and a handle of vodka and sent myself on a bender...Wake up. Drink. Drink more. Don't feel drunk drink a little more. More. More. More. Now I have to go do stuff. Everyone can tell. I probably reek. My eyes are sunken in. My face is puffy. My cheeks are red. I'm drenched in sweat. A nice 50 degree day and a heavy sweatshirt aren't helping. Go home. Drink. Drink. Drink. Try to cook. Make a mess. Go to bed...Well it's gone now. I killed it last night. I remember why I swore off the stuff. And now I understand I probably shouldn't "just" drink beer either. Which sucks. I love a nice beer. But I just can't anymore...I'm sick of paying money to temporarily feel better. I'm sick of actually still being miserable. I'm sick of making myself sick. I'm sick of the narcissism that comes out in me when I'm drunk and I'm sick of the nihilism that manifests when I'm sober and hung over. ..What did alcohol give me? More depression more anxiety and about 40 pounds of weight gain. No more using poison as a crutch. I want to be done...I don't know that I'll never drink again. But I'm damn well going to try. 
----------immediate responses--------

Try.  That's a great start.  IWNDWYT.  Good luck.
Good luck on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
What worked for me was realizing that alcohol was just a temporary solution and was covering up issues and feelings I was having. It never actually solved anything just made things worse and caused more problems. Stay strong. .
I like you. ..You just described the last 6 months of my life up until I quit 6 days ago. My longest sober streak since high school...It sucks when you realize alcohol no longer gives you any satisfaction or relief but you keep guzzling it anyway making yourself even more miserable...Sobriety delivers what alcohol promised...I will not drink with you today. &lt;3
I remember that feeling of being hungover and feeling so disgusting and ashamed because of the state of my apartment. One of the best parts of sobriety for me is that I don't live there any more. ..Good luck to you. IWNDWYT. 
What's your plan to not drink?
Wow when I read this I thought it was a story about myself. I was so similar in my drinking. Thank you so much for sharing it brought back a lot of memories of why I am here and sober.
