-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y2ef8/i_understand_why_i_drink_but_that_doesnt_make_it/

I recently relapsed from almost a year clean. Did out patient treatment and it worked until it didn't. ..I won't go into the story of relapse because its like everyones think you can control it and of course it slowly gets worse. So I have thought HARD about why I drink and its because of anxiety. I guess I struggle with finding how to manage this anxiety without alcohol or some other aid. Im not drinking everyday or all the time but I can see the patterns starting again and its scaring me...Not sure where else to go with this but I had to say something to someone. I need to get back into my old routine  things were working.....Any input is greatly welcome !!
----------immediate responses--------

Anxiety is my issue too. At some point I just need relief. Though drinking always makes it worse. Catch-22. 
I have found that I have anxiety and it is part of me whether or not I drink.  I have been treated for it by a physician for many years now.  When I was drinking though I had anxiety that was not the same as my regular anxiety.  When I would wake up at night after having drank during the evening I would have anxiety that kept me awake.  Now that I no longer drink I no longer have middle of the night anxiety.  Have you ever talked to a doctor about treating your anxiety?
I hear you and empathize with you. Knowing helps in some ways but the knowledge alone doesn't solve the problem easily. I'm in early days myself dealing with anxiety-driven substance abuse issues so I don't have any real wisdom but what keeps me hopeful is that I can slowly work to fill up my tool belt with real sustainable coping mechanisms that support me. Right now to me giving up my key coping tool left me defenseless. But just know I'm feeling the beginnings of new patterns and I'll be traveling that road with you!
the only thing that keeps me consistently sober for more than a few days in a row is regular AA meetings.  tried them?  you will *definitely* meet others with identical symptoms to yours and triggers and will get good advice and support.  .I also find that the routine of just getting to the meetings means there is always one thing in my day with one reason only - to stay sober.  even when they are boring meetings or i am tired the focus on making that meeting seems to form a sort of backbone to my recovery.
