-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y40r7/13_days_sober_and_the_surprises_keep_coming/

I'm not going to lie.. I was scared to do this. I never considered myself an alcoholic but I've been drinking 3-4 days a week and relying on alcohol to fuel almost all social interactions ~the last two years. So yeah there might be a name for that which I still don't want to say. ..I've been clean and sober for 13 days and it's definitely been hard. Valentine's Day dinner and watching all the cocktails being delivered to the surrounding tables.. struggle. Fancy drinks used to go hand in hand with fancy food for me. ..Struggles aside I feel so different. In a great way! At first I wondered what the hell I would do on a Friday night if I wasn't enjoying my favorite beers or going out with friends.. but here I am. Just finished yoga (beginner!) pampering myself and relaxing watching trash tv. I ate an amazing healthy dinner instead of starving myself to get drunk and binging at the end of the night to avoid a hangover. I'm actually excited to lay in bed read until I fall asleep and wake up at a reasonable hour. I can actually DO something productive on Saturday instead of nursing my hangover until the nighttime comes when I can drink again. ..I'm not a big poster on Reddit but I'm just feeling really great tonight and wanted to share with someone (not really telling many friends/family members right now). ..Thanks for reading! If you're wondering how you're going to get through- just keep pushing and remember all of the good parts. Maybe even write them down and make your fellow internet teetotalers share your happiness ;)..I will not be drinking with you tonight! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on day 13. I'm pushing day 39 or 40 and like you before I would have slept all day tomorrow until it was time to drink. Instead I will be sober tonight go to bed at a decent hour and tomorrow I will hit the ice rink feeling great...I will not drink with you tonight either.
Congrats on your day 13.  Sounds like you have a great night planned.  IWNDWYT!
Yay! I know the feeling and it only gets better.  Enjoy your book and the productive Saturday you have ahead of you. IWNDWYT!
I think you've found the key to making sobriety stick.  It's something to enjoy and treasure not something to endure.  You've got this! Have a great weekend!
Cool. I used to purge on Sunday nights so I could make it to work on Monday. Man I miss that. Not. 
Relaxing while watching trash TV - that rings true! Note to self: there are other ways to relax rather than just getting wasted!! ..I find sober relaxation to be much more satisfying. Alcohol just keeps me jazzed up until I pass out! Then wake up not feeling too good!
Congratulations!  Tomorrow we'll both be at our two week mark badge or no badge. :)..Have a great weekend.
So good! I felt the same as you and never thought of myself as an alcoholic. Still don't. I'm just a person who doesn't drink. Two things came together to make sobriety stick for me. The first is an equation alcohol + me = undesirable consequences. Realizing that was reason enough to quit drinking but it was still hard because alcohol was such a big part of my life. The other thing I did was read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. Totally changed how I thought about alcohol. Totally changed my life! Anyway that's what worked for me. ..I will not drink with you today!
Love your username! It's all just water under the fridge now :)..&gt;starving myself to get drunk and binging at the end of the night to avoid a hangover. ..Oh man. I would do this pretty much every time I drank which was well everyday. Stuffing my drunk face with Taco Bell at 1 am is not a good look on me. ..Congrats on 13 days! IWNDWYT!.
Thank you for sharing this you have me excited about my Saturday sans hangover now too!
I knew I would like you based on your username. Its my favorite "Rickyism". You are doing great stay strong!
Congrats bro! day 13 very good.  You are so brave and smart to come forward with a developing problem BEFORE you sink 20+ years destroying relationships health economy family..keep it up! prevention is way better that going through hell to finally stop drinking. .6 years sober for me and life is great! but I did the 20+ Rambo years and man you dont want to go there...And yes 3-4 times a week and relying for social interaction you are a prime candidate..save yourself bro make those 13 days grow into a lifestyle.
I totally relate especially the mornings. I genuinely love beer but alcohol has been robbing me of my weekend mornings for too long. I woke up at 7am today and got a lot done! It feels great and when I go hang out with my friends I order milk which helps me put on muscle. Glad you're sticking to it!..IWNBDWYT!
I'm on day 3 you my hero!
IWNDWY! &lt;3
I'll look into that book thanks for the suggestion!
It sounds like you found some new ways to distract yourself from alcohol kudos! Eventually you won't even think about drinking. Enjoy your free time! I will not drink with you today   
&gt; drinking 3-4 days a week and relying on alcohol to fuel almost all social interactions  .  .I am/was the same way. I was unable to go out and not have a drink and relied on alcohol to be the fuel to keep me going. Too nervous to talk to that girl? Take a shot real quick and loosen up. Not feeling the vibe of this party? Slug another beer real quick it'll help. I wasn't dependent on alcohol to get through my day but when I did drink I almost always overdid it.  .  .I recently went to a concert last Friday one of my first few days of being sober and it was an eye opening experience. Seemingly the majority of people there were drinking to get drunk and only a few appeared to be drinking to get a buzz and enjoy the show. It was weird trying to exist in public as sober me like I wasn't sure what my personality is like without alcohol. It took a while but eventually I came out of my shell and was able to enjoy the show sober (soda water with lime!).  .  .It will probably be a while before I go out like that again because i want to get some more time under my belt before I am around people drinking like that. Sober people sober places..  .Since then my nights have been much more restful and I'm able to get up earlier and do more with my mornings. It feels great! Thanks for sharing and IWNDWYT
Thank YOU for sharing! So cool to hear your experience at a concert sober- really gives me hope for when I have to tackle that as well. IWNDWYT
Good for you... seems like there will always be celebrations just have to deal with them one at a time and embrace the thought you are alcohol free.  Pretty good feeling :)
Hey just wanted to say I also hate the term "alcoholic". Alcohol is an addictive substance. Consistently drinking it fuels an addiction to it...Same as cigarettes or coffee. But we don't label those people "tobaccoholics" or "problem drinkers". ..I personally feel better just admitting that I've become addicted to a highly addictive substance after repeatedly exposing myself to it and I'm working on kicking the habit. No guilt no stigma just a dude trying to live healthier!
