-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y4s77/feeling_like_i_dont_know_why_i_am_doing_this/

I am at my three month mark and I am really having trouble with my negative emotions. I feel myself getting really down on myself thinking about all the things I have don't in the past that I really regret. I just want to shut my thoughts off and give in sometimes. I am really struggling with it lately and I feel so helpless sometimes. I hate how hard I am on myself but its hard to rewire my brain. .I just wish I could shut my brain off. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man. I feel you. I think we've spent so long hiding from our feelings behind the veil of alcohol that it's hard to know how to respond to them head-on. Our coping mechanism is effectively removed. I've had to come up with new ones like actively seeking to accept things that aren't going my way especially when I can't affect them. ..Hang in there - IWNDWYT. 
Are you doing this by yourself or working a program?  AA helped me deal with making amends. AA is not the only program out there it is just the only one I know. One thing I know for sure taking a drink won't change the past. 
If you feel like you're struggling right now that probably means you're getting stronger. It took me such a long time before I could recognize the major benefits of not drinking. I've felt like how you've described many times and I'm sure I will again. It's ok if you don't know why you're doing this just keep going! I'm not drinking with you.     
Last scroll through the "new" tonight and I found yours...I don't know your battle against Alcoholism personally but I know you are fighting it so fucking Valiantly three months in !!!! .I knew someone who never made it past three days....My main point for commenting:...&gt;  I am really struggling with it lately and I feel so helpless sometimes. I hate how hard I am on myself but its hard to rewire my brain. ...I would not say you are helpless. A helpless person can not be helped and you've helped yourself consistently for three months. What always seems to be forgotten about when you struggle with something is that struggling is proof of effort and drive.  You may struggle to crawl forward an inch a centimeter or a milimeter; ultimately you will progress forward if you keep at it. "When going through Hell KEEP GOING.".This Obstacle is your way forward Fam...&gt; I just wish I could shut my brain off...[This can be done.].(https://www.wikihow.com/Practice-Vipassana-Meditation)
I know those feels. I haven't tried but I hear meditation helps with those thought patterns. 
I feel you. I hear you. I have been there. We all have. I wanted to rewire my brain and shut off my mind. I needed to rewire from my dependence on alcohol and I needed a way to shut off my brain that didn't involve drugs or alcohol. I rewired my brain by reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. Changed my life. I shut off my brain with a style of meditation described on thewayofseeing.com. It's not a commercial site. I actually haven't seen anything to purchase or a donate button. Helped me immensely. ..IWNDWYT 
I'd kill to be at 3 months friend. Please hang in there for me today. I'm at day 1. You don't want to be at day 1 again. Being at day 1 will just cause shame and misery and guilt. Ride the wave and commit just to one more day of sobriety. You can reassess tomorrow. 
