-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y84p4/six_months_of_sobriety/

Today I have reached six months straight of waking up sober. I don't feel like posting on facebook or making an Instagram post about it but I do feel like sharing it on this subreddit since it was a huge inspiration to me achieving sobriety. LONG POST INCOMING...I am 30 years old and like a lot of people I spent my 20's drinking and partying. I grew up in foster care and I have always wanted to be 'normal' and when I was drunk people liked me they thought I was funny and they always had great stories to tell about me the following day. So for a long time I felt popular and normal. I worked in a popular restaurant and as many restaurant folks know restaurant life makes drinking very very easy. Getting off at 2 am on Saturday? Booze til 5 am and drive home. Being seen in my small community became a significant thing to me I thought that if I wasn't out on any given night then I'd be missing something. All fake all for my constant desire to feel normal and accepted. So for about a decade I would consistently get blackout drunk 3-4 times a week and sometimes more often than that. I was the king of blacking out. Instead of making fun memories with friends I'd get so drunk that they'd all remember and fill me in the next day often leading me to physically cringe at my behavior. It was never malicious behavior never mean always 'life of the party' sort of behavior that people ate up because I always yearned for that spotlight. I never got a DUI but I should have...After graduating from college I decided to visit family in Brazil so I bought a plane ticket and intended to be gone for three months. Three months turned into seven months living in Rio De Janiero and with nothing to do but party party I did. Night after night of drinking drugs and different women. It was amazing and then it began to feel hollow. I left Brazil and continued by drinking escapades through Europe and then finally through Asia before returning home. If you've been traveling you know how easy it is to say fuck it and have a beer during the day that turns into more beer more beer turns to shots and random encounters with friends you've made briefly for a few hours before quickly forgetting them. I loved my travels but after nineteen months I felt hollow and instead of seeking normalcy I was looking for companionship which led to booze and random women...I guess after rereading this it sounds like traveling led me to drink the honest truth is I would have done it at home drinking comforted me and eased my anxieties temporarily but it always came creeping back and manifesting itself into more severe anxiety. I hated seeing random people in public that I had spoken to for hours at bars they saw this fake ridiculous 'outgoing' version of me. My shaky hands stopped shaking after about two beers and the stiffness in my spine would loosen up it was easier for me to maintain eye contact booze was the cure for all my social anxiety! Until it wasn't. ..Anyways I don't have some profound thing to say. I didn't hit rock bottom although in retrospect I probably did more than once. For a long time all of my relationships were formed with booze at the center of it bars were my home away from home. Bar regulars were friends I knew wouldn't judge me. I have dated women that deserved a better version of me one that I didn't give because I loved drinking. I think it all came to a head when I returned from traveling and was looking for jobs. I needed to chug four strong IPA's in the parking lot of a gas station so that I could feel normal. ..TODAY though! SIX MONTHS! In the six months I have been sober I've worked two jobs saved thousands of dollars worked out every day (I look and feel amazing seriously the gym is a sanctuary) retaught myself algebra to take the stupid GRE and in my proudest moment I have been accepted into my dream graduate school program. Six months. I can't imagine what I would have accomplished if I have granted myself the gift of sobriety years ago. Although part of me thinks I needed that I needed all those failures to understand the incredible feeling of success I feel today. I still sometimes think I can have one beer just one cocktail maybe I can be normal. What I have really learned is who I am and I love myself I feel so amazing today. Today I AM normal and I accept who I am and I strive to be better every day. I have a girlfriend who is out of my league and amazing. My friendships are real. I have seen people mention this on this subreddit before but the most amazing part of sobriety is the feeling of authenticity I get from being sober. THIS is the real me. Finally...Anyways long post over. Thank you all for inspiring me I swear to god this subreddit has been so pivotal in my sobriety and you all inspire me every day. It was so comforting knowing other people have experienced my struggles and beaten them. What an amazing community and resource for us all to have at our disposal. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post I can relate so much especially to the "ridiculous outgoing version of me" part! You're so lucky to have been able to do all that travelling too! And you work out every day!? That's amazing any tips on staying motivated?.Congrats on your success and I will not drink with you today.
Good for you. 
Great to hear of your self-acceptance! Sounds like you've come a long way. 
