-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ya8e0/pressure_to_drink/

Last night went out for a celebratory dinner for a dear friends 40th birthday.  Everyone was amazed I was still not drinking and my  febfast' line worked a treat.  I drank water and drove people home.  BUT my friend is having a big party in a few weeks time and when I said I was happy to drive everybody was aghast that I would not be drinking. I got looks that said  you are not a proper friend if you don't drink at the party.'   I am 51 years old and am feeling peer pressure.  I talk to my teenage daughter about resisting peer pressure but i am struggling with it myself!  Not sure how to feel about it at the moment but IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience people who were preoccupied with whether I was drinking often had their own problems with alcohol. Sadly I discovered that some who I thought were friends were really only drinking buddies. 
Peer pressure will always be there. I would not worry too much about it. Just be you and do you. In the end you are doing the RIGHT THING!
Imagine this scenario:..You go to the party and you go through the front door. ..There is a strange smell in the air sickly sweet and smoke is coming from the living room. That's odd none of your friends smoke!..You walk into the room and your friends are passing a crack pipe around. You are shocked of course this is awkward you are not sure what to do...After a moment sensing they want you to join in you tell them it is not really for you not something you want or need in your life as you are perfectly happy as you are...They moan and complain and say you are a big baby and not a true friend unless you sit your butt down right now and smoke some crack. So of course being a good friend above all else you roll up your sleeves take one for the team and tuck into your first ever crack pipe. What a great party!..Now some people on here will say that is ridiculous because alcohol is different from drugs. But the fact is they are wrong because it isn't different. Alcohol is a chemical substance that is psychoactive that messes with your brain in all sorts of ways. Ergo alcohol is a drug. Just like... Crack and heroin and LSD and MDMA and all the rest. And if you don't believe me read a professional analysis:..https://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2010/11/drugs_cause_most_harm..Now I consider myself a good friend but f*** me if I would become a drug addict just to spare some hurt feelings. ..In short I will not drink with you (or your friends) today! Stay strong and walk your own path. :)
When one of the  in crowd  stops drinking it causes the rest to do some introspection and look at their own situation. It's not always pretty to be confronted with seeing a friend auit when you suddenly realize that you drink more than them. 
