-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ycdhy/relapsed_yesterday_and_i_feel_ashamed_worthless/

"4 months of sobriety flushed down the toilet" I thought to myself as I took that first mouthful of beer. I ended up getting pretty hammered...When I woke up this morning I had a pounding headache and felt very nauseous. Physically I still feel lousy right now. Psychologically I'm disappointed in myself. ..I thought I was strong enough in my sobriety to go to a restaurant with friends and not drink. I'm gonna have to rethink which social gatherings I can go to now (I had already cut myself off from a lot of meetups)...Back to square one...
----------immediate responses--------

You are not worthless. You're human and you had a slip up. You're still awesome and tomorrow is a new day. I won't drink with you. 
Getting started stopping drinking is hard.  Just don't let it take 30 years like I did.  Get right back up on the horse and add a tough lesson learned but not to be repeated.
I actually don't think you're back at square one. Everything you learned in the past few months is still with you. If anything you're probably gonna come back from this stronger. Don't beat yourself up it's a fruitless endeavor. Get the shit out of your system and move onto the next day. This is a process. Hang in there you're not alone.
I'm sorry to hear that but I'm glad you're back here. Anyone of us could be in your situation so there is no use in being too hard on yourself...&gt;"4 months of sobriety flushed down the toilet"..Time sober isn't wasted. That time is yours and nothing can take it away from you...
Sorry to hear that..If you feel those friends are are trigger for you drinking and relapsing you might need time away from them or you might need to cut them out
I am glad you are right back at it.  I couldn't go to a restaurant for a long time.  I will not drink with you today.
You never have to feel that pain again.  
What's important is that you're back! A lot of people myself included have relapsed then drink again and again out of shame and self loathing. It's a vicious cycle that you were able to break. You'll get those 4 months back before you know it. IWNDWYT 
You are a little over 4 months sober minus 1 day! When I skip a day at the gym is doesn't eliminate all the muscle I've been building up and or fat I've burned! This is a trial and error process...don't be too hard on yourself. What's important?...It is the day after and you are back! I had a reset last year after almost 4 months....went on vacation:/ Afterwards I "tried' moderating for 6 months. Eventually (of course) it got out of hand again and I stopped again that was 4 months ago. I feel like this time has been easier because of what I learned last time...and SD. Plenty of room here on the wagon. I will not drink with you today!
