-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yf66m/stopped_by_to_have_a_look_at_my_star_and_to_tell/

The struggle is real...that voice has been there EVERY DAY for the past week. Now that I'm hitting record length sobriety that voice is getting louder and louder with the whole bag of tricks. You deserve it wouldn't watching the games be much funner with booze...You've been staying home alone too much..get out and see what the world is doing. .I already know that it would be the start of hangovers and unproductive days and back to the grind of drinking. So I'm gonna steer clear today and make this day where I get some shit done I can feel good about. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Funny thing about the mind is - we think we need to listen to it. Nah my mind is just a tool. I listen to my soul instead. 
Yeah *that* voice...I try to use the "play it forward" trick...You know absolutely how crap you will feel the next morning or morning after that or whenever you decide to stop...The sweating the shakes the intense guilt the fear the anxiety. How could any of us ever feel it was worth it?
Part of the cunning part of alcoholism...Alcohol "You've been so good without me you deserve a reward of me I promise to not be hard on you this time"..Fell for that one a lot.
At least for me that voice got quieter over time. It rarely pipes up now. You got this! Great job so far! 
Well done on coming here and posting about it.  I've had many a' battles with that voice proclaiming the glory that could be of perfect moderate drinking and I've given in so many times because I always fought that battle alone rather than finding someone to share my urges with.  All alone that voice can eventually trick me into believing this time will be different every time but what I've found is that the more I talk about it and cast light upon it the less persuasive power it seems to hold.  My guess is your voice responds the same.  So once again well done for posting.
The devil voice...Booze's mouthpiece working hard to suck you back into the shit. .."You've been so good you deserve a drink".."No booze for a month? you got this!  You can have one right?"..After about 2 months of me telling him to f*ck off out of the blue he drops this on me....."Wait a minute you mean you're NEVER going to drink again? EVER?"   then the whole argument that I can moderate my drinking and it won't be a problem. ..Once I realize it's the voice trying to suck me back in I can tell it to shove off and saying no is easier. ..If you read the book  "This Naked Mind" you'll discover that it's your fucked up brain chemistry demanding a drink and all that complex brain stuff that's used to being fueled by alcohol is "talking" to you trying to get you to drink..I think that understanding "the voice" what it is where it comes from will actually help you not drink...GOOD LUCK!!  ..
I remember that the first thought like that is the disease but what I do with it is me. Good luck relapses are the worst and only make you feel terrible. 
Every time I hear "I deserve a drink" I switch around the concept to the"she got what she deserved" way of looking at it...So no I don't deserve a drink I haven't done anything wrong to deserve that life I don't need to be punished I don't need a drink. ..Stay strong it gets better  
You aren't alone. Seriously though what is up with this week?? I've had the same struggle after I was feeling pretty awesome. It's felt like I've had to hunker down and dig my heels in all week again. I know I'm not going to drink but the Beast keeps tapping me on the shoulder. I hope next week is better for both of us!
Glad you came here and told that voice to Eff OFF! ..I'm here not drinking with you today.
