-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yi3zj/how_do_you_remember_where_you_came_from_in_your/

Now that I'm starting to have a pretty healthy relationship with my sobriety  with more benefits than struggles **I really fear that I'll forget about it completely** ..Every time I fell off the wagon I started drinking because I thought that  I got it this time  that I'm able to control myself and more of those self-convincing thoughts in order to drink. I feel much stronger than ever about my sobriety but I fear I'll loose sight...How do you do it?
----------immediate responses--------

In the early days I was active daily in my Program to not drink...As I got time in sobriety the obsession to drink was extinguished...Then I focused on living an *Unimpaired Life*...Now I never think about drinking.  I think about Living...But none of that nor this would have been possible without a program of healing and recovery...Have a program?
Constant daily (even hourly) affirmation that I am doing the right thing helps me stay focused. This sub has been central in changing my subconscious and conscious thoughts. 
&gt;How do you remember where you came from..I found that writing about it on here - ('warts and all'!) - serves as a good reminder if I ever need to look back and see how far I've come.....Forgetting about alcohol completely (making it utterly insignificant and irrelevant in your life) *could* eventually be a good thing... leave it in the past where it belongs sort of thing.... I've accepted that having stopped it would be in my best interests not to start again (it would be the same brain interacting with the same alcohol!) so I remind myself of this often to really cement the new thinking and habits.....Currently I find that a little daily vigilance is a good idea by spending a bit of time on this sub helping other problem drinkers - that helps remind me where I came from too!..I won't drink with you today congrats on the lovely 44 Palindrome!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
 I read stories of people struggling here. But I also remember that alcohol made my joints hurt and made a back injury worse. It gave me sinus infections following a cold and once even an ear infection. It limited my ability to be clearheaded if an emergency arose with my child after I started drinking for the day. It numbed all of my feelings. It made my memory worse. And now I am reading that even one drink a day (and I usually had more than that)  increased my risk of developing many cancers. It made me ashamed of myself. When I drank I never wanted to exercise. I was always worrying about how I would get my daily wine if I was traveling with my family. I was always annoyed if I missed it. My skin looked worse and my face was puffy. I got hot easily and would sweat when no one else was sweating. I take it day by day but I do not want any of those problems today. The 30 minutes' high from that first glass isn't worth a whole host of problems for me. And I wasn't even having  that much.  But it had a pretty outsized effect on me and my life. ..I will not drink with you today :)
For me it is simple there is no controlling it. I drank to get drunk and nothing more. I didn't go out to bars or drink with friends. I came home from work walked to the corner store loaded up my Target bag with 25oz beers came home and drank them before I stopped I was buying 12 a night...I normally would drink 4 of them within the first hour on an empty stomach to get the drunk feeling going quickly. As the night went on my rate slowed though but I would also watch the clock because after 1am you can't buy anymore beer so if I thought I might need more I would drunk walk to the corner store for 1 or 2 more just in case...With all that said though I am done with it. I'm done being that guy. I'm simply done being a drunk so that is how I'm doing it..
Write it all down. The good the bad and the ugly. All the awful things you did and said. The hangovers the withdrawals the emotional and physiological turmoil. Then reference back to it when you're brain is trying to convince you you're  fixed . 
I had a long career as a  functioning  alcoholic.  At the end I wasn't functioning very well at all.  Came very close to losing those that I love.  It was getting too hard for them to care about someone who didn't about himself.  Things have improved 100% since I've been sober.  I know from past experience that I can't moderate.  I wouldn't want to no fun in that!  I have learned about myself since taking up yoga.  Mindfulness staying balanced not judging.  My anxiety has greatly decreased.  This sub has helped me tremendously.  We are one big family who understand each other.  It's important to me to help support others.  I also feel accountable to this group.  Sobriety is my only goal in life.
I had a therapist and was a regular at AA meetings. I did the 12 steps and hand-wrote the first one...all the harmful consequences alcohol caused in my life. It was pages long. I still have it but the paper is thin and yellowing. I read everything I could find about alcoholism and recovery. The hard work I did in the early years of my recovery has paid off. I have never forgotten what happens when I drink. 
Alcohol makes me lose the power I have. Like a potion that drains my life force. I'm only this strong without it. I'm never "strong enough" to drink it if it's the agent that removes my strength. That eliminates the conflict for me...I could ignore that but I would still not be able to fool myself about what I was doing. And that spoils it.
I look at pictures of myself when I was hungover.  Since I have many to pick from I try to remember how fake the smile was because I felt like crap...  looked like crap too.  This has helped me.  
This time I have written alot as was said elsewhere warts and all.I also have accepted I am an alcoholic.There is no cure.I will always be one.10 years from now I can not have 1 drink or I will continue on the path I was on.It is just fact for methere is no argument about it.When I have thoughts I read my journal as a reminder.
