-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ylvfj/aok_mondays_yes_weve_got_your_back_here_at_sd/

Happy Monday SD! Saturday February 17th was Random Acts of Kindness Day. I thoroughly enjoyed reading [this article](https://hellogiggles.com/news/celebrate-random-acts-of-kindness-day/) about all the different AoK's that people performed for others. From the group of police officers that handed out coffee and breakfast treats to the seniors who handed out over 500 flowers!..There was one in particular that caught my eye. It was a small poster that read: "Would you like a little piece of paper that says *YES* to hold onto during tough times?" And there were little tear off "YES" tags that people were invited to take. It made me think of the tough times we face in sobriety...SOOOO I'd like to do this for **YOU** virtually. When you're struggling remember this post and perhaps visit the link above. Know that you are an incredible person you've got over 100K sobernauts that have your back and we love you :)...YES the struggles too shall pass. YES you will be OK. YES we're here for you! Lean on us and perhaps some day we'll need to lean on you. Ya know that's how we roll here at SD ;)...Are there any AoK's that you would like to share? We'd love to hear it! Hope you have an amazing day...Love and Peace .Lee &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

YES!  There is a community of great SoberNauts who care for each person who support each person who understand the courage it takes to reach out for assistance who understand that I can feel lonely that I'm in a dark place that I may be staring out at the abyss that my mind may lie to me and tell me "No one Cares.  It doesn't matter what you do.  You're not hurting anyone" that in the face of that People DO CARE do want the best for me Do support me........without expecting anything in return...That no matter what I may feel guilt about shame about no matter my most embarrassing moments my most regretful indiscretions....... *The Secrets* I would carry with me.....People Care People Listen People want me to be better...Just like YOU u/Lee_in_NY and your caring heart to ensure that this AoK is here for me.  And for others...[YES !  YES ! YES!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ld0eqF-FBZI)    
Bless you Lee :) for being the beautiful beacon of love and light that you are xxx..A lady I had been cooking soup for regularly over the past few years was dying of cancer over the weekend. Her son is a good friend of mine. While the family were dealing with those last really hard hours of her passing stages I helped make sure his young daughter one of Kiddo's friends also was supported and entertained for parts of Saturday by Kiddo or me and Kiddo...I also told his sister that I will be cooking for her dad whenever he needs it in future. He likes my soups..
Thank you for this 
Thank you so much. I check in here everyday. I read and anytime I want to drink this is my first step.
Thanks Lee! I love your posts and you have been an inspiration to sobriety newbies like me.   
Yesterday at church our pastor spoke on human history and the importance of story telling.  He described how telling Bible stories and recalling past events whether good or bad would help to build and shape a better future by reminding us of that past.  In the wake of recent events sometimes it's downright hard to see good in humanity as a whole.  ..That being said I like to see these AoK's because it proves that goodness does exist!  Our world isn't all bleak and goodness can be found.  Like Mr Rogers said "Look for the helpers."  There will always be helpers.  Our SD community is a group full of helpers for so many people including you and I!  Thank you everyone who is here!
I was at the grocery store with my daughter and she was messing with the flowers and there was a man with some severe mental disability and my daughter was smelling a flower and he said "Aww that's so cute!"..It hit me square in my soul.  I felt like such an asshole because I was trying to stay away from the guy.  Then it made me aware of how ungrateful I am for my own mental and physical abilities.  It also  made me think about how a guy like that in his state can have a genuine positive impact on the world around him...If I were still drinking I'd probably be hungover because it was a Sunday.  I'd have been a lot more irritable at the grocery store and probably would have told my daughter to get away from the flowers.    Being sober opens the possibility for moments like this.
AOKs are instrumental to my own sobriety. I usually need an act a day to get by and I keep the rule "If you can't find another person to be kind to be kind to yourself."..AOKs of late that I'm particularly proud of: ..I sent $50 on Venmo to a stranger on /r/kitchenconfidential who lost his job for refusing to serve unsanitary/unsafe food. He is a fellow sobernaut unbeknownst to me at the time and is using the money to do something nice for his young daughter...I gave $100 gift card and flowers to an older lady in my neighborhood who is having food scarcity issues. ..I returned some misdelivered books from Amazon that they said I could keep. I spent time researching the recipient and then finding them at their job so they could have their books back. ..I hosted a young couple from Utah who are leaving their religion and struggling with stress at my country house and helped give them a safe sober and peaceful environment to reconnect. ..I sent flowers to my boyfriend's family as they were going through a stressful time...I helped a friend reformat her resume. I helped another friend with a job lead...I gave my garden some AOKs by tending to it before a big frost rolls through this week...For myself I looked at a few things in my life that I had been neglecting and bought myself new shoes and socks. I also cooked several healthy meals this week despite a lack of appetite from stress. Hopefully the leftovers won't become an AOK for my compost bin but even still I can live with that...I wouldn't have been able to do these things without sobriety. I might not have even tried as drinking makes me self-centered. ..This is a great thread thanks for posting. AOKs have always been a strong tool in my sobriety as being kind reminds me of my own humanity and gives me a role to play in the larger world that isn't just sitting at my desk drinking wine.
On Friday night my boyfriend and I gave a ride to a man who was recently homeless. We dropped him off at his friend's house. Once we got home ourselves my boyfriend cooked a hot meal and I gathered some non perishable food plus extra winter stuff and we went back to where we dropped him off and gave it to him. ..Our small town has already seen multiple people die this winter because they didn't have a place to spend the night. It's totally understandable not to feel comfortable giving a stranger a ride but I like to stock hand and foot warmers in my car and give them out when I can. 
Oh man today I have one that makes me super happy. I got a hair cut on Saturday hadn't had one in about a year and a half. When I told the barber how short I was going she quickly made two braids in my hair and cut them off to donate to Wigs for Kids. I am so grateful that she was thoughtful and did that.             ..And what a coincidence that it happened on RAK day!!! 
Oh wait I have ANOTHER one that also happened on Saturday. We were at a new food hall and my son (12 y.o.) wanted to get something from a different vendor than I was at. I gave him my debit card to use which they ran as credit. As they were finishing up the transaction I walked back over and a lovely couple behind him in line was helping him total the receipt and sign it. It takes a village and I'm so grateful for those villagers!  
Just had kindness do a boomerang on me this afternoon! I had the idea to take a quick lunchbreak and go to the local supermarket and buy some of those disposable nappy pants [so like undies but nappies] for a friend who has a daughter on the spectrum and at age 3.5 her DD is still not at all keen to be potty-trained even at preschool. Nappy pants can help as kids can pull them up and down easily but my friend was struggling to afford them. So I decided to treat them to a big box full of the daytime ones and a fortnight's worth of night-time ones and just left them on her verandah. For me that's only two days drinking money...Just got home and noticed a missed call on my mobile [I hadn't taken it with me] a different friend was at a bulk-buy outlet on the state border and noticed cases of 1Lt Pellegrinos for $25 and left a message saying to call her back asap if she should pick some up for me as she knows it's a plank of my sobriety to have the Pellegrino in bulk if I can get it and it's hard to find and not at all for sale here in my town. So she's picking me up two cases and dropping them off this arvo I happen to have $50 in my purse and she has saved me a two-hour round trip and lots of hunting about - plus gifted me the security of about three weeks worthy of my favourite sparkly on hand. ..What goes around comes around :).  
Oh Lee this is such a lovely thing. Thank you!
