-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yo91o/midmeltdown_could_use_virtual_hugs/

The short version: wound up declining a job offer (wrong match) and pulling out of two other promising candidacies for strong "wrong match" feelings/facts. .Last night I had a meltdown about not wanting to make choices that cement my current location/city (such as committing to a higher level job that to be responsible and not burn bridges I'd likely have to keep for 2 years). However my BF who I'm SUPER committed to is mid-school journey and is in all practical ways stuck here for the next 2+ years...and likes it here...The biggest thing for me is that I've been here in this town (that EVERYONE LOVES BUT ME) for five years and I have *maybe* 3 friends two of whom live about an hour away. ..I am not exaggerating when I say I have put a tremendous amount of effort into finding making and keeping friends. ..Volunteer work and activism..Double dates/trying to friend my BF's friends..Women's-only platonic friend groups ..Neighborhood associations..Meetups.."dating apps but for friends" ---just as bad as dating apps for dating honestly. ...CL and NextDoor ads (!!) for platonic female friends..Networking for all kinds of career stuff..Hobby group..Toastmasters..Book clubs..One-off interest groups..Being a regular at cool places that attract my kind of people..Trying to befriend my sister's and sister in laws (they're two women married to each other) friends ..I took a side gig in retail hoping not only to make money but make some casual friends. Super cliquey group---not mean just didn't care about me..I have a current side gig selling vintage clothes and I'm doing vendor fairs but the legwork and effort to build those fragile connections (hello nods commiseration on slow sales etc) into a friendship is TOUGH. I'm not sure I have it in me right now. ..I anticipate people will suggest sober groups and that's not a "hard no" but to be frank the one Al-Anon meeting I attended was *soul searingly* intense. I was struggling not to cry during the meeting and sobbing full body sobs on the street afterwards. Those people were in crisis mode and it was group therapy. Not light socializing! ..Right now I feel that most of my friends are online and that just makes me tear up writing that. Online groups and forums are a much needed support system. But online buddies aren't going to share a sugary Starbucks with me on a sunny day downtown! Online buddies aren't browsing the sale racks and trying on clothes with me! And so on. ..I'm just lost right now and taking a mental health day cuddled in bed with my pets coffee and space heater and could use some "virtual hugs" and any stories about making friends close to 40 in "difficult" towns! 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry your having a hard time and I hope you can feel the big hug I'm sending your way!!!! ..I think it's incredibly tough to create and maintain new friendships as we get older. Everyone's lives are so busy and its so hard to slow down and make a connection. I'm sure you'll get some great responses from people who've been there and can give some good advice. It sounds like you've definitely been getting out there and putting in the effort. Honestly it's tough maintaining existing friendships!  I'm 42 and I have prob 3 people i consider friends (people who I can truly open up to and be myself with). 2 of them love out of state and I see them once a year. The other lives about 20 minutes away....we talk on the phone all the time but I prob only see her 2 maybe 3 times a year. ..All I can say is that at certain times in our lives we are meant to be in certain places. Not to sound to hippy-dippy....but this just may be your time in the universe to be somewhat alone. To spend time on yourself and embrace who you are what you like to do. I think we only truly need 1 or 2 good friends....and yours maybe waiting down the line somewhere! Your just not meant to connect right now! ..Hope you feel better soon....give those pets a big hug too they always make everything better!
So sorry you are feeling this way :( I have trouble making female friends too. AA has a few women's only meetings that help me a lot and can say I've made a few close friends from it.  Good luck and hugs   
((((Sending virtual hugs)))) You've done so much with your sobriety and seem a very active and driven individual. I'm so impressed by everything you've done not least the triple digit badge next to your name. Life is hard sometimes and it's ok not to be ok and when that happens us internet friends are here for you. When I'm struggling I try to make some time for myself. Extra hot baths with sparkly bath stuff indulgent food choices and now fancy NA soft drinks. You are doing great and tomorrow may bring what you've been waiting for.  Take care. 
Sounds like a stressful time for you. On the job front I know how stressful that can be. I have a great job now that I am not always as grateful for as I should be but got a job offer this past summer that was intriguing more money more responsibility but really unstable. I declined the job offer and even though I knew it was the right choice (and managed to get a raise at my current job) it was really really difficult. I'm not really a crier and I felt so weird and conflicted about the whole thing I remember crying in my car on the way home from work on that Friday. Mostly because I dont like letting people down but eh. Its complicated...Also wow! You are involved in a lot of activities. I think that's really admirable and something I want to do someday. I too also struggle with creating friendships. I dont know why. I think most people like me. My problem is creating really deep and meaningful friendships that I find satisfying. I've got lots of acquaintances but I dont know if I have any friends that hit that level for me. I am kind of an old soul. Some of the people I get along with best are in their 50s. I like to hear their perspectives. I feel like they are generally more self assured and less afraid to have deep conversations and I do not have to deal with the drama that seems to follow people who are closer to my age. One of the things that I have found though is that I am so used to brushing people off as not being friend material that I dont really give them a good chance to get to know me. I really have to try and push myself out of my comfort zone to get that to happen. I think you are in all the right places to meet people who are like you. Dont be so hard on yourself. Be you do what you enjoy doing and eventually you will cross paths with someone who you will connect with...Your mental health day sounds nice. Enjoy a good book enjoy the warmth and comfort from your furry friends and take heart that this is just a temporary bump. You'll get there...Giving you big virtual hugs!
Sending hugs!
I think Al-Anon is probably the wrong speed for your needs. I've made meaningful connections at the women's only AA meeting that is nearest my house. We laugh a lot at my meeting.
