-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ytzq1/almost_9_months_and_intend_to_drink/

I quitted smoking almost 20 years ago. I had some relapses ( maybe 5 or 6 in all those years and they last 1 or 2 months each ). And I also smoke when I travel out of the country usualy 1 or twice a year about a weekeach. So thats my deal with cigaretes. and Im pretty satisfied with this MODERATION SMOKING LONG TERM USE..The Question is:  Is it possible to make a deal with alcohol? I dont know yet... I read a lot about it and  I think that it will be very hard to do... but its my first quiting attempt. And i made it. Almost 9 months!! Im not looking for moderation. I know it doesnt work. Im looking for I very specific ( touristic) alcohol consumption.  This landmark is important: OUT OF MY COUNTRY. In one hand is easier than nicotine cause I dont have cravings with alcohol but in the other hand I have a history of mild withdrawals with shakeness sensations and psicomotor agitation. So maybe this will stop me for my little experiment...I  dont know... I feel awasome without alcohol !! But I feel not so confortable with my limitation. I went to a psychiatryst and Im prepared to the outcome of my action. I will post my impressions. Thank You for all support !!
----------immediate responses--------

Be very careful. I would not recommend this. Once an alcoholic always and alcoholic.
There is no making a deal with booze..You may drink and have a good time for a week or 2 or whatever than out of nowhere your back to your old ways and same problems. .All I know is there is no making a deal with booze. .You can't outsmart alcohol when making a deal just like you can't outsmart the devil when you make a deal with him which is what your doing.. At the end of the days though it's your choice 
I couldn't do it. If I was diagnosed with a terminal illness I might consider it instead if something like chemo but i know there is no turning back once I drink again. 
I don't know this seems dangerous but maybe it will work for you. I just know I can't do anything like this again. When I quit smoking the first time I relapsed and slowly got back into full blown smoking. I just can't do it so I make no deals with it. (But I also have zero desire to smoke anymore and am quite disgusted by it after 2040+ days now so I have no desire to make such deals.) ..Another factor for me is not wanting to restart my quit clock! You've made it over 200 days man! That's awesome. I wouldn't want to start back at zero so even if I could make such a deal I wouldn't for that simple reason. ..Up to you in the end. If you try it and it doesn't work you'll know you can't make such deals. But it would be a shame to have to restart the counter. 
I tried it once. For me moderation does not work. But then I believe that my disease is terminal and I may never get the chance to get back into recovery. But as one old timer told me once  If you need to do more research go ahead. We'll be here when you get back. ..Good luck. 
Devin ask yourself why do I want to try drinking again?  What will it do for me?..Why do you think that not drinking is a "limitation" that you are uncomfortable with?  A limitation is something you cannot control but you have made a wise choice to not drink...You may be thinking that the buzz you get from alcohol is an enjoyable feeling but is it really?..In 9 months of not drinking have you learned that you can handle life with it's challenges and have enjoyment whilst sober?
Look forward to your field trials.  I hope you'll collect your data and share your observations and effects.  Good luck.
I quit smoking 19 YEARS ago and still get the occasional urgenot bad ones but it is still there.If I had one I would start smoking again.I stopped drinking for 10 years then decided I could handle the occasional one.10  years later it was right out of control.I don't  do moderation.It is just not in me.It is way easier to not do either for me.But good luck to you in whatever you do.
