-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ywifh/where_to_from_here/

..I find it incredibly hard to stay away but have realised my friends are the triggers my life my location most of the above mentioned. I'm an artist cliche I know so my mind is very visual my memories are extremely vivid and often I replay them when walking or passing through places of significance... I find this to be one of my most frequent triggers. I've lost job opportunities working for some major companies the likes of Adidas and Nike as well as movies television the list of failure is long and haunting. ..Those opportunities were a dream come true but my drug and alcohol addiction took those away and have left me weighed down by regrets and financial burden as well as a sour reputation. ..Dealing with my childhood and past has always been the main trigger depression and suicide attempts all factoring into my need to numb and fuck myself the happiness I feel while sober is always fleeting and although I feel accomplished at it's not long before I'm back to feeling inadequate as a man a son and a partner. ..Not only employment but relationships have been obviously affected and to my regret I couldn't fix up for the love of my life thus creating another trigger. I decided to post here because I know what I need to do but I also understand I'm weak willed and need help. ..What starts as one frosty piss water ends up a two day coke binge filled with debt and strained relationships. I've begun listening to videos by Russel brand while I paint and travel in hopes of helping me focus my thoughts don't pick up a drink or drug one day at a time. ..I found these things to be immensely helpful but in the moment I am weak and easily swayed telling myself   it's fine you'll just have one . As an addict I cannot  just have one . ..I am not part of the population capable of drinking or using responsibly I have too much baggage to allow a life of casual drinking. ..The brief glow of sobriety I experience once or twice a month is the only time I feel like myself but the warm loving embrace of alcohol is quick to plunge me into delusion creating a haze of arrogance and narcissism I can't imagine is pleasant for those around me...The problem is in social situations I don't feel myself is enough I become reserved and self involved I feel I have to drink to become bearable to others. It's a big fucking mess and I just don't stop I drink snort and eat what ever is there with no care about the effects to myself or others. Most of my friends work in the film industry or high up positions which mean an abundance of money and drugs. It's a constant cycle of relapse and regret...I've edited this post a few too many times but as it goes I find myself going through another revelation I lie to myself to those I love and to people I don't even know as if these lies mite become reality and I wake up one day to find myself sober successful loveable and most of all okay. The reality I find myself in has spurred my addiction from a once curios casual childish user to a full blown fiend chasing packets pills and pints to fill the void created by those very things. Fuck this is an awful predicament to be in...Apologies for the wall of text and nonsensical ramblings but I hope to find some refuge from my problem in this sub. This post could and perhaps should be longer but I'm sure I'll delve deeper into my problems through out this journey. I know I need to stop as it stands I can't even afford to get to work at the moment let alone buy smokes. ....Thanks for reading. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Im in a touring band and constantly around booze so i know what you mean about the artist thing. Also Russel Brand wrote a pretty funny book covering the 12 step program that is really good.  Its super enlightening to be able to say no and in the process of sobriety i have literally gained my life and relationships back. I have learned who i actually am and am at least 90% sure of myself compared to 50% when i used to drink.Iwndwyt
I'm sorry for everythinf you are going through. .I once moved away to get away from an environment i thought was the reason i kept binge drinking and doing drugs. I quickly learned the binge drinking and drugs followed me. .I'm not saying that would be true for you but its so easy to think thay moving will change everything when sometimes we are the things that need to change the most. ..Would it to be possible to go to rehab? ..For me reading the naked mind (linked in side bar)  really helped reprogram my brain and the way I felt about alcohol. It exposed to me the lies i had always believes about alcohol. And helped me nolonger want it ir at least see through why i wanted it. ..The other part for me was learning to feel uncomfortable with feelings and thoughts. I drank to hide my self hate and disappintment and uncomfortableness with myself. I've learned to just be uncomfortable sonetimes. I think discomfort is where the true growth happens. ..Aa for drugs i dont know what to tell you. I think i got lucky in the sense that i got pregnant and realized it wasn't worth losing a child over (highly do not recommend child birth as a way to recover from drugs though. Lo1) ..Good luxk on your journey. I believe being here and wanting to xhange if rhe first big step. Sometimes it takes lots of time of reying foe it to stick. But the growth can be biggest in the faikures. Jist never atop trying. .I will not drink with you today! 
I've been meaning to pick it up but as usual blew my money on booze this week. I can only imagine the problems being in a band can cause for sobriety. I've been using since I was 14 and at 25 am finally aware of myself. 
What it sounds like to me is you're having intrusive thoughts...One of the big things I don't see talked about enough is having to take the time to learn the coping mechanisms that you never learned because alcohol was always a ready fix...Learning these coping mechanisms happens to normal people with healthy relationships with alcohol by going through stressful situations and naturally develop these mechanisms.  Not only will you be getting sober but you will also get to learn these mechanisms for the first time...I highly recommend a therapist if you can afford it and if not trying to take up meditation to empty your mind with intrusive thoughts...My intrusive thoughts were actually the cause of most of my worst binge drinking episodes.   I was just chasing peace and quiet for my mind as hard as I could...I too am a visual artist and I find a lot of artists tend to suffer intrusive thoughts more than others for whatever reason...I wish you peace and strength in this struggle and please know you're not alone.
