-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yysli/growth_chart_milestone/

yesterday i went apartment hunting. my lease is up in april and i need a smaller less expensive place. trouble is my credit is not great. i make decent money and have been working hard on my debt but i am still paying for mistakes made in the past...i only lived in apartments where i knew the owner and a credit check was not necessary. but this time i wanted to branch out and actually apartment hunt. i wanted to make decisions not just live where i needed to live due to past circumstances. there was such a fear about scheduling to see places but i forced myself to power through. the worst thing that could happen is that i see a place i love and they reject the application. ..the confidence i have is subtle but effective and present. i not only saw three apartments but i even applied for one. and guess what? they called last night to tell me the adorable apartment was all mine. how cool is that?! ..drinking i would have shuffled around not lifting my head high enough to fight for myself or for what i want for my future. but sober squid is sending off security deposits and booking moving companies. drinking i would have not started working on my debt. drinking i would have struggled to imagine where the money for a mover would come...this may seem like such a tiny victory for some - viewing an apartment in a big city filled to the brim with apartments is hardly a triathlon but yesterday was huge and i am really proud. ..also shout out to u/Papi_Queso for the meditation advice. i am on a 32 consecutive streak and i can see such a difference. thanks papi!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats dear Squid on SO many counts! You took the initiative got up your confidence and you took an amazing step. And by doing this look where it got you:..&gt;they called last night to tell me the adorable apartment was all mine. how cool is that?! ..Your OWN place! Your SOBER! You're making sobriety your priority and reaping the rewards. Simply beautiful gilr I'm soooo f'ing proud of you!!!!!! Can't wait to hear all bout your adorable apartment. It's going to be so cool decorating and settling in! YAY!!! Much Love Peace and Happiness In Your New Home &lt;3
That sounds amazing and definitely NOT a tiny victory.  Congratulations on the new apartment   
Awesome update!!!  Congrats on the new place and the new lease on life!
