-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z0ws6/boyfriends_parents_dont_approve/

Hey guys I'm not sure if this would be more appropriate for r/relationships or this community but I thought you would all maybe have a bit more insight for me. My boyfriend and I have been dating a year and a half now our relationship is pretty great for the most part. However my drinking had become more and more of a problem as of recently things really imploded over the holiday season (I hate the Christmas holidays and went a little overboard with partying). Long story short he spent his first Christmas away from his own family to stay with me and spend the holidays with my family in another town. I drank excessively  several times over the holidays and every time I would black out and say really rude nasty things to him that I don't remember and don't actually think when I'm sober. I feel horrible for it and realize what I said was unacceptable and abusive. That's not who I am as a person when I'm sober and I'm disgusted with myself for ever saying that to him. Anyway I realized what I did couldn't happen again and stopped drinking about a month ago. I haven't drank since Jan 24. I thought things were okay with us when we got back to our regular schedule in the town we both live in together but after about 2 weeks of me being sober he revealed to me that he couldn't get over what I had said to him and he was having a hard time forgiving me. I was supposed to go with him to his home town for a family event last weekend but we broke up and he went without me. He told his family (who he is very close to) everything. His mom dad and sister. I'm also very close to them and value their opinions. His mother obviously didn't think what I did was okay but she understands that I'm making an effort to not drink anymore and thinks it doesn't reflect me as a person. His father and sister on the other hand think otherwise. They like me as a person but they don't feel he should be with me. His sister doesn't want us to get back together at all and no longer speaks to me. From his fathers own personal experiences with alcoholics in his family he told my boyfriend that no matter how long I am sober or how long I go without having a drink I'll always go back to it at some point in my life and he doesn't think I'm good for him because of the way I treat him when I get drunk. I'm really discouraged and sad he has such little faith in me and that he doesn't think my qualities as a girlfriend the other 99% of the time when I'm sober outweigh those awful drunken events I so regret happening. I treat my boyfriend like gold when I'm sober and he treats me amazing as well. We live together and it's going extremely well. He's my best friend and I really don't want to lose him over my stupid mistakes. I'm trying so hard to not drink I've had issues drinking since I was a teen. I'm only 22 and I think I'm in a good place to stop this problem before it starts to really take over my life. I don't crave alcohol or miss it it's just whenever I drink I cannot stop until I blackout and pass out. And I know I just can't drink. Ever. I'm trying to stay positive and focus on bettering myself so I can be a good girlfriend and prove to his family that that's not me but part of me thinks they'll never approve of me after that. I'm heartbroken his family thinks less of me. I'm wondering if anyone else has similar experiences and how they are able to deal with the opinions of family/friends? And do you guys think his father is right that we're all just destined to relapse? I don't know what to think and I have no one else to talk to about this. Sorry for the long post. 
----------immediate responses--------

My marriage was destroyed by my verbal abuse while drunk and I haven't seen my exes family since the breakup (we were married 25 years). You might be able to rebuild trust but it will take time and maybe a long time. As for the second point though after about 5 years of sobriety recovered alcoholics return to baseline and are no more likely to have problems with alcohol than the general population. Long term sobriety is hard but achievable. Good luck!
My heart breaks for you - I think it's really unfair to be judged so harshly when you are clearly remorseful committed to change showing wisdom about your relationship with alcohol that it took me another 15 years of catastrophes to figure out.......You are not  destined  to relapse. None of us are. Once the penny dropped for me that it was the first drink not the 5th or the 10th that fired up my blood and made me chase the buzz all night I finally woke up to the truth. No drinks or all the drinks there is no in between. That truth makes it so simple to stay sober! ..We have a choice. Every day we have a sober choice. One day at a time. All you can do is keep making that choice FOR YOU. And if other people can't/won't understand that's on them don't let it drag you down. You sound like a good person. You deserve to be happy! Nobody's perfect I just wish more people remembered that! I hope your boyfriend can find a little understanding and compassion. He'll make mistakes too someday......I wish you well and I will not drink with you today.
I don't think every alcoholic just relapses. Every single person's experience and relapse or not (some people don't relapse) are different. I do know personally more 7 people from one AA meeting I go to that all have over 20 years one has 30. Which is good enough for me.
All alcoholics have stories just like this. We hurt the ones we love the most. All you can do is keep your side of the street clean. Keep focusing on bettering yourself and no matter what the outcome you will be better off. You can't control how they feel act or act but you can keep doing the next right thing. Personally I didn't get the girl back I wanted. Too much damage was done. But today I'm the kind of person that deserves a high quality partner and can maintain a relationship without drunken wreckage..In regards to inevitably drinking: lots of people stay sober the rest of their lives (one day at a time). The meetings I attend regularly have people picking up 20+ yr chips. One group in particular has a crew that all got sober in their twenties. Now they are in their forties and fifties with wives and children that have never seen them drunk. Sounds like your bfs father may have some negative experiences with alcoholics in his past. And that's ok. He's entitled to his feelings. His feelings aren't facts though. They also aren't your problem or concern. Focus on you. Keep your side of the street clean. Don't drink no matter what. Whatever the outcome is it will be better if they out stay sober.
My marriage was destroyed by my alcoholic wife. She too would get drunk and say the most horrible things to me. When I would mention anything about the things she said she would get mad and yell "I'm fucking sorry" then quickly continue to say more horrible things. I know that a real apology and some work on changing that dynamic would have gone a real long way with me but an alcoholic only changes when THEY want to. Good luck! I hope you can repair the damage.
I could only successfully quit drinking when I made the decision for myself. Not for anybody else. Once I was convinced that I needed to stop I was motivated to take the steps needed to live sober
You are so young! you will succeed in stopping because your will is on it.  I destroyed my marriage of 16 years my 2 daughters where 14 and 17 when the 3 left me..even my own family was tired and sick of my drinking they had it with me even though I was blood! I was drinking with a death wish 24/7 and the remorse and guilt from loosing family was tremendous. ..EVERYBODY said with utmost certainty: "no way this mess of a man will make it" he is beyond repair by the way on my last 3 months I was on Delirium "hell on earth" Tremens fase. I stopped and this is almost 6 years later:..1.- Recovered my health transformed my body through lifting..2.- Recovered my family s respect and admiration..3.- My ex wife remarried and I have and excellent relationship with both of them. Example: this past holidays we all went 2 weeks skiing to Mammoth CA.4.- after 2 years sober my 2 daughters gave me the greatest of gifts they came and lived with me for 4 years! I was able to take care of them full time with quality and quantitylike a responsible father and that opportunity cured my soul...after that I send them to Paris to boarding school and now one is studying college and living in Los Angeles and the other one lives in Copenhague..5.- My business grew and is still growing and since I am an investor I work a couple of hours a day so lots of time for hobbies..6.- I live alone but not because nobody loves me but because on my first sober years when I cried a river I learned to love myself and enjoy my own company so ever since I prefer the freedom but thats just me ;).Nothing came easy but it all started with stopping to drink. This drinking thing WILL ruin you if you dont stop. Your focus should be on that! everything else is SO secondary SAVE YOURSELF! Good luck!
Christ that's a tough situation to be in. You're committed to change don't let others derail that with their doubts. I'm fully behind you. His father isn't right when he says that you'll be destined to return to alcohol at some point. I'm sure he had very negative experiences with alcoholics but not all our stories are the same. Please don't listen to that type of negative talk keep your head held high and look after yourself. You may never be able to change their opinion of you but you can aim to live the best life for you. Xx
Take the father's warning with a grain of salt. Many people maintain sobriety long term. Those who relapse after several years still have more time sober than the general population. It's not like everything is lost instantly.  .  Lastly you are young. You have time to get your shit together if you start moving now.
