-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z1bp8/time_to_confess/

Just to make it clear I am sober right now. The problem is that I had a couple of drinks yesterday. I fucked up yet again. Right now I'm trying to figure out what happened this time and I have some theories. First let's look at the good things that I've been doing. I've been going to AA meetings at least twice a week. I have a sponsor. I go to a therapist at least once a month. I've even chaired some AA meetings which is laughable at this moment. Actually I take that back. Doing a service was empowering. Now let's look at the bad things that I did that led to this. My wife went out of town for a couple of days and miraculously I stayed sober for those two days. The thing that I did wrong was I holed myself up in my house and wallowed in self pity rather than calling my sponsor a friend a friend from AA or anyone. I was being a dry drunk. Instead of going for a walk going to a meeting or any of the great things that were taught to me about living a clean life I laid around feeling sorry for myself. Now here are more good things about the situation because if I don't learn anything from this I'll be in a living hell like I was before. My wife didn't have to beat it out of me this time. I called and told her. This is not my normal behavior and it sucked. The only good thing is that now I'm not also a liar on top of relapsing. I called my sponsor. Tomorrow I confess to my AA group that I've become close to that I have relapsed. I'm not gong to give up. I'm going to an Adult Children of Alcoholics meeting tomorrow to learn how to have self esteem. I'm going to an AA meeting in the morning. I'm going to take my medicine. This pattern has to stop. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you know exactly what you need to be doing right now!.Not drinking with you!!
Its a bitch but they'll take you back. They might put you on coffee duty or something but I am sure they'll take you back. ..I should have checked out ACA when I quit but never did. Hope it helps. 
Sometimes I feel like a level one monk fighting a gelatinous cube.
It's a bumpy road but you're on it. You know what you need to do and you are doing it. It might not be easy in fact I know it's not. But you can and will do it...I will not drink with you today.
Awesome!
Takes a lot of courage to confess to your AA group and your wife I'm sure...But it sounds like you're doing the right thing.  I can tell from the tone of your writing that you're serious and determined to get back on track.  And that's a good thing...IWNDWYT
You are right in doing what you are doing. I have failed many times but so far I have almost made 3 weeks. I will not drink with you today!
