-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z2dl9/taking_the_first_steps/

Warning this is going to probably be long. I'm sorry I just need to get it out. ..I just called my primary care physician and made an appointment for next Tuesday to talk to her about how to quit drinking. I've read quite a few posts while browsing the interwebs that say you shouldn't go cold turkey on your own. I'm a pretty heavy drinker (I guess) I can go though five fifths in a week easy. I've never tried to stop so I'm not sure what I'm in for but I know if I go for 48 hours without alcohol now I start feeling weird and crappy. ..Funny thing is I wasn't always this bad. It's only been over the last couple years that I started getting blackout drunk all of the time. I've always been a binge drinker but I used to limit it to once every few weeks and then it got to be once or twice a week and now I'm passed out every single night with a drink in my hand. ..I know I'm self medicating because of a shit-ton of stress but it's gotten out of hand. I have to drink now just to feel  normal  and I know it's a problem. I've gained a ton of weight I don't sleep well and I'm angry and depressed all of the time. I can't focus or function and I just need help. I'm just plodding through life right now. I can't remember the last time I had energy or the feeling of joy and it's scary. ..I've been the sole caretaker of my 74 year old mother for several years now. She has severe COPD and is completely dependent on me. She's on oxygen 24/7 and can barely walk to the bathroom without getting out of breath. She doesn't drive anymore. I do all of her grocery shopping pick up her prescriptions get her mail from the P.O. box pick up cigarettes take her to her many doctors appointments each month which is a struggle in and of itself with moving her the oxygen machine and maneuvering the wheelchair. It's not that I'm resentful because I'm not I love the lady to death but I'm just so overwhelmed and exhausted. I'm depressed I cry for absolutely no reason all of the time. I just wish I had some help sometimes. I have a brother who lives out of state and is a drug addict so he's no help. My other brother just passed away last year from an alcoholism related medical issue and he was never around. It's just mom and I now and I'm so alone. ..Thank god that Sunday is the only night of the week I don't drink because she's always had medical emergencies on Sunday for some reason. Last year it was she fell down and broke some ribs which punctured her lung. Last month it was a heart attack and I was able to drive at meet her at the OR. I can't imagine what would have happened if the paramedics would have called on a night I'd been drinking. It causes me retro guilt. ..I'm single. I work over 40 hours a week and after work I run errands for my mom or cook for her or clean her home and then I come home to my own house and drink for a couple hours before falling asleep and then I wake up and repeat the same routine. I'm just going through the motions right now and sometimes secretly hope that I'll accidentally overdose on my sleeping meds and won't wake up...It's been building up to this for awhile but something just broke in me today. Things have got to change because I just can't do this anymore. ..Sorry for the word vomit. I just had to get it all out or I was going to explode. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Well friend you've correctly identified that you have a drinking problem. That really is a critical step. You've decided to involve a doctor this is a good idea. I wish that I would have thought to do that when I was drinking...Listen to your doctor. I'm sure he or she will discuss a variety of options that may help you...My advice would be to not think of this job of getting sober as a thing that has only one solution. Use all of the tools that you can. Psychiatrist AA meditation inpatient care everything and anything that helps you stay off the booze is fair right and proper. Do what you need to do and you'll get to live again.
I can't do I patient care I just have too many responsibilities. Although I wish I could it would be so nice to focus on just me for a minute. ..And I'm actually looking forward to AA meetings. I've been trying to find a support group for adult caretakers in Alaska for a long time now and this may align well with that. ..Thank you so much for the response. It's really nice to reach out and have someone who knows what I'm going through answer. It's a little light in the darkness that's become my life. 
[removed]
I get it. Been there in the dark in Alaska too. Are you on the road system? I had a good group in Fairbanks that I went to regularly until I left the state a couple of years ago.
I did outpatient although there was no reason I could not have done impatient. I ALSO did AA. About 125 meetings in the first 90 days which included 7 days on the high seas. ..I totally understand the need to be there for your mom. One thing I might suggest is hospice care or respite care. I will take a little of the strain off and probably be good for her to have new people around. My dad had a man come talk to him a couple times a week and was delighted that someone came. ..Best of luck. And I agree do what the dr says. ..IWNDWYT 
