-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z7dkp/sobriety_spirituality_religion_and_this_guy_a/

I am going to apologize in advance. I am not exactly sure where this post will go. It's a stream of thought that's been running through my head for about the last month or so the result of feeling pressure from my family to have my daughter baptized. I've had a life-long struggle with religion and God. It seems that I am not alone in this struggle. I've seen quite a few posts others who are concerned about attending AA because of the perception that AA and the 12 steps have a heavy religious focus. We say AA is not for me because I don't believe in God. I've never been to AA but from what I know AA is not about God it's about recovery. AA is successful because it recognizes that healthy belief systems are an important part of recovery. My sobriety has required me to take a harder look at what I believe and why I believe it...For me sobriety has become a journey to be the best me I can be. To me this has meant improving my physical and mental health. Improving my physical health has been relatively easy. Simply by not drinking my physical body is already reaping the benefits; losing weight better sleep no more crippling hangovers and no more lingering pain in the area that I am pretty sure houses my liver. I've even managed to start working out again. I think I even did 25 push-ups in a row the other morning...Certainly abstaining from alcohol alone has benefitted my mental health. I haven't had a panic attack since October and my general anxiety has decreased overall. I didn't know until recently that drinking alcohol seriously messes with the ability of my prescribed anxiety meds to do their job. In fact since sobering up my anxiety has decreased so much I am seriously considering consulting with my doctor about decreasing my meds...Even with these great improvements my mental health still requires some serious work; the kind of work that is deep and personal and really fucking hard. In fact I started writing this out on Reddit thinking it was going to be a quick post but soon I realized that this topic was too complex for me to untangle in one sitting (ultimately this took me 5 days to write)...What I do know is that while I was drinking I often felt morally bankrupt. Not because I was out committing egregious crimes against humanity but because I felt like the only thing I believed in was my own failure and the propensity of the world to perpetuate its own fucked up sickness. There is a saying that you have to stand for something or you will fall for anything. I didn't really know what I stood for or if it was even worth believing in...Drunk me spent a lot of time worrying. I worried a lot about what I was or more frequently was not doing with my life. I worried about my kids and felt as if I was failing to equip them with the necessary tools required to navigate this world successfully. I was pretty sure I was raising a bunch of self- absorbed millennial assholes. Drunk me was not the best at establishing routine and consistency. Drunk me was horrible at establishing and enforcing order in my home boundaries were squishy at best and it seemed like everything was negotiable. In my condition building a good strong moral and spiritual foundation for my family was next to impossible. The only value I was instilling in my kids was low impulse control and the constant search for instant gratification. For example my beer's gone; watch how quick I can get to the fridge!..So here I am sober and I am confronted with the decision to have my daughter baptized. If there was ever a time in my life to examine my values beliefs and spirituality this is it...I've never considered myself a "religious" person. I was raised in the Methodist church; baptized confirmed the whole bit. However since leaving my parents' home at 18 I've probably been to synagogue as often as I have been to church (after seriously considering converting to Judaism while I was in university) I've explored Islam and read the Quran in my free time and Buddhism-focused recovery has been a big part of my sobriety. I've spent a decent portion of my life exploring different religions at least enough to convince myself that I am not exactly an atheist. However all of my beliefs are not easily contained in any type of religion that I have ever studied...I've always been a contemplative and serious person even when I was a kid. While I was going through confirmation I had some serious questions about the very foundations of Christianity and felt conflicted about making such a serious commitment without trying to get answers for my questions. I remember meeting with my pastor right before my confirmation. In this meeting he showed me a picture of a bridge spanning two banks. The bank on the left side of the bridge symbolized non-belief and the bank on the right side of the bridge symbolized full acceptance as Jesus as your savior. He asked me to show him where I was at on the bridge. Not wanting to seem like a complete lost cause and in my own backwards attempt at not trying to offend him I indicated that I was somewhere on the right side of the bridge but not firmly standing on the bank of righteousness. He asked me what needed to happen to get me to the other side. I didn't know what to say. He tried to reassure me but it didn't work. To my pastor the only problem it seemed was my lack of faith. ..About a week prior to meeting with my pastor I told my mom that I did not believe in God. She wasn't exactly mad in fact she validated some of what I was feeling. She seemed to believe that this was all a normal part of the process and that eventually everything would fall into place and make sense. She told me regardless of how I was feeling right now I needed to be confirmed or I would break my grandmother's heart. She seriously under estimated my propensity to over analyze everything and in placing my grandmother's cardiac health in my hands I felt duty bound to be confirmed. However this acceptance did not stop me from asking questions...Confirmation was supposed to be a time of learning and ultimately voluntarily and confidently making a fully informed confirmation of the decision to commit my life to Christ. My path to confirmation was not turning into spiritual enlightenment and clarity the outcome seemed inevitable that I would be confirmed regardless. It was the rule. My misgivings were dismissed as lack of faith and were not capitalized upon as an opportunity to explore different interpretations of the Christian religion. Not even the most qualified Christian theologist I knew (my pastor) could answer my questions in a way that gave me any satisfaction. I knew faith was an important part of Christianity; but it was starting to feel like blind faith was a convenient way to answer serious questions.  The most effective way to get me to disengage from meaningful discourse is telling me to believe something without questioning. ..I was so serious in exploring Christianity that I felt compelled to talk with my friends about their relationship with religion and their understanding of God. Like me many of my friends had serious doubts. They helped validate what I was feeling the questions I had were common. If these questions were so ordinary why were they so hard to answer? I needed a perspective from my peers that was not identical to mine. I decided in order to get a deeper understanding of faith I needed to have a conversation with some kids at my school who I was certain had perceptions of God and religion that were vastly different to my own. ..We were on a bus traveling back home from a soccer match. Some kids were talking about religion and it was a perfect time for me to interject my thoughts and concerns in order to get some feedback. I was nervous I felt like I was revealing something flawed about myself. They were all very self-assured in their beliefs. I nervously postulated for their consideration What if all major monotheistic religions were right? What if there was a powerful cosmic being that created the world and loved people for being good people? In my estimation faith was not really a necessary part of the equation. Whether you believed in God or not what mattered was being a good person. All major religions were merely a framework to guide us in achieving righteousness while on earth and if we adhered to those principles we would be granted a peaceful eternal afterlife...Hell I thought that sounded pretty damn good to me. It made some sense in my head. It also solved the primary problem I was having with Christianity that the only way to heaven was through Jesus and the belief that he was God's son. I was pretty sure I had solved this whole equation. All I really needed was for someone to tell me that I was right...After revealing my hypothesis to say that they looked at me like I was absolutely batshit crazy would be an understatement. They contended that everything I said was wrong impossible. I don't know what I was expecting but I remember being surprised that this interpretation did not gain traction with a single person present. But why?..When I was 19 I came out as transgender. The first soul I told in my family was my dog Winston (big ol' Mastiff) because I knew he would love me no matter what. He represented a kind of unconditional love that I knew nowhere else. (I mean my parents loved me to be sure but was their love so unconditional that they could accept who I was even though it went against everything they were ever told and taught? The answer is yes but for them it took a lot of time). The relationship with my dog was simple.  I was good to him and he was good to me. When I came out to him he wasn't fazed. He just wagged his tail and put his head on my shoulder. He had no outside frame of religious reference for which to judge me. Man I loved that dog. ..In contrast the first human I came out to in my family was my aunt. For some reason I thought she would be the most receptive and supportive. After mustering all of the courage and strength I could I told her. She told me "God doesn't make mistakes." If you are wondering that's probably the worst thing you can tell a transgender person who is trying to come out to you. ..I said "you're right God doesn't make mistakes. I am not a mistake and being transgender is not a mistake. I am exactly the way God intended me to be."..Both of these interactions say more about people than it says about God. These scenarios laid bare my struggle with religion. Humans had interpreted religion as being something inflexible. Somewhere along the way religion became rigid and exclusionary. Religion united tribes of like-minded people but created an  other  in anyone who challenged or threatened that belief system. My struggle with religion was that there was no room for interpretation. You had to accept everything or nothing. Either you were with the program or you weren't. You get a pass to heaven or damned to hell.  ..What about my Jewish and Muslim friends? ..What about my gay friends?..What about me?..What about my unbaptized baby?..I want my kids to have a spiritual foundation but I don't want to choose for them. I don't want them to feel compelled or obligated to believe exactly what I believe. ..Do I believe in God? No not exactly. I mean at least not in a conventional way. Frankly the debate about whether or not God exists seems unimportant to me. I am going to live my life the same way regardless if I believe God exists or not. I aim to live a virtuous life that is a genuine reflection of my true nature. I know that when I deviate from good intentions and loving kindness- I feel bad guilty. I suffer and those around me suffer. I aspire to be wise patient mindful and kind. I aspire to do good work and help those around me. If God exists then I will be judged upon how I led my life when I leave this world. I am okay with that...Here are a few things I do and do not believe. ..I don't believe in creationism. ..I believe that nature is beautiful and we are exceptionally lucky that we have such an awesome place to live. Where did the earth come from? I don't know but I know that it is here. All matter that is present and surrounds us today has existed since the creation of the universe.  In a way both you and I have always existed to some extent and will always continue to exist. Through this we are all connected to each other and the earth it's a part of us and we are a part of it. I know this because when I am in nature I can feel my spirit lift. I can feel a connection to everything around me. I feel at peace. I believe we have a responsibility to the earth to protect and conserve it. ..I don't believe in all of the ten commandments...I believe in justice and equality and in the inherent worth of all living things. As a human I have an obligation to seek justice and equality for all humans. I respect life. I believe in the golden rule: Treat others how you would like to be treated. In active alcoholism I was a liar. I lied to myself and to those around me. I thought the lies I was telling were harmless but I see now that each lie causes suffering for me and for those around me. I am aware of this pain and it drives me to strive for honesty in my actions...I don't believe in heaven and hell...Paradise sounds nice but I am not sure that eternal life is something I would even want. ..I do not need the threat of hell to be good. I believe that most people are good and do not need the threat of hell to live positive and righteous lives. I feel good when I am compassionate and caring towards others it is my true nature. It motivates me to do more good work. To deviate from this causes unnecessary suffering...I don't believe in an afterlife in the conventional way..Before I existed I had no consciousness; I assume that death is like that. However after I have lived I will leave a legacy to all of those who knew me who continue to live on earth. My memory will be with them for the rest of their lives...Since all matter has always existed since the inception of the universe part of me will always continue to live on physically as well. I don't entirely discount the idea of re-incarnation. As a kid I always had really vivid dreams of piloting a plane in World War Two. I have always felt a strange and strong connection to that era. I sometimes wonder if my past life has influenced my gender in this life. ..I believe in the power of positive thinking and actions...I don't pray but I talk to those who have passed on and I think about living people often. I hope for them to find the courage and strength they need to get through hardships in their lives. I tell people that I am sending them thoughts of comfort and strength when times are tough. I believe that supporting other people with the power of positive thinking can and does have tangible positive physical effects. ..Even though I don't believe in the afterlife I often find myself looking to those who came before me for strength and guidance. In my sobriety I often talk to my grandmother. While she was living she worried about me frequently. Her experience with an alcoholic father made her particularly adept at sensing trouble in this area. I never got it together while she was alive. I hope she is proud of the path I have chosen and in the work that I am doing. ..The world is my  church ..Attending community worship is central in major monotheistic religions. Communities of like-minded people have power. They create support structures for their members and reinforce the values and beliefs of the community. I struggle to attend church because often I find that I do not agree with the entirety of the messages that are conveyed. ..The world is my church. In the world I encounter people from all walks of life. In the world opportunities to learn grow and practice the acts that fill my soul and build my spirit are constantly brought before me. ..My sobriety has really reignited my passion for studying and interpreting human beliefs and spirituality. I believe everyone's spiritual journey is truly unique to their experiences. Life is a strange teacher and there is no way I can experience life in the exact same way as someone else. ..What is the meaning of life?..In this life we must grow learn and help. We are a human community and we are here for eachother...In the darkest depths of my alcoholism I took to drinking because I could not see a reason to do anything else. The world was fucked and I was one person. What could I possibly do? I could drink and I could forget. At least I thought I could. My true nature could never accept that. I could not accept bucking my obligation to help even in some small way to reduce the suffering in the world. In ignoring this obligation a whole of suffering opened up inside me the result of this dissonance between what I was doing and what I was obligated to do. To solve this problem I had to drop alcohol so I could pick myself up and lift up those around me. Right away I thought what a terrible burden. Why should I be responsible for ending not just my own suffering but the suffering of others? I was so wrong. The joy and satisfaction I get from loving myself and those around me is worth more than booze could have ever given me. ...In my sobriety I often like to say that good things beget other good things. Essentially what I mean is that when I make good choices it leads me to other good choices and it seems to be contagious to those around us. In October I decided to put down alcohol for good that one good decision has led me to so many other good things. By doing good things we reduce our own suffering and the suffering of those around us. Its not hard or burdensome at all. I am doing what I was meant to do. Nothing is more rewarding or motivating that a purpose fulfilled. .So for my children- I need to stay sober. I need to be able to exemplify the values and beliefs that I hold near and dear to my soul. I will teach them and I will give them the information they need to make their own decisions. When they have questions I will answer them. When they do wrong I will correct them. Most of all I will love them and I will encourage them to share their love and kindness with others after all that is what we were set on this earth to do..
----------immediate responses--------

This was really thoughtful thank you for taking the time to type it out. .
This is gorgeous thank you...I was raised sorta-humanist without religion I raise my kids sorta-humanist without religion...In my teens I recall a friend screaming at me demanding to know how I dare claim any kind of possession of an ethical compass how dare I attempt to move through life mimicking the actions of the spiritually righteous. Today a supply teacher confronted my teenage daughter about her project on LGBT+  rights with some bullshit threatening bigoted lies dressed up as "debate". He disparaged single mothers the very notion of equal rights and attempted to body shame her...Both of these men claim to be of faith men of god. ..Beautiful messages get lost in translation.
Thanks for writing this!..I've been on a semi-similar line of enquiry. My family's religious background is Anglican and Baptist but my parents both gave up religion as young adults and I was raised without religious beliefs and to be honest never really thought about religion until I got sober and started asking *what's the purpose of life?*..As a part of my sobriety I've been spending a lot of time reading and have often found myself standing in front of the Religious section at my library simply because I am curious and feel like there may be some insightful wisdom on the shelf.  ..The lack of deities in Buddhism holds an appeal for me because I've rejected the idea of there being a god/goddess for my entire life. That said I can get down with the Advaita Vedanta take on Brahman (Brahman is me Brahman is you Brahman is that rock)...The Buddhist Eightfold path and 4 Noble Truths are both things I am putting into practice. And in so many ways helping me not drink which is making me a more compassionate caring and thoughtful person. Do I consider myself a Buddhist? No but maybe someday. For now I'm still in the process of learning about other religions and philosophies.
