-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z8khh/just_wanted_to_say_hi_and_introduce_myself/

I'm a 32 year old mother to a toddler and I've been really struggling with sobriety. I've lived with depression since childhood and my depression played a leading role in my twenties impacting my schooling (dropped out of college) and my social circle (people can't unsee seeing me at my worst). I used to cut myself and successfully quit years ago. Last time was maybe 2012? I'm actually super proud of that but it's not socially acceptable to brag about. lol I've been a stoner and a drinker since I was 18/19 and even though I did it daily it never felt like a *problem.* ..Being pregnant was a blessing. My husband and I have a loving relationship and we very much wanted to start a family. I've always wanted to be a mother and I'm very fortunate to be a more evolved version of myself by the time my son came along (my son's lucky too in that respect!). ..It was a huge struggle for me to stay sober when I was pregnant. It's so hard to say that but it's true. It was not easy but I did it. Once he was born and I was in the throws of babyhood I *needed* and *deserved* a glass of wine or two after such a hard day! But they're all hard days. And just one becomes just two which becomes the whole fucking bottle. I can no longer have just one. "Just one" is "at least three." Or if I have one and I'm craving more I can smoke a little pot to satisfy that itch -- but that's obviously really fucking unsustainable long term. It's crazy how much my brain rationalizes that but writing it out I can see how incredibly awful that is. I do want to clarify that I do stick to parameters I've set about smoking so that he's exposed to absolutely none of it. And I don't need help feeling like I'm letting my son down. But even with my parameters in place and I'm waiting until it's safe for me to indulge I'm completely on edge and I rationalize that well he can't inhale the alcohol in this beer which I can just sip on over this next hour. Well 40 minutes is close enough. ..I feel like a fucking mess and I feel so alone in my head. I actually picked sobriety as a Lenten sacrifice although I'm not especially religious since adulthood. I've been doing okay but I've slipped up twice. The first time started with a beer on a date night with my husband. It turned into three beers and bottle of wine. I outdrank him and continued to drink by myself after he fell asleep. It was actually the first time in a long while that I experienced a hangover. Yesterday I figured I could finish the bottle that was leftover. I wish I had just poured it out because I ended up feeling super ashamed that I was tipsy in the afternoon when I had zero reason for it (like say a date night). ..Today I felt like drinking after interacting with my mother; I just felt so lonely and invisible after talking to her. I noticed that I was starting down the rabbit hole of rationalizing why I needed a drink and figured I'd get to know you lovely people in stead. ..Thanks to anyone who reads what I wrote. It's kind of scary to write it all out but it helps so much to see it. 
----------immediate responses--------

We all find excuses to drink. And none of them are good ones! LOL. Even if your having a good day you drink to celebrate! It all gets back to the same old stepping stone. We get really f-up and do something stupid or even worse something you can't remember. Be strong in your conviction and I will not drink with you today!
This could be me typing all of that out. Word for word. Except I'm more of a beer girl lol. Seriously though one of the biggest things for me was knowing I wasn't alone. It's not just me being broken. It's real for a lot of people. It's hard and it sucks at times but so far it has been pretty worth it. It's early on still and even typing this now I have an urge to get a drink but I keep picturing my son's face and how excited he'll be to go on our nightly walk when I get home. And being here helps a lot. I started reading This Naked Mind which so far is great! It's made alcohol go from looking like the elixir of life to just what it is poison. Anyway just rambling this craving away lol. There's badges you can get to keep up with your sober time if that's something you're interested in. Good luck! 
Being a mom is hard and every day is a challenge.  I put myself through a lot of self flagellation about drinking to the point of being truly unrealistic.  I think that it is a special plight of being a mom and struggling this way.  I was so hard on myself.  Now that I have stopped drinking I think I am a better mom because even if I am not saying it out loud thinking terrible thoughts about myself is not a state I want to be in while around my children.  So even while sober I wasn't who I wanted to be because I was berating myself internally.  I don't miss the hangovers and I adore my sleep so very much.  I thought your post was very thoughtful and honest.  Half of solving a problem is naming it.  You did it.  IWNDWYT
You are not alone.  There are a great many mothers who have a similar experience with alcohol and depression myself among them.  I am right there with you dealing with the same things you are.  I've realized I've used alcohol to self-medicate my depression for decades.  I've also fallen prey to the "mommy needs wine" culture which normalizes consumption of alcohol by moms as a coping mechanism. Honestly I wish that culture would cease to exist and I hope it will as more people shine a light on it's not a cute coping mechanism and is fact an addiction for many of us.   ..You're taking a big step by posting here and by recognizing the problems.  Welcome.  I will not drink with you today. 
Nobody here is to judge anyone we all have struggles and we know it is not about our kids or family or friends or whatever it  is about us. So don't worry about being judge I can't recall any judgemental comment at all on this community...SD is an awesome community. I got 6 months sober thanks to all sobernauts their comments and their stories. Then I relapse but I'm back on track and so are you. If you want to stop drinking you got this and you are not alone.
