-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7z955e/i_dont_understand_why_i_feel_the_need_to_drink/

I've posted here before and was unsuccessful in trying to stop. .I'm happy with my life. I'm not depressed or angry. I love my life and everything in it. Yet I can't kick the drinking habit. .It's not as bad as it could be I don't get drunk often. I don't spend my savings on booze. We get the bills paid and I go to work on time and do the chores and keep her happy. .But I'm afraid of what this can become if I keep drinking. I know if I keep on this path it'll get to a point where I'll ruin everything else that I love in my life. My problem is that I like drinking. I like having a beer after work. But it can't ever be just one. .I know the solution and it's to just not get more beer. Everyday at work I get super motivated. I tell myself  I'm not drinking today I don't want it I don't need it  but the second I get out of work that's the very first thing I do. My mind switches gears. .To anyone who doesn't struggle with a drinking problem this must sound silly. Like it's obvious and very clear to just not get beer. But I know you guys understand. And I really hope you have insight and advice for me. .I want to be my old self again and not rely on beer to relax after work. I used to come home and just turn on the PS4 or light an incense and watch tv. Now all of my old habits are tied into beer. .Thanks in advance friends. .Edit: The thing I'm upset about the most about my drinking is I've gained weight. I'm a 24 year old guy and I've always been thin and fit. But in the past year I've put on 45 lbs. all in my gut and hips. I feel gross with my shirt off even around my Fianc e. I know it's from all the extra calories from drinking. I'd feel so much better about myself if I quit drinking and went to the gym to work it off. 
----------immediate responses--------

 I'm not drinking today I don't want it I don't need it ..I used to tell myself similar things - but I was lying to myself. What I should have been saying was "I do want it" - "I will have more than one" - "I won't know when to stop."..Admitting that to myself helped generate the motivation to confront this head on...Then I read the SMART Recovery Handbook did all the exercises and concurrently read This Naked Mind and Kick the Drink... Easily...Those things along with doing the CBT from the SMART book and sharing on here really honestly have been changing my attitude to alcohol at last to the point where I actively disdain the idea of drinking. ..Some of this might help you but getting ACTIVE in my own change rather than just really wanting it to happen seems to have made a huge difference. ..Congrats on posting and sharing by the way not easy I know...IWNDWYT 
Welcome back :) I was where you were once. A good few years back I started thinking that I was drinking a little too much and perhaps I should cut back. But it wasn't affecting my life I wasn't overspending on booze and I liked it. Actually I loved drinking. I can't even pinpoint when it started to go properly downhill. But it did. And I wish that I'd stopped when I first thought I was drinking a bit too much. I would have saved a lot of upset for me and others. ..However you're now in a great position to do something positive before things get worse. You realise there's trouble brewing and you know you should curb your drinking. Why not take a 30-day break for starters? That will help you see the difference in bloating/weight that not drinking will bring. It will also help you get perspective on whether you want to cut down or just stop completely. Sadly moderation is not for me stopping at one or two is something I can't do nor did I ever want to do that after I'd started. My advice it is to be kind to yourself during your abstinence and try and do other things to take your mind off drinking. 
Part of it is biochemical. When you drink it affects the levels of neurotransmitters in your brain - including dopamine. Anything that releases dopamine triggers your brain to remember and come back to it more easily in the future. This is why you get dopamine rushes from things that are good for your survival like having sex or eating lots of calories (or running from predators). So even if you're not depressed or angry drinking is creating a memory pattern in your brain - that's part of why you get cravings. ..[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukFjH9odsXw) sums it up nicely - give it a watch when you have five minutes. The good news is that these dopamine-fueled patterns can be overwritten with enough time and effort so keep at it.
I don't know the answer but it has something to do with feeling our own time is as valuable as the time we give to the boss; a *responsibility to the inner boss* if you will. With work the value is simple to find - it's a paycheck. If we f@*k up we no longer get paid. With our personal lives we need to find the equivalent "paycheck" and value it as highly as money (or more so).
&gt;I like having a beer after work.  But it can't ever be just one...I finally understood the quote  First I take a drink.  Then my drink takes a drink.  Then the drink takes me. ..Sober me can  decide  to have one drink...However there are millions of people for whom after the first drink the alcohol *inside me then makes the decisions*...I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One...Then the rest takes care of itself.
Try not to think of it as forever else it feels very overwhelming. One day at a time works much better and has worked for me and others on here. As the days stack up it does get easier. ..I think you're on the right track with activities to take your mind off it. At times I went to bed stupidly early as I was so irritated and frustrated by choosing not to drink. But it worked I didn't drink. You can do this :)
