-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zefl2/mixed_feelings_and_a_question_for_perspective/

So Yesterday i wrote this in my journal:.."Today has been a real boring one feeling empty i hope this doesn't last because fuck this also i'm sad"...Thats it. I told a friend about this and he told me to come to trusted SD with this and tell you about my yesterday...I got up at 1000 and started working on an animation here it is: .  https://imgur.com/gallery/F0qWm..Then i went into the city to stroll and windowshop its getting sunny outside again and i'm into that. Came home at 1600 and did some work for a client. I made 200 euros in 50 minutes yesterday. Ordered sushi ate sushi and watched a movie cleaned around the house lifted some weights said hi to my cat did laundry and went to bed at 01:50 not because i was tied but i was bored af and felt sad...So that was my day. My friend told me to tell you guys to get some perspective on a day like that. He said days like that are pretty great but still it feels empty or "boring" to me and i'm struggling with that...So could you give me some perspective on this? Is this in fact a boring day and should i improve on my days or is this just a regular normal day and should i get used to days like this? I'm seven months into this btw...Thanks guys..
----------immediate responses--------

A day I wake up on this side of the dirt is a good day..Kidding! Kind of. Feelings are not permanent they change all the time. We all have ups downs and in betweens. That's just life. Starting a meditation practice helped me to detach from those fleeting feelings and simply live in the "now" as much as possible. I can get a sense of joy from the smallest actions on a "good day" when I live in the now. Best wishes to you and congratulations on 7 months!
I love your surprised avocado dude!..Your productivity puts mine to shame I'd better pull my socks up.....My theory is that as addicts we get used to having huge un-earned rushes of dopamine at the swig of a bottle and doing 'normal' stuff doesn't really elicit the same effect so everything feels a bit flat... it takes a while for the brain's 'baseline' to reset I reckon.....Hang in there and keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
What Woody said and also you've been doing a ton of personal work and undergoing massive transformation for months and sometimes I swear my brain is just like "I'm full bye." It wouldn't matter what the day looked like--the better the day the greater my inability to connect with it. ..Then my brain comes back after a couple days with a suspicious suntan and smelling of cocoa butter and things are better again.
