-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zeqpw/we_had_to_say_goodbye_to_an_old_friend_yesterday/

A few weeks ago our chocolate lab Saba was diagnosed with bladder cancer at the age of 11. She wasn't feeling too well. The vet told us she may have a few weeks or a few months left. She was becoming incontinent and had pain in her hind quarters. My wife and I decided it was time. On Monday the weather was unusually warm and sunny for this time of year. My wife took her to a local pond where she loved to swim and fetch. Although she was in too much pain to swim out to get the tennis ball she enjoyed wading in the water along the shore eating gobs of peanut butter in the sunshine. The next day our veterinarian made a house call for the procedure. The weather was sunny and beautiful. We took her out on the back deck under the wind chimes where she passed away peacefully in my wife's arms. We laid her to rest under the big rhododendron bush in our back yard.    .After it was all over I had to ask myself *"Is this when I'm supposed to relapse?"*.Almost a year and a half ago my wife and I would have dealt with this experience under the fuzzy numbing blanket of alcohol. We would have drank in order to run away and escape from the sadness. Instead we allowed the grief and sorrow into our hearts unobstructed. It is so painful. So raw. It hurts.    .The journey to sobriety is hard. Dealing with raw emotions and learning how to embrace them with genuine curiosity and acceptance is something we must all learn how to do. Letting go of Saba was so painful but we wouldn't have wanted it any other way. Here are some pictures of Saba on her beautiful journey. We miss you sweet girl..https://imgur.com/a/UIzcC    .    ..Thanks for everything SD. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Aw.  **hug**.  You guys did good papi 
My heart goes out to you. She was a beautiful girl and I'm sure you gave her the best life. I will not drink with you today and I will hug my doggo nice and tight while we both hold Saba in our hearts. 
What a beauty! Looks like she had a wonderful life. I did something similar for my sweet boy when I had to let him go. I feel your pain. Unfortunately I used losing him as an excuse to drink to excess daily for another 7 months before I quit. It sure didn't help me deal with the pain. Good on you for staying present and grounded in your emotions. 
Awe Saba is so beautiful. I'm so sorry for you loss. Sounds like she has a lovely last day.   
Totally understand. We lost our sweet girl to bladder cancer some years ago. She was only 9. Dogs are so stoic they tend to hide pain. That said: well done on a dignified exit for your dear beautiful friend. You did it soberly with a clear mind and that's huge. Thank you Papi for all you do here. IWNDWYT
What a beautiful dog she was! I'm so sorry for you I understand the pain...Last October I had to make the same decision for my old guy. He was 11.5 years old and all but four months of his life was spent with me. He died in his safe spot in the house. I was sober for the week leading up to it and sober throughout. But I did succumb once the vet left and the house became so quiet. The numbing of the alcohol didn't help at all. It just delayed everything. I wish I'd been able to remain sober at that moment but at least I wasn't drunk while I was saying goodbye. ..I won't drink with you today   
Reading this really opened my heart. What a beautiful last day in this world you gave to your precious friend. There's nothing like just being able to grieve naturally. Damn those pets! I still dream vividly of my dear old cat companion of 16 years long gone to her next life now.
Sorry man. I'm proud of the way you handled it.  Thanks for sharing the photos of Saba.
Sorry to hear of your loss.  Thank you for sharing and best of luck on your continued sobriety!
So sorry. Sending you love
Big hugs from another lab owner. You've done the right thing for Saba and yourselves. What a beautiful dog. IWNDWYT xx
What a beautiful tribute to a beautiful dog. Well done. I hope the pain fades and you're comforted with all the lovely memories you made together. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry for your loss. It looks like she had a wonderful life and she left it peacefully surrounded by her family. 
What a really lovely doggy!  I'm so sorry for your loss. You have given doggy a wonderful home and life - and you were brave and kind enough to realise when she was starting to suffer and cared for her right to the end xx 
Sending a big hug  she's a beauty. .Going to go give my cats some extra hugs.
