-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zjzjn/anti_depressants_after_another_relapse/

A lot of sober alcoholics/people in recovery I've encountered are on anti-depressants. ..After another relapse predicated strictly from depression I finally requested them for my Doctor. ..Would love to hear your thoughts on that &amp; for those of you on ADs experiences? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. I took latuda for about 3 months when I started sobriety. It helped tremendously. Would highly recommend it. I'm also on lamictal for moods which I still take. I stopped the latuda bc I was dissassociating from my mind. Like I was watching my happy self from another realm. Like I knew the happiness was from the pill and not truly inner peace. That was my sign to stop taking it lol. But it certainly worked for me in the beginning. 
I take celexa daily. It helps me deal with anxiety and depression. Amazing how much better it works when I'm not pouring alcohol into the equation. When I think about my drinking I see it stems from my depression. I drink to numb. .I have tried Effexor XR which was horrible Prozac and Zoloft but I find celexa works best for me. 
wellbutrin/bupropion works well for me so far have to make sure you won't drink on it though. Also finding a good therapist has helped took me 3 different tries. Going through a divorce and being sober is easier with help and I'm willing to try anything at this point. Best of luck!
I sometimes wonder what sobriety means to others. ..I just recently quit coffee after cigarettes pot pills alcohol and a handful of hard drugs and am now practically 100% clean short of a few cups of tea and daily vitamin supplementation. Took me 5 years. Now trying to cut out processed sugars which is proving more difficult than I had imagined. ..Only took a pharmaceutical anti depressant (Wellbutrin XR) for a day or two before it made me feel super crazy couldn't handle the side effects and it only motivated me to further clean house. For some people they work wonders. For me it was hell. ..IMO Relapses are a spiritual condition and don't correlate to anything other than how you maintain your own version of being true to yourself whatever that means. ..Today whenever I feel at risk I take a moment to assess my past behaviors and thoughts. More often than not upon reflection I realize that I did said or thought something not aligned with my heart centered understanding of myself. I seek then to forgive myself resolve to identify when a misstep may arise in the future and say a loving affirmation and move forward with my day...I have found that being constitutionally honest with yourself and self understanding is incredibly important. It's also ok to not have all the answers that's what living each day is for. 
Thank you! I'm on the lookout for a therapist as well. 
