-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zkevm/depression/

So like most people i have fought to convince myself that I am no longer depressed honestly this has been a hard one for me. I figured i would take away drugs and alcohol and feel like a butterfly though I love being sober and the benefits i find myself finding surrendering to it. I have dealt with depression my whole life and hid it through being a heavy alcoholic. I finally called my primary and told her I quit drinking and can't handle the after effects being honest was hard because I have struggled with asking for help. But being honest got me into the doctor quicker and way more compassion from the doctor. I have never been on medication before so I'm nervous but I know it's for the best. Any suggestions would be great! 27 year old female. It's all part of the process but does not mean it's easy for someone who never thought she would be battling such a deep depression lately. I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

It may take some trial and error to find the right one but once you do it really prevents that headlong dive into the void so to speak. ..Good job looking out for your own mental health! I won't drink with you today.
Get your vitamin D levels checked. Check out the Joe Rogan Experience Podcast #1077. Really interesting talk about depression. ..In the realm of hungry ghosts by Gabor Mate is also worth the read. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
I also struggle with depression. I have bipolar as well. I can say that nothing has helped me as much as finding the right medication and keeping in contact with my psychiatrist for medication management. That said it does take quite a while sometimes to find the right medication and sometimes people find out they actually do better with no medication at all. ..My advice would be to make sure to take the meds as prescribed and if you feel any side effects or don't like it don't just stop the meds get in contact with your doctor. ..I'm glad you are facing depression without alcohol. We're all here with you and rooting for your success. ..Keep us updated and let us know how it goes. ..
Depression meds can take about a month to start working. 
You have been on medication before it's just the least effective for treating depression you had severe adverse side effects and you did not have a professional to help you find what works best for you   alcohol. Think of this as trying a new medication that's more effective for addressing the ways you have been feeling. Be aware of your body and your feelings but don't be scared bc you've been looking for this type of help for a while. This time you have support and medical help to back up your medication choice and you are taking the right step in a healthy direction. You've got this!
If not for medication and therapy I would have no arms because I would have chewed them off by now. Removing alcohol from my life has helped me clear a path to directly address and work on my mental health issues. I hope you find what works for you! IWNDWYT 
Thank you everyone! 
