-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zliz0/getting_here_wasnt_easy_but_staying_quit_that_has/

I hope that title doesn't discourage. It's meant to encourage. And folks I hope this helps you but also ranting like this helps me to stay on track so I'm just going to start typing and not stop. This will probably be a long ramble. ..To be clear -- it wasn't easy getting to the point where I quit. I "meant" to quit probably every day for years. I knew that polishing off an entire 18 pack on a daily basis for weeks on end was unhealthy and yet I kept it up for years. Eventually I got to the point where I could feel the actual hypertension and cardiovasular damage as the night went on. Sweats shakes pounding tension headaches eyes starting to hurt. I went through serious physical withdrawal symptoms multiple times and for a few of them I now realize I really should have seen a doctor because I could have died...Yet I kept it up. Drinking got to the point where it almost seemed like going to work -- I had to make sure I'd knock off a sufficient amount every day and would get right to it as if it were doing daily chores...I am still not really what changed or why. Maybe it happened when I was drunk. The desire to quit was always there like a hope and maybe it was hanging onto that hope that did it. I don't know. It did help to keep quitting even after every time I'd relapse...Eventually one more time I tapered off gradually over the course of a week. That was tough but I already felt proud when I got to the point where I was "just" finishing a six pack for the evening. For the last few days as the taper progressed I set timers. If I had six hours at night and was down to three beers then that meant I could only have a drink every two hours at most...The timers helped on a practical level. I had started using them just while in the throes of drinking simply to try to keep myself to a "recommended" rate of 1 serving per hour. Sometimes it worked. Sometimes not...I don't really remember it all that clearly. I don't remember the day I had just one beer. I do remember the first of two times about a month in and relatively fresh to drinking that I went out to a bar for a friend's birthday. I ordered a nonalcoholic drink at first. I wanted to see if I would be able to have just one drink the toast... and I could. I kept it to one drink. I knew I was about to cave so I made my excuses and left...A few months later around the 4th of July my brother in law (trying only to be friendly and hospitable) handed me a glass of lemonade and said "here have some this is really great." I took a swig and it was booze. I hadn't told anyone I was quitting and they were just being friendly. But I thought eh fuck it I've already accidentally caved it's 4th of July let's see if we can wade without drowning. I made it through a six pack that weekend but it was different. First off it was a six pack over the course of a long day. Last time I was at their house I was putting down at least 12 a night plus booze. But this time I kept it to six. And I didn't go back for more the night after...By this time I had already dropped a *lot* of weight. A heavy booze habit is in many ways a junk food diet. Maybe worse since it also can inspire you to just actually eat junk food when you're not drinking because it's so easy to do...Maybe the vanity is what kept me on track. I liked it when I stopped straining the waistband of my shorts. I liked being able to fully close the buttons on my work shirts without threatening to pop them off....But this past year and once I got past the physical withdrawals I haven't really felt tempted. I haven't wanted to get drunk for sure. I didn't miss any of the various sickening flavors that booze comes in as much as I used to tell myself that I "liked" single malt scotches or a good microbrew. ..Objectively speaking alcohol really just tastes like shit. And for some reason this time around I stopped forgetting that. I haven't craved any booze flavors not my old standbys not the candy flavored girl drinks that knock you on your ass not even the flavor of a good champagne while toasting a special occasion with loved ones...I did not miss and have not missed any single aspect of getting drunk. Even the "best" of it --right when it starts to kick in and you can still speak coherently but you have shed a lot of inhibitions? Turns out you can be uninhibited while sober too and it actually feels a lot ballsier to do and thus better...I just didn't miss it. Still don't. In under a week now I'll be at a year and if I hadn't set up this account I'm not sure if I'd have kept track this closely. Things have just changed. Maybe there was a limit after all and I finally drank enough...I don't want a beer. I don't want a case. I don't want any of those tastes smells or sensations. Booze you can go fuck right off...The flavors I crave now are things like delicious healthy food. I just tried that Mississippi pot roast recipe using a pork shoulder (4lb cut of meat + half stick of butter + dry mix of au jus seasoning + dry mix of ranch dressing seasoning + ~10 pepperocinis X crockpot = holy shit that is good). I crave roasted vegetables and bread dipped in vinegar and oil leafy greens cheese tea sardines almonds yogurt.... you know *food*. I love quenching my thirst with ice water. (For a bit I went through a lot of sparkling water. But even the craving for the sensation of bubbles passed after a while. It was probably like suddenly craving candy a substitute for a booze preference.)..I don't miss shitting 10 times a day sometimes 3 times in the same hour and always just this explosive gassy fragmented diarrhea. Sometimes I'd just shit so liquidy it would be like pissing out of my ass. ..I don't miss pissing and wondering if the stream will be mostly blood again. I don't miss waking up to find blood stains where my dick leaked blood. I don't miss ejaculating blood. I don't miss wondering exactly how much damage I'd had to inflict on my kidneys to get there. Amazingly the doctor has given me a clean bill of health. Whatever damage I might have done has not shown up on any tests at least not yet...For some reason it's been pretty easy to quit those things. ..Maybe you're having a hard time putting it down right now. Maybe today for the three hundredth time in a row you meant to not drink all day then made it until after work only to have one to take the edge off and then to at least keep it to a reasonable amount and then eh fuck it the bottle is almost gone no point in saving that much...Keep quitting. Meant to another 300 days in a row even after you cave after you relapse. Just keep meaning to. I think that might be what did it for me. Eventually it seems to have finally worked. This is probably the longest I've gone without having any alcohol in about 25 years. And it wasn't easy to get here but it feels like staying here is the easy thing to do.
----------immediate responses--------

I am at 358 with ya!!  I was drinking a fifth of whiskey per night and I don't miss any of it.   Especially the poops!  Ugh....so gross!  When I finally took a "normal" shit I have never been so proud of anything in my life!  I felt like I won the lottery. lol   I too have lost weight 40+ pounds so far and I don't want to gain it back.   .WTG!!  IWNDWYT!   Here's looking to March 1st!..
Excellent post my friend. I appreciate the poop part  . I'm less than a month in this go-around but I'm definitely feeling different this time around &amp; not feeling the urge to drink. Hope it stays that way. 
Love the honesty and humor. The part about shitting had me laughing my ass off. Thanks for sharing.
Wow. Thank you for this post. I was a heavy beer drinker. It was like a chore. I never realized it until you posted that. I was religious in going to the liquor store always concerned with making sure I had enough. I remember feeling panic when I woke up the next morning and found I only had 6 or 8 beers in the fridge. That wont be enough to get me through the day! ..I too dont really know why it happened to click this time. I meant to quit so often. Every morning when I was in the shower and felt like shit I thought I need to quit. I cant do this again tonight (of course I did for a long time) and then suddenly. I finally got there. It wasnt easy to be sure. But I got there...And now it feels easy it feels right. ..Thanks for sharing with us!
