-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7znmpi/struggling_a_bit_with_the_sober_me_after_leaving/

Heya r/stopdrinking :) Longtime reddit lurker with a long lost reddit account replaced with a brand news one since I came across this subreddit when looking for some help / support that might get me through...I have been drinking almost every night for 7 years since a really bad disaster where I live meant I couldn't really calm myself enough to sleep without whiskey and it just carried on. Socially too there's a lot of drinking I am one of the few childfree people in my friend group so am known for hosting parties where everyone drinks a LOT and it's just a massive part of my life and something that I and people around me did enjoy. My party habits even went as far as becoming a DJ for a while but ironically I would drink less or not at all when I was performing at an event which was the first times in my life I'd had good times out with friends while they are super drunk and I am sober and I am grateful for that looking forward now - I know it can be funs till. I am often tired but not ill from hangovers unless after a party. I have done Dry July a couple of years which was OK but boring and sleepless but otherwise almost always drinking at nights...My drinking didn't cause me any obvious negative consequences for a long time so I haven't hit rock bottom. But I've been not well compounding health problems are coming and my liver results are not good. My doctor told me to not drink for a week and I didn't even manage it properly (drank a little on 2 nights Valentines and a night I was just really stressed) repeated the blood tests and Dr told me to not drink for another month and do them again. I'm almost a week into that now without cheating.  My closest friend lost an old friend to liver failure last week at 35 and that really scared me to be honest. But my friend is still drinking and bought me whiskey as a gift even though I'd told them I wasn't... nice gesture but pretty ironic. But to me I feel like if I know this could kill me NOW is the point I need to make a change or I am being really really dumb. My life is pretty great other than this and I have a lot of reasons not to go to an early grave!..But I don't even want to tell my friends or family I'm doing this which is why I'm rambling on here... Most of them are used to me sometimes not drinking at events because I am performing or driving and i can pull that off for a bit but I partly don't want the fuss of explaining it's for good or the shame of admitting that yeah I drank alone so much I'm ruining my health. And I do want this to be a pretty permanent change. I just don't think I can moderate it. Not for a while anyway...But I'm not doing very well in terms of my mental state I have a great but stressful career with a weird time schedule and without a drink at the end of working (which may be very late at night) it's like my brain can't switch off. I'm really deadpan and a bit grumpy to people around me and I hate that I'm like that but I'm just so tense all the time and I haven't come up with any good alternative way to relax. I sleep terribly also and that is even worse when I don't drink but hasn't been as mush full insomnia as the times I've done dry July - partly because I'm also not well and am kinda exhausted...All in all it's not good and I'm gonna lurk around hopefully reading how it gets better :) As well as the dr deadlines I have an unrelated pretty major surgery coming up in 6 weeks and it will be good for me to be off alcohol after that so it's not messing with other drugs I'll need. But I don't want to be a bad mood stress bucket for the rest of my life either. So any tips would be great. Including how to get a badge - it has been 6 days :).
----------immediate responses--------

You are very welcome.  I raise my cup of black coffee to you - cheers.
Welcome! Here's a link for your badge: https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/..My best strategy for getting to the "good part" was to expect it to take a bit of time--understanding that my body is healing dramatically but that there's a ton of healing to do helped with that perspective. I lay low and supply myself comforts--sparkling water long baths good food. ..For me reading about alcohol's effects on the brain and organs and then researching the timeline of repair helps me cool my jets and not expect the world in a day. I expect to feel yucky if my body is getting rid of a lot of old garbage and trying to renew and regulate its own chemicals but my awareness of the purpose of feeling yucky makes me patient. Patiently optimistic but not entitled...It was tough to relax for a couple weeks. I'm evangelical about baths and scrubs and foot soaks and any other water-based cleansing rituals--any time but especially at night for winding down. Herbal teas like passion flower lemon balm and valerian help too. Mostly good sleep just takes some time--this may be the hardest part of early weeks...Basically I took the minutes slowly and spent a lot of time here to strengthen my muscles and mentally stay in the game--every single day when my new mindset was still in infancy. We're basically trying to shift a paradigm and it will take some work to transform our usual responses to life. However! They *will* change. It *does* get easier and richer and fuller and sometimes it's so amazing I can't believe it. ..One week down! All you have to do is keep walking and lean on us. It's so worth it and I'm so happy you're joining the gang! I will not drink with you today. :-)
Welcome! I tried to quit or moderate many times. Quitting finally stuck when I decided to do this for me. It didn't matter what anybody else thought or did. Hiding it from others only made me more vulnerable to giving in. I never made a big deal of it. And for the most part people don't make a big deal of it either. I have found that the only people that have an issue with me not drinking are the people who have their own issues with drinking.
I use melatonin to sleep. It's a godsend
Also I find it very helpful to not work at home so when I get home that part of my brain switches off.
