-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zpp48/struggling_in_the_evenings/

So I am loving my days sober. I feel great have more energy and I am so much happier but as soon as 5 o'clock hits it all changes. 5 is when I would normally have my first beer. I have been trying to keep myself busy so I don't think about drinking but I basically end up going to bed at 8 instead. I get so crabby and I keep snapping at my poor kiddo. I feel like I completely shut down don't want to talk or do anything I used to enjoy. I hate it. Any advice on how to get past this would be wonderful. Today instead of enjoying not being hung over I am dreading tonight. Thanks so much!
----------immediate responses--------

Exercise is a great way to overcome the urges also releases endorphins that make you feel energetic and happy. Drink a lot of water as as substitute! Good luck &amp; stay strong will be worth it! 
I've found the same- I've built a lot of associations over the years. Beer while cooking mixed drink while gaming several drinks when the in-laws are in town etc... Working on replacing those associations with something else is what I'm working on now. ..IWNDWYT
Sometimes I need to force myself to do things... at first I don't want to but by the end I'm glad I did.....Try something. If you don't like it move on to something else.....Everything is open!!  You can do this!!
I feel your pain! It's like clockwork   right as I'm getting home and starting dinner I feel the itch to pour that glass of wine (the bottle most likely I'll finish off later). It's such an ingrained habit and feels like I'm depriving myself of this ritual of relaxation so I'm snappy with my husband and kids counting down the minutes until I can just go to bed in a huff of disappointment (but that petulant feeling will turn into pride in the morning where I'll be glad to wake up hangover free!)..You can do this! It will get easier as you make new habits and you retrain your brain on a new routine...IWNDWYT!
