-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zseih/another_addiction_has_taken_over/

I stopped carbs smoking and drinking so was feeling quite happy with myself but I've started to become mentally reliant on diet energy drinks and it's got to unhealthy levels - it's so weird I don't even know what's addictive about them other than the slight tang and the idea I shouldn't.  I don't think it's the caffeine since I don't feel it at all and I don't want coffee or caffeine pills - it's almost like the comfort of having  something' or more that that even  something I shouldnt' - when I say unhealthy levels it's so much like drinking alcohol each day I'm obsessing over them from morning til about 6pm when I turn to water and am drinking about 8 a day.  ..What the heck?!  I would even go as far as to say I'm spending half the money I was saving not buying booze on bloody energy drinks!  I think it's why I've struggled to focus the last few weeks and felt burnt out.  It's so ironic when I'm doing everything else right - like I'm finding a new way to self destruct
----------immediate responses--------

How about substitute some herb tea kambucha fizzy water or ginger beer?  I've actually been on the plain water this go round.  Last summer I was guzzling La Croix so much I should of bought their stock.  IWDWYT
It may be that you don't feel entirely at ease with your unmodified natural mental state. You might feel the need to alter it somehow whether by alcohol cigarettes carbs energy drinks or some other means. I can see how if you're feeling unfocused and burned out you might feel the urge to "fix" that with an energy drink. But you seem to think that the energy drinks themselves are contributing to the underlying problem. So maybe one day when you're feeling that way you can try saying to yourself that it's okay to feel unfocused and burned out. That's just how it is today. It'll be better another day.
This is common. For me I crave blizzards from DQ. Maybe try weaning off of them? 8 a day sounds like a lot. What kind are you drinking?
Blimey 8 energy drinks a day... you must be bouncing off the ceiling!..My addictions are a bit like whack-a-mole too I've been drinking coffee like it was going out of fashion since I stopped boozing and it left me a jittery unfocused mess in much the same way... I'm now trying to stay away from caffeine completely and my sleep is definitely better (caffeine stays in your system for hours!) but I'm still smoking like a chimney.....Baby steps eh one thing at a time and eventually we'll be free from all of them!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt; 
