-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zto8l/advice_on_bad_nights_during_the_work_week/

Struggling to stay sober for more than a week at a time at the moment. I'm in graduate school and right now I'm more or less a functional alcoholic although it had been interfering with my work times. Luckily in grad school no one really cares when you come in as long as you work! Ha.. haaaa..... anyway..My time I'm most likely to go out and buy beer is near midnight when the stores close during the week. I get the urge to just go before it's too late. How can I counter the thoughts of  Am I going to drink tonight?  And wait until the last minute then decide to go out. Always 5 minutes before they close. ..Really struggling with this one. Thanks so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

One good suggestion I've received is to plan other things to do so that drinking isn't an option... go to places that don't serve alcohol. It's kind of amazing how many other things there are to do besides drinking! Also there seems to be more time to do those things when not drinking :D
In the early days I came here to SD every morning and typed the words  I will not drink today' into the check-in thread. I promised myself and all you lovely internet strangers. Then when cravings came I would tell myself I could absolutely drink... tomorrow if I still wanted to. It sounds like a dumb mind game but damned if it didn't work! Maybe try that? Stores are about to close and you reassure yourself:  no problem. They'll open again tomorrow and I can go then. Just not drinking tonight.'
I tell myself  not drinking tonight  when I get a craving. I made myself look forward to non alcoholic drinks. I like flavored coffee creamers so instead of drinking alcohol I have a flavored coffee on a Friday or Saturday night it's like a treat for me. I do this along with repeating  not drinking today (or tonight) . Repeating it throughout the day is sometimes the only way to get through.
