-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zutsv/my_roommates_bought_me_my_favorite_cider_as_a/

I'm watching the house and dog for a couple days while they go out town. We're not super close so I haven't told them that I don't drink anymore. They kept insisting to get me something as a thank you and I kept telling them not to worry about it so I feel too awkward to tell them now that I can't drink it. ..I know the answer in this situation is simple. Just get rid of it. I can give it to someone else or just dump it out. They never have to know. But instead I'm dealing with biggest temptation I've had since I stopped 92 days ago. The "I can moderate" thoughts are flooding back into my head. "Just drink what they bought you and then go back to not drinking". ..I've done this before. I went 69 days my longest stretch and then relapsed and it took me over 1.5 years until I could get even close to 69 days again. And now I'm well past 69 days on my way to 100. My life isn't perfect but I do feel like I am finally getting on track. The last 20 days or so I have felt a shift in myself that I can only contribute to my sobriety. Suddenly the life that I have wanted and envisioned myself living seems much more attainable then it ever felt during my drinking days. I'm experiencing a type of focus drive and passion that I've never quite felt before and it's exciting to feel. I don't want to lose it. Am I going to lose it after just one night of drinking? Is it worth finding out? Probably not. But fuck man. This is thrown me off my game. I was doing so so so good at being firm and politely declining drinks. I felt confident in the decision to not drink. That shame and feeling of being left out that was strong at the beginning of my sobriety had almost completely disappeared. And then this happens and BAM. So much insecurity so much second guessing of myself and so much shame for not being able to drink normally...This is quite the ramble. I don't know what I'm hoping to get out of this. I may dump out the ciders first thing in the morning after my roommates have left for their trip. Or I may put them in the fridge to drink after work. I don't know.
----------immediate responses--------

I would give them back and explain to them that you made a decision to stop drinking. They might as well know. Eventually they will and as my good friend always reminded me when I complained about being an alcoholic before I stopped - there's no shame in that...His father was an alcoholic but he made the choice to switch to alcohol free beer and probably hasn't had a drink with alcohol in 30 years. There's no shame in that.
I had a similar experience last week the hotel where we staying came over with a nice bottle of champagne (don't know why I say nice it's all poison). As they stood there making a fuss of us as we were leaving the next day all I could think was it wouldn't hurt to have a glass but I kicked my husband and he declined their gesture..They looked hurt at first but then when we left they had taken money of the bill I guess as a gesture..I agree with the reply above to return it. To pour it away doesn't help your friends understand in the long run.  Definitely don't drink you've worked so hard at this!
I'd just play the tape forward. It's when we feel good we forget how bad it actually was. I'd try to mentally recreate the utterly depressive moment when I wake up with a tremendous hangover empty bottles around me and I realize I just ended my perfect almost a 100 day streak. Ugh. Not worth it.
It always surprises me how simple things can end up changing ones thoughts and feelings in such a large way. Something that playing the tape forward has made clear to me is that for me a relapse would drop me right back where I was before I quit. Even a single drink would most likely lead me to drinking for weeks if not months before I managed to get back on the sober train. So now whenever I start considering a drink I don't ask myself if I want to have one drink because that isn't realistic I ask myself if I want a few weeks or months of misery before I manage to quit again...This is how a finally quit cigarettes a couple of years back also. The question isn't if I want this next cigarette or not the question is if I want all the thousands of cigarettes down the line including constantly feeling like crap and the painful death at the end. I do the same for alcohol now and this question is a lot easier to answer. Do I want a miserable life with a long drawn out painful death at the end or would I prefer freedom over those things?..I choose freedom and hope you make the right choice for you as well!
Being detached from this and reading your post it seems obvious you realise you don't really want to drink it. Pour it away re gift it or give it back and explain. Then treat yourself to something nice for doing the right thing !
