-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zv8fs/sober_but/

I hit an all time low after my girlfriend broke up with me. It wasn't the first time she left me but this time I knew it was the last time. It's been more than 4 months ago and the last 2 months of 2017 I was emotionally a wreck. Struggling with depressions and a really low esteem the only thing I could do was drinking and smoking weed all day. .I knew she was the one for me and I cant stand the fact she might found somebody else and leaving me behind and alone in all my mess. I knew I had to change because I couldn't heal while I'm a drunk addict. ..So I went to rehab in january painted my appartment and bought some new stuff for my appartment booked a ticket to the Philippines (I'm gonna backpack for three weeks) went to a gym and started losing some weight quit smoking and the most important thing is: I'm still sober. Yesterday I went to the movies with my sister (never could have happened before because most of the time I was drunk/stoned). ..I'm still working on myself with a therapist and I need to write down the positive things because I want to feel positive and realistic about myself. ..Thanks for reading I'm happy I'm sober. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm happy you're sober too! It sounds like you're taking some incredible steps with your life - I'm honestly inspired.
Thank you for sharing this upbeat post! That trip sounds like it will be fun and you will be sober to remember the whole trip too! :)
Hiking will be amazing.. You'll learn a lot about yourself especially if you alone! All the best!
Wow that is amazing to change your life so much.
Hey thats some really great work your doing! Keep it up. Some days will be better than others ride the wave and don't get too down when things don't go your way. When I'm having a bad day I just "finish the day." I mean I don't get super emotional about it I just wait til I can put my head on my pillow. The next day magically seems to be a whole lot better and I can deal with things better for some reason. Just keep at it. I quit smoking at the same time as booze and that has been tough too but they were so intwined that I had to do both or none. I hope your feeling some really great benefits from your new life!!
Hey man I've been there. It sucks. But you are handling it like a fuckin champ. Keep it up. She ain't the one for you bro. Trust me
Well done you. Sounds like you have really got yourself sorted.  Good for you. Today I Will not drink with you  
I'm sorry about the breakup they can be incredibly hard. But you should be so proud of all steps and progress you have made in such a short period of time. None of us know what the future holds but you will certainly be more prepared for it. Take care. Not drinking with you today.
Sounds a bit similar to my circumstances. And different too but the important thing is we're both still sober in spite of it all. Looks like you're on a positive trajectory.
I am happy you are sober and you have turned things in the right direction.Way to  do it.
Well done keep going :)
You are doing amazing things! Be so proud of yourself. I will not drink with you today. 
Wow from such a dark low to such a high...I am impressed!! Enjoy clearing your head man. You are clearing a path for the new you to arrive. It sounds like you got this!
Hi it's like me writing this post...Same gf issues and ticket to SE Asia only I went to Vietnam. Also I was 2 months sober...The trip was an amazing 2 months of nature backpackers and locals...But I drank. Sometimes a bit sometimes a lot. I was happy and in good company. I was there for 2 months...When I came back to reality got depressed binged for +2 weeks before I stopped 2 weeks ago...I left my guard down and I'm happy I was able to stop after 2 weeks. When my gf left I had binged for 6 months. ..Before that I was sober for 6 months...Anyway I can relate and only wish I hadn't drink on my backpacking trip. The best nights I was sober...Wish you lots of fun in your trip...IWNDWYT
