-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zxcsx/socializing_with_drinkers/

Last night I turned down going out with some friends. Why?  Because they wanted to go to a bar and because I know how those nights tend to go.  We'll take it really easy tonight  they always say and pretty often that isn't the case and they go all out even if they didn't intend to.  I felt tempted to go but it wasn't about the alcohol. I just wanted to go out with friends you know?  Social support is important right?..I could've gone. And who knows I could've had a soda or two and had a fine time. Maybe!  But then again maybe not.  It's that  maybe not  piece that I feel is so important especially as I feel that I'm not yet at a stage where  maybe not  is low-risk enough.  The choice became simple: either  maybe  it'd have been fine or I *definitely* would not drink if I did not go out. Put in those terms the answer was simple: don't go. ..I stayed sober another night and yes that's great!  But I'd be lying to myself if I told you I didn't feel a little bummed out about it. Even if it was a small sacrifice it was still a sacrifice. Change-even positive change-can be hard. ..It occurred to me this morning that I still have power. I can get my social needs met without subjecting myself to risk.  I invited the same group of people to do something this weekend that is completely incompatible with alcohol and they said yes!  So although I didn't get to go out on Friday I will get to go out today or tomorrow.  If they'd said no I'd still have the power to go by myself or to start working on getting more friends. ..I see posts here all the time about people struggling with these  tests.   Many times people do well but some people slip up and need to learn from it. We all have our own journeys to make but I feel it's important to keep in mind that we don't have to find a way to incorporate sobriety into our lives. Instead we can choose to change our lives so it incorporates more comfortably into our sobriety!..Anyway that was my thought today.  It helped me feel a sense of reward for not going out and really helped me feel like I balanced the scales.  We still have power. We can be active agents. We can solve problems by rewriting them. ..Thanks for listening. Stay strong friends!
----------immediate responses--------

For me if there is the slightest thought that I MIGHT drink I know that I will.  It is only when I completely remove the option am I able to stay sober.  I have a big test next week of this theory...I'm going to our office in Texas for "team building".  When I was there last summer a lot of drinking was involved.  I'm sure this time won't be any different.  Well I guess the difference is this time I will not be drinking...I've rehearsed nice ways and blunt ways of saying it.  It could be no big deal or I could be pressured.  I'm prepared for both...I do believe we still need to go out.  We either need to get our current friends to support us and help us stay sober or we need to find new friends...Becoming a new person means the old person has to die.  ..Good luck and go have some sober fun. :)
Right on!!! Love this. :-)))
I feel for what you're saying. I myself am facing those challenges. I work in an industry where drinking is rife. But also bars after work is close to the norm. Some guys can handle it I can't. So now I need to stay away from those bonding social occasions and now an outcast. How to deal with that? While I can not drink I don't want to go out and drink sugary soft drink..
I have absolutey no self control to go to a bar. I already know it. I can probably say no to my friends but if some cute girl asks me to take a shot with her I know for a fact I would not turn it down. Wish I did but know I wouldn't. Since I'm not strong enough yet I just avoid those situations.
High fives containmentunit!!!!  Way to work your sobriety!  I'm almost jumping up and down I'm so excited about this progressive attitude... you are definitely on the right train   woot! Woot!!!..    
[removed]
Dry people and dry places work for me. Especially when I was first getting sober. Now I can handle being around booze better but still would prefer to avoid bars drunks etc. ..Keep up the good work. 
I can't avoid bars and booze due to my job. Last summer I did a month without drinking before imbibing again. I told myself one day at a time in 2018 and now I'm at 55 (55!?) days. ..What I've found is that often that next drink was feeling uncomfortable having an empty glass or bottle. Some sort of social anxiety about not having a drink in my hand.....I had a gig over the summer at a brewery. I couldn't avoid being around beer but my first sober attempt in a while meant that I was really thinking about drinking. My solution water. I probably drank about 50 glasses of water avoiding the free beer for musicians but it kept me sober (although that's the worst I've ever had to pee during a 50 minute set). ..Last night I went to a concert with some old friends I haven't seen in a while. I waved off their attempts to buy me a beer and went with them to another bar after the show. I ordered a bitters and soda and contently drank that while having that last 30 minutes of social time before I called it a night and went home...Seeing sloppy drunks at 1AM will definitely encourage your sobriety!
