-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/801ihc/back_again/

Went to an aa meeting for the first time tonight. I was scared shitless. Almost couldn't get myself to go in. .But it was fine. I survived. And the people were older but normal looking people who struggled with the same shit. There's one crazy lady who wants to be my sponsor but I'm not sure I'm quite there yet. I'll keep checking out meetings though. .I don't know how or why I try convince myself I'm not an alcoholic. I am. It's out of control. It needs to stop. It's a coping mechanism that isn't working and hasn't been for a long time. ..Iwndwyt
----------immediate responses--------

They never told me I needed to be an alcoholic. They told me all I had to have is a desire to stop drinking. Good luck. 
I remember sitting in my car for like 20minutes gripping the steering wheel before my first meeting. Barely remember anything else. I went a few meetings and decided it wasn't for mebut I was really happy I went and feels good to know that I can go anytime I might need one. 
My first meeting was Friday. I am going to another tomorrow morning if I am up in time and if not there are a few more during the day I can stop in for. I was nervous as hell just being there. Not to be judged or scorned but just because I'm finally not lying to myself about the problem.  I couldn't even raise my hand when they asked who was 24 hours sober lol. ..Once I have my new health insurance I will also go to therapy. I believe in that much more than god. ..The best thing you can do is to keep going. I see there are many different groups every day so there is bound to be one you feel comfortable in. ..I saw this stupid quote somewhere that said  start where you are use what you have do what you can .  Sounds simple enough. 
Hello and good job reaching out ...Well done!!!  No one is excited to go to their first meeting.  But holy moly I walked out of mine with my head reeling a little.  ...I'd just heard 20 people from all walks of life talk about the same struggles and feelings that I had.  And I thought I was unique going in.  
Well done!! I'm going to AA too - I'm going to as many meetings as I can - and each one is different and has a different flavour. They have really got me through the last few days - am starting to share a bit now and am in touch with other women. I keep thinking they must be sick of the sight of me and the sound of my voice as am there nearly every day  ..I will not drink with you today   
Congrats on your first meeting! They're all different and I didn't find my tribe until I'd checked out about 10 different ones. ..Over enthusiastic lady..... I had a similar experience but some people are just like that even outside of AA. My only advice would be to try a bunch of meetings when you're ready to chat with someone the opportunity will present itself. Good luck  
