-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8023f2/liquor_store_is_calling_my_name/

Hi Reddit! Tonight (my 24th sober one by the way) is not an easy one for me at all for a number of different reasons. I've been struggling with some issues in my personal life and one relationship in particular isn't going the way I'd hoped. For whatever reason the situation has dredged up all kinds of old sadness and insecurity for me and I'm feeling pretty terrible...I went to a political protest tonight and when I was driving home I couldn't help thinking about how desperately I wanted a glass of white wine. I felt pretty much worthless. I kept thinking about all the trouble I have connecting with others maintaining meaningful relationships with others and with close relationships generally (unfortunately all this is a pattern.) Worse I felt hopeless that any of those patterns could ever change. While I was driving home I started making mental plans to walk to the liquor store (ever so conveniently located right next to my place) and buy a bottle of wine. I knew I'd be disappointing myself; I didn't care...I'm home and haven't bought the wine yet but fuck I really want to. I'm drinking a lime and seltzer eating bread and FaceTiming with a friend (even as I write this - yay multitasking) and I'm not craving a drink as badly. The awful self-loathing feelings that seem to lead to craving are temporary; they pass but they keep coming up...I just wanted to vent here because 40 minutes ago I was pretty convinced I was going to drink tonight I no longer feel that way and I'm hoping to stay strong. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi glad you overcame those feelings keep it up :)
You are doing this. Tomorrow morning holds the promise of victory and every time you are successful you are retraining the brain. Stay solid. 
Good one.  I find it's good to NIP those fuckit thoughts in the bud.  IWDWYT
If you already feel shitty drinking will only exaserbate the feelings or demise them till tomo and then kick your ass. I know. I tried. Still smell tiquilla after all this time. Makes wanna puke now.. You'll feel better tomo...
Hi fairy dust      .I sent you a fairy on mobile there.Glad you made it through last night.  I understand about feeling inadequate too I'm glad I don't drink it's adding to my confidence and it's one thing I've got that gets better every day in my life no matter what else is going on it's a source of pride.  As my days increase it's a source of great inner strength.  I think that inner strength is going to affect me more and more positively the farther I take it.      we are getting better in ways we can't even see yet friend!  I will not drink with you today because it's taking me places I want to go!  
