-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/804ook/this_one_is_going_by_fast/

I got past 120 days and then wrecked it with one night of drinking 28 days ago. Afterward I fully expected to have to go through the same struggle of "starting over" that I always had after falling off the wagon - having to fight cravings and booze haunting me every step of the way for the first few weeks. But somehow this time I was able to pick right back up where I left off and yesterday when I looked at my badge I was legitimately surprised to realize I'd already almost clocked my "first" 30 days again. ..I know better than to fully let down my guard but has been incredibly validating to my suspicion that resetting one's badge/restarting your daily count isn't at all the same as "starting from square one" It makes me FAR more forgiving of myself to realize this is is part of a process of adapting to a totally new lifestyle than white-knuckling it into foreign terrain. ..These days my mindset has shifted tremendously. When I was a kid my mom *NEVER EVER* even entertained the idea of buying us those crappy 25 cent treats out of the little red quarter machines at the front of some grocery stores. Not even once. As a result I never asked and I never registered that they were something I could engage with later - even as an adult. That's a little how I feel alcohol has been in these last few weeks. It's just not on my radar even when I went to a friend's party. It's an amazing mental development I didn't anticipate happening so quickly. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's great news. Sounds like you have a really positive attitude...I agree that at some point your brain switches over from giving up drinking to being a non-drinker. The latter is much less stressful.
That's amazing. I like to think that if I relapsed I wouldn't be at square one and I am glad to hear that is true for you! 
This has been my experience too.  I was pleasantly surprised that after I had logged a decent amount of sobriety that when I tried controlled drinking the dysfunctional thirst for more alcohol once I started drinking was less than when I drank almost every evening.  It also hasn't been all that hard to resume sobriety after drinking one time.  That said I can't take it for granted or I'm sure I'll be back to my old ways.  I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on 4 weeks!  It is wonderful when the desire to drink diminishes and it's just navigating life that becomes the primary challenge.  :)
I really enjoy your outlook and progress on not drinking! IWNDWYT!
