-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/807dd3/bullet_journaling_can_help_you_reach_that_moment/

I am a long-time alcoholic/binge-drinker with a history of attempts at sobriety. I started drinking at 15 and am now 30. So half of my life has been revolved around drinking...The longest I have gone without alcohol in my adult life was two weeks which was a real struggle. ..In January I began bullet journaling. In my journal I kept a daily tab on my habits by means of color-coordinated data tracking. Red yellow and green were the colors I used to symbolize various things...My data included .* whether I drank alcohol and how much...[Red= drank enough to black out..Yellow= couple of drinks (no more than three) but managed to stop before a blackout..Green= sober] ..if I exercised (for at least 45 mins/broke a sweat) if I ate nutritiously and if I fulfilled my daily duties (eg. walking the dog and not making my SO do it cleaning the house cooking dinner)...[For all of these categories Red= no Green= yes]..I also scrawled a couple of notes under each date (eg. drank by myself in basement lied in bed all day SO and I argued).and tracked my mood by rating each day as a 1 (bad) - 3 (great)..After two months of journaling I was able to see on paper the ways alcohol was making me and my life kind of a mess. All the red squares in the drinking column (which indicated I had drank enough alcohol to black out) made me really sick to look at. There were more days with the red squares than days without. ..Without journaling my memory was kind of shit. I would remember details in only lump-form. If I tried to think back on how many days that week or month I drank it would be hard to correctly recall. I would mentally round down and assume it wasn't that many days and I was fine...Looking at the longer stretches of days I had blacked out in a row was a way to understand how much of my time I wasted that week being incoherent. There were 5 and 6 day long stretches of yellow and red days which would usually start with a Friday night out with friends getting shitfaced followed by hair-of-the-dog the next day followed by almost the whole next week trying to re-stabilize and using alcohol to "feel better". These days would be void of exercise full of eating shitty food and void of my daily responsibilities being fulfilled...I don't think I would have understood the gravity of  any of that without the data staring me in the face...I was easily able to correlate any bad moods to the fact that I had drank the day before. Every weekend looked like a disaster as far as my moods went. Fridays and Saturdays were for parties and blackouts; Sunday was a day for depression and pain. I was able to see that basically I had no weekends off from work...I chose a day to stop drinking. It was the day after I spent the night before quietly taking trip after trip down into the basement to take shots out of a hidden pint of bourbon. This night was the night before my last day of vacation from work. I had nearly two weeks off and had accomplished nothing but gaining weight and lying depressed and hungover on the couch each day. I chose that day to stop. I decided to see how my data would change if I refused to drink. ..Everything in my journal has now become green. There are a few yellow squares speckled in there (hey some days I am still lazy and don't eat the best). The mental clarity that has come with the lack of booze has really helped me to use those glaring red squares to remind me why I no longer want alcohol anywhere fucking near me. I literally am repulsed and scared of the idea of drinking now. Once I was able to tear myself away from the habit for longer than a couple of days I was able to really take in that data and see it in a new light...I hope this is able to help someone. I am thinking about uploading a picture of my data set in case anyone has actually read all this (haha) and would like to try out the template I made up for my journal pages...Anyway I just wanted to share that. Thanks for being here. I won't drink with you tonight. ..** Edit: picture of template found in comments 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd love to see the template! And thanx for your post. I won't drink with you tonight.
Upload it.  Great idea.  
https://i.imgur.com/BYRyIMY.jpg ..Ok since someone asked here is a pic of my data page. ***The column labeled with just the triangle is meant to indicate my  drinking  column. I used a triangle in case I ever lost my journal. I didn't want a stranger or even a relative seeing how often I blacked out lol
This is so neat. I'd really like to journal like this and I've tried a bazillion times (~10) but at best I go for a few days and lose track completely. Never made a week. Do you have a special routine or time of day to do this?
I followed a similar idea but simpler. I had a lovely little book where I  made myself write down "good things I had done for myself today" as the day went along. If I drank I recorded how much then added it up at the end of the week. A real eye-opener!!! 
This is great and thank you for uploading the template too. There's something about seeing it all written down that makes it seem real somehow.
I totally tried something similar a few months back! It was a  healthy habits' tracker with  no alcohol' as one of the habits. There were a handful of days that month when I didn't drink. It was pretty bad...Bullet journaling is a great way to measure progress and see if yours must be satisfying! 
Nice... Looks like a control chart that you would have on a clip board walking around a chemical plant or other manufacturing facility checking to make sure all the processes are running smoothly. In this case it's your body and mind you want running smoothly...
Great job! Reading your post makes me think I should do something similar. .IWNDWYT! 
This is great! .I Bullet Journal too but never thought about using it like this!!!.I love it!.Thank you for sharing!!!.  
Really cool! 
