-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80a0n4/question_about_aa/

I have a question for those who attend AA meetings. I haven't gone in awhile because I relapsed hard and before then I wasn't really sure I liked being in AA. Anyway I had a phone list from when I was attending and I was absolutely depressed and trying hard not to pick up. I decided to give some random person on the list a call. ..They answered and were pretty rude from the beginning. I tell them I haven't been to AA in awhile but I needed to talk to someone about what was going on. I told this person I had this old phone list and that was how I came across their number. ..Now I was under the impression you could use the phone list at anytime. I didn't think you had to actually still be going to AA. I would find that rather counterproductive because someone could easily be motivated to return if the person they speak to is understanding and helpful. ..So the lady cuts me off. Says rather rudely  You need to go to AA . ..I don't say anything because I'm getting annoyed at this point. ..She then says  I can't and won't help you. I'm not willing to speak to you unless you go to AA . ..I immediately just got so upset and hung up on the phone. ..Is this normal? I'm really confused and still feeling rather aggravated about it. It seems awfully rude to just shut someone down who is reaching out for help when YOU decided to put your number on a phone list for that particular reason. ..But I wasn't sure if my feelings were warranted and this was a common practice in AA. Does anyone have any answers?..I was thinking about returning but that really bothered me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Not commonplace practice. Sorry that person was a jerk. Giving other people directives isn't what AA is about in the 12 and 12 it states everything is merely a suggestion. My experience with "old timers" and people with more sober time than me is that they share their experience but dont give out directives and actually refrain from even referring to what they say as advice. Only suggestions. 
When we call someone especially when it has been a long time since we got the number we have no idea what life changes that person has undergone whether that person is still sober or even if that person still has the same number. ..There are to many variables in that situation to be able to comment. When I give my number out I specify they need to call me before they drink. I won't talk to someone that is drunk.  
It's possible that the person who you called is not actively involved in AA either. In that case telling you to go to AA is the best advice that they can offer. ..You'd be better off going to an AA meeting if only to get contact info for people who you know are active and willing to help. 
I am a member of AA and I would never treat someone who was asking for help this way.  ..The thing about AA is that it reflects the general population: there are  really cool caring people and there are assholes. Maybe this lady was having a bad day or maybe she's just a jerk but I don't think she's reflective of the organization as a whole. ..The whole point of having meetings and giving out phone numbers is so people who need help have a place to go or a person to talk to. You're right in that the point of phone lists is to have numbers to call when people are in your situation. I personally feel honored and grateful when people reach out to me for help because it gives me that opportunity to repay the kindness people showed me when I was struggling...I hope you consider returning but I'm not the kind of person who thinks that AA is the only righteous path to sobriety. It's just what works for me. Good luck my friend. ...
An old phone list is risky business.  That person could have relapsed or merely put their number down during a jolly brief AA stint.  However walking into an AA Meeting and asking for a new phone list will most likely be an open invitation to new positive contacts.  If you are a female a women's meeting might be the best choice.  Common practice is males talk to males and females talk to females at least early on.
