-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80cupn/56_days_maybe_this_will_help_someone_or_me/

I haven't posted here in a while.  I stopped drinking on Jan 1st so I am right at 56 days.  I used to read here very often comment and post.  I've found myself not needing the community as much any longer I still look and read every day however.  That's fine I know it's here for me if I need it and this last week something weird happened that I wanted to share...So everything's been going fine I've lost weight joined a gym (boot camp) stayed away from drinking etc. etc.   About two weeks ago I started drinking a N.A. beer that I found.  Regardless of what others say I do like the taste of beer.  I was drinking one a night no big deal just sip on it for a bit then go to sleep.  I can take it or leave it...We'll get back to that in a bit...Last Monday for some reason I decided I needed an ecig.  I used to vape but haven't in over 2 years.  I went and bought a $100 ecig and some juice.   While there I also bought some Kratom because I had heard some good things about it.  All of this I did and hid from my wife.   So I smoked my ecig all week and all weekend and took some kratom on a few days (which I did not like) all behind my wifes back.  Making excuses to go to the store so that I could puff on the ecig.. Like I used to do to go do beer runs.  Also this weekend I drank about 12 of those NA beers.  I found myself actually chugging them like they were real beer.   I came to a realization that A) My hiding the ecig and Kratom from my wife is addict behavior.  Why do I feel the need to do something that I have to hide? and B) The NA beer made me a little too comfortable with drinking.  I mean who chugs NA beer?  I used the (We are on vacation) as an excuse...So yesterday I threw the ecig out and did not buy any more NA beer at this point.  Not that I won't in the future.  ..All in all it wasn't a relapse but I felt myself sliding back into the addict behavior and was able to notice it before anything bad happened.  Definitely eye opening and I hope to talk about it to my new therapist here in the next week or so...I hope all is well with everyone have a kick ass week!.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Thanks for sharing. It's AWESOME that you caught yourself. Sober on! i w n d w y t. 
Good catch! Nice to get that reality check without too many repercussions.
Well done for catching yourself. I'm very wary of NA beers they pathed the way to my last relapse. I avoid them now.
Thanks for the tip. I have been debating whether to buy non-alcoholic beers so I dont feel weird at house parties but maybe I won't for now. Might not be worth the risk.
Thanks for sharing this. ..I've been wary of NA beer. I have an extremely strong  craving  drive where one sip sets me completely off. ..A therapist I had once suggested I try kombucha because it would  give me a buzz . Shit made me relapse immediately. ..I stick to bubbly water now lol
Good catch.  IWDWYT
Believe it or not I have a friend who's father basically replaced real beer with NA beer. He went from drinking a case of real beer with a case of NA beer. It kept him away from alcohol and that's a good thing I suppose but he became incredibly overweight (well over 300 pounds).
