-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80e5ay/struggling_with_my_bowel_movements/

Hey guys. Lurked here before but never posted. Last week was one of the first weeks in probably 6-7 years that I haven't had a drink. I would normally drink about a pint a night. I finally just got sick of it. I over all felt really good when not drinking  but I had really bad diarrhea and the runs all week. On Saturday while watching sports I drank some with my roommate and my bowel movements the next day went back to normal. Now after another day or 2 of not drinking I'm having the runs again. Is it normal for this to be happening. I assumed my stomach would get better after not drinking but it seems to be worse. Just not sure if that is normal. Any advice would be helpful. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Withdraw will do some funky things to your body and everyone is different but with that said yes I had the runs for a few days myself after I stopped drinking. Go to the store and get some anti-diarrheal which will help a lot.
I'd talk to my physician and be truthful about my Drinking patterns.
It seemed like a took a few weeks for my bowels to get back to normal. To me it really showed that my body has become used to/ dependant on drinking. Good luck with your sobriety it is worth the pain and suffering. I will not drink with you today.
It takes a week for me to get back to normal.
As others have suggested each body is different. When I was an omnivore I would get constipated when I sobered up so I had to up the fiber intake. Now as a vegetarian I am not having that issue. I know others who have the exact opposite issue in that they become more regular in sobriety. ..I had to experiment to find what worked for me in sobriety and here I am as a sober vegetarian. You will likely have to do some experiments. If you don't feel you can talk to your doc about it can you seek out a nutritionist and talk about what happens when you don't drink vs when you do?..They might have a solution. Or talk to your Doc in general terms. I have found it liberating to be honest with people and found that I am not the worst they have seen. They are there to help. ..Sober on. ..
When I don't drink I get really constipated..As soon as I have a drink it goes away...
