-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80eip6/relapsed_away/

Well I started having one or two beers a night again about a week and a half ago..thought I actually had control. It was working for about a week..Definitely don't have control...Ended up going on a bender and almost losing my job because I was shaking so bad at work. Was so delirious that I could barely remember how to check work emails....I never show up to work drunk but I think because I went through DTs on my own I tend to have crazy withdrawal symptoms. "Kindling" maybe?..Gotta restart my badge. .On day two clean now. Goddamned alcohol..Funny thing is I live in Alaska and we have legal weed and I take Kratom when I have severe urges...I literally put all of that away and chose to drink nearly  non stop for 5 days. I chose it. It was so stupid of me. I remember consciously deciding to grab more whiskey instead of just having a pot cookie or something... Had I smoked some pot or something I would've realized I needed to slow down but I was on a rampage thinking no-one would notice. Everyone did...Atleast I still have my job and a few days off to clean up. Here's to hoping I can never relapse on booze again. I've been through this too much. I lost my apartment and my fiance from this garbage. I got a new life with a new person and I can't fuck this one up. Hope yawl are having a better time then me because I'm pretty embarrassed honestly.
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's impressive you're back here after such a short bender and that you didn't go off the radar for months or years. My relapse after a 7 month sobriety made me disappear from this sub for way longer than that...Like they often say here glad you made the research for us and confirmed that moderation probably isn't going to cut it for most of us :)..Welcome back and let's not drink today!
I'm glad you're back and glad you still have your job and everything.  Try not to be too hard on yourself okay?  I say that partly because that's a big problem I have beating myself up and all. 
Good for you comming back so soon.. sometimes I was sober three days to justify 6 months drinking habit.. We are with you brother!
*on a rampage thinking no one would notice*..Oh buddy I've been there. ..The eye of a bender hurricane is such an absurd and lonely place to be. Glad you're back on the outside of it. You're not alone in the regret and remember it will go away. Keep moving forward ..IWNDWYT.
Slip ups are part of the process. We learn what works and what doesn't and we get smarter for the next go round. ..Do you think you were triggered by your anniversary?
Welcome back. Thank you for reminding me to keep vigilant. ..Let's both choose sobriety today. 
Welcome back! 
