-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80hi9o/got_fired_today_and_probably_gonna_lose_my_housing/

So I had Thursday and Friday off and I relapsed hard. Saturday I had to work at 3. I was hangin pretty hard and decided to just keep drinking until I had fo work at 3. I got there and people instantly realized I was fucked up. ..I was stumbling around spilled some coffee then the main event happened. I was going to the time clock to clock in and my body just fell apart. I started stumbling and falling over. Coworkers had to pick me up and help me into the main boss's office where I broke down and told them I was drunk. They listened to me very kindly then took my keys and called an Uber for me to get home. Home for me is an Oxford House(sober house) and instantly when I walked in they gave me a breathalyzer then a UA which tests for the last 80 hours which you ingested alcohol. They sent it out in the mail and when it comes back it'll be positive and I'll be kicked out. ..To add to that I got fired today from my job because of the incident on Saturday. So I now have no job and am going to be living out of my car until I can somehow find another place to live and another job to work at. ..I'm not freaking out. I saw this coming. I'm fucking powerless over this shit. Parents aren't an option (I'm 25) and they have bailed me out too many times. They don't even talk to me but that's ok. I understand. ..I've already started applying to jobs and I have a plan on showering but sleeping in my tiny car and getting food is going to be an issue. ..The only person I have to blame is myself. I made this happen and I've got to get myself out of it. ..Wish me luck folks even though I don't deserve it. ..Edit: something I didn't mention is that is have a medical issue going on with my eye. I just woke up and my vision is basically gone in my left eye. It's not dark just completely glazed over. I'm going to seek help tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you can get a gym membership they have showers available and try to talk to a homeless advocacy or outreach group and see if you can get assistance based on your situation
I wish you luck. You DO deserve it. IWNDWYT. 
Sorry to hear about your situation...This can be the start of an upward spiral!..Got a support program?
The public library is a good resource too. Many will let you print resumes for free and provide job help. Plus you can hang out there and read as well as stay warm or cool. 
Maybe finding an AA meeting would be a good start both for your emotional and physical situation. Stay strong and keep us posted.
You do deserve it. Thanks for being brave enough to share this. A local support group or groups will help--look up AA smart recovery etc. And let us know how you're doing.
Best of luck. Joining a community like this and being accountable is the first step in getting better. 
I worked in HR for a few years and make money on the side creating resumes and writing cover letters. If you need help with either please don't hesitate to ask. 
I'm so sorry you are in this situation but with regard to stopping drinking don't stop trying! You can do it!
You DEFINITELY DESERVE it  
See this as an opportunity. You can start from zero and build a new life. That is the opposite of being "powerless". It is complete self-empowerment. It just takes a little time to build new habits and better ways of thinking. You have that chance right now. 
Hmm so you had some free time and made a mistake. That's ok. Gotta find a way to fill up/enjoy that free time. ...I mean you know you have the problem you know what it's doing I think you've got this man. We all make mistakes at all levels. You can do this you can quit. You just have to find the plan and the support and the path to the internal energy that's going to get you there.  Try to manufacture your own positive vibes somehow. Don't be so hard on yourself! You can do this!
