-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80ip1v/feeling_like_a_badass/

Hey everyone I am coming up on 5 weeks here and just thought I'd chime in with some thoughts this evening just to check in. ..Not many people know I am doing this and the ones that do for the most part just think it's a dry month or two. I was functional enough that most people don't think I have a problem but everything is relative and I am 100% certain I had a problem. Each day I feel so much better it reinforces that. I think about how the he'll could I live like that. Today one of my buddies and I were talking and he mentioned he was going to quit smoking weed. I straight up said I have 33 days  off the liquor.  Idn what I expected back but I didn't expect him to say  wow that's great man. I could never do that. Keep it up.  I was like oh what?!?! That was easy. Another friend has started to realize this isn't a short term thing and has changed his tune. He's supportive. It's wild! ..Anyways I texted an old friend I knew has been in recovery and I opened up to him. I'm so glad I did. He has now checked in a few times and it's been amazing to be able to be fully open about it. In talking with him I realized how comfortable I've become in my own skin. This is something most people struggle with but for the first time in a long time I feel like myself again. I feel confident in my decisions when I do or don't want to do something in disagreements or in my ideas. The self doubt has slowly just disappeared. ..This mental state combined with the fact that I have been working out like a mad man and getting back to the guy I used to be has caused me to drop 8lbs on the scale while putting on muscle. I'm starting to look in the mirror and actually think I look good! And my skin is amazing. Who knew this pale Irish skin could have so much color?? and who knew those bags under my eyes didn't have to be there?? Some days I feel like I could run through a brick wall. The other day I woke up did a run walked the dog went grocery shopping read a chapter of a book and then was cooking myself breakfast when my roommate rolled out of bed to drive to work hungover. Felt sorry for her but it made my day. I was like who the fuck am I?! ..I'm training for events like I used to I'm getting physically fit like I used to be and feeling content with my life. In the last 33 days my life has absolutely drastically changed and I couldn't be happier. A few weeks ago I posted about sober dating. Now my mindset has changed. If a girl isn't going to date the guy I see in the mirror know who somewhat is starting to have his shit together she was never going to date the guy I was 5 weeks ago. ..And truthfully I think about the girls I was hanging out with before quitting (I had to politely cut communication because they all also liked to party.) and when I think about them I'm like wtf why was I attracted to girls like that? That was never my type. I was going after girls I didn't actually even like because I was so insecure I never talked to the ones I did actually like. I just assumed I didn't have a chance. So that's crazy.../rant..Thanks SD my life has drastically changed for the better. I don't know if I'll ever drink again because I can't predict the future but I do know that day isn't anytime soon. :-) IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome! A daily dose of positive reinforcement is a good thing. 
Great post! Sure there are more stories to come! IWNDWYT!
That's great man. 5 weeks and you're seeing amazing changes just wait until 5 months! 
Sounds pretty badass to me 
I love this you SHOULD feel like a badass. Your comment about  dating people you're not even really into now rings true too... I've always figured I'm too much of a mess for anyone with their own shit together to want which is crap. Taking control of your life and rolling with the boost in self esteem is bound to lead to better things. 
Congrats on five weeks. Gives me hope that things will get better.
That's the best part for me too: the self-doubt going away. I was at a hackathon yesterday and it felt so good to be able to give it my all and be completely in the present moment and confident I could learn quickly and get my project done. Two months ago on a Sunday morning I probably would have been hungover and either missed it or half-assing my way through then going home feeling like a moron and a failure and drinking. Yesterday I was like wow I might not be the best person here but if I keep doing shit like this I *could* be as good as all these amazing people. It feels surreal to be hopeful. It's been so long. And this example is just one of many things like this... 
Awesome work. Be proud. Nice club to be in together!  
You're fuckin killing it :)
