-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80kbsx/the_pain_and_frustration_of_watching_a_friend/

I have known this guy for 25 years.  Long time friend/(ex)party buddy.  He has health probs galore... congestive heart failure pancreatitis diverticulitis Liver and Kidney probs... all a result of drugs and alcohol...Dec of 2017. He gets dumped by GF fired from 2 different jobs  and finds himself renting a room in a party house full of young kids. Terrible environment. Took him to a few meetings introduced him to my old home group but it didn't stick cuz he is full of shit. He takes a job in Arizona to "get away". He was provided a job and a hotel to get back on his feet by a mutual friend.  Well he fucked that up real quick obviously he was "secretly" drinking and within a month he started puking and shitting blood. Mutual Friend saw through his BULLSHIT and fired his ass on the spot.  He then proceeds to go on a bender for a week thus exacerbating the problem. Doc says go home and get medical help you need family.....I did 1.5 years sober a few years ago went back out for "research sake"  After 4 months of playing yo-yo I finally decided to get sober again. Taking him to my old home group solidified my decision.  Sunday I hit 30 days and have been working a solid program I love my sobriety I Love my direction... ..Then the phone rings "I'm back in Fresno"..I'm struggling with how to help I really want to but the dude is toxic bag of lies. I'm afraid it will endanger my sobriety. I'm afraid I'm going to end up putting this guy in the ground as it may be to late already. ..Best advice so far is carry the message not the addict/alcoholic..I'm taking him to a meeting tomorrow and TBH I'm scared not that I will drink but of what I'm gonna see and hear....
----------immediate responses--------

From what you're describing I don't think you should feel guilty about this. It's his decision to quit and his only all you can do is nudge him and hope he will finally understand before it's too late. You are not responsible for him.
Have you checked r/alanon? I would say it's for this type of situations. Good work on your side of things you seem to be getting it! Happy for you   iwndwyt
My own sobriety is the most important thing that I have.  No matter what.      I will not drink with you today
Congratulations on your sober progress!..You sound like a caring person...You also sound like you know what to expect from said friend...I always remember I can give love without trust and I can be caring without compromising my healthy boundaries..."Carry the message not the alcoholic"..I might even consider arranging for an Uber for him and meet him there.  Once he's in my car who knows what requests and pleas I might hear.
If you feel he's a toxic friend - u might need to go no contact with him for a while until you feel really strong to where he has zero influence on you. ..We all have that one friend and it's sad because you want so bad for them to help themselves yet they don't. ..Good luck friend keep up the great work sobriety is a wonderful thing and remember YOU come first in you life 
Carry the message not the Alcoholic/ addict I could not agree more.  You will not be able to keep him sober but maybe he will keep you sober for a bit.  Be careful because if he is active he may want you go go down with him. If you do have to meet him and he is using maybe try bringing someone with you you may be safer no matter how well you know him.  Giz a shout over there when you can :)
