-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80nicc/the_only_rock_bottom_is_death/

Chris Herren recently did an interview on Jim Rome's podcast where he said this. There is no other rock bottom. Things can always get worse. ..For those of you who don't know Chris is a former college basketball star and NBA player who struggled with addiction and has been sober 10 years. He is a motivational speaker now and recently did a podcast with Jim Rome where he speaks about his struggles and life after addiction. ..You can listen here if you have 30 spare minutes. It's very entertaining and insightful. Not trying to promote anything... Just a really good listen...http://jimrome.com/audio/the-jim-rome-podcast/ (scroll down to episode 20)..Anyway... This sentiment really sticks with me because a lot of times we seem to say "ok this is my rock bottom". Whether it's getting a DUI or our spouse kicks us out of the house or we finally have to tell our kids why we were passed out on the floor at 2 in the afternoon. But in reality it can always get worse. I've thought I've hit my bottom at least a dozen times and every time it's resulted in my returning to my addiction and repeating the cycle either days or weeks or maybe months later. Rock bottom is death. Alcohol will always make things worse if I use. ..Thanks for reading. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I had an interesting conversation at a meeting last week that reminded me of this.  My bottom was getting kicked out of my home by my spouse and being a useless drunk but I was fortunate enough to avoid most legal and social entanglements that can come with our addiction.  I was talking to a newcomer who I'm just getting to know.  He's a great guy but I don't know much about him.  We were discussing movies as it's something we both like and I mentioned that I didn't have anyone to go see Deadpool with as my kids were too young and my spouse has no interest.  He said he wanted to see it as well so I said we needed to go together.  His reply was "Well I'm happy to go with you if I can." which surprised me.  Turns out he might be in prison in May as his addiction led him to start a marijuana farm for which he has yet to face trial.  No matter how awful my bottom and it was awful there is always someone who is facing problems so much bigger than mine.  It was a nice dose of needed perspective.
Yep.  Thanks for sharing this podcast     I will not be drinking with you today 
I really think this is true. Yesterday I bought my husband a card and I had my usual "Drunk hexqueen wouldn't have done this" thoughts and it kind of hit me that I've been sober for over a year. And if I had kept drinking instead? I'd be dead. At the least I probably wouldn't have a marriage. But most likely the depression from booze would have killed me...It's weird it's like there's been this person in my head the hexqueen who didn't stop drinking and I suddenly realized her rock bottom was death. And in that parallel universe that happened.
