-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80ol62/this_is_what_i_was_afraid_of/

I wanted to be numb. I wanted to alter my perception of my reality. I hid at the bottom of a bottle for so long. Why? Because for some crazy reason I was afraid of it. It became my reality stumbling through my days in a fog passing out every night just to wake up and swear it was the last time. Until.... one day I loved myself enough to mean it.  Since that day I haven't looked back. I run every day I sleep well every night I remember every conversation with my daughter and I realize that there's so much more to life than drinking myself to sleep every night. I'm not going to waste another second in that prison. To anyone starting out or struggling today be strong...you're worth it. Have a great day everyone. I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Love this! I too was scared of living without drink but it turns out EVERY SINGLE THING IS BETTER WITHOUT IT!.So happy not to be drinking with you today 
Congrats!  .There are so many benefits to not poisoning myself.
Lovely to hear. Iwndwyt.
I feel so much like this. ..IWNDWYT
Congrats man. I had the same fear. Actually I'm not sure whether it was fear or a severely warped sense of reality. Perhaps both? IWNDWYT
Love this you got this!
IWNDWYT either!!
I totally feel the same! IWNDWYT! :D 
Looking forward to it. 
Great post Thank you! I get it. Will try and IWNDWYT!.
Thanks for sharing. I really needed a post like this today. 
Great post   keep it up! It only gets better.It's easy just don't pick up!
When i was early in recovery i was so afraid.   I was living a life terified of people and everything else (I am a 6 to anyone who knows the Eaneagram). Today i am afraid only occasionally when i should be. Fear is actually a gift in that it is a self protective mechanism. It was hard forme to believe that when it was "on" all day every day. Then along comes booze and wipes out all my fear.  Wow i must be cured.  Cut forward about 7 years and everyone is mad at me and i wake up in jail with amnesia and my girlfriend of 6 years breaks up with me and my life is going nowhere.  Thank god for recovery.  Today i am happy like 96%of the time and my soul has been healed.  Thank you to all of you still struggling because you teach me what i could go back to if i chose it and that i have a lot to begrateful for. There is no way i will drink today.
Hell Yeah! Good on you.I Won't Drink With You Today!!!
Good to hear! Keep it up!
Wow thats a very inspirational story. Thank you!
I was afraid of quitting also. It was so much part of my life. It's still a little of struggle I have to admit and I'm stressed but it is so worth it to wake sober. IWDWYT!
It really is amazing. I get that not everybody has quite this experience; some people really struggle with enjoying sobriety. But I've enjoyed everyone minute of it and while I occasionally catch myself thinking I could have a drink the vast improvement in my quality of life pretty immediately squashes that idea every time. Every problem seems solvable and every victory seems a little more worthwhile when you're sober.
