-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80qs9c/dont_detox_alone/

We all know that alcohol withdrawl can be dangerous even deadly.  I now know this first-hand to be true.  I almost died this week....I relapsed and went on a 3 day bender where I drank 3 handles of vodka.  I knew I had to quit so I did.  It was the typical Hell of nausea shakes sweats and insomnia.  After 3 days however I thought it was over.  I felt better and was actually able to go about my business as usual.  ...On day 7 however severe DT's set in.  I had hallucinations that were so real I'm still not sure which parts are real and which aren't.   The neighbors called the police because I was ranting and raving in the -15 cold.  When I got to the ER my core temperature was 94...I was almost dead....I spent 4 days in the hospital and have been released on antabuse and a cocktail of vitamins..  ..This is no joke folks.  Don't do it alone.  They can help you.   ..
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're OK. Awesome PSA. Alcohol detox can be deadly. Something even Heroin isn't. It's no joke. ..I'm right here with you. I will not drink with you today!
Holy shit 'tis lucky you lived to tell the tale!..Be well - IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you for sharing this with us. I'm glad you're okay.
Good to hear you're ok!.
That's pretty rough. Hope you're ok. 
So glad you are okay. I wish we could pin this post to the front page. 
Glad to hear you are ok. I had a close friend die trying to detox by himself. 
I had pretty severe hallucinations trying to detox on my own I kept hearing a sound like a tire leaking. I was convinced I had a natural gas leak in my house when the paramedics got there I ran into a wall in a dead sprint trying to get away scared the shit out of me.
Glad you are okay!  IWNDWYT 
I am so sorry to hear that and what you've gone through. I am grateful however that you shared this because it is such a powerful reminder to keep sober. Seriously it's post like these and the ones that are honest about getting hit unexpectedly with cravings after weeks or months of sobriety that help me to stay focused and not think I can go back for just one drink. Thank you...Sorry if this is a stupid question but you hadn't drank in 3 months drank heavily for three days and then had DTs that were that severe? I guess I thought that the detox of 3 months would lessen the severity of the effect of the relapse. 
How do you know if you need Detox? I have been drinking for 20 years. Every day maybe 2- 6 drinks. I had to reset and start today as I found some vodka lying around and couldn't stop myself. I have my annual physical tomorrow should I ask my primary doctor about detox options?
Thank you for this post. .Glad you are with us. 
Glad you survived! Not everyone is so lucky.. my current GF was married to a guy who became an alcoholic. They separated when his drinking got really bad. Here's the tragic part - he did decide to stop drinking but did so on his own. One night he was out driving and apparently had a seizure as he ran his car into a truck at over 80 mph. Autopsy showed he had 0.00 blood alcohol. So this stuff will kill you even AFTER you stop drinking! ..So anyone who's been drinking heavily and wants to stop cold turkey - talk to a doctor a pharmacist anyone who might be able to give you advice and proper medical care. Don't let your latest good decision become your LAST good decision!
So crazy you had a 4 day period where you felt better before the DT's kicked in.. never knew that was possible. Scary stuff and glad you're ok. Hope it stays with you and keeps you on the right track!
Good advise on here we are not medical professionals.  Be open and honest with your doctor and follow their recommendations.  I bounced a couple of times and each detox has got progressively worse.  My heart goes out to you I know how you feel I've been there.  It does get better. IWNDWYT!!
Thank your neighbors! Good to see you alive and posting. 
I recently went through a pretty sever detox as well and am at the I feel okay now state. Was there any warning before the DTs started? How quickly did they start?..Glad you are okay.
Day 5 was my worst day. Glad you pulled through so that I won't be drinking with you today.  
The other day I heard a podcast by a woman that said she could go months without a drink.  Then she was detoxing and had withdrawals.  I didn't follow that at all.  She never had withdrawals before but the time she decided to quit she had them.  I didn't buy it...Glad you are ok OP
My first time trying to quit was when I was 22. I had a withdrawal seizure while driving within 24 hours. I had been drinking for less than 5 years...I think it's dangerous to tell people to quit cold turkey. I had mixed xanax with alcohol in the past but wasn't mixing it at the time. I was at about 3 Four Lokos or a half a handle of vodka a day.
Glad you're OK and thank you for this information! There are so many reasons I now realize I should've gone to detox. Information like this and on PAWS isn't common knowledge so thank you for making the effort to deceminate the knowledge. I'm in a recovery program rn and I know what I'll be talking about in class first thing tomorrow  morning.
I'm very glad you are okay and things turned out fine. I'm very sorry you had to go through that though it sounds like a nightmare. Would you mind letting us know your daily consumption? I've been binge drinking every day for over a year now and am a bit concerned about getting sober.
Thank you for sharing that.  I used to hate detoxing.  I used to lay in my bed that was soaked from sweat and my hands couldn't stop shaking and my nervous system felt like it was hooked up to a car battery.  I can't believe i xid this hundreds of times.  Talk to your doctor and get something that is not mood alternating to help you. Best of luck and keep trying to get sober.  You can do this.
Truth. Drunks have a tendency to think they can take on the world! I have to remind myself that in sobriety. I may be soher but I'm still working on changing my thinking. I have the mind of a drunk...Bottom line is... ASK FOR HELP.
I sit here with tears in my eyes.  These posts break my heart.  I'm so glad you're here.  You be careful.  I just want to squeeze you until you beg for me to let you go!
Did you taper or quit cold turkey?
This point can't be made enough times. DTs can hit fast. I can vaguely remember the hallucinations when they started but there's a lot of blank time in there and I don't want to think about what would have happened if I wasn't already in the hospital. Going by my medical records it was a very short time for my going from "in pain but calm and cooperative" to "agitated delirious and combative." 
Oh gosh. Thats so scary. I am glad you are safe now. Good advice.
My apologies to OP for derailing this thread. .It's my 2nd day today and I want to be prepared. My primary trigger for drinking is cooking. I love to cook and I associate it with drinking and cooking. I have this idea ingrained into me that a couple of drinks makes food taste better. Unfortunately my wife doesn't cook well and she tends to stay busy with the kids so it comes on me to do the cooking. .Has anyone tried hypnosis or something else to disassociate a trigger like this? 
The doctor says I shouldn't be taking any medication. He said I should call my insurance and ask for counseling options. He think my problem is not severe enough to warrant medication. I am.Going to try the potassium citrate supplements if things get too bad. This is my day 2 and I have been doing fine. No shakes or sweats or problems with sleeping. I do take melatonin regularly and that helps with the sleep. .Staying strong. I won't drink with you today. 
