-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8138vj/really_missing_my_liquid_escape_vehicle_right_now/

How to improve myself:..I currently am unhappy because I'm not living up to an internal expectation I have built for myself of being kind enterprising funny respected and intelligent. I can mentally envision myself acting how I want to act but I don't do them in real life. ..I walk by people at my job that I don't know very well or haven't met and continue to not introduce myself or make an effort to build that relationship. Granted I don't need to know them to be successful in my role but my perfect self is engaging enough to create even just a baseline connection. ..There is an anxiety that keeps me from acting and that anxiety topples in itself when I reflect on not meeting these internal aspirations. ..I have convinced myself I'm not funny or entertaining to be around because I hear other people laughing and enjoying each other's company and it feels like that doesn't happen when I'm around. I'm so caught up in my head that I've convinced myself I don't know how to make even basic conversation that friends have. I have nothing to say that's engaging or positive. I feel like I just ask interview questions or talk about myself. ..This has led to a lack of confidence and low self esteem. It's so mentally taxing to engage with people right now that it's easier to be alone. This is where alcohol used to fill the void. Alcohol would allow me to escape this feeling of discomfort and provide a few hours of relief usually at the expense of my relationships responsibilities etc. Now that I'm sober there is nothing to use for escape. ..I know I want to succeed. I'm confident in my intelligence and work. How do I change being so hard on myself that I can talk myself into believing something so self destructive to my confidence? We are all just people trying to make it. We all have struggles mentally and physically. What makes me feel like I'm the only person in my life who deals with this? Help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've learned that every problem I have drinking only makes it worse. ..I had low self esteem and didn't like myself; drinking alcohol made it a lot better (while I was drunk) but what actually happened was drinking exacerbated all my problems...A lot what you say resonates with me and makes me recognize myself I've found that reducing anxiety and being a more interesting person I have to work on myself and my personality/hobbies (travelling classes socializing as a practice etc) drinking doesn't play any positive part in here for me.
You're able to put into words the things you want to improve - a huge step. ..As it pertains to groups of coworkers laughing and being friendly I wonder if you're biting off more than you can chew thinking you need to be a part of it all. Meaning the large group. ..Perhaps single a person out. Chat them up outside the group. Connect on small stuff. You might think it needs to be some big convo when really friends are made through a series of little commonalities. ..What if for one hour or day you embrace the positive character traits you've mentioned just brighten a coworker's day? Bet they take notice and engage back. ....
One thing I have tried to do is get more comfortable with my introvert ways. I have been letting myself be a hermit mostly for a few months. It does sound like you are being hard on yourself. Being a great conversationalist is natural for some people. I think being kind and useful can speak for you tho. I have a friend who would bring a cake or donuts to work and in the top of the box he would write something funny or an inspiring quote. He is an introvert at heart but these acts of kindness show his kindness. Hang in there.
I'm in the same boat. Even you stop drinking it feels the same.
That's me! .I'm like you too.  It is hard.      I found out it suddenly got easier when I got promoted at my last job... it was simpler being in charge and dealing more with the clients having more responsibility which allowed greater freedom to make my own choices.  I am amazingly capable of running things smoothly and with little effort.  It changed a lot of things but surely not all of them.  However.  The confidence I gained was earned and legitimate it helped me realize there is a place for me I have strengths and skills I never knew about.  Now I know thankfully the kind of roles that suit me better and not to beat myself up over not fitting in where I had thought I ought to.  ..I will not drink with you today. 
