-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/813vuv/birthday_blues/

It's my birthday tomorrow and me and SO are trying out a restaurant I've wanted to go to for a while and just never had the chance. I'm struggling with the idea that I want a glass of wine with my meal or somehow  deserve  a drink because at my birthday and I've been doing well with sobriety. Any tips on how to conquer this?
----------immediate responses--------

I had to just put it in my head exactly what I was going to order. ..And I avoided establishments where I normally went primarily to drink.  
Hey. I have found that the hardest bit is walking to the table and sitting down and noticing everyone else's wine. Once I've ordered my food and a bottle of sparkling water and I'm chatting with my husband the craving and feeling of deprivation has passed. But I walk in without any wavering feeling. I'm out to dinner and there's not a snowball's chance in hell I'm going to drink. If my resolve wasn't strong and i was undecided about drinking then I think I'd cave in about 5 seconds.
Skip the wine. There are many reasons why wine was part of celebration meals in the past. Wine is readily available now and times change. Frankly the conflation of wine and celebration is marketing. Decide on your own special beverage order that instead.
I would probably agree with myself that I do deserve something good as a treat for my birthday. But if my brain had gone back to old habbits and considered alcohol to be a good thing I would have to remind myself that staying sober is a way better gift than having a drink...Happy birthday in advance and good luck!
Talk to your SO make it clear that you are worried and need them to support you in this. That way you both know the plan and you can order yourself a fancy mineral water to celebrate your bday. I would want to support my SO if they needed it...And happy birthday!!            
I had a sober b day dinner this year.  Loved it and even better I felt proud of myself for not drinking.    And I remembered every moment. 
Birthdays killed me on my last two previous sober attempts.  I always thought I deserved a glass a wine for my birthday and ended up drinking for months before trying again.  If you think you need a drink see if there is a nice mocktail the bartender can make.  Or splurge on a decadent dessert instead. 
