-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8163bp/change_is_happening/

Not so much on the physical level as I seem to have replaced alcohol with inordinate amounts of food and LOADS of green tea so my body is feeling it but my skin is GLOWING. ..I spent the weekend away somewhere in 4 metres of snow with some friends and some people I didn't know all that well. I had a sip of 2 drinks over a course of 6 days which I don't consider a relapse as I gave them away straight away.... but so much of my STUFF got triggered this weekend old stuff like not being confident around people I don't know thinking everyone is talking about me being rejected being fat and unattractive how much some of the people there this weekend reminded me of the 'cool kids' at school of which I was never one and it brought those to me how strong my social anxiety is.. All in all some seriously powerful paranoid insecure feelings that were in part the reason behind my drinking to begin with..Anyhow I battled over these few days. I battled with myself I battled with my mind I battled not to drink I battled not to run away. On the way back yesterday the voice telling me to get a beer was so so strong. Every excuse and every reason in the book that voice came up with for me to drink and I very nearly caved in.. ..Until I didn't. I rationalised it I talked to the voice in my head I asked it HOW alcohol would make it better. It said that it wouldn't it just needed a drink I just needed just one nice cold beer to go with my KFC. It made me think of that nice little buzz just after a drink the buzz that eventually would have had me running out in -15 degrees and thick snow to get more. It made me think of the oblivion the beautiful tragic oblivion we all crave so much the peace that drink and drugs promised us before they swept us away into years of personal hell and lone-drinking the complete destruction of our spirits...I told the voice to fuck off and I enjoyed a nice Fanta with my KFC...Even a month ago this would never have happened. I would have caved in and drank. This time I didn't...Thank you to everyone for being here. This sub is helping me to change my life...I will not drink with you today...One love ..Gipsy &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today (:
Well done you've hit some pretty tough sounding triggers there. Stay strong sounds like you got this.  
Congratulations! I'll add that it gets easier and easier. My voice is just a whisper and just sometimes. Well done! iwndwyt
