-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/817fek/well_holy_shitlook_at_that365_under_my_belt/

I am still sitting here saying to myself "I still cannot believe I did this".   But....I did. *smiles* ..1 year ago today I woke up and felt like "This is the day my body says enough"  I woke up sweating threw up and had heart palpitations.  It was different from days prior.  I was scared.   So that day.....I did not drink.   Then the next day I decided to not drink either. Then the next....the next.....etc.   Then the days started to add up.  I cold turkey'd a fifth of whiskey a day habit which could have killed me in itself.....but it's a miracle I did not have any withdrawls that were bad.  I got agitated but I pushed thru. ..A huge part of my sobriety is all of you guys in this SD reddit.  I have never been one to attend a AA meeting or be in a group social setting.....but you all are everything and more!!  I speak the awesomeness of this group to everyone I meet.  If it was not for you guys and gals.... I would not be here today.  In fact if I did not quit drinking I think I would be dead.  ..I have learned ALOT from all of this:..1.) People who struggle with addiction are the strongest people on the face of this earth.  They carry on their shoulders some of lifes hardest heaviest burdens and sometimes that burden is how we succumb to our addictions.   We are not losers junkies or wastes of human life.   Don't say we don't care.....nothing could be further from the truth.  Every one of our lives matter.  ..2.) I have learned to have patience with myself and my healing process.  In the beginning I wanted to be 100% in 30 days.  Not the case at all.  Every month that passes I see something new pop up and that is from being in sobriety.  So if you are just starting out.....be patient with yourself.  It has it's own way of getting better....try to relax and let it happen. ..3.) Life is going to hand you shitstorms all the way along and dealing with those emotions can test even the strongest person.  Remember that you will always be stronger than those situations.  Always.  Don't even doubt the power within yourself to do great things.  Things that you never thought you were capable of doing.  My estranged mother died this past Jan and we had not spoken for over 10 years.  After her death my anxiety issue crept back in my life and I had to deal with it and the emotions being sober.  It sucks and still sucks.   Its been two months and the situation is still lingering due to estate issues....part of my family being assholes to me.  My mother's cremated remains are in the passenger side of my car right now.  Seriously.  Even thru all that weird shit.....I don't drink.   *I also secretly think if I bring her remains into the house her spirit will attach to something and bring forth bad ju-ju to my home* lol ..4.) There are 80358309548 paths to sobriety and not one of them is better than any of the others.  Each of us have to find what works for us.  Even if that means we try over and over again.   We support each other....never criticize. ..5.) I don't obligate myself to anything I am not 100% comfortable with.  Mad that I did not go to your party?...get over it.   I did not want to go to the bar get over it.   I am not any fun anymore get the fuck over it.   My sobriety is so important that my friends know I will drop each and every one of their asses from my life if they don't respect my sobriety and the change I have made in my life.   Alcohol was killing me....but let me think about YOUR feelings when it comes to me drinking.  NOT!!  Sometimes being sober makes other people uncomfortable and that is ok.  The friends I have support me in this and are happy to have "me" back.  ..5.) I can drink whenever I want.  This is actually the truth...I can.  We all can.  But I make a choice not to drink.  It's funny cause my therapist just asked me this week "Are you ever going to drink again?"  I told him I would never be able to answer that question but in this moment of time this minute....I choose not to drink.   I don't concern myself with tomorrow or the day after that.  Cause it's not promised to any of us and I will deal with life when it happens....not worry about what has yet to come.  ..6.) All addicts get sober.  You either choose sobriety or die.  Sorry...but that is the cold hard fact of what addition is.  It wants to kill you and it's very good at doing that.  It's a disease and it wants to consume everything in its path.  I have learned to respect that.  ..7.) Being sober will make you think boredom is a jail sentence.  Idle hands...idle mind.   One of the things that helped me with sobriety is making sure I had something to do.  Crosswords puzzles needlepoint (I cannot STAND needlepoint) painting....etc.   When you are done with one thing...find something else.  Before you know it....you will have too many things to do instead of being bored. lol ..For the new people who are reading this.....I know you can do it and you will.  Always ask for help if you need it.  Talk to your doctor about what is going on and have them be on this journey with you.   Surround yourself with only supportive loving people who want to see you do the best for yourself.   You deserve it.  ..Thank you again all the SoberNauts!  This reddit is everthing for me and I would not be here today if it was not for the amazing "family" I have hear.  You guys are all angels in my life.  You have carried me on your wings and when I am down you breath new life into my lungs.   I love you all.   ..I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!!!!!    WHOO-HOOO!!  .
----------immediate responses--------

Hell yeah to you!..Onto the next day with you
Wow that's a lot of wisdom for 1 year. Congrats!.
Awesome!..Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Awesome   .IWNDWYT  
Hugee congratulations        you did my friend you did it!        
WhoooOooo HoooOooo abfab! Thanks for your share...it was all on point.  Any reference to Absolutely Fabulous show? I *love* that show!!!..I will not drink with y'all today 
Congrats!
Woo hoo is right! Congrats. IWNDWYT.
What an inspirational post! Thank you so much!  This is the type of post that will give hope to so many new and old warriors on the sobriety path... It is a great honour not to drink with you today!
LOVE this.  Thank you.
Yo!  This is hard-hitting stuff.  I love that.  Especially that bit about people being mad you didn't come to their party or to the bar. Come ON GTFOH your whole life is *yours.*  The way you said it is perfection!..And what you said about how we all get sober is truth.  My FIL puts it this way "It all straightens out in the end."  In other words everybody dies and is laying flat one day.  Choose how you are living.  ..Congrats you bad ass!
Good work! Proud of you! :D
Wow. Number six really got me. As much as I despise the term "addict" it still stuck out to me. Either by choice or death we all get sober...Damn
Well done matey! I like reading the one year posts. I hope to post my own one day :) Today I passed a free whiskey handout and for a second conditioned mind said "i wouldn't mind a whiskey" and then straight afterwords my mind said "actually no you don't. You're pretty happy being sober" and that was that thought gone. I like the first number 5 and agree with 6. Drink and die or don't drink and live. Anyway good on ya!
Congratulations! That's awesome. I'm so happy for you and I really appreciate your story. Longer posts like this---I feel them really helpful because I really get an idea of what the writer is going through. And from what I can read you're doing it! Stay strong and congratulations!
I needed to read number 5 today I am skipping out on a family wedding where I know for a fact that there will be massive amounts of booze in fact I was told by the bride herself that there will be a lot of booze she has no idea how hard I have struggled and that I am at 73 days sober I am also about 9 months into this journey of sobriety and only found success as of the last 2 or so months. I appreciate the post. Thank you!
[Congrats on a YEAR!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)
Me Too! :-)
Congrats. A year is a long time to not be doing that. 
I needed to hear this today. Congratulations on one year! I hope to be just like you next year :)
Hot diggity damn that's good
Great post... I needed to read this. Thank you
Ok just need to 45.6 times  what I did and we can shake hands :D Congratulations you're an example for us!
I am Happy and proud of you ! I will make one day too!! But today I will not drink with you!!
Way to go!!! And thanks for sharing
Congrats and continued success to you
Nicely done. Congrats
Awesome! Congrats out the wazoo! I hope I can share the same way you did in a few months time...In regards to what you said...especially in #1 being a drunk was the best thing that ever happened to me. It's nice to be on this side of the universe and finding a way to enjoy life in SO many different ways...Congrats again! Here's to another year of not drinking with you today or tomorrow!
congrats man from one addict to another. one year is HUGE 
Congratulations! IWNDWYT.
Yes to #5. I'm feeling that already on my umpteenth time resetting.
Fuck man.  There is so much Win here. You keep on keeping on.  .I feel very fortunate to have found this board and group as well all from a journey into work reading an article in  The Guardian which namechecked stopdrinking.  
Thanks for your experience!! 
Great read thanks for sharing and congrats!
Really enjoyed reading this  . Some solid remarks there.  Congratulations on your year  
Love this post! THank you for sharing &amp; HUGE CONGRATS! Way to go! :) I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!
Thanks for sharing. As someone just beginning my journey to sobriety and a better life love reading these. Really encouraging
This is an excellent post..very smart aswell..thanks for this..i loved all of your points..they sound very intelligent and sincere....congratz..looks like you're doing great..inspirational..
Congrats on your 365! IWNDWYT 
Well done!
So much joy this brought me. Congrats and THANK YOU &lt;3 
After reading that remember only a year ago OP was sick and desperate and miserable. See how their life has changed in a year of not drinking? This could be you...Well done AbFab
Congrats. Great read. Keep it up 
I love this. Thanks for sharing!
very excellent!
Amen! IWNDWYT 
#5. Thank You!  I struggle with this.  I am only obligated to keeping myself sobor and healthy!  Great post and congratulations on 365~!!
Do you buckle the seatbelt for the ashes?  
Comin' up on the same man.  Share all your sentiments.   Fuck drinking
This is a great post.  I am so happy for you on your anniversary of not drinking.  ..I love your list especially #2.  Patience and kindness.  Who knew that real transcendence takes time and work?  Haha.  I guess I should have known.  Otherwise we'd all have it figured out in a snap...Thanks for being part of this amazing community.
Love number 5. Thank you. Excellent post. Iwndwyt.
Congrats on 365! I really enjoyed this post I needed to hear #5 (the first one ) today! Keep it up!! 
I had a crap day at work today the thought of having a beer tonight to deal and decompress crept in and was sitting there in my mind as I worked through the day.... I NEEDED to read your post.  I especially needed to read #3 and #7. Soooo I went to target after work and got four puzzles and a coloring book. Feels kinda weird since for so long my answer to stress was to drink but Im giving it a try! Congrats on the 365 days that's an amazing accomplishment! And thank you for your post and taking the time to impart some wisdom to your fellow SDers. You made a big difference in a stranger's day today!
Congratulations! I agree and have dealt with all the things you've said so far..wise words!!!
#7.... I found so many hobbies when I quit drinking for a year. Shit canned them all when I went back for 2 months. Now I'm like fuck that I miss doing things other than staying out until 3am and waking up with.... well... you know what I mean. Congrats on the year! 
Perfectly said!!! Congrats!  This is a magical place!  I will not drink with you today - WOOHOO!!!! 
This sub gives me hope for humanity. It is so supportive...Congratulations friend; on your journey and thank you for your incredibly insightful and honest reflections. ..Iwndwyt
Sober on! I've been craving a drink all day and reading your post gave me strength to reach for a sparkling water instead. IWNDWYT
Congrats on one year!
Happy first birthday and congrats! I will toast your success with a glass of coconut la croix!!.IWNDWYT
I love what you said here!  Thanks for sharing it helps...4.) There are 80358309548 paths to sobriety and not one of them is better than any of the others. Each of us have to find what works for us. Even if that means we try over and over again. We support each other....never criticize...5.) I don't obligate myself to anything I am not 100% comfortable with. My sobriety is so important that my friends know I will drop each and every one of their asses from my life if they don't respect my sobriety and the change I have made in my life. Alcohol was killing me....but let me think about YOUR feelings when it comes to me drinking. Sometimes being sober makes other people uncomfortable and that is ok. ..Thank you thank you!  I just overcame these things myself...it refreshing to know you had this experience as well. Congrats on your sobriety and new found perspective. 
That is my goal. One year. 1/3rd of that has passed by. I hope I can meet a grillfriend or something so I dont feel so dang empty.
Raw and honest inspiring excellent post.  Congratulations on 1 year!
Whoo hoo! Thanks for sharing. I'm happy for you. I will not drink with you today.
Damn.  Thanks for your insight.  I like this a lot.  Many ideas to take with me and tools for my own belt.  Not drinkin with ya today.
Thank you for sharing so many truths!!! I'm inspired by your insight. I will not drink with you today!
Yay you on your 1 year.  Inspiring you've covered all the ruminations one goes through on this journey even the mom issues (arghhh).  I do think the biggest challege is the new life you create each day to maintain sobriety  leaves behind the familiar life.  And it can feel boring or lonely and can take years of attempts because your not ready to leave that life yet.  The beauty is it is replaced little by little with everything you've ever wanted in life. Great job and thanks for the insightful post.
Congrats! that is huge...&gt;&gt; I can drink whenever I want. This is actually the truth...I can. We all can. But I make a choice not to drink. It's funny cause my therapist just asked me this week "Are you ever going to drink again?" I told him I would never be able to answer that question but in this moment of time this minute....I choose not to drink. I don't concern myself with tomorrow or the day after that. Cause it's not promised to any of us and I will deal with life when it happens....not worry about what has yet to come. ..This point really hit home.
Congrats!  I loved the 2nd number 5.  Focusing on right now today this moment...I have to remind myself of that when thoughts start drifting to events in the future. .Thank you!  IWNDWYT!
Your #5 is brilliant and inspiring.  Thanks for sharing!
Congratulations! This is so amazing and I'm so proud and happy for you. This made me cry. Truly inspiring and a reminder to keep going. I completely resonate with what you told your therapist. I can't think about the long term. I can only focus on now. And today I will not be drinking with you. 
Congrats!  I will not drink with you today!
I needed to read that. Its a hard pill to swallow. Either i quit or die.
