-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81bf6q/extremely_tempted_to_drink_and_liquor_store_next/

I've posted on here quite a bit during my almost-month of sobriety and honestly I've hit kind of an emotional low point and feel the need to vent again. Over the past few months I've been struggling with my mental health issues low energy and poor time management and I haven't had time to go to the workout classes I usually love. I typically put a lot of energy into working out and maintaining a really specific body type and I just don't look that way anymore. I drive a ridiculous amount each week for my job and I'm pretty out of shape - I feel like I spend most of my time either sitting in a car or at a desk. I'm frustrated discouraged and angry at myself...I'm so tempted to drink it's ridiculous. Though the body image issues aren't the cause of everything that's been stressing me out lately they definitely seem to have triggered something tonight. I feel incredibly depressed and I want something (aka alcohol) that will take me out of my own head and away from these painful consuming feelings. I find myself questioning: why am I doing this? Why am I keeping myself from the one thing that eases up on these emotions that makes me feel calm and optimistic? Why am I making myself miserable? Then I remember: I used to drink almost every night to block out the subtler emotions that eventually built up to create whatever depression I'm experiencing right now. I'm remembering the countless parties social activities etc. I'd spend weeks looking forward to and then have to leave early because I was drunk and incoherent. I remember being drunk at family dinners on holidays and on random weeknights because I could *never* stop myself at just one or two when more were available. I remember knowing people were worried about me and pretending I didn't care. ..I feel emotionally desperate. I hate how my body looks am confused and in a lot of pain about some of the issues in my current relationships and am regretful of the past and wondering if I will ever fucking ever find the courage and insight to truly move forward. My current therapist seems to think I'm a loser and isn't self-aware enough to realize that she's communicating this to me which like....doesn't help a ton. ..Thanks for listening Reddit!! I'm trying my best to avoid a drink but I don't know if I'm gonna make it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Be gentle with yourself. You've already found the courage and insight to move forward by not drinking for the last 29 days. When I'm feeling low I remind myself that while my feelings are real they're not necessarily reality. I hope you feel better soon!
If you avoid that drink..something you can feel proud of...Is your job so far that you can't bicycle.would keep you in shape...remember those parties and what an idiot you made of yourself do you really want to go back to that again? Drinking again will only make your body look worse...coming from a senior alcoholic who hasn't managed to quit yet...after losing a father brother nephew and a couple of friends to alcohol...just sayin
Drinking definitely makes my body look worse and I'm sure yours too!.Can you join a gym and find time to start going a few days a week? It helps me so much with my mood in addition to keeping me in shape..IWNDWYT friend   
I'm not a fan of the therapist I know that much. I don't really care what the deal is--if being with her makes me feel smaller I'm out. It's the one person I'm literally *paying* to hold a supportive space. If I'm not feeling cared for I'm gone so fast there's a breeze...Anyway! Have you ever worked with a somatic bodyworker? Bodywork went further toward healing my body issues than talk therapy ever could. It is a direct conversation with your body about the fact that it is worthwhile just as it is and over time your body comes to believe and shows your mind the way. &lt;3
