-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81hp19/sobriety_is_no_joke/

you guys I'm sorry to check in here so frequently but I literally have no one else to turn to. When I first quit drinking I thought continuing sobriety would be easy given the obvious and immediate benefits: waking up with no hangover! More energy! Seeing the world more clearly! Better attention span! New insight into work relationships etc.; everything is so clear without the haze of tipsiness and/or a hangover! etc. etc...One month in and I'm literally fantasizing about a drink in the middle of the day. I'm working from home today and I would love to sip wine to quiet the buzz of anxiety pain guilt fear and distraction that follows me wherever I go and won't stop getting louder. I still harbor the same issues I did when I was drinking only now I'm left without the (maladaptive addictive harmful) coping skill I used to make coexisting with them bearable. I'm questioning my decision to quit multiple times per day and keep coming up with sneaky little rationalizations for having a glass of wine a beer or a gin and tonic (no one needs to know I'm not really an addict I've proved I can moderate my drinking after a month of sobriety etc. etc.)..I'm making an appointment with a psychiatrist today and looking into a new therapist (my current one kinda sucks) so those are steps in the right direction. In the meantime I'm struggling with how damn difficult sobriety is and wondering if it gets better. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm pretty sure this sub is here so that people can check in frequently. It's hard staying sober. What works for me is to write down all the dumb stuff I have done while drunk on a piece of paper. Ive asked some friends for help for things I cant quite remember. I keep that close to me at all times so I can look at it if I ever get the urge.
like you when i quit drinking i quickly realized that alcohol wasn't the problem.  my problem is how i perceive life.  i'm anxious fearful and overly sensitive.  i needed to change my thinking.  there are a number of ways to do this and your psychiatrist will present them to you.  what worked for me was alcoholics anonymous.  they have a program that shows me how to change my thinking.  best of luck!
Today is 30 days today and all I have been doing is crying off and on. Sat in my car at school and cried before lunch. I am so sad and I'm not sure why. Hang in there...sobriety is tough but admitting you have a problem was even tougher. Iwdwyt
Right there with ya fairydust. I miss a lot of things about drinking and am wondering if I ever just won't miss them anymore. But I do know that on balance my life is better and I bet you do too. Stay strong. I will not drink with you today.
Have you read This Naked Mind?  I found it helped alter my perception so I didn't see Alcohol the same way.  It helped.  I wonder if you indulge your fantasies by dwelling on them lingering in them?  I found that I had to nip those thoughts in the bud to get them to stop quicker.  After a while I had them much less frequently now? Never.  I mean now when I think of or see booze it's not the same at all.  Not tempting.  Stick with it Fairy friend!!! You've got a whole month of progress you're going to make it!  You're *awesome* and you can do this!      I will not drink with you today 
