-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81ilyt/day_4_checking_in_as_societally_acceptable_as/

It's not been easy but I've done it. Have been feeling pretty anxious/off but I've battled and won with substances before so I'm treating this as just another substance because that's exactly what it is.. but I'll be damned if it isn't easy to forget that sometimes because of the role it plays in social life...On that note I'm starting to realize how important choosing your company is. Recently reconnected with an old friend a great influence. Sometimes you have to go out of your way to surround yourself with variables that are conducive to the changes you wish to make...I actually feel kind of OK right now perhaps because the sun is out. I'm getting mentally prepared to have a weekend with a GF and friends who drink regularly but I've already broken the news to her about me shooting for a week.. and while I haven't disclosed to her how bad it's really been for me she's aware I have a problem with moderation...I like this sub because I can talk to people who understand the struggle- I don't have those people in my face to face life. You may be strangers but you are real compassionate people and I thank you for all of your encouragement...It's a very windy day. I'm hopeful to think they are the winds of change. 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you on the East Coast?  Those "winds of change" are roaring in here at 65 mph!!!  I like this sub too and for the same reasons.  This is the first time I feel like I'm not in this alone and it's made all the difference.  When I'm around my friends (they all drink) I try to think of myself as the bad ass rebel of the group.  You can do this.   Have a good weekend Yay.
I feel fairly certain that odds-wise we probably *do* all know more people like us in real life... But I know how guilty and ashamed I was and the trouble I took to conceal my problems and convince everyone   myself included!   that I was OK when really I was going under...Even some of the people who love me most have been surprised that I'm cool with making this a permanent thing.  My lovely sister   who drove me to an AA meeting when I was at my lowest   still asked me yesterday if I would need a taxi booking for a family event next week because she  didn't want to assume' I'd still not be drinking! ..You sound good friend   stay strong and do what's best for you.  I've found that as long as I'm happy that's probably all that the people who love me need to be able to understand about my choices.  Have a good day  :)
Aw what a nice post.  They *are* winds of change grab them and go!!! .    have a great time not drinking with your friends this weekend I know you can 
