-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81m0z4/i_have_no_doubt_sd_has_saved_my_life_today_it_may/

My best friend the person who's been MY lifeline more times than I can count reached out to me today from a really dark place. She's been struggling with a deep depression and thoughts of suicide. ..While I've never struggled with suicidal ideation I definitely have had many battles with depression. And I know what it feels like to want to escape life through the bottom of a bottle. Or as  I heard once in AA  suicide on an installment plan. ..I was so grateful that she reached out to me. So grateful that I was in a place where I could maybe help. Even if that help was nothing more than telling her how much I loved her and asking her to believe me instead of the lies depression was whispering to her. ..I know I can't save her or fix what's wrong. Just like nobody could fix me when I was drinking. But I am going to see her tomorrow and make sure she has the support she needs. Maybe I'll share my story. It's different than hers but some of the things she was saying really hit me hard. So familiar. So easy to believe. Until you find the strength or support to fight back. ..Thank you to everyone here who helped me with my struggle. I hope I can pay all if that forward. 
----------immediate responses--------

I hope she feels better soon and I'm so glad you're able to be a fully present friend to her. 
That's great hopefully you can help her through it.  
Suicide on an installment plan. That hits home
I've felt alone helpless and depressed in the past. It's an awful place to be. Well done you for supporting her through this. Stay strong. 
You are a kind soul paying it forward. Ive been in a similar situation as your friend and they definitely are grateful and lucky to have you be there for them. Best of luck to both of you. IWNDWYT 
This is one of the best things about being sober. It feels awesome to help someone else see the light. It's like expressing our gratitude for our sobriety. I hope your friend listens to you. No matter what you say you just being there for her is a blessing. Don't forget to mind your own sobriety too!
Installment plan.  I like that...so accurate.
For me there's such a strong link between alcohol and depression. It's not like I don't get down when I'm dry but the real soul-crushing darks stuff only comes when there's been alcohol in my system. ..Your friend can do this. My thoughts out to you both.
We're rooting for her and for you! Does she have an internet connection? She might like it here! ..I'm glad you were able to be there for your friend. It's those sort of victories---feeling like I'm capable and able to help people---that make me feel good. IWNDWYT!
Beautiful!
Thanks for sharing. SD has been a gift to me. I hope you and your friend are well. ..I won't be drinking with you today.
