-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81qep4/a_difficult_night_struggling_with_anger_and/

Last night was a night I had been dreading. A dinner out with friends who live for craft beer and enjoy the epicurean delights of food and wine etc. I didn't want to cancel on them as they came all the way from North Carolina to Virginia to see me. ..I also didn't want to tell them the truth about not drinking because I am too embarrassed. I just said I was taking a break to work on diet and exercise. Everyone seemed a little surprised but dinner went on. I was dead miserable watching others enjoy wine and beer while I had plain soda water. It was painful...Later my friend tried so hard to get to relax and have a special beer she picked out because it had "kitten" in the name and I love cats. I finally agreed to take it home I think my husband threw it away. ..Does it ever get easier to socialize? Several times last night I thought my only solution would be to kill myself or pray to get a fatal disease. I can't live my life this way. I have a problem with telling myself "no." Knowing I am not allowed to drink makes me want to that much more...My friends are still in town and want to visit breweries. i know I can't go and I am sad I feel our friendship dissolving already. Pretty soon I will be alone and friendless. This is no life. Not a life worth living at any rate. I do not know how I am going to survive my joy of life is gone. I take pleasure in nothing. I hate myself...Thanks for reading. I hoped this would help.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey chin up. What you did last night was a major accomplishment. Sobriety is so much more than not drinking. It really is building a new and different life and it takes awhile to figure out how we fit in a new sober life. ..Craft beer and brewing was a major part of my life before. When i first got sober a part of me felt like i was losing my identity and that was hard and scary. I just finally got up the nerve the other day to sell all of my brewing equipment. ..But since getting sober funny things have happened. Ive branched out. Tried new hobbies and pursued interests that i had been too busy drinking before to chase. Ive started making connections with other people who are sober and who share those new interests. It takes time. You get there. Promise. In the meantime have a nice warm internet hug!
Oh darling I'm sorry you had such a hard time at dinner.  I'm still pretty early in sobriety (this time) and haven't really subjected myself to a "night out" with my heavy drinking friends.  However I have been to bars and restaurants and found that root beer or ginger ale or even coffee makes me feel much better than sipping on plain soda water.  Also hanging out while it's fun and leaving when it's not is an option too.  You're sober enough to drive and stick to your decision if you'd rather just be in bed.  ..Trying to frame things as a choice has really helped a lot too.  It is my choice not to drink and even thought it seems like I'm depriving myself of delicious drinks and fun times I'm actually choosing not to go down the road of black outs hangovers money loss weight gain and shame - and choosing to build a life of interests and relationships outside of drinking...Anyway I hope you're doing okay please don't hate yourself.    
I feel your pain. It's hard to imagine a life without alcohol to make things fun and manageable. I felt very much the same way you do the  first time I quit. Now I've lost so much to alcohol I don't feel the anger this time around. Please hang in there. Keep posting. Try and get some counseling. Look for sober people to connect with. Mostly be gentle with yourself. You're making a huge life change and it's going to take awhile to adjust. I'm dealing with depression and anger (mostly at myself for not quitting sooner) and I know how overwhelming it is. But trust me things can get so much worse if you don't put the bottle down now. I'm losing the love of my life bc of alcohol and what I wouldn't give to be back where you are now and a second chance to push through that initial pain. I believe in you and your ability to find happiness again. I won't drink with you today  
