-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81qivu/sleep_problems/

Does anyone else have sleep problems? I hesitate to say I have a sleep problem since quitting drinking because for the average week I get enough total sleep. However I'm struggling to get out of this rut of falling asleep between 8 and 9 PM and waking up for the day between 2 and 4 am. This past week I tried forcing myself to stay up till 11 for a few nights. I'd sleep until 5 and then be exhausted so I'd crash at 8 the following night. ..When I was drinking I'd stay up till 10 during the week easily or 2 on the weekends. Anyone else have an issue even remotely similar to this?
----------immediate responses--------

Watch your caffeine consumption sugar and tv/computer use at night because that really interferes with a good quality sleep...Good sleep cycles and crappy sleep cycles are the norm in the early months... but when you get a good sleep cycle it's the most beautiful sleep ever...
I've found regular exercise has helped with my sleep.
Trade? I fall asleep between 11-12 and wake around 6-7. I would LOVE to be asleep by 8 and wake up at 4!..Try exercising and maybe switching to black tea. Coffee used to make me wired for half the day then exhausted and crashed early in the evening. 
I do that on purpose!  Well I wake up at 4 not 2.  It keeps a person out of trouble though so there's that! 
Yeah this happened to me all of the time last year. I finally had it under control until I started taking Wellbutrin a few weeks ago. Now it's back worse than ever. I finally had a full 8 hours last night after taking melatonin and CBD oil. Slept *hard*. Although I was slightly groggy waking up it was really nice to have a full night of sleep. I also try to avoid coffee after 12 noon.
Oh man my first month was a living hell because of my sleep...One thing that helped me a lot was just improving my sleep hygiene. I turn off my electronics a half hour before bed I leave my phone completely outside of my room to not be tempted and I try to wake up / go to sleep at the same time every day. Also a good sleepy time tea is invaluable and if it's okay in your books a good indica a few hours before bed...More than anything though it's just going to take time. For me almost every night of that first month was hell; it definitely got worst before it got better. But then as it by magic each day got a little better and a little easier and now my sleep is mostly like heaven with occasional "phantom hangovers" that are easily shaked off. 
Exercise and melatonin help me on worknights also there are some amazing free meditation apps and videos etc out there for when you wake up in the early morning with a racing mind (me). Melatonin is a safe sleep aid but i dont usually take it on weekends or days off. And for some people it gives them pretty vivid dreams! Hope all is well!
