-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81r2m4/i_made_through_my_strongest_urge_to_date/

Life had been strolling along I had been doing so well. Looking foward to sharing how I had gotten to Day 60 without that wicked poison...then around day 57 something changed. .I began internalizing how great a beer would taste. I thought of how great a buzz would feel. I wanted to just "have one more buzz". My husband goes to bed early my kids aren't around...yep Friday night is going to be the night. I will take the trash out and no one will be the wiser. I made a comment at work with the girls ( they were saying they were hitting the bar) that I made it 60 days....dead silence....yep no one cares. I am getting that beer after all. .I got home whipped up some delicious grub and waited.....And waited...I got on here to try and find the right post to stop me. I drank about 6 glasses of water. Finally! The husband goes to bed! I throw on my shoes and go outside to the car. .And pull my car in the garage.  .I stopped myself. I walked in and admitted it was a bad idea. My husband had gotten back up and I admitted to him that I'm struggling. He gave me a great big bear hug. That really helped. .So after 8 hrs...here's what my thoughts are:.*drink the crap out of water! (I realized I had been living on soda the last few days).*tell SOMEONE if you are really wanting to drink (preferably a non drinker).*make yourself a deal to clean something difficult to slow you down ( i cleaned the kitchen last night).*come here and read the stories.Thanks for being here today everyone! You really have gotten me through to day 61!.I promise I won't drink with you today! Much love from the middle of nowhere.Bobster ..
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you woke up today feeling so proud of yourself. To stop yourself in the midst of acting on a craving... that takes real strength. AND you got to wake up this morning to a clean kitchen and a clear head! Way to go!!
You *rock* Bobster! What a great share. I'm here right next to ya...I will not drink with y'all today 
&gt;He gave me a great big bear hug. ..Where do you live?  I'm coming to steal your husband!!  Really proud of you Bobster.  You're an inspiration to me today.
That hug is key. Really really important. You know who to be open with communicate ask for help to your partner  it even reinforces your relationship too! High five to both you and your husband from me i am very happy for both of you it's a great accomplishment!
You inspire me! Thank you!
I learned in rehab a great way to deal with  craving (saved me at least one time last month). If you crave this badly: just postpone the moment you're gonna buy alcohol for 30 minutes. The craving usually stops after 15 minutes. .You did something comparable. .
