-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81z0p7/200_days_feeling_like_im_cured/

For some reason a switch seems to have flipped in my head. For 200 days I've been sober with surprising ease. Few temptations and almost no "close calls" where I considered a drink...But suddenly I've been struggling a lot. I keep getting these strong desires to have a drink followed inevitably by niggling thoughts. "You've gone 200 days you've shown that you can control alcohol. Maybe you should try moderating again."..I keep playing it forward to the part where I slowly descend back into excessive drinking but they keep coming back. It's been frustrating how close I've gotten to believing those thoughts about my alcoholism being "cured."..I'm hoping it's just a phase that will pass. Maybe it's the weather making me think it's the time for a "refreshing" beer. Maybe just an old habit that I haven't had a chance to reprogram yet since I haven't been sober during a spring yet.
----------immediate responses--------

circa 200 days and going through exactly the same thing.  You are most definitely not alone!
Don't give in it will pass. I gave in after being sober for 12 years; put me on a one year progressive bender. You're never cured. Beware of yourself. Best Wishes
I like to remember this:..**you know there's a problem when... the first thing you want to do when you're  cured  is go get a drink** ..Let's not fall for it!!! Can you juice up your defence game until it passes?  We're all here supporting you to hang in there.  I will not drink with you today  
When the thoughts occur can you counter them with the fact that normal drinkers don't wrestle with these questions and therefore by having the thoughts you have your answer?..Or maybe consider that drinking in order to answer the question is not a good method because if you're wrong things could become very very bad. That's not even close to worth it to me. ..I'm still innocent while the jury in my head deliberates. So I keep the jury out forever sequestered with no access to the wider world. That way I never risk conviction at all. ;-)
What I wouldn't give to be at 200 days right now. You obviously don't need alcohol so why succumb? I'm so glad you're posting this and shining a light in the darkness. You're an inspiration  
When I feel like this sometimes I go back and read some of the literature that helped me quit in the first place. Never hurts to get a refresher.
Spring weather is a reminder for me but not drinking is the best gift I have given myself family friends and colleagues and I ain't going back. I know that I am not cured. Hang in there -- really we get better and better but as we say in therapy "about the only thing that gets cured is a ham".
I understand! But I just have to remind myself that the only "cure" is staying away from the bottle.
Is it worth it? I can live without it so why choose a potential hell again?
I relapsed a couple of times when I had more than 6 months sober. Each time it was because I thought "I've got this just one". Both tims turned into "well I can moderate". And then both times into "fuck it". The decline took about a month or so each time...So now any time I get those thoughts I actively remind myself that .* I have been attempting to stay sober for 15 years.* that every time I think "I've got it and can drink responsibly" I blow it.* that I am clever in coming up with excuses to drink.* and my only fix that works for me is **JUST DON'T**...
