-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82cg2m/cutting_back_doesnt_work_and_im_a_monster/

I thought I was getting better - a couple glasses of wine a week with dinner after the gym. I was eating real food again and not relying on essentially "eating beer" for dinner. I was staying hydrated and hiking on Saturday mornings instead of nursing my hangover...But then this weekend I visited my best friend - I started drinking and didn't stop for four straight days. This was heavy drinking even by my standards...And I blacked out and did something so deplorable I'm not sure I'll be able to forgive myself. I'm back in withdrawal (albeit mild) and my anxiety is out of control...The part that hurts the most? My friend blamed herself for enabling me and then forgave me. Immediately. She knows Blackout Me is a demon/Mr. Hyde who destroys everything she  touches. She knows that isn't the real me. Instead of screaming at me or telling me to leave she sat me down told me what I did... and begged me to get help because she loves me...I'm going to schedule an appointment with a cognitive behavioral therapist tomorrow and my friend who goes to AA invited me along to a meeting. I'm so lucky to have friends who are understanding of how much I struggle with this and who are concerned instead of judgemental...It's one thing to destroy my life... but it's another to nearly destroy my best friend's life. This has to stop. Tomorrow will be Day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

Boom!  Sounds like a plan!  Glad you're here!
AA saved my life but it is not just going to meetings. I had to actually work the steps. CBT helped me as well in that it taught me to not dwell on negative thoughts. 
AA is actively saving my life! Don't let the religion aspect scare you off I'm not religious and it still works for me. I have a solid group of sober friends who hold me accountable. You can do this!
Welcome! After many experiments on my part I finally realized that the only way for me to not drink until I blackout is to not take that first sip. Not drinking is so much easier than the stress of trying to moderate. IWNDWYT!
Day 1 is better than day none! The fact that you're back shows you want to beat this thing. It's the same with me. I've had many false starts. The last time I fell off the wagon I went on a 2.5 year drinking spree. Then I was right back to where I started. Getting drunk sometimes being abusive or just being a general twat being uber fat incredibly lazy..plus everything else! Something changed in my mindset December 2017. I just said calmly to myself this time I'm going for it. And now I'm 64 days of not being that. Sometimes it's a bit of 'the straw that broke the camel's back'. Of course having SD is very helpful. I've a long way to go but we all have a day 1! Embrace it and good luck!
It sounds like you've got some really good people in your life. ..IWNDWYT.   
You have someone in your life that cares and seems to understand and that's a really good thing. I could never have just 1 so welcome to the club on that. Stay positive and remember that everyone needs help sometime and there's nothing wrong with admitting that you are part of 'everyone'.
