-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82ec3o/507_days_sober/

I used to check this sub daily to monitor my day count [seriously its the best tool ever] now I occasionally browse when scrolling through Reddit - the 500 day mark flew by! ..500 day milestones include finally applying and getting accepted into a grad program. I've been saying I would go back for just about 10 years but always found excuses and could never follow through with a plan past doing online research. Enrolled in two classes a local community college that start next week to help me prepare for the program. ..My best friend and I are taking our moms on a trip to Italy next month - neither of them have been out of the country before. Doing something like this for a parent was always a dream of mine. When the opportunity arose I actually had the money vacation days and positive relationship with my mom that would allow us to be around each other for an extended period of time! ..Going up for promo at work and even if it doesn't happen I know that I can always try again next cycle :)  ..Finally let go of a big crutch since I quit drinking alcohol and that's soda! I quit at the beginning of this year and it is a challenge. I still struggle daily with sugar cravings that I never had before I stopped drinking but working on managing my diet and exercising more. ..Which brings me to my last update - I finally signed up for dance classes at a local theatre. I've wanted to do something like this for years but never had the motivation. One my first day I met at 60 year old woman who is a self described 'late bloomer' and didn't start dancing until the age of 40 - inspiring! ..Sharing because I'm not special just deliberate about my decisions. Once you commit to doing one thing it becomes easier to commit to others. It sounds cheesy but there really is no choice other than to take it one day at a time and commit to making one small change a day and sticking to it. My small change started with not drinking and the life I've been waiting for began after that! #SiSePuede #NotDrinkingWithYouToday 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow wow wow! This is what sobriety looks like to me. I'm taking the chains off and start building that life I have denied myself for far too long. I am moving from the not drinking to building the life I want which sometimes involves decisions about priorities hard work and reality. 
Congrats on grad school and all of the other amazing positive developments in your life that is huge!..I kicked sugar as well but I did 3 months of strict keto and not only did that also help me lose roughly 60 pounds and it really just did wonders for my mental well being and mental acuity...I super suggest trying to do keto strictly for 30 days. Flushing your body of all of those sugas will help so much with your cravings. I used r/keto for all of the info. ..After keto I eat what most people will call modified palo but I will eat a slice of pizza here some rice there some french fries there but 90% of my eating is clean healthy whole foods. ..I will also say when I am I do keto (cause I usually do a 2 month strict keto stint a year now) I can focus like a laser and maybe you will find studying in grad school easier.
These are wonderful things you've got going on! Italy will be better than you imagine I'm sure. What a great experience to share with friends and mothers!   
Well done and being sober taking your mum to Italy and the dancing. Just shows how many positive large things occur when the poison is no longer in our bodies!
Awesome job! The days counter has helped me a ton too. 
Amazing update!! You are an inspiration to me!! Congratulations!!
This is incredibly inspiring. One huge motivator for me to quit drinking is to not completely waste my money. I dream about traveling all the time but never have the  means  to do so yet I can spend $25 a day on drinking? Nah! That money is now going to a travel account and I hope to take my first vacation in a LONg time by the end of this year! Thanks for the post proving it's possible!!  
Hey OP! This is pretty neat that I saw this today. I have an app on my phone called "CleanTime Counter" and I randomly opened it yesterday and saw I have 502 days. Missed my 500 days (pretty sure my badge is off by a few days) but cool to see someone with close to the same time as me!..I got a job with a huge corporation back in June and I am about to buy another house after selling mine and moving back to the rents while I figured my life out. It's amazing what not picking up a bottle will do for us.
AWESOME!!
What a great story. I love the comment about being deliberate about your decisions. Congratulations on everything. 
GO YOU.  This is really inspiring to read and sounds like you're deciding on and achieving your dreams.  
This is all so great! Thanks so much for the update. 
