-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82o9bv/is_moderation_even_possible/

I'm up at 4am after passing out last night.  I actually wasn't even that drunk; just tipsy - I had maybe 3 glasses (?) of wine.  2 cans to be exact.  I'm buying separate cans of wine so I don't polish off a bottle in a night.  And I don't feel too terrible either but I definitely don't feel good about this at all...I'm terrified to stop drinking.  I want to be able to enjoy ONE drink maybe once a week but I can't seem to do that.  One turns into three + three or four times a week.  I feel like crap the next day if not physically then emotionally.  Guilt regret shame.....I have a few protective factors going for me: I work three night shifts a week so that's three nights I'm definitely not drinking.  And I've never gone to work drunk.  I generally don't drink before 5pm but that depends on social situations...My not-so-protective factors include a recent depressive episode with a tentative diagnosis of bipolar.  Family history of alcoholism. Impulsivity...especially when it comes to drinking. ..What I struggle with is the fear of not being able to enjoy myself without a drink.  The fear of breaking a sober streak.  The fear of slipping into a binge...Maybe moderation just creates more anxiety than it's worth.  It takes so much mental energy and calculated restraint to just stop having another damn glass.  It's bothersome and at times exhausting.  I just want to enjoy drinking like a normal person without the fight.....Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

For most of us moderation isn't possible because we're hooked on one of the most addictive substances on the planet and reintroducing that substance into our bodies makes our brains catch fire. For what it's worth as I often say here all structured moderation programs begin with an abstinent period of 6-12 months to let the brain heal and begin to rewire. And as I and every other alcoholic has said if I could drink like a normal person I'd drink every day. But the fact that I say that at all indicates moderation isn't in the cards. ..Moderation was fucking misery for me. I was a 5pm drinker with a very posh little life. But I was miserable. I was also terrified of quitting but now that I'm feeling so much better it's hard to remember what I was terrified of in the first place.
If I could drink moderately I would be drinking right now to celebrate 
What terrifies you about stopping?  Why exactly is it so scary?..Moderation for me was so stressful.  I could do it ...until I couldn't...I would do much rather break a sober streak or slip into a binge than live in a constant tug of war I can't win or I can't win without expending huge energy.
I think moderation is almost impossible for most of us on SD.  I wish I could have a glass of wine or a good beer and be satisfied but I know I'm not wired that way and believe me I have experimented for years with moderation before learning this.  Stay strong and I wish you the best! 
I think of moderation like I think of playing the piano. Lots of people are good at it or at least can tinkle away a little tunefully. I really can't play piano. I have tried to teach myself piano but it is a LOT of effort and practice and constant application - and there's so much to think about! Every time I come close to mastering the first few bars of Chopsticks I think "meh" and go and play guitar or harmonica or sing or pick up a drum or go and garden or make a new pickle or do anything other than play piano. There are all these other things I am good at [or at least feel satisfied with] and enjoy applying myself to. So it is with me and moderation - it's just so much effort. And I'm not good at it. ..In the past because I wasn't good at it and it took so much effort I'd go "meh" and go and do only one of the other gazillion things I could do instead and drink until I was drunk...Now I go "meh" about moderation and go and do a gazillion other things that are not drinking. ..Kinda amazing really - how we approach drinking/not drinking like "not drinking" is just one activity - when actually it is every conceivable activity in the world except for that one activity which is drinking alcohol.. 
&gt;I just want to enjoy drinking like a normal person ..After many attempts I accepted what life had for me.  Then everything got simple...At first I acted as a person with a peanut allergy:   I just want to eat a peanut butter and jelly sandwich like everyone else. ..Then I acted like a person allergic to bee stings:   I just want to work in an apiary and harvest honey. ..I kept harming myself and others...Finally I recognized that I could get mad sad yell cry wail plead rail scream plead and more.  I tried different approaches new rules....I tried different kinds of peanuts...roasted raw boiled ground.....I worked with honey bees African bees wasps hornets bumblebees.....  each approach brought me right back to the same place...Then I accepted how I was in MY life not someone else's experience.
The only method of moderation which has ever worked for me was to use a time-locked safe. I'd buy the precise amount of alcohol I wanted to drink and then lock all my money and cards in the safe until the next morning.
NO! moderation is impossible (for me at least).IWNDWYT
It's really difficult for me.  I say I will have one drink and the next thing I know I've had six. I guess you need to figure out what works for you.
