-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82ohnw/struggeling/

I just can't seem to get past the one week mark...Been struggling with alcohol issues for about 10 years (give or take. It is difficult to pinpoint the excact time of when use turned into abuse). I am now soon 31 years old...Been trying to get better for years but for around 4 weeks ago I really started the journey to get better. Had the right mindset was ready to face whatever was coming. ..Went ok for some days. Managed to not drink during the weekdays felt strong and powerful. Then weekend hit.....I work as a bartender every friday and saturday night. I just cannot get myself to quit drinking at work. Too much temptation. Too much stress. And all this  free  alcohol surrounding me whilst I try to cope with wasted sometimes rude customers. It is not easy. ..Because I fuck up every time I am at work I have started to sort of give up the weekdays also. Have not been drinking during weekdays for around 3 weeks now but I slipped yesterday and am currently on a buzz. ..Does anyone have experience being an alcoholic bartender? .( am meeting my psychologist tomorrow...)..Btw English is my second language so I appologize for any mistakes.
----------immediate responses--------

Not a bartender but worked in the food service industry for a few years -- you are right it's a challenge sometimes!! I don't have any great advice other than to keep on trying and to absolutely take advantage of your psychologist as a resource...Beyond that I'm glad you posted. It's always helpful to hear what people are going through. Thank you!..I will not drink with you today!
I've definitely seen people post on here before who are or have been bartenders so I'm sure they'll share their experiences.  Are you planning to have another go at quitting alcohol?
Perhaps you could find a different weekend job? Working at a bar just seems like asking for trouble...it sure would be for me!!! Don't quit being a quitter in the meantime - it's all good practice and any day without alcohol is a step in the right direction! IWNDWYT.
