-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82vuvs/starting_again/

Quit drinking for six years and was so happy not to have to think about (obsess about) alcohol. It was truly a gift. Even going through some tough times (break up job drama) I never once thought of drinking again. ..Four years in once a year or so I would try to  drink like a normal person  and it always ended with me hungover. That seemed to be a reminder enough at the time that I was not  fixed.  So I went back on the wagon again without a second thought. ..Another year would go by and I would try it again. Same result. Now it's been 15 months of me drinking regularly (weekly now every other day) 90 percent of the time hungover or if not hungover obsessing about it. Now... I'm not back to where I started when I first quit (a mess) but it's going that way I fear. Either intoxicated or hungover seems to be the norm these last two weeks. So I've decided to give this no drinking thing a go again...My struggle at the moment is that when I first quit I was such a mess when I drank that it was beyond obvious to me and everyone I knew that this was a  problem.  This time around it's only me that sees and feels the problem. How toxic alcohol is for my brain and body. Nothing horrible has happened (like before) so I've kind of kept this up for the last year...  Moderating.  But I see where it's headed...Any tips from people who had a long-ish stretch started again and came back? Or a story similar to mine? I want the motivation to keep going and not drink. My issue is the bad things I did seem so faraway now. And the good feelings I have from not drinking are equally far away. I'm in a weird purgatory place. But I know alcohol and I can't be friends...I'm going to Paris this weekend and I've always romanticized a wine and cheese weekend. It's going to be hard for me not to have that wine but I know it's time for me to be done even though it's not convenient for this special trip. My life is more important. ..Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! I haven t had as long and consistent stretches as you but I can relate. I ve spent in particular the last few years moderating (hah! at least "trying") with sober stretches of a month or two here and there. I never got to the quiet place so every sober stretch sucked. The last year or so it was quickly going out of hand and I too could see where it was going. The thing that settled it for me was the brain cloud. That dark fog taking up space in my head making me lose focus on everything from wife and kids to work and myself. That nagging voice on in my ear *con-stant-ly* bugging me to drink. I wasn t the one to ruin my world (my wife kept me in check) but I did ruin my mind and I can t live with that. I can t live with being any less than I can be. That s motivation enough for me...And you are so right; your life is more important...
 Can't live with being any less than I can be  really resonates. We only get one shot at this life eh? I'm going to keep reminding myself that. Thank you.
 Purgatory  is a great descriptor.  I am one day in and feeling ok.  Neither here nor there...very worried about what not drinking is going to look like.  Also looking forward to no hangovers but not yet feeling the effects of sobriety just yet.  So I kinda feel like I'm in limbo as well...Maybe if we just approach it case by case...and just not worry about it.  We can know for sure we're not drinking at this moment and maybe that's all we need to know!..Good luck and have fun in Paris!
Omg - I could have written this - this is totally me - totally! .I am scared to death of failing - I must must must think of this as a daily achievement - I will not drink today - I can't think of it any bigger then that otherwise I know I will fail -.This is my third time of stopping - I've stopped for 7months and then 5 months - and now I'm on my 1 first month again..Temptation is an absolute bitch - I find it so hard..NO ONE THINKS I HAVE A PROBLEM APART FROM ME - I KNOW - it's bad for me - I know I mustn't do it ..It ruins my life completely ..I don't think any of my close family or friends have a healthy relationship with alcohol so they think I should moderate rather than stop..I can't do that! .My life gets flushed down the toilet when I drink - I want it out of my life forever 
One thing that is helping me a bit with occasions that will normally require alcohol like your cheese night..I'm trying to think - 'would you like some poison with your lovely occasion Madame' xx
I feel you. I think that's one of the hardest parts for me right now. No one can visibly see the struggle / damage so they don't understand what  the big deal is.  They just see me have a couple glasses of wine with them and figure I must be like them. I can have a couple drinks and get on with life. But I can't and I'm not like them (Even when sometimes I dearly wish I was).
