-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82wr2d/road_to_recovery_remains_difficult_struggle_is/

I notice the mornings the hardest. I am not as energetic or clear headed. And sleep is terrible. I didn't realize how much I was being affected by it. Starting to get a middle aged belly too. This all sucks. 
----------immediate responses--------

There are a lot of changes in early sobriety and they can be uncomfortable at times keep putting one foot in front of the other. It will get better and remember you'd already taken the first big step in conquering day 1! It's all about progress not perfection; take a look at how far you've come this go...you've got this! One thing that may help is to read [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82t8q9/halt_a_helpful_acronym_mentioned_by_another/). It's something I have to remember at 8 months frequently...We're here for you and super proud of your accomplishment.
When I first got sober I was surprised to realize just how exhausted I had been and for how long. As time goes by I am realizing just how much my drinking impacted the rest of my life. I was a superstar in grad school but my cognitive functioning was so diminished I was frequently a joke in meetings or the recipient of puzzled head nods as people wondered what the fuck I was talking about. I've watched my physical performance improve and my endurance improved. I watched my *natural* motivation begin to return. My ability to learn and retain information is increasing. ..Welcome back and I know how hard it can be to start again. It is worth it but I am finding it to be a VERY uneven path. Some days are near bliss and other days are hell. I just keep remembering that it was the alcohol that made it like this AND I never have to go through this again.
The early days were tough. I felt emotionally and physically drained. I didn't want to see or speak to anyone (apart from go to meetings). Just make sure you get food into you and make work and put you and your sobriety first. Don't over-complicate your life for a while.    ..It took me a good year to get my energy levels back. Hyperforin L-glutamine and L-theanine all helped me.  
Hey Dd..I know exactly how you feel. I thought I'd be flying high feeling amazing loving everything about everything skinny again by 30 days. That was not in fact the case (for me). Even now I still have some days where it pops into my head and I think "Grrr WHY??" but the reality is that it really is better and it gets better too. ..See big-ol-ham's link below. I didn't want to believe the timeline certainly because I wasn't "that big" of a drinker.  I had done more damage than I thought I did I guess. I was used to a "normal" that was a pretty shitty normal I just didn't realize it. The changes have been subtle and they've been slow. Honestly a lot of times I realize that something is different when I read other peoples' posts! "Oh yeah I don't experience that thing anymore"...I'm still looking and waiting for more improvements. I'm happy to know that those improvements WILL continue to happen for a year or more. It's like waiting for Christmas except you get little gifts every day. I guess that's more like Hanukkah...but it lasts for a year...I digress. ..Bottom line it's going to get better but there will be shitty days too. On those days just remember that not drinking is number one. Middle aged belly? That can wait till tomorrow I'm eating that pizza because damn it's going to be ANYTHING but &lt;insert booze of choice&gt; today. Hang in there we're all there too.
