-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/831c3v/what_is_it_struggling_to_identify_the_real_trigger/

hi guys apologies in advance this is going to be a ramble...so the last two or three relapses i have really struggled to identify what is really triggering me. ..for a long time - i have made it up to 90+ days - i will be on an even keel but then something happens - and when i say something happens i mean literally nothing happens - and i can feel myself starting to slide. ..all of a sudden those bottles around the house start looking tempting like they used to before i made the decision to live a sober life the pub doorways start calling my name at lunchtime and after work my hands start itching to pick up the gin bottle whilst i'm doing the weekly shop and i literally have no idea why. ..i mean sure i can have a shitty day or week i can be PMSing or hungry or stressed or sad or super emotional- but it's not that. it's never that. i get through that and then one morning or evening days later i'll be sneakily chugging wine out of the fridge whilst making dinner for absolutely no good reason. wtf?..it's just like this decision to start drinking again is unconsciously building momentum inside of me the pressure builds whilst i am out and about resisting and living my life going about the day to day and seemingly not thinking about giving in until the dam bursts the scale tips the switch is flicked - and what feels like all of a sudden i break. ..and i don't seem to have any understanding of why. .i feel like if i can finally understand why maybe i will be able to break this cycle for good. ..anyone else get like this? anyone else figured this out? all your thoughts will be gratefully received. and no tonight is not the night. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

For me in the early days it was not particularly helpful to know the "why" although that definitely became part of my recovery over time...At the beginning there was more of a simple acceptance that no matter what I felt drinking was not an option. It was simply off the table. Yes I felt those "building up" feelings you describe but giving in to them was just...not...happening. ..I did learn some basic methods of dealing with all of this. Since you mention drinking while making dinner...well I used to have huge cravings while cooking and learned to eat a small snack! Turns out that part of the trick was to increase my blood sugar...Another thing was distraction. I'd get this wild desire out of nowhere and if I could just go do something else (like ANYTHING) it would pass eventually. Oh and I also noticed that even the really bad moments would pass if I just hung on. Over time there was less hanging on though. It got easier. I bet it will for you too.
I would guess that you may suffer from a chronic progressive fatal disease called alcoholism. I was as stumped as you until I walked into an AA meeting and educated myself about alcoholism. Good news is it can be arrested; bad news is it can never be cured. Good luck. 
I understand what you mean ...........I feel the same way I can feel it building in my mind with no major trigger and then bam I screw up 
Hey bud what have you been doing to strengthen and maintain your sobriety?..It sounds like you and I are similar in that cutting out alcohol is only the start. There wont be continuous sobriety without continuous action.
As has been noted  why  was a distraction from  what ....the actual actions.   Why  occurs in my head and has no corporeal presence cannot be observed or measured is not temporal and not subject to the laws of physics.  In effect  why  does not exist... What  occurs in my body.  The actions I take to stop drinking and live Unimpaired...So for me I needed a program of action.  **That** provided defense against any triggers.  My program includes meetings and the connection and support I get from people in real life...I wasn't successful until I stopped putting  conditions  on what I was willing or not willing to do...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
When I've felt like that it seems like I've forgotten why I decided I shouldn't drink. The horrible things alcohol causes me to be are too distant of a memory that makes it seem like it would be ok to drink again. Another trigger like that is when I stop improving myself if I become too content and not seeking self improvement it feels like it would be ok to drinking. Having something I'm working towards that o know I can only achieve if I am so excited helps me stay on track. 
[removed]
