-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/833a5d/365_days_sober_today_keep_up_the_fight_it_is/

Favorite parts:..Sleeping through the night like a normal person without waking up at 3am super anxious...every night. ..Seeing alcohol for what it is instead of what I romanticized it to be. ..Alcohol told me lies about myself and kept me in fear hiding in shame in plain sight. I got to walk out of the unlocked prison I willingly put myself in as a free person. No more lies and no more shame. Absurd good news. Like a year ago I was scheduled for execution and in an instant I was free though I didn't deserve it. I wake up every day and can't believe I'm still free. I wake up some days thinking I'm waking up in a dream because it's so good and I can't believe it's real life...I got my life back. I got a second chance to live. I got something that some people never get. It is a gift. Life is a gift. ..Sobriety is hard work (especially at first) and it is worth fighting for. ..It's a marathon and not a sprint. It's a battle to fight every day. Some battles are easier won than others. You rest at the end of the day. You get good sleep (finally!). You wake up and fight it again tomorrow. ..Relationships are worth fighting the battle for. Your friends. Your family. Your children. Your spouse. Your mate. ..Being alive instead of a vacant shell of a human being is worth fighting for. ..Fight for your life. Claw your way through if you have to. Give it everything you've got. Fight harder than you have ever fought. Harder than you dreamed you could fight. You are strong. You can be strong. ..It's life or death. Choose life. Alcohol made me a dead person walking...When you learn to cope with struggles in life without numbing yourself with alcohol you can handle stress and suffering anytime. You get better at it every time. Numbing with alcohol keeps you down you don't have skills you don't cope. When you numb stress and pain you numb joy and happiness too. ..You don't have to anymore. You can do it. It is so worth it. You can't believe how worth it is until you get on the other side of the initial physical addiction. You can do it. ..Hit me up if you have questions or want to chat. I'm here for you and want to help you save your life. You matter. Your life is worth saving. You are a precious being. We celebrate you and your life. ..The invitation is always here. You are always welcome. You are NEVER alone. You are worthy. You are worth fighting for...
----------immediate responses--------

Inspiring! I made it to 100 days last year but suffered a few dark nights and badge resets over the winter. Just removed all remnants of alcohol in house and ran 6 miles. It's a start! Glad you're here....
Congrats on a [YEAR!!!!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)..&gt;Sobriety is hard work (especially at first) and it is worth fighting for. ..Yes it is very hard work - but it's completely doable and worth every minute of the fight. We're winning ;)...Thanks for the inspiration :).
I think some of these thoughts sometimes. Especially the worthiness part. Yes to being worthy. Yes it's a marathon clearly. Yes fight on. Thx for this!
Phenomenal. Well done and thank you for this post. Saved!
Congratulations on your milestone!! Right behind ya!! ;)
Congratulations!!! Great post!.
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats!
Good for you 
A lovely post!  I hope you enjoy every minute of this day of reflection and thanks!     a year ago today.  Wow.  Beautifull! .I'm so pleased I'm here to share today not drinking with you 
How did you learn to cope with the struggles burdens sorrows stresses of life specifically? What do you do that helps you turn from alcohol when you want to drown pain or just discomfort?  I am just trying to collect as many ideas as possible to help me stay sober.  Congratulations on on year!  That is a very big deal. IWNDWYT.
Respect.
Neede this today thank you
Congratulations on your year  Some great nuggets in your post about happiness and every day being a gift. Thanks for sharing them.  
Congratulations!!!  Very inspiring. Thank you for the meaningful post. .IWNDWYT.
Great post buddy congrats on your hard work as well
You are awesome and I Will Not Drink With You Today. I'm very happy to read these wise words you posted. 
Hot cocoa cheers to freedom!  It's fantastic.
Happy 1 year sober twin!    
Fantastic
Such an awesome post. Congrats on 1 year. 
F-ing saved. Great post! Great reminder of what we are fighting for.
That is so awesome!! Congratulations!!   
Saved this amazing post! What was the single most thing that helped you through those first 2 weeks 30 days?
i also have 365 days today!! horray good job!
Saving this post! Congratulations on a year sober and thank you for sharing with us your inspiring words. You sound like a wonderful human being.
You are amazing. Such a positive and supportive message. Thank you and well done you. I look forward to reaching that milestone 
Hey bud you are a year old awesome!  The 1st year is the toughest and you have that under your belt.  Eventually you wont have to fight to stay sober it becomes way easier. You are right there are an ump-tapa-jillion reasons to stay sober.  Congratulations!
Thanks for the share inspirational stuff!!
Well done   
It's life or death. Choose life. Alcohol made me a dead person walking...So true! Thanks for this wonderful post. .
Just awesome
Nice one! .
It gets so much easier. I don't even think about it anymore. Just like I don't drink and I don't care who knows! Congrats!!
Wow you are inspiring. I will not drink with you. Hugs!  
Inspiring read... thanks.  
I needed to read this today - thank you for helping me to remember it's a marathon not a sprint. Congratulations on one year! IWNDWYT.
Excellent summary thank you and congratulations on 1 year.
Congratulations on a year well done! Thank you for the encouragement.
Well said! We've been granted clemency! Congratulations...awesome post!
Can totally relate to the awful sleep and anxiety I had a relapse last night after 12 days sober and I had the most awful sleep! 
Congratulations on seeing sobriety through for a year and more! Thank you for sharing this. I love reading success stories and plan to write my own version in about 10 months. An entire year is awesome...I will not drink with you today
Congrats! That's awesome. I'm on day 7 and still haven't gotten the courage to get a badge for fear of failure. Thanks for sharing. Very inspirational. 
Thanks I'll try. Day 1. 
Congratulations on taking back your life!
Excellent!  
Oh man many thanks for this post. .It is all about saving our lives and the lives of the ones we hold dear. .We all stand on the shoulders of giants. .   
So inspirational! Congrats and thanks for sharing. 
Yeah!! Great work!
CONGRATULATIONS! I will not drink with you today.
Hey-this post rocks..I hope you stay with us counsel us share with us..You and so many others here who have achieved so many days months weeks and even years have turned some significant corner have helped those of us still trying to get traction. I am so grateful to you for this post. Congratulations to you. Your post vibrates happiness and dignity. Good on you.
Thanks for posting this really helpful for me today!
Great job!!! 
Wow! 100 days! You are AMAZING!
Way to go my friend!!
What an incredibly inspiring post! Thank you and congratulations on your year of sobriety. 
Very well written. Motivating. Inspiring. 
Thank you so much and congratulations! 
Way to go man! Will hit 1.5 years soon
A year must taste so sweet! Congratulations! 
Huge congrats buddy. I'm right behind you. 
Congrats keep up the good work!
Thanks so much. This is my first friday. You made me feel better.
Good on you. You are right it is so worth it.  
Congratulations!
Congratulations - thank you for sharing all the 66 days of feeling exactly as you wrote. In 1 yr. I hope I find your comment replying to my equally good news.
