-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/836wzk/planning_to_relapse_just_to_avoid_social/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Tell them you're on antibiotics for a bacterial infection 
Just tell them you have something going on after and you can't be smelly like alcohol for it.  But I like the health reasons excuse too. That's why I got sober.
Don't drink because you're embarrassed.  I wouldn't risk my sobriety for that.  I'd tell them anything but drink.  Your sobriety is number 1.  Period.  Sorry to be so blunt.  Screw them if they judge.  Be proud to not be drinking.
If it were me... I wouldn't go. The *Sober Places Sober People* rule kept me safe until I was strong enough.
I am RIGHT there with you! Thanks for posting this. I think a ton of folks here can relate in a big way. So ideas/advice... ..First off: I've planned to relapse/drink then gone ahead and drank then thought "damn I wish I hadn't drank". Similar situations and similar fears. I chose to give in to those fears and then paid the price in terms of just feeling awful the next day - compounded with the additional price of knowing that I'd basically sacrificed my "me" in order to supposedly make other people happy...Fact is nobody really gives a shit if I drink or not. I mean yeah they may ask. And they may ask more than once. And maybe some "friends" will give me a hard time but that's just about change and not about alcohol. I mean if I bought and wore Elton John style sunglasses people would do the same thing. So all of that fear came from my worry about "what people would think"... which then meant I drank and woke up the next day knowing FOR SURE what *I* thought of myself...Anyhow from there I've just practiced saying "no thank you" and leaving it at that. No reason no explanation. If someone presses I usually say something like "Oh a friend of mine from work lost 16lbs in 60 days just from cutting out sweets and booze. I'm on the beach body train!" (And believe me it's a train that I could totally stand to be on!!! Haha...)..But most of the time I just say "no thanks" and then practice feeling that discomfort of "what are they thinking!!???!?!?" and accept the fact that by and large they aren't thinking about *me* at all...Just my $0.02 and YMMV! But I totally get where you are coming from and I hope that no matter what happens you wake up tomorrow loving yourself even more than you do today! IWNDWYT!
Literally make up anything.  You want to go for a run later you're going to do yoga you don't feel like it it'll make you tired later...This is the one area in life where you are free to lie lie LIE!  
&gt;I'm actually doing quite well with my sobriety so far and truthfully I don't actually WANT a beer...Please don't drink - especially if you don't even feel tempted! (Which is great.) I totally get that you're not ready to talk about your decision to quit drinking though. So this is what I suggest: you could tell a little white lie and say you're on an antibiotic and can't drink because of that. It won't hurt anyone and it'll (hopefully) spare you from going into detail about your situation.
I have a similar function after work today too. I've thought it through and if any one asks why I'm not drinking I'll just say "I'm good." it'll be the truth...So just know that somewhere in the great state of North Carolina there is another person going through the same thing not drinking with you. 
Thing is with a relapse - for us - there is no guarantee of a return to sobriety.  Think of the social discomfort of going further down the slope...You may not be the only one not drinking.  But if not - it's none of their business.  Order a coke if they say something - "Why is what in my glass important to you?  Or re consider "not today"  ..You also do not have to go.  Really.  Is there anyone in the group you are especially close to - this might be the time to spill the beans so to speak - and maybe go off to a coffee shop with them one on one. 
There not a single other person who will order a diet pop with their pizza instead of a beer? I could see going to a winery and not drinking but it doesn't seem like it would be that odd at a pizza joint. 
Drive there and say you need to pick up a friend from the airport after or something along those lines if you're not ready to share.  Lying sucks but you do what you gotta do.
One thing I've learned through previous tries and still stands true today is that people drink a lot less than I thought they did when I was drinking.  If you go look around there...you'll probably see people not drinking.  My gf and I went to a pizza pub last weekend.  I saw numerous others that just had a soda in front of them.  I did the same...I doubt you'll be pressed for a reason as to why.  It's more common than drunk me ever expected.  Don't over think it just go and enjoy your pizza :)
How about instead of a beer just order a soda. "Diet Coke for me please". Proactively order what you want! It may do the trick to sort of...throw people off the path of "but whyyyyyy". You're not saying NO to beer you're saying YES to Diet Coke Mr. Pibbs sparkling water an Arnold Palmer etc. ..If someone's like "you're not drinking?" just be like "Oh not today. I'm on a cleanse/diet/I'm driving later/I've gotta work out later/not feeling it lately". ..Back when I was drinking I occasionally hopped on the wagon for one reason or another and people were always really cool about it. Some expressed envy "gee I wish I had your willpower!" or "ooh jealous of the occasion you're dieting for!" and so on. No one EVER gave me grief. ..Stand strong and say YES to health being true to yourself and sobriety. 
Not worth it. You are almost a month into sobriety. If you can't find an excuse to tell them don't go. I just tell people "I'm retired from drinking."
I'm going to a play this weekend with my family all of whom drink. I'm just going to tell them I'm taking a break because I needed one I don't really think I need to get into just how long the break is going to be (permanent with any luck). ..If I were you I'd just order a coke. If anyone asks why you're not drinking it really doesn't matter what you say as long as you don't drink. Just say you don't feel like it tonight I doubt they'll press and if they do I'd just change the subject. If you're not ready to tell them yet that's your prerogative.
The less you say about it the easier and less noticeable it will be for everyone.  Just don't get a beer.  If anyone asks you just say that you'll have a water.  End of conversation.  No one will think twice about it.  
Honestly if you do not think you can stick to some white lies or excuses... I'd miss the event entirely.  Don't miss every event... but until you're comfortable being sober around drinkers... take the time and don't risk relapse.  Good luck to you!  IWNDWYT
What about just saying you are taking the month of March off to give your liver a rest?  That's what I plan on doing tomorrow at an event with my close friends who will harass me to no end to drink.  That will buy me some time until the next time when we're together when I figure out the next thing to tell them (maybe that I feel so good I want to go 100 days or something)...Good luck!
These type of questions always confound me. Order what your want to drink and drink it whether it's a soda juice or just plain water. People always seem to offer   say you have eventget a mock tailpretend to drink .... you don't owe anyone a damn thing certainly not an explanation of your choice of beverage. 
I have other plans tonight/in the morning and I'd rather just hydrate. Honestly though as many people have said here time and time again NOBODY really cares if you drink or not if there is a question about not it will likely last a few seconds and things will move on. Normal people dont think about alcohol like we do they just see it as a drink not some huge thing like it is to us. Order a water or coke or whatever and let it be ordering a beer just to avoid a situation you've made in your head doesn't make sense though. At least see what it would be like to not do it what's the worst that could realistically happen? 
I think for me I look at these situations as the imagination in my brain working with my impulsive desire to drink building up a "practical' means by which to do so. But the important part is to remember that this is just all in your imagination. Nobody at this get together is worried about what you're drinking or not drinking or why. I know it's difficult to get out of the loop that is the here and now. But it may help to play the tape forward and see how the story plays out with your future self having to deal with the ramifications of drinking right now. Remember that if you actually do drink it'll only be a brief moment that you've satisfied your impulsive desire to drink. But then there is the fallout that quickly comes afterwards that it over it's all done now and there's nothing more which can trigger a far amount of depression. Of course our imagination focuses on the good times the camaraderie of hanging out with people catching a buzz but our imagination rarely includes the feeling of emptiness after it's all over and done with. 
Root beer
I did this once. I said it was to avoid awkwardness but really it's because I wanted to drink. Once I got a taste I drank far more than I intended at it was embarrassing. 
