-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/837gq1/going_on_a_caribbean_cruise/

In 53 hours (not that I'm counting) I will embark on my fourth cruise the first in which I intend to drink zero alcoholic drinks (as opposed to ALL the alcoholic drinks).  ...I see two cruises ahead of me. I can see a cruise where I drink. I can see a cruise where I do not drink. If I could not see that second cruise I would not go. ...I have strategies. I'm going to be donning SD armor more than I need just to be on the safe side. I try to be honest with myself about temptations and triggers and why I sometimes still think fondly of drinking. I try to anticipate moments of temptation before they happen. Upon honest examination I have to say it's very likely I will face a challenging moment or two on this cruise. ...My chief worries are:..1) that I will be having TOO MUCH fun and feel the need for a drink to  complete  the experience or ..2)that I will get bored somehow (it can happen even on a giant vessel built entirely for fun and relaxation) and get the temptation. These things could happen and that's ok. I just have to be ready for those moments. They are moments and they will pass. ...I think the first night is key. It could feel weird. Even uncomfortable. I might feel like I need to go hide in my cabin read a book (which I could do at home) and feel like I'm throwing my vacation money into the Gulf of Mexico. I hope that doesn't happen but whether that happens or the first night is spectacular if I don't drink the subsequent nights will be easier. ...If I have to I will tell myself you really want to drink?  At least wait until tomorrow. ...I'll take it hour by hour if I have to. One day at a time. One hour at a time. One moment at a time. Whatever it takes. ...But that's worst case scenario stuff. Like I said I'm walking on board that gangplank wearing armor and with contingency plans. I'll be better prepared for this cruise than the fucking captain. ...I might not be able to check in here. What I will do is write in my journal some of your names particularly those who have more days sober than me. The question I will ask myself if the need arises is how I would feel if I heard one of you had a relapse. Even if it was just one drink. I would be devastated. Somehow I can deal with the idea of my own drinking but it seems just wrong for one of you. I can add celebrities I admire for their sobriety to this list. Robert Downey Jr. Chris Hardwick. Craig Ferguson. Jesus imagine if you heard that Craig Ferguson who has spoken so poignantly about drinking and sobriety and has been sober 15 or 20 years imagine if he drank one night. You'd be crushed!  So my plan is to think of myself like I would one of you or one of them if that makes sense (I might be explaining it badly)...Posting here for accountability. When I return I am going to find this post and add a comment. I will reveal how many drinks I had. (Better be zero). Stay tuned!.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! 
Cruises have AA meetings on board! Even if it's not your thing it would probably be beneficial if you're feeling tempted to go and just talk to other people who are fighting the good fight just like you. The meetings are called "Friends of Bill W.". You can do this you'll never know what you're capable of getting through sober if you drink. IWNDWYT
I know exactly what you mean. Someone I really looked up to was sober for 4 years relapsed and is still struggling. I haven't seen him in about a month so I don't know how he's doing. I was pretty crushed when I found out. ..Thank you for posting I have an upcoming all-inclusive trip in the summer that was booked before stopping drinking. I keep thinking and stressing about what I'm going to do. I literally have the same visions: drinking and not. I've even had my first drinking dream where I felt so much dread. I was happy to wake up and realize it wasn't real and yet I am still thinking about drinking while there. Ugh such a mess. ..You are strong and I can't wait to see that you made it through to the other side. I would love more than anything to see your badge hit 365 look how close you are :)
Passed a test last night. I stayed over with a friend who lives in a city close to the port. Had not seen him in over a year. Our friendship did not begin with drinking but over the course of many years it turned into that. But the last time he visited me even he commented that it might be good for me to  take a break for awhile.   I was drinking like Nicolas Cage in Leaving Las Vegas and it bothered even him my long time compatriot in boozing. ...I purposely did not visit him last summer because I didn't think it would be good for me. I did not tell him that or even mention that I had stopped drinking. Actually we didn't talk much. We live in different cities with different lives and neither of us are constant communicators. ...In the days and weeks leading up to this I knew the visit with him would be a prelude to the cruise perhaps the first test (I don't know how I feel about alluding to these things as  tests  but if they are then they are tests I have studied very hard for). ...Somehow I must have also convinced myself my not drinking would not be a big deal at all. Just a few days ago I texted him that I don't anymore that it's almost been a year. He thought I was joking. ...I always knew he would be respectful and supportive and he was.  Overall. But the comments began IMMEDIATELY when I arrived at his house. It was five o'clock on a Saturday and he and his girlfriend were downing bottles of something I didn't recognize. (Turns out it is mineral water with booze I think called  Spiked  or something. The booze industry is coming for our le Croix. Lol). He said he figured I'd want to drink to prep for the cruise. I said I'm not drinking on the cruise either. He genuinely wondered what the fuck I'm going to do then.  A lot of questions ensued. (Btw I did invite him along when I booked the cruise but he couldn't get the time off)...The topic of me not drinking just kept coming up. I really didn't feel like talking about it and to be honest after all this time I am past it being a big deal or an interesting topic of conversation. We went out I ordered club soda and felt a bit self conscious about that (that's one thing I haven't quite gotten used to) but of course it was fine. By the end of the night one of the bartenders brought me a giant big gulp sized club soda so I wouldn't have to keep ordering. I drink a lot even when I'm not drinking. ...My friend his girlfriend and another old friend all got hammered and the effects showed on each of them in various ways. I almost felt like a goddamned anthropologist though I really did not want to. I kept watching them and sort of not believing that used to be me. I kept thinking what it would be like if I were drinking with them and this was far from a wistful thought. ...This morning they talked about how hungover they were. My friend remarked again how weird it was to see me at a bar not drinking.  But he said I seemed like I was drunk. That's probably the best thing he could have said. 
Well I went on the cruise where I did NOT drink. It fell a bit short of my expectations and I did have moments just about every day where I thought I'd be having more fun if I had a drink. But I knew where that would lead and did not want to go there. The logical side of my brain won every time. In Jamaica I literally had a guy try to pour booze into my mouth!  I also turned down the inevitable offer to sell me weed. 
