-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/838atq/i_made_it_74_days_just_spent_2_days_drinking/

I was feeling quite smug I had 72 days it felt like the counter just kept growing..I had just gotten back from a 3 week trip to France with my husband and on the day we returned jet lagged after a 30 hour flight I wanted a beer..Told my husband he said no way I won't let you leave this house...So 5 mins later I said I was off to ikea he thought he could trust me!.I was lying I went straight to the pub and spent the last 2 days downing beers..This is my first relapse and it's amazing how alcohol turns me into lyre...I'm ashamed and sad husband won't even look at me..He deserves better!.I knew from reading this sub that I was bound to relapse at some point...Day one again..
----------immediate responses--------

'I knew from reading this sub that I was bound to relapse at some point' -- what about the sub indicated to you that you were going to relapse? 
I had 60 days and blew it well here we are.
another day 1 for me as well. :(
I often read stories from people with over 100days relapse and start from day 1 again..I guess I considered that relapses are a part of recovery..I can take away from these past few days that exhaustion is a big trigger for me..
Let's not keep drinking and keep being sober again.
My wife's sick of seeing me pissed every night no fun for her watching me pissed every night and all weekend - if this doesn't work I can probably say goodbye to my marriage - if I've not fucked it up already  
I'm right there with you. Just requested a badge reset. I imagine being in France for three weeks was probably challenging? It would have been hard for me to travel and not drink. When I get through hard times I always trick myself into thinking I  deserve' a drink. I will not drink with you today. 
When I was knew here and I saw people with 30days I thought wow lucky them they must be cured! .Lol it's a lot harder then expected..I'm going to have a shower and brush my teeth to make myself feel better you should too! If you haven't already of curse..
Haven't had a drink in 23 days - longest in about 15 years - gonna give this my best shot - Can't just have the one drink - will lead to 20 more and 7 days on the piss !
Yeah I never know when to stop either don't even particularly like the taste of alcohol - just drink to get pissed - app says I've passed up 352 drinks in 3 weeks - Jesus - that many !!
I wish you the best of luck hang in there.IWNDWYT
Out of 76 days you had 2 bad ones. Learn from your weaknesses and adapt. Ive gone several months before breaking and having a drink. It's a game - be the winner you are!
Hey it happens. BUT you still have those 74 days and everything you learned from them. AND you came back which is amazing. You're awesome and I won't drink with you today.
Jet lag definitely can make you do desperate things to feel normal. Sort of a HALT situation on steroids. ..
I understand this. I'm not scared of drinking during challenging things I'm scared of drinking when the challenging thing is accomplished and I'm coming down. But you stayed sober on the trip (!) crashed and are back with the program. It's Day One again but really it's not. Those 72 days don't  just disappear they're yours. I think you deserve a lot of credit for them. Welcome back! IWNDWYT
It's not a circle. It's a spiral. And IT ONLY GOES UPWARD. ..You're moving on to day 1 with knowledge and experience you didn't have before. This day 1 you is not the previous day 1 you. ..You can do this!!!!!!!!!..And lastly friend I will not drink with you today. :)
Well I went through a few relapses. At least yours in "only" 2 days. One of my last ones lasted  6 mos. hardcore daily drinking. Good luck to you. Welcome back &amp; I will not drink with you today. Good luck.
I'm sorry you got the message that relapse is inevitable. Relapse is extremely common but it is not universal or necessary. ..It worries me a bit that you are calling this your "first" relapse. There does not need to be another. You've learned what happens you know how it feels. 
I relapsed for two weeks after my first 70-days or so...I did not think I was on a pink cloud the first time but the second time was a little harder.  (Not a lot though.)..Welcome back!  IWNDWYT!
I've had more relapses than I can count and not one of them was a foregone conclusion. I planned and executed each one; sounds like you did the same. The thing is can you identify what started you down that path? Sounds like to you it was fatigue so if you can understand what about being tired translates into permission to drink (for you) you're that much wiser the next time you're tired.
