-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83gw40/over_7000_hours_without_a_drink_now_i_dont_feel/

I've had every trigger that has caused me to relapse in the past come up and I didn't drink. I asked the Universe/God/? for help at a time when I thought I was hopeless and thought that I'd never escape this prison. Lo and behold the help I needed showed up in a dozen different ways and I trusted this time instead of resist. ..I (28M) went from homeless after being laid off and evicted about a year ago to starting my own agency and having clients...who have all given me positive testimonials and/or referrals! From $16k in debt fair credit to $500 debt excellent credit! I used to loath my family but have started to make amends with them and accept their shortcomings as they accept mine we support each other instead of nitpick over nothing. I've learned how to tactfully deal with people from the past who try to belittle my progress. ..In this time I've also let go of smoking sugar all meat except fish and eggs and joined a nice gym to start trimming from 23% body fat to low teens. I've gotten into nature photography more after camping at the Grand Canyon for a week. This has inspired me to start saving for a Honda Element with under 100k miles that I can use to tour most of North America in. I'm setting up my agency so that I can work while traveling and earn money while I'm sleeping. I'm not dating anyone at the moment just focused on growing and healing but I feel I will be ready to be in a healthy and fulfilling relationship in due time. ..Life is good. I am grateful that I don't crave alcohol anymore but still have a healthy enough fear to not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

That s truly an extensive change...! Congratulations happy for you! I will not drink with you today :-)
That's amazing progress - Well done! You deserve all these wonderful things!   
Proud of your fight back man.  Well done and may you stay strong.  I will not drink with you today
This is beautiful.  YOU are beautiful!  You deserve all the good things that a sober lifestyle is helping you attain.  You are an inspiration to us all!!! God bless and IWNDWYT!!
Very nice   I like how you worded that last statement there.  Good job!  Thank you for stopping in to post it's inspiring.  
