-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83h4yl/i_got_drunk_last_night/

Who I am when I'm drunk invalidates everything that I try to be when I'm sober. When I'm sober I try to be confident healthy stable. When I'm drunk I'm clearly not any of those things. And so if you zoom out a little bit I have healthy days with stability and confidence but then comes a day with drunken stupor. 5 days of stable health 1 day if drunken nonhealth. Then 30 days of stable health 2 days of drunken non health. 100 days of health then 1 day of non health. Then 30 days of health 1 days if non health. Etc. Repeat for the last 2 years. I'm someone in flux and it proves that I am not yet able to be consistent stable. It's been oscillating for two years now and I'm still struggling for stability: to finally get rid of it for good.
----------immediate responses--------

Try to view it from a different perspective. You achieved the length of time every time with a slip up for one day. Then back to it to show how you can do this...It's a tricky thing for certain but don't diminish the great work you have put in because one a relapse. Look at how strong you are for immediately going back into day one and working toward a long period of time. Think how great it is that you are still here to do a day one!..Alcohol is hard tricky and inescapable at times and it's so easy to let it conquer us. The trick is to stop beating yourself up so much because hangovers and other things in life can happily do it for you...Time to show yourself some love friend because you definitely deserve it :).
I oscillated for a while in my journey to sobriety. I used to think the drunk me wasn't me. I came to the conclusion the drunk me was very much a part of me and I was giving energy to the parts that sober I didn't want to grow. There's lots of times of weakness where I would love to grow those chaotic parts of myself but I try to play the tape forward and remember all the things I did while drunk. I ask myself am I willing to put that kind of pain and hurt into this world? Would I be able to do those things sober? For me I truly became a monster while drunk and if I'm not willing to become that sober then I have no right to become it when I drink. 
&gt;When I'm sober I try to be confident healthy stable..If you are a alcoholic like me  you will never find that in booze. ..Those characteristics only come out when you are sober. I know that I just random stranger on the internet but I believe in you.  Go on and do great things. Don't destroy your life with alcohol. Don't destroy the lives of the people around you...Sobriety is a good thing. Destroying yourself is bad especially when you are taking down others. ..Not drinking = good. 
I am in the same boat.  I heard a story about a stone mason.  He keeps hitting the rock over and over again and nothing is happening he keeps doing it and eventually it breaks the way he wants it to.  I feel that I am getting closer to my goal of sobriety yet I have relapsed so so many times lately. Look kindly on your achievements don't dwell on the slips but don't forget them either!! Good luck
