-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83i6c4/upcoming_job_interview_involves_beers_and_happy/

First off I apologize if this is not the correct sub. I am a recovering heroin/oxycodone addict (7 months) and haven't personally struggled with alcohol. However I no longer drink too...I have an upcoming interview for a higher-paying job at a better company well into the six figures. I really want to nail this and get the job...However the company has a kegerator in their office and from reading Glassdoor offers you beers before/during the interviews. After the formal interview is over (several hours) you have to go out for Happy Hour...My question here is how to manage perception. Declining the beer during the interview shouldn't pose a problem but I worry that there's no way I can pass the Happy Hour interview without drinking. I don't want to seem like a stick in the mud or judgemental either.
----------immediate responses--------

Perhaps you could have a "heart or liver" issue that prevents you from being able to drink.
Just say no thanks not today.  Most people that aren't addicts or alcoholics will not flinch at the decline of a drink 
Just be honest and say thank you but you don't drink. If they hesitate let them you don't mind other people drinking it's just not your thing
I just "thanks I don't drink.  Alcohol gives me a headache".
If you drive to the interview there is little they can say to insist you drink and drive. There are also plenty of reasons you can't leave your car and cab it home instead - errands the next day wife/friend needs cars. ..As other's have said though nobody will probably care just order a tonic with lime on the rocks. 
Wow.  What a job... so.. how do they all ever get anything done?!  I'm just pondering the logistics of this.. *everyone* there can't be huge drinkers can they?  
I personally feel that if they are so cool they'll accept a straight edge kinda guy as another aspect of awesomeness in the office   (or lady).  
