-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83jup5/from_lethargy_to_obessed/

Have a thought.  Don't think be motivated.  Don't be motivated be driven don't be driven be OBSESSED...I will kick the shit out of the booze habit.  Just a note that the shit is everywhere.  Pardon the language but there's a fuckin wine ad on the SD sub.  No wonder so many people struggle.  Yeah you choose to put the poison in your body but advertisers know right where to hit you.  Same as shitty seafood restaurants in touristy beach towns.  ..As many of you know I've adopted a strong hatred of alcohol this time around since my relapse.  I'm a former college football and baseball player.  Always an athlete.  Triathalons bike races surfing weights tennis you name it I've been active doing it.  I'm not tooting my own horn I'm just saying at 41 years old a young 41 it destroyed me...It's everywhere.  You have to attack it like you would someone breaking in your house.  I ran to the gym this morning lifted weights ran home cleaned the house painted the garage did 5 loads of laundry ran back to the gym swam 2 miles ran home.  I've driven by 14 places in two miles that sell alcohol on my way to vacuum out my car just now.  Stay strong SD.  I'd rather beat my body up in other ways than alcohol is my point.  I never thought I'd lose so much.  Alcohol will destroy anyone it can.  Sorry I had to get these thoughts down.  It's what you do alone on a sober Saturday night.  ..Amazing what you notice.  Lord knows I'm not judging but I'm seeing people buy that stuff like crazy in and out of the gas station.  It blows my mind what I'm seeing and realizing with a clear mind.  No texts from  friends  no party invites etc.  No more bar tabs either!  No more feeling like shit!  I'll probably be awake all night doing push ups and sit ups in the garage.  Alone.  Better than being hammered.  Thanks for reading my bullshit.  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Go for it ElThomas   
Yes! 
I was reading an addition forum once a while back and some guy who was in recovery for HEROIN. HEROIN! Said he doesn't know how us alcoholics do it... he couldn't imagine having to get a loaf of bread from the store and having to walk by shelves of heroin like we have to with booze. Its pretty mind boggling. 
I binged watched The Ranch on Netflix...wow...they drink hard liquor like it's water while sitting on their porch. The mom owns a bar which they frequent. Now sober I'm not sure I can handle a new season. Sucks because I *loved* the show...I will not drink with y'all today.  within   
