-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83koru/alcohol_is_cunning/

Lurked for the last ten days or so..first post...Wow- I went into today with zero intentions of drinking. A hour or so ago I still found myself with shoes on ready to go to 7-11 to get beer.  It was a serious internal struggle: my alcoholic mind tried every trick to justify it to myself. Thank God for this community - Eventually I took off my shoes fired up the app and read some stories. Now I get to wake up tomorrow feeling good physically for my run and feeling good mentally about this win. Alcohol is cunning. Always keep your guard up. Here's to day 10! 
----------immediate responses--------

Baffling 
Well done. Keep at it.
Way to go!
Hell yes! I agree this group is a lifesaver sometimes...
Welcome! Nice to see you step out of the shadows! This community has saved me more than once and participating made a huge difference. Happy you made it past that hurdle! I will not drink with you today :-).
Good work runnerlogic! Also I think I might go for a run this morning thanks for idea :)
Someone said in a meeting that while she was racking up sobriety her disease was doing push-ups.  This is true.  For me i lost the desire to drink while still drinking.  This was before i saught help.  My drinking slowed way down and then i stopped.  About 6 months later i decided to get help. once i decided to stop drinking i have not had a craving or desire to drink until one day i asked a buddy to smell the beer he was having out of no more than curiousity.  As i did the thought went through my head "take a sip".  WTF!  This was the first time this had ever happened to me and at the time i was well over 20 years sober. Shit that scared me.  Btw i did not drink.  I instantly recoiled and put the can down.  Looking back i should not have been so cocky when it came to alcohol.  So i dont smell people's drinks anymore.  Im glad i didnt drink.  So ya the disease is cunning baffling powerful...and patient. We must stay vigilant and never are we cured.
Welcome Runner! WoooHoooOooo on 10 days...that's awesome. Keep sharing!..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
I had this exact same thing happen earlier. I was *in* the 7-11 when I realized what I was doing. Got a soda instead but still. 
Great job!.  
I've been feeling great and loving racking up more days and loving my vastly improved health and feeling over the drinking urge. Then yesterday I was out doing errands and SO texted me "maybe we should go out for dinner tonight" which is something we almost never do because of cost and because the options in this small town aren't great for the cost. I immediately got all depressed and angry feeling like I'd have to go out and see others drinking and enjoying getting buzzed rather than thinking how lovely it would be to dine out after all these months. The alcohol addiction is just hanging around my mind looking for opportunities to pounce on me apparently. And we ended up getting takeout from a low-end no booze place because I really couldn't deal with watching others happily drink. Obviously I still have a ways to go. But I'm glad I didn't just cave and say "let's go" and proceed to order a drink (or 4 and then get more on the way home). ..Enjoy your run this morning. I will not drink with you today.
Good job! I found the first ten days to be the hardest. I had a serious case of being angry for no reason around day 10. It passed.
Great job not giving in! Come back to us anytime and we'll be here not drinking with you.  
always keep your guard up so true. welcome
Restaurants can be difficult but I didn't want to give up our weekly date night so I would ask for cranberry juice in a wine glass club soda with a lime ginger ale etc. to have a replacement drink and it really helps. Best of luck to you!
Congratulations on that victory! Never once in almost 6 months have I woken up after urges the previous day and thought "Hmm I really wish I drank last night"...I'm here not drinking with you today :)
So proud of you!!! It will get better...read This Naked Mind if you haven't already...SO much help. Just read today that it can take 10 days to get the alcohol out of your system...so that's good news! Keep on keeping on! IWNDWYT!     
Good job you're stronger than me
I'm on day 10 also and will be going for a run tomorrow. I'll think of you! :) IWNDWYT!
Absolutely. Someone last week was talking about the "voice of seduction" or something like that and it's absolutely true. I'll be 100% certain I never want to drink again and then some other part of my brain will remind how much fun I have that I can handle it etc---and that other part that's like "Uhhhh no you've got work and you can never have one and stop and when you're hung over you want to die" fades away. It's crazy and it's REALLY hard to explain to people who've never experienced it. ..Anyway the knowledge that alcohol is cunning is a great tool to have. Hang in there and IWNDWYT!.
I've found myself sitting in the parking lot of a liquor store then driving away. Alcohol sure is cunning but congrats on staying sober!
