-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83ll59/i_cant_stop/

I hit 50 days today. It really hasn't been that hard once I got over the initial hump. It probably helped that I did inpatient. My body and spirit was finally just at the point where it gave up trying to control it and decided I just cant drink anymore. What I am struggling with is eating. I've put on almost 40 pounds in just under 2 months. I know my body is trying to rebuild what the 14 years of extreme abuse have done but it sucks looking in the mirror and not being happy. I know I should take it easy on myself and have some patience but it's harder at this point than anything else. ..I guess I have another huge hurdle to clear on this journey. 
----------immediate responses--------

40 lbs in 2 months requires one to eat 2000 calories per day more than a person needs. I imagine I could do that eating chips or macaroni salad. Maybe avoid current snacks and go for less calories?
Have you been to a doctor? Maybe there's something else going on. Excellent job not drinking!  IWNDWYT!
You know that  addictive personality  you have? Put it to work: ..https://www.myfitnesspal.com..Or look for the app. It has 5 million foods listed and all you do is enter the bar codes through your phone (very easy learning curve isn't bad). I'd recommend you at least get the free app and start looking at what you're eating that is adding to the problem the most. It'll ask you to enter your personal data and set goals and you can set it for the rate you want to have the weight come off. ..I've gained 5 pounds since quitting. I'm always hungry so I'm eating anything that moves. Hopefully this will keep me from gaining any more then I'll start working on getting some weight off. ..Good luck!..PS- After re-reading just in case some people don't get sarcasm I was kidding about the addictive personality comment.
Alcohol consumption is a symptom of my distress. I have an addictive personality. In the past I had an eating disorder and most of my life I have stayed quite fit which provides an outlet. The trick for me is to find healthy outlets for my energy and desire for excitement and to not abuse those as a way to run away from difficulties and the parts of myself I don't like. When I can get that balance I am okay. When I can't I go off the rails with alcohol food exercise sex - it's all avoidance and self-hatred and it's not healthy.
