-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83m6ce/365_i_made_it_a_whole_year_thank_you_friends/

Even though I had this day in my calendar and watched my flair tick day over day I still feel surprised to be here writing this. I am so very grateful for everyone here. Even a year in I read stories upvote as I identify with your sentiments and try to offer something to those struggling in the moment. It's hard to be sober but it's so much better than where I had been last year...I woke up a year ago after a normal dinner party where I was the only one (yet again!) who had had too much to drink. I probably only had a bottle or a bottle and a half of wine. I could feel it though. I was exhausted bloated and had to parent my toddlers through the weekend not feeling remotely normal. And I was tired of being that person. I drank pretty much every day. Nothing crazy. After work I would start making dinner and having something to take the edge off. I was never in control even though I had a pattern. I could never have a single glass. ..These days I don't miss it much at all anymore. Not even at weddings or concerts! I remember everything I am reading at night. I'm much more focused at work. I have two small daughters who may never remember me intoxicated and it means the absolute world to me that they won't have to have an alcoholic mother. I'm not a burden on my husband and I'm not embarrassing socially (well at least not because of the alcohol... ;) ..Not everything is rosy and I want to keep encouraging those of you who are far along but still feel "off." I'm still struggling really hard with depression. I exercise constantly and have lost a bunch of weight from not drinking and eating more consistently. I just don't feel great a lot of the time but I'm going to see a doctor about it. I know drinking would only make it worse or hide the issue from view. ..Back to you though. Thank you! I'm going to have a chocolate cake to celebrate tonight. This is an achievement maybe small but I've worked hard to get here and I am so grateful for this community. What an unbelievable beacon of light this subreddit is for those in the dark. You all deserve a beautiful day; let's share it. I won't drink with you today
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congratulations on every single day.  I'm happy for you that you don't miss it much anymore.  Certainly makes life easier.  You are right we all deserve a beautiful day.  Enjoy your cake!
Happy Birthday :)
Congratulations on a whole year! Thank you for sharing the ups and the downs it's so helpful to someone like me who is early days to see the whole picture. 
A huge milestone indeed. I feel like people with depression probably have it so much harder when trying to quit.
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations! Very inspiring. I hope to be eating chocolate cake to celebrate a year in 363 days. 
Good job Mama on repairing yourself and seeking help. Happy soberversary! Enjoy your cake!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!   I can't tell you how much your story inspires me! I have a daughter that will turn three on St. Patrick's day and I love what you wrote about your kids never remembering you drinking/intoxicated. So happy we can be great examples for our children.   
Nice! Veryvery nice.
Good for you 
Congratulations. "I know drinking would only make it worse or hide the issue from view"- yes. Best wishes continuing to pursue the best you without alcohol holding you back. If you don't mind I will join you in not drinking today (and hopefully making it to where you are) 
Congratulations! I hope your family is proud of you.    
Amazing work! Enjoy your celebration you earned it!  
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Way to go!
Girl I'm so feeling this post. Thank you for helping me on my journey. Today I will not drink with you!! Also I hope that cake was amazing. You're doing great!
Happy Birthday! What a wonderful gift to you!  
Good for you for taking care of your health (in more ways than one). I am grateful for you. Thank you for sharing your story. 
Congratulations on a year! That is awesome. Thank you for sharing your story...I will not drink with you today
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulation im glad to read how your life has gotten better now and yes please take your mental health serious too and see a doctor. Be proud of yourself and enjoy that cake because you absolutly deserve it. Great work!! 
Wonderful news!
Wow amazing!! Congratulations!!
Congtats! One year is huge! I had a bout with depression around my one year mark. I started meditating on a daily basis. It has had a profound effect on my mood. I wish I had started earlier. 
Congrats and continued success to you
Congratulations! .
HaPpY 1 YeAr!!!     .You're right this sub was a beacon in the dark for me as well.  I'm happy to hear that you've taken your life back   
Thank you for sharing with us.  This is the all the encouragement I need to not drink today. So thanks again and congratulations!
Congratulations on your year and thank you for sharing! IWNDWYT!
Congratulations!  This is a huge accomplishment. Take it a step at a time surround yourself with supportive people and seek help if you ever feel tempted to slip. You've got this!
Nice
I still have days I don't feel right physically and mentally. Congrats on your achievement it only gets better. 
Congratulations! Your children will be amazed to learn of your story one day! Good on you and thanks for inspiring me!
Congrats!!!
Congratulations! You earned that cake---enjoy it! :)..As for the depression I've been there myself---I found that meditation and exercise helped me a LOT. Working out boosts my mood a little bit and my mindfulness meditation practice (I do ten minutes a day every day) helps me notice when my thoughts are self-defeating or mean and I'm getting very good at letting them go. ..Anyway all the best to you! Your story made me so happy.
&gt; I'm not embarrassing socially (well at least not because of the alcohol... ;)..!!!!!!  ;)))
&gt;I'm not embarrassing socially (well at least not because of the alcohol... ;)..Hahaha!  One of the things I was waiting for in sobriety that I didn't get.  Still waiting...
It's all worth it. Keep going. 
way.to.go!
Congratulations!..And it is a BIG accomplishment. Enjoy the chocolate cake!
Congratulations!!
Congrats on 1 year and more to come!  I struggle with depression too (especially hard this winter season) and you are right....it's not all rosy but its a better livable life.   You go girl!!
Nothing small about your achievement- own your success courage determination and awesomeness!!!
Awesomeness!!!!    
Enjoy that chocolate cake.  You deserve it!  Congrats.  
Amazing! You're an inspiration to me! Everybody gets upvotes because everybody deserves them and today we celebrate you :-)
Congratulations on a year. I'm coming up on 300 days and was motivated to quit drinking last year because my life was spiraling out of control and I had a baby daughter to consider alongside my own life. I'm happy to have made the decision to stop drinking. ..I totally get what you mean when you say that things often feel  off . I'm also struggling with depression and moving to a new city with my partner has really added some extra mental pressure. ..Nevertheless your post is inspiring. Keep up the great work! I'm gonna aim for that 1 year milestone!! 
Congratulations to you!   What a great achievement. Thanks for sharing your story and how things are for you now. Keep up the great work :)
Woah now. So not a small accomplishment. Huge. Very big accomplishment. ...Congratulations. You should be very proud of yourself. 
What do you do when it comes to socializing with your drinking friends? Or were you always the only one drinking? Curious thanks xx 
Well done! Try reading "Stop Thinking Start Living" by Richard Carlson. That massively helped my depression when I developed alopecia. It's was a lifesaver for me.
Congratulations! Great job very inspiring.
Congrats 
Congratulations!
Well done!
Congratulations! It's not a small achievement it's huge. You deserve that cake! My story sounds quite similar to yours.... can I ask how you managed becoming sober in your social circle? How did friends react to you suddenly being AF at those dinner parties?
Congratulations! This is my first time finding this sub after a couple weeks of being on my sober journey and I LOVE how much I relate to your story. You're doing great! 
Wonderful job on 1 year sober!  Thankyou for your honesty.  I used to hear people talk about how everything is wonderful now that they were sober and we know that that just can't be.  If we remove our numbing agent we will now feel everything we were trying to numb out from.  The world doesn't go the way we think it should and once the pink cloud wears off we are confronted with reality.  Sometimes for the first time in decades.  It's great you shared.  I have depression for the 2nd time and haven't had it since 2002.  I feel happy and normal in every way except that i am irritable at times.  And sometimes it doesnt take much. I am glad you are exercising that alone will make a huge difference in your neurotransmitters.  I also highly recommend doing medication and counselling together.  When combined you have the best chance of recovery.  I have had my Effexor level ( it's an SSRI) raised and will be seeing someone in a couple weeks.  Already i am feeling better. Keep socializing and doing your normal stuff.  And way to go talking about it.  It will not keep us down or define us.  It is just one of many curve balls in life that we will deal with sober.  Yay us!
