-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83my1l/who_do_you_admire_thats_sober/

I'm struggling to find people I can look up to who are sober. ..Actually I guess I can think of one. A family friend I grew up with gorgeous tall woman who was in great shape successful attorney wonderful husband mom of three. Always positive loving. As a teenager I wanted to be just like her. And she was sober! Maybe I should reach out to her... 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone here who is sober today !..And YOU !
Russell Brand
Check out whatever different types of meetings are available where you live and you can meet a lot of admirable folks. Find inspiration in the shared struggle and each other's wins...What does finding a 'successful' sober person mean to you?
Me. 
I really admire my uncle. He's been sober for 30+ years and is now a drug and alcohol counselor. He's absolutely hilarious and always the life of the party...This also may sound silly but I sometimes think about Blake Lively when I'm having a tempting moment. She's gorgeous successful and happens not to drink.
David Bowie. He talked about his sobriety in a way that was simultaneously casual and profound and also utterly unembarrassed--like "Ha yeah no way I'd drink lol I'm an alcoholic. And I'm just so in love with my wife and shit no way would I jeopardize all these relationships and all this happiness. Life is sacred k gotta roll!" ..[Note: not an actual transcript]
I've always admired Stephen King. I love reading interviews with him about his past struggles with cocaine and alcohol. He doesn't even remember writing *Cujo* because he was so high and drunk. I guess it also explains why his books were so long in the 80s. Lol. 
It's awesome to have sober role models.  One of the big things we learn in motivational literature is to find people we want to emulate.. it puts an image in our mind with a strong emotional drive behind it.  I love to think about Robert Downey Junior.  I think he encompasses so many aspects of strength both personal and professional... he's also intelligent creative successful and with so many people watching him he made this amazing change in his life and just ran with it.  Brilliant.  Also there have been a few shares on SD that I found just outstanding examples of people who have superb attitude changes grabbed their lives back and started really living had career or financial success went from depression to happiness... there are so many heroes here     .I'm glad you brought this up today thanks for that and I will not drink with you today 
Steve-O.
Check this out for inspiration..https://www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/g11644970/celebrities-who-dont-drink-alcohol/
No particular order:..1. Raymond Carver.2. William S. Burroughs .3. You.4. Us.5. Henry Rollins.
naaaaaaaaah have a drink
