-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83ogpk/so_its_a_little_out_of_character_for_me_to_lie_on/

But This Naked Mind was excellent. Despite telling myself I was going to read a couple chapters a day I ended up blowing through the entire thing last night...Initially I met the book with a huge eyeroll - "Sure you're going to change the entire way I view alcohol with a book. Riiight." But it does present all the concepts well and reiterates them in ways that aren't boring...A couple of the points (including the one about how you wouldn't sit in a patch of poison ivy just for the relief of scratching your ass) made me laugh enough to scare my cat...A few of my personal reflections and takeaways:..The concept of "just stopping and being done" rings true for me: I was vegan for 7 years vegetarian for 12 and didn't wean myself off animal products or "relapse" until I made a conscious decision to eat a regular diet again. Why can't I do that with alcohol? I've already been "that guy" not doing something everybody else at the table is doing and of course I got picked on a little but I have a thick skin. And I'm notoriously stubborn...The part describing the homeless man in Vegas was a bit weird. I have bipolar II so in the realm of mental illness I don't view the homeless in a "me vs. them" light. If I somehow lost my support system slipped up and spiral downward badly enough... yeah I would end up homeless too. But I guess the drinking part never really crossed my mind because the mental illness part took the spotlight. After all my drinks of choice are expensive wine and fancy cocktails - people turn into that kind of drunk on 40s and Mad Dog. Mental illness and dependency go hand-in-hand but I need to focus on both aspects individually...Last note: I'm flirtatious and outgoing without alcohol. So I don't need social lubricant. At all. Alcohol basically turns my social interactions into one of those weird competitions where girls wrestle in a kiddie pool full of lube. Let's avoid that...Anyways... I'm not exactly what I would consider an optimist but I'm feeling more hopeful about this. My number to beat is only 27 days and I think I'll be able to meet that... and overshoot it...IWNDWYT. (That's it right?)
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a roller coaster of a crazy saturday night right there ;)..Still have to read the book but it's defntly on the list. Enjoy the ride its well worth it..
You got it!  IWNDWYT  
Nice share Poly. Thanks...I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
