-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83q586/5_days_after_15_month_relapse/

Six years sober and then I started drinking again. I thought maybe I had  matured  and started drinking again like a  normal person.  It was clear immediately that wasn't going to fly. Once a month turned to once a week turned to hungover every other day so back here I am...Posting this to let people know that when you've been sober for a while it's easy to forget why you stopped and trick yourself into thinking you can drink like everyone else. Maybe some can but for me that wasn't the case. I was getting back to where I started which was hungover or drunk feeling like an anxious mess operating at half of my capacity. That's putting it nicely. Those  good days  in my worst times years ago were the days when I didn't blackout and say or do something totally crazy. I'm lucky to be alive (or to not have killed someone or ended up in prison)...But after six years of sobriety those days seemed so far gone. I was fine. I was older and successful. I could have a drink sure. But then the obsession started yet again... trying to control my drinking. It just wasn't possible. I got to a bad place again and forgot how I was ever happy sober yet also couldn't remember how bad it really was when I drank. ..Well I caught myself on the brink and I'm so grateful I did...My point is... I'm back on Day 5 now and I'm starting to remember how good it feels to be sober and why I quit in the first place. It's almost like a  muscle memory  thing for me and I'm so freaking grateful because truly I had forgotten and was terrified I could never find happiness in sobriety again...I'm only on Day 5 and it's all coming back to me. I feel more confident happier more productive healthier more motivated and in control. My skin is clearing up and I just feel better. I sleep through the night. I'm not saying at all this has been easy... but every day gets easier...This forum and my freaking digital badge has really been keeping me going (who knew?). I am so grateful for you all helping me to remember how great it is to be free of alcohol. I still have a ways to go to get back to where I was but I'm already feeling so much better. Thank you all...
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you 
Welcome back.
Great story I've been there too (although not 6 years that's awesome!) and glad you're feeling better. ..I've had to come to accept that I'm just not going to be able to have a drink again for the rest of my life which is a prospect that initially horrified me. I always think about this passage from "Stop Drinking Now"..&gt; Could you teach me to have an occasional drink without getting hooked again?   I'm teaching you how to remove the desire to consume alcohol at all. Why would you want to have an occasional drink? Would you want to take an occasional dose of arsenic?   Why on Earth would I want to do that?   Exactly.  At this point a look of realization usually comes over them. They've begun the conversation with the suggestion that alcohol provides some benefit. I've ended it by highlighting that alcohol is neither a pleasure nor a support it's an addictive poison pure and simple. When the client accepts this the fear they have about never drinking again   the fear of success   disappears...
Welcome back!
"my freaking digital badge" hahaha same here! Congrats on getting back! IWNDWYT
Good you figured out what went wrong. Had a little hiccup myself recently. Feels so much better waking up not hungover. 
Great to have you here!  I was also sober for 6 years and slipped last summer and also tried to "moderate" (as if).  Last weekend was a real wake-up for me and I saw my terrifying future laid out before me.  If you could even call it a future at all.  In any case I am giving this a go right along with you!  We can nail this!
Welcome back! You've got this! ..I'm going to join you and not relapse this time too.
Ah - welcome back - good to see you -IWNDWYT   
So glad you came back. I'm taking your story very much to heart. Been feeling a little bit cocky lately and I appreciate you sharing this. ..You still have everything you learned in those years inside you. You're not starting from zero you've got a lot to build on. I won't drink with you today. 
Welcome home.  
Welcome back.  It's good you haven't given up. Most alcoholics dont stay sober without a relapse.  It may have been worth it to get a true picture of who you are.  I read that somewhere.  Anyway you have to start counting from 0 days again but no one can take those 6 years sober from you. Overall there was a huge improvement in your drinking.  A buddy that i went through treatment and a half-way house with relapsed after 7 years.  He had a hard time accepting it for awhile but it got easier as he biult up his sobriety again.  He ha now been sober for 18 years.  You can do this.  I am proud of you for GETTING BACK UP AND TRYING AGAIN.  That takes real courage.  All the best to you. 
thanks for this..Always tempted to drink when I go out. Always telling myself I am being OTT because I nearly have 30 now..Your history helps me. Thanks.
Glad your back! Yeah those silly little badges huh?
