-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83r40i/trying_again_and_again_and_again/

Since January 1 I've relapsed badly three times. What makes this time different is I took it upon myself to go on my own to AA rather than getting my sober friend to take me. It feels much more real this time but I can't deny the same small sneaking feeling of... well maybe I can control it this time. Maybe this time can be different and I won't drink to excess. ..I need and want to be sober but like so many I am terrified of how much my social life will change. I've never gone out dancing or socializing sober. I've honestly never really dated sober. I haven't had recent sex that was sober. And all of these things... doing them sober freaks me out. And I'm pissed off that so many people can control their drinking and I can't. ..But I also know that all of these things I've wanted to happen - like dating a good guy enjoying my social life meeting good friends - haven't necessarily all happened while drinking. So my substance abuse is the problem right?..I know the answer. I'll never be able to achieve the level of love I desire while using substances to soothe the pain I still hold onto. But in a way it's almost like I don't know who I am without the pain. I'm used to living with it to self sabotaging. ..Anyways I won't drink today. Or tomorrow. And I'll keep going back to the AA meeting I like. Thanks for reading and being there.  
----------immediate responses--------

I am finding many of these things that were frightening for me entering sobriety have been accomplished by those in AA.  I tell you what though doing it this time with AA is much more satisfying rewarding and actually enjoyable.
Hang in there kiddo. It gets better. I promise. 
I identify with you in so many ways I find myself getting angry at other people for being able to drink in moderation when it is impossible for me to do the same. ..I know you can do this keep reminding yourself every day of the good things that come with sobriety. I think a lot of us didn't even know who we are or what we actually like until we quit drinking. But the process of figuring it all out can be exhilarating albeit terrifying and a certainly painful. ..IWNDWYT m'dear you got this. 
As a 30 year old at first I was scared at the fact that I'll never drink again. I've come to terms to it as I've learned about addiction and my alcoholism. The dating and all the things that come with it will be my first time doing that sober (when I find someone). New friends figuring out how to hang out with old friends. What to do outside of meetings handling social situations with alcohol. All of this is going to take a lot of patience and time. ..Be kind to yourself take it one day at a time. be open minded and listen for similarities not differences at meetings. Honestly you know you can do this do it for you!
