-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83xbq9/70_days_a_blizzard/

70 Days! This is the longest I've gone in 4 years so I'm really excited. I don't feel amazing all the time...but who does?? ..I realized today that sometimes you can see that changes have happened in small ways. There's yet another snowstorm w/ blizzard conditions coming tomorrow. Guaranteed school will be cancelled. As I did some errands today &amp; was thinking about what I could do tomorrow while snowed in (color Easter eggs w/ kids finish cleaning my bedroom closet! make a crockpot pot roast)....it dawned on me that I wasn't thinking about drinking tomorrow. Or how I "couldn't" drink tomorrow. There was a snowstorm shortly after I quit. And while I didn't drink...it was so much more of a struggle approaching the day. I remember seeing people going into the liquor store the nite before &amp; feeling jealous. ..There are still up days &amp; down days...but this upcoming snowstorm has shown me that my thought process IS changing. And things DO get better if we let them. Iwndwyt!!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes these blizzard-y days are long (and so frequent right now in the northeast).  I am truly ready for spring but I don't feel desperate for it like I have in the past.  I have to say that most of the changes are happening incrementally for me.  But it's the same for drinking it didn't really bother me terribly for a long time and then it slowly became a burden.  Turning it around takes time.
We must both be in the northeast.  I will say knowing there's a snow day tomorrow - the old me would be like WOOT!  I can drink tonight and be OK being groggy tomorrow because I can work from home and "phone it in".  And I have had that fleeting thought with these recent storms.  The difference is that they're just thoughts and not once have I come even close to giving in.  ..IWNDWYT!  Crock pot meal sounds good . . . :) 
Nice NDV  
Yeah - we are all coming round for a crockpot roast!  That ok?   ..Well done on 70 days - awesome! 
