-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83zg84/day_4_of_sober_the_party_is_over/

So I've been battling alcoholism for over 1/2 of my life.  I'm 37 and beyond lucky to be alive.  As the days go on I will share more.  ..There is something that I need to share right now.  6 months ago I meant an amazing woman.  We are both musicians we both share a similar spirit almost to the point that we both felt we've know each other before.  Here is the thing although I have a very strong spirit I also have a very strong demon.   ..Durning my last bender some issues came up involving this woman's ex boyfriend.  Nothing too fucked up on her part however in my drunken insanity I said some revolting things.  Some unforgivable things.  I boxed up all of the Christmas gifts that she bought me and left them on her doorstep.  Now to be clear she doesn't make much money and has been struggling to make rent yet was able to set aside some money to buy me gifts.  Nothing expensive but the most thoughtful and personal things anybody has ever given me.  She truly understands and loves me.  I cannot imagine the heartbreak that she went through when she opened that box.  I keep having flashbacks and it's ripping me apart.  It's my rock bottom.  ..The guilt is killing me.  I know it's time to stop drinking.  I'm done.  The party is over.  When I drink I become a completely different person.  A monster.  I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Damn. I hate this fucking disease. ..I too had to lose more than I was willing to lose before I could quit for good. ..AA saved my life. I recommend it. 
I'm glad you're here!
I've gone to two meetings in the last three days.  Couldn't make one tonight because I got off work late.  Thank you for your comment. 
Seriously well done on 4 days. I've lost wife / family / job / car through this stupid poison. But stick with choosing not to drink ! "The Party" might be over but I've found something much more valuable to me peace contentment and joy sometimes beyond what I could ever have imagined. It won't happen as quickly as you might like but I promise you can have these things too and gradually the things in life you really like will come back to you..Try to be practical - I found in the early days that the 3 most important things were.1. Don't be hard on yourself.2. Reach out for support.3. It really is one day at a time.Just from your post I think you've started to realise it's all gotta change.  This is a good thing Best Wishes to you.
I concur with the AA guy.
