-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/846jnm/about_to_cross_the_great_divide/

I've been using drugs (cokecrackmeth) as well as alcohol to cope with some serious things that I have been hiding from my entire life. I was sexually abused for 6 years when I was a child and then I was lucky enough to graduate from that into my alcoholic father throwing me around when he didn't like the way the weather was outside (pardon my attempt at humor just making example of how trivial the reasons for me getting hit were). I left home at 16 and started using cocaine almost daily. I started selling weed and blow as a way to pay my rent and feed my habit until I was able to get a good paying job. It was all I could think of at the time to keep me from losing my mind. Having to grasp the depth of the abuse I went through without having anyone around to talk to was a task all on its own. The older I got the more I realized how wrong what happened was and the harder I used to cover up my feelings. I'm a big guy 6'2  275lb I'm very outspoken and I use humor as a way to deflect people from ever getting close to me. So I felt when I was young that it was my job to hide my feelings and to be the funny guy. The act worked until I was 21 and I spiralled out of control. I spent nearly 3 years with a 7 gram a day coke habit.......it took me a long time to comprehend how much a fucking quarter of coke is to normal people and I'm just jamming it up my nose like it's my job. I was suicidal almost my whole life and I was always pushing for an OF because I knew deep down I was too scared to pull a trigger. After the coke stopped working I started smoking meth to keep my mind quiet. Meth to me was something I fought hard against to do for most of my days. The first time i took a hit I realized I went against my only set in stone rules that I had for myself. Therefore it's a fucking free for all on immoral behavior. Robberies violence and finally heroin (I was never addicted to it I only did it when I was on a 5 day meth binge so I could come down to sleep when I ran out of percs) just general shitty human behavior became my expertise. I was only 25 at the time I decided to start trying to clean up and I really never realized how hard this battle was going to be. The party had stopped many years ago and I guess I kept hearing the music so I kept going.   ..3 years ago I met someone that has allowed me to grow and function as a person without questioning the root of my choices. I went from doing copious amounts of any drug and always being drunk to just drinking overnight......or so I thought.......she and I agreed that I wouldn't be using anymore as she was never part of any drug scene and just doesn't want to ever be......most of all she cares about me and doesn't want to lose me(that's the hardest part to comprehend). A year went by where I was clean as a whistle from drugs but I drank like Johnny fucking walker. One night my buddy calls me and asks to trade me some speed for some weed......i should have said no.....but I had a flood of memories and I caved. I can hide it very well and I did. That first time and about 20-30 other times since then but I cannot bring myself to tell her because it will kill her. I just came off of a week long binge while she was away for a week for work......i know in my heart that this was the last time because I can't do this to myself anymore not to mention fucking lie to the love of my life's face about my "sobriety". I drank my last 8 pack of beers last night and smoked what little meth I had and made a promise to myself to start this fucking journey one day at a time.........Tomorrow there is an NA meeting I will be attending and I've never been more scared. Not of the people on the meeting but of myself. I'm going to start attending therapy and some counselling but it's very challenging working fulltime aswell as running a side business aswell (all legal lol). I have no-one to confide this information to as I burned a ton of bridges and the friends I have now are of a different mindset. I apologize for how scattered this is I just had to unload some stress that I've been carrying and I'm really hoping to get some advice. Confessing everything is not an option so it's not going to be needed I'll address that upfront. I have never cheated or anything like that just abused myself and I don't want her to question our relationship because she doesn't understand drugs or usage......call it damage control because it is. I need to fix the problems I created and she knows I still struggle with the problems she just doesn't know the magnitude.........long story short starting today I will be committing to not drinking with you guys and there isn't a sub for it but I won't be killing myself on any drugs anymore. I owe it to myself. I'm 30 I've spent 16 years high......thats over half my life. I want control again I want to know what that's like. Thanks for reading sorry again for the ramble. Hope you all have a great day and thanks for lending an ear.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry for all the things you've been through. You sound like such a strong level headed person and you're on the right track towards success. As a former addict and alcoholic I promise that things will get better and being upfront with your loved ones is important. It sounds like you have therapy and meetings lined up which sounds like a great start. ..Your pain doesn't define you wish you well and all the happiness in the world.
Sorry friend. Glad you are here. Lots of  compassion and understanding. I have leaned on SD for support and they have always come through...Early on I read about ACES and found it super enlightening. It deals with early childhood adverse experiences... http://buncombeaces.org/your-ace-score/..I saw a doc and recomend it if you can. Felt good to be 100% honest and get advice and meds to help my recovery.  ..I wish you well. You can do this!..I won't be drinking with you today..
Here's a nationwide link (if you don't have it already): https://www.na.org/meetingsearch/..That does seem really weird. It may be that the meeting was abruptly canceled. I believe each NAgroup (per location) has mailing lists you can subscribe to in case there are cancellations. Good luck! This sub is extremely helpful! 
I just wanted to come and say you're a strong dude for starting to change and I wish you all the best
[deleted]
  welcome new friend!  I'm so happy you're here.  I guess it's an emotional moment... reading this puts tears in my eyes.  Of joy for you!  I'm going to love to watch your progress and I support you with all my heart.  You deserve to live your life fully to find out what you are really capable of and all the good things that are waiting for you     
It's a courageous act to finally give yourself permission to give na or aa or try. It's mean to be used as a lifestyle. Not a "ill go to 100 meetings" and I'm cured...It's a program useful to all areas of life. Not to mention a sober community that can be integral to staying sober....I've been in aa the program for a while and it's worked very well for me. On so many levels.  I tried eeeeeeverything. But nothing stuck as I didn't stay consistant.  What worked was:  The combination of healthy diet healthy ppl and environments therapy and aa are my musts... I never compromise on them...not even for my job / income. Sobriety is first before everything...if it's not...then you may eventually lose everything if u pick up. Hope that helps. Those resources will help immensely. 
You'll find a lot of personal growth at the meetings. And I stress the word personal. I have grown a ridiculous amount in just a few short months. I've very slowly become more of my true self and less ashamed to show my true colors. It's been difficult...and took a few years actually...some good days...some days more challenging. But the overall package of my recovery...shows incredible transformational growth. One that I never would have gotten outside of aa.  You are one person alone or online....but it's it's a different world when you get out of your COMFORT zone and see if u can expand and breathe thru in person human contact.  As an introvert much like yourself...of course I enjoy hermitting. ..but I will admit...there is a newer version of me thru learning to let out my extrovert more outgoing side out.  Not to mention. Meeting strictly sober ppl is awesome. U learn how to heal wounds and live sober with others. Stay in touch! :)
