-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/848iyk/best_way_to_handle_relapses/

Hey guys so I just had my biggest relapse yet. First was day 22 28 41 now was just 114 days. ..Needless to say I am pretty bummed. I really feel guilty and depressed  and im not sure what do especially on whether or not to tell my parents who I told I was fine while they were away on vacation for two weeks...The good thing is a feel like each time I can take away something new. This time I just know that I really connot be alone with myself for very long. (The first week I was away staying with friends and i was fine  4 days alone and relapse)...Anyway I think I still need to let my head clear and I will feel better probably sooner than i think but i just wanted to share and I am excited to reach 114 again and beyond...Thanks .IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Connection with others is definitely huge for me! I found that being honest through my actions and words helps me to stay sober. (So if it were me I would probably tell my parents) BUT to what degree to express honesty is totally up to each individual situation. Hope this helps! I will not drink with you today :)
Imagine it this way. You are playing an old school video game where when you die it's game over gotta go back to start if you wanna keep playing. Sounds pretty shitty yeah but it's not at all. Why? Because now once you return to the same level you managed to reach last play through you will be able to see what mistakes you made and what obstacles you need to prepare for to pass the same level this time around. What really helped me during times of relapse was finding an answer to the question "what really led up to me making that choice?" Because after the answer is found repeating the same ol mistakes can be easily avoided. 
For me the most important (and often hardest) thing is to not lose my momentum. A relapse doesn't have to be a big deal but you want to have the mindset of not giving up any more time to it than necessary. Too often I've slipped up at something like a sober streak and gotten despondent and turned towards "well today's ruined no point stopping now...I'll start over tomorrow". That is not a safe road to go down in my experience. It's never just one "tomorrow". As soon as the drink is out of your hand the relapse is over. You can hop right back on track...It sounds like your head is already largely in the right place - excited to get back at it. I'm excited for you too :) Hope you feel better and good on you for finding lessons in these experiences! I always try to write those learnings down so I can look at them later and keep myself honest...IWNDWYT!
Move on. I don't believe it sets back the clock. You X amount of days some. Count those learn and move on. Practice makes perfect. 
One of the things I was introduced to by SMART is the concept of ratios. You used to drink every day. Now you went 114 days and then relapsed. That's ONE day out of 114. That's a pretty good ratio. You're human and you did a really good job but we all slip. You still did well. Tomorrow is  a new day to not drink! 
Progress not perfection!
Forgive yourself and don't beat yourself up. Continue to think of that future without alcohol.
