-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84cr2e/feeling_weird_about_friends_response/

I got caught drink driving a little while ago. I'm doing a Traffic Offenders course and texted a friend before going in tonight to share how I felt ashamed and anxious about it. Their reply? "We'll have to get together afterwards and get drunk". They also asked if I'd taken in a hip flask and when I let them know the class had finished for the night they said "great time for a drink". This person knows I've struggled with alcohol abuse for the last year. I don't know if they were just trying to be funny but it just doesn't sit well with me. I feel...weird about it. Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

That person seems toxic for you
Your  friend  is an asshole and should be confronted. L if they don't change their attitude and demeanor to be supportive they should be dumped after that.   
I feel weird about it and it's not even about me!  Is this person an alcoholic?  
It sounds like they may have their own issues with alcohol. If it's a close friend a little talk might be a good idea. It's best if we set boundaries early on so that we don't fall on our faces later. Best wishes!
Time to edit your friend circle.  Surround yourself with positive supportive people.
They were probably trying to be funny thought since you were banned you might as well drink anyway fuck knows how I wasn't banned either pure luck ...
I have a few friends who don't understand how wrong it is to screw with someone's sobriety. I chalk this up to stunning ignorance but give them a chance to improve. In this case I'd put one request out there to  please don't joke about my sobriety  or something like that. This gives your friend a chance to look into it maybe for the first time and understand how serious it is. If that doesn't change things you should probably conclude that this person is toxic and ghost them. 
Who thinks that is funny?  I would tell them that their response was inappropriate. 
Without knowing your friend I'd suggest maybe there's a chance they use humor when they're uncomfortable... and maybe their sense of humor lies near the darker side of the spectrum?..They might not realize you are so troubled by your drinking... and if they know you are facing up to some issues they may not want to fully come to terms with it themselves. ..Let them know how you're feeling and that you aren't joking around. If they continue to crack jokes and not take it seriously then that's some proof-filled pudding they probably aren't going to stick around when you decide to get fully sober and healthy. At that point it'd be alright for you to write them off. Hope this is helpful. :) 
This seems like a person who may no be healthy for you. Go to meetings - make new friends. I cannot express to you how much easier it was to stay clean while spending time with people who where trying to do the same. Going out making plans finding activities that didn't involve drinking - so much easier with friends in recovery. ..Hit a meeting a day for 30 days - I'll bet you'll find people to hang out with. 
If they are *trying* to be funny they aren't... they should be told their jokes suck. I'd tell that person their remarks are rude as hell and I don't appreciate it. If they kept it up I'd stop speaking to them. 
