-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84dez3/heres_why_it_is_so_important_not_to_give_into/

Hi everyone. So I'll be honest I've been having urges like crazy lately but I'm pushing through them. I've also seen quite a few posts recently with people struggling. So I thought I'd share something out of the SMART Recovery handbook that has been 100% the reason why I am overcoming my urges right now. It may not resonate with everyone but maybe it can help somebody like it's helped me...In response to the belief "this feeling won't go away until I drink":..&gt;Urges always go away. Here's why: Your nervous system eventually stops noticing stimuli. If it didn't you couldn't wear clothing because it would be too uncomfortable. If you fast you know hunger eventually fades away. The dentist-office smell that was so strong when you walked through the door isn't even noticeable by the time you leave...Why it's so important to let the urges ride out:..&gt;**Giving into urges prolongs their presence in life because it reinforces the behavior pattern.** It will make stopping harder as the next urge will likely come more quickly and be more intense. Like a rash if you scratch it occasionally but use healthy remedies the rest of the time the occasional scratching still increases healing time. If you occasionally give in to your urges you simply prolong your dependence on the substance or behavior as a way out when you believe the pain is unbearable...So to anyone struggling right now (including myself): Keep pushing! It really does get better. ..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

This is good info thanks. I've been struggling lately too.
This is great. I love it. Thx!
Thank you for that! It was exactly what I needed to read about today.  I have been struggling with urges terribly this week almost to the point if hanging it up. Thank You! IWNDWYT.
Have been having unpredictable urges myself the last few days - thanks for sharing more useful perspectives on how to endure them and stay on the high side.
I've been dealing with urges too mostly at night when I want to say to my hubby "what the hell let's just have a drink or two." Like either of us would stop there. I'm the drinkstigator in this family for sure. But I'm putting together a plan so planning to stay strong! The nice thing about this sub is knowing that no matter what you're not alone in your feelings so thanks for posting this. 
I will not feed the PIG with you today!
Thanks for this! Anyone who has raised a toddler or visited a pig farm can relate to this. Love it and gives me a boost to get through these terrible urges..
Exactly how I feel. I first quit smoking and found that urges will go away. You need to find a distraction until it passes. 
Nice post - thanks!
this is definitely helpful thanks!
This really resonates as I am started down this path a couple days ago. 
This is EXACTLY what I needed today. Thank you thank you...If anyone else can share with me how you resist your urges it would really help. 
Very good post! 
Very interesting ty.  I'll have to look into smart.
Good one - Thanks for that. 
SMART is fantastic. I'm working on the handbook. Might be the best thing I've done for myself in my entire life. It's not easy humbling and scary to reveal the reasons why you fell into this destructive coping mechanism is the first place. However it's nessecary to do the heavy work. 
I really needed to read this right now thank you much for posting!
I thought this [TED Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp7E973zozc) is pretty relevant. She talks about how many impulses are strongest for about 5 seconds. In her case she's suggesting to say yes to good ideas within that timeframe. I took from it that it becomes much easier to resist bad ideas if you can say no for more than 5 seconds. IWNDWYT
This is encouraging.  I fail every Friday.  The idea that not struggling every Friday could be the new normal is motivating me to power through this Friday. 
I really needed this today thank you. It's hard today for some reason but I will not drink with you :)
I will not drink with you today bitch 
I so needed this right now! Thank you :) Struggling a lot lately too!
Thank you for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
My hubby has made it over 1 month sober I am so proud. He doesn't Reddit but this post would be something great for him to read. Thank you so much. 
Needed this. I'm nearing 2 weeks now and the urges are coming in strong. Having a cup of tea instead. I've been drinking an unreal amount of tea and coffee. I got decaff so I won't be too hyper.  ..The worst thing is last weekend I thought it must have been over 2 weeks since I quit but it hadn't even been a week and a half. I think it's because evenings feel so *long* now I'm not getting drunk. ..On the plus side I went to a get-together recently and had a mocktail and a soda then went home early when at least half the people were getting piss drunk (and the other half were driving). 
Thanks for that. I really need it. 
I went to Strive: TTAA and learned about dealing with THE ResisTance! The monSter.
Thank you :).
Thanks for sharing. I've been observing this thread for a while and racked up a few week-long abstinence victories and suffered a few week-long relapses. Just downloaded the SMART handbook and read halfway through and it's already packed with tools and realizations that help me feel powerful in tackling my addiction. ..I'm a bit averse to AA and this offers a different and practical approach and even has meetings in my area!..Really appreciate it. IWNDWYT!
I am having insane urges for the past 8 days- after about 80 days sober- and I have not been successful fighting them. It is depressing me to no end and I can't believe after doing so well for so long I am moving backwards.  
Always nice to know I am not alone.  Thanks for being here my internet friends.  I will not drink with you today.  
Me too. Thank you. 72 days but recently the urges have come back loud and strong. You're right they go away eventually. Good to hold onto that thought!
Thank you for this - I don't have an immediate urge - a bad day but not an urge. BUT I am afraid of the  pre lapse....where I don't quite feel right when the seed is planted...this is helping me to shake THAT off. This weird feeling of not being quite right will pass too (with the help of kind folks like you). Iwndwyt 
Needed to hear that today it's been a rough one I came here for some encouragement and got exactly that thank you.
The urges have to be avoided at the beginning so that they can eventually fade out of your mind down the road. It get's better and easier stick with it!!!
Thanks for this. While I love my AA group I find the teachings of SMART more simplified and easier to put into practice. 
Thank you for this. I definitely hit  the wall  and every urge feels like the end of the world. I will not scratch the itch today!!
I know this is not super popular but look into naltrexone and the Sinclair method. I don't feel like getting yelled at for bringing it up but watch "one little pill" and look up Dr. eskapa. I have been in the roller coaster of 9 month chips and then binge relapse for ten years. Eskapa's book came out in 2008. No one told me about this science in rehab or in SMART or in AA. It has totally changed my relationship with alcohol. Feel free to ignore the information in the book and the studies but if one person gets better because I mention it I will be paying it forward
Great now I'm noticing all my clothes
I needed this. Thanks.
I needed to read this today. my urges are coming in hot so I've been dealing by pounding coffee and eating Everything. thank you.
The sad thing is it smells like shit and tastes like shit. Why do I have such a bad urge for this SHIT. Agreed to everything you say here it eventually fades and distracting yourself makes it much easier. I find just walking or going for a bike ride to kill time until bed time to be the best medicine. 
Such truth. First 3 months was hell. Now at 20 months I get one hour a month I think about it. It's no biggie
Wow that's so cool! I go to AA on occasion just to be around people but I live in a really small town right now and sadly everyone I've met is at least 20 years older than me and SO RELIGIOUS. We don't have SMART recovery here but maybe I'll get the workbook. Thanks :)
[removed]
Needed this thank you !
Thanks for this
HUHRUGNGHGNGNGHHH. Yes. I understand. Thank you.
It's totally possible to retrain the brain.  You got this!
Really good info  makes so much sense with regards to attempting alcohol free nights and why the don't work !! 
Thanks for sharing that. The SMART literature is indeed quite smart! I love its approach. I won't drink with you today!
Amazing post OP. I'm so happy there are people like you I can credit when someone asks me with a big smile on their face "how did you do it?"
