-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84dk1c/the_struggle_is_real/

I thought things would be much easier after I got this poison out of my system.  I go to bed early so I don't have to think about drinking. It feels like I do a lot of things  simply to avoid thinking about drinking. I hate this. I catch myself subconsciously waiting for this new life style to be completed or done as if it is a task I can finish and then return to my regular programming.  This sucks!! I do not want to drink with you today but it feels as if it is becoming harder not easier. Feeling discouraged and slightly frightened by the thought of screwing up again. Thanks for listening.  IWNTWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep going! This is my first day.. I am hungover from last night. As always with a hangover I am anxious. I am full of regret for saying and doing the things I did last night. I have probably jeopardised my career with what I said. I smelt of alcohol at work this morning. My husband is pissed off at me. I feel like I am dying. I am binge eating. I miss my kids but too screwed up to spend any time with them today. You don't want to get back here. Keep going x
I will not drink with you today 
In my experience it got harder after the first few months. When the initial enthusiasm of this "new journey" wore down I struggled every day and didn't feel the positive things people around me said would come with sobriety...thing is I didn't want go back to drinking because I realized the ugliness of it but I couldn't stand living the day either it's like a constant tug of war in my brain. The only way I know how to cope with this is sweating it out so I went for runs or just went to bed just to stop myself from thinking. The one day at a time thing helped me a lot because by not focusing on tomorrow it's not as overwhelming. If I feel like shit today and think I'll feel this way tomorrow and the next day it's too much for me so I think about just today go to bed and shut this thing off and not think about tomorrow...These past couple of weeks I just felt that struggle loosen up a lot and it's not filling most of my day as it used to. It's a beautiful feeling. I probably will have other periods where I struggle but I guess I'll just have to white knuckle through them..I believe we've got all different time for reaching that "I feel ok" phase but I got faith that with time and some work we can get there. IWNTWYT!
Sometimes I feel this way too. Esp the part about thinking at some point I'll have "finished" sobriety and can drink again. For me I just try to ride out the bad moods because fortunately happier moods seem to be usually just a few hours away and then I forget all about being angry about being sober. I hope you find things that work for you. 
