-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84efrd/anybody_afraid_to_tell_their_friends_family/

Hey all 12 days ago I quit drinking.  Since then I haven't had a chance to hang out with my friends or family (been with my fianc  or at work).  This weekend I'll be going to a family birthday party and when I get offered a drink I'm afraid to say that I'm  sober  and want to instead say  Not drinking tonight .  I'm not sure if it's because there's a  stigma  around the word sober because it implies I have a problem (I do) but my family didn't know my struggle with alcohol and I think they would be disappointed in me for letting it get so far.  Anyone else feel this way?  
----------immediate responses--------

I used to and I didn't share with friends and some family at first for that reason. A simple "I'm not drinking tonight" was always enough for people to lose interest. I didn't tackle telling people all at once just as it felt natural over time. All of a sudden I am "out" to pretty much everyone and I'm not the least bit embarrassed or ashamed.
I didn't tell my parents until they called me out on it around 7 months dry. I was worried I'd fail so I didn't want any "I told you so"s that my step-mom just loooooooves to toss around. I also didn't want to admit to them that I had a problem. ..I made it through Thanksgiving and Christmas before they ever said anything. When they did bring it up I was past the whole shitty early sobriety phase so I was actually feeling confident and happy with being dry... it felt really good to get it out in the open. ..If you're not comfortable yet you don't have to say anything. Just shrug it off with a "not drinking tonight" (as best you can cuz sometimes people get weird and pushy) and tell them when you're ready. Or spill it all. You do you! Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
This is day 9 for me and I'm afraid to tell people.   Partly because it would be admitting that I have a problem and part because I'm just not ready to share yet.    I will not worry about it and am going to focus on taking care of myself and enjoying my freedom.  
"The people that mind dont matter and the people that matter dont mind." Youll find out pretty quick who your true friends and family are unfortunately but on the positive side weeding out the people that do "mind" frees up a ton of space for the ones that "dont mind."
If they didn't know your struggle with alcohol and they would be disappointed you let it get  this far  what could you have done differently besides getting sober to prevent it from getting  this far ? They don't know how far you let it get. Getting sober just means you decided not to let it get any further...But to answer your question yes I have felt that way and still haven't really told most people after &gt;3 months.
I only told my family after my wife left me. I wish I had told them I was struggling earlier instead of isolating myself and my wife. Even if you don't quite get sobriety now if your family is supportive it will help. My mom was most upset about the fact that I struggled with this alone for so long. My dad uncle and Grandpa to name a few are/were alcoholics.
