-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84hcyw/sober_friend_is_using_again/

Hi everyone .Just a bit of a rant here. I met my friend Rob when I moved to a new city. I had about two years sober at that point but was still feeling really unsteady with my sobriety. I had a long term relationship end a couple months earlier just moved to a city and didn't have any contacts there. I was scared. I met Rob at an AA meeting and we hit it off. We've been best friends for the past year. He texted me earlier today to tell me he met up with his ex who he got sober with years ago. She was using again...He told me he used with her last night and that they're now dating again...He said it was fun taking opiates with her last night and implied it wouldn't be a problem because it wasn't alcohol. He also promised that he wouldn't ever be high around me ..I told him I didn't want to hang around anyone actively using because it's unhealthy for me. He said he's not actively using but his nonchalant attitude about relapsing makes me think it will happen again...I don't know what to tell him but I just needed to get this out to you guys...Thanks for listening
----------immediate responses--------

Your first instinct is the right one. Let him know you'll be there when he's ready to get sober but until then it's best if you have some distance...As someone who has a relationship as my primary risk of relapse he's not thinking yet he is still looking through rose coloured glasses. Let him figure out what he needs to and relearn that lesson it you want you can be there at the other end.
Fact of life: We literally have 0% control over other people. Certainly it sad to see people close to us make choices that go against their own well-being morals or principles. All we can do is point towards that choice to them make it clear they made a choice that goes against their intentions but only they get to decide if they think that choice is okay or not and whether or not they want to follow through with their previous intentions. Apparently your friends intention to find a relationship outweighed his intention to remain sober. You can absolutely let him know this but afterwards the ball is in his court.
I think you are definitely using your noggin. Stay clear. Danger. Danger. 
Other people do their thing and it can be painful.  I find that I do lean on other people at times for ego strength.  That's human nature.  So when something like this happens it can be tough to take.  I'm sorry.  I can only imagine how this must feel.  IWNDWYT
Anyone who can take opiates with that attitude in the current climate is out of their minds. Might not hurt to let him know that an addict is an addict and if he can't moderate alcohol there's no way in hell he can moderate that shit. Your instincts are right I got caught up in a similar situation and getting off dope was 100000x harder than alcohol for me. Stay away and don't let his denial rub off on you. Remember that you've gotta do the steps backwards in order to get to where he's at and you fought hard to get here. Good job talking about it instead of letting it fester.
I have been in your situation and for me I had to make it clear to my friend that- in all honesty I would miss her and really enjoyed her friendship but I wasn't able to take risks with my sobriety and being around someone who was using was a big risk. I wished her luck. ..I still hope she is ok. 
