-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84ols9/day_1_rantings/

Sorry in advance as this will be a typical day 1 self-pitying post. Think I just have to get things off my chest and send out signals for possible like-minded people so I don't feel so alone and maybe get to a better mental space quicker. ..My first beef is with This Naked Mind. I finally finished it despite not enjoying it because I don't want to be a quitter. I'm back here for similar reasons. The book became a trigger for me. I listened to it via audiobook. Pretty sure it increased my urges to drink. And I did. I know it's an intelligent book and I respect that it's resonated positively with so many people. Things I did not like: she often speaks in absolutes and as if her experience is that of everyone. I don't relate to most of her reasons for drinking. For instance saying "alcohol adds nothing of value" or saying "no one wants to admit we're influenced by marketing".  Actually drinking was super helpful to me for a while it allowed me to drop my ego when I needed to focus my brain on other things. I got carried away that's my problem it's not alcohol's fault. Some people don't get carried away. I'm also super aware of how I'm influenced but thanks for constantly speaking as though I've never critically thought about the marketing of alcohol as though most people haven't. I appreciated the information I guess just not the delivery. ..Which brings me to my ultimate point. Does anyone else struggle with getting truly sober because you just don't like the idea of possibly growing into a sanctimonious bore? Don't get me wrong I know so many people don't. But there's also a resentment I have for sober people proclaiming they are free that the drink no longer rules them. In my experience sober people talk about drinking a lot more than people who don't have a problem drinking. It seems to me the problem is the dependence on a substance not the substance. I've been fat all my life clearly I have a problem with consuming my feelings...Hoping I can rid myself of these constant negative feelings I have about not drinking by commiserating with people who may feel the same or who may have overcome similar feelings. ..
----------immediate responses--------

No need to apologize for your post. I think you bring up some good points for respectful deliberation. ..I've only read a few chapters of "This Naked Mind" its fine. Some points resonate with me. Other points dont. I approached what I read with a take what I need and leave the rest mentality. I also didnt really look at it as a straight through read like I have on other books. I pick it up and put it down when the mood strikes me...I had a lot of misgivings about getting sober in beginning a definite piece of that was for fear of  becoming sanctimonious about sobriety. I tend to do everything to the extreme including drinking (obviously) and so I was worried I would carry this intensity into sobriety as well. But I mostly keep my sobriety to myself except on here (cuz y'all are voluntarily subjecting yourselves to my ramblings) and to a very few people in real life who are also sober. ..I don't view others who can drink as lesser beings. Alcohol is bad for me in a way that its apparently not bad for lots of other people...In the real world I sort of view my sobriety like I view my religion its my business not yours. If you ask about it I may tell you and I may not. I wont push my beliefs on you if you agree not to do the same to me...At the same time though even though its like preaching to the choir I do get really excited about sobriety sometimes (let's be honest its sort of a love hate relationship occasionally) and I like to share my good feelings and positive experiences with this community. I'm also not afraid to vent here when I am having a shitty fucking day. But I think thats sort of the beauty of this community. ..I honestly dont know if drinking and alcohol will ever fade away from me and if I will ever be truly "free" from it. Sobriety for me has become a new way of experiencing my life its opened some different doors for me. While not all of those experiences are tied to alcohol directly I wonder if many of them would have happened if I hadn't made the choice to get sober. So in a way a lot of things in my life do get tied back to alcohol and sobriety. But who knows that may change in the future...Not sure if this was helpful or not. My experience. Hopefully you find your way to a better mental space today!
I love this post. I liked TNM but I did want her to just pipe down sometimes. I felt like she said the same thing a hundred different ways  . I like her podcast a lot more. I think that people who are sanctimonious about sobriety are probably generally sanctimonious about lots of stuff. Thankfully I don't find it to be here on this sub. And mind you this *is* the internet. 
I just started This Naked Mind...can't make any judgements yet but I suppose being wishy washy about controlling alcohol wouldn't sell many books.    .I had a hard time quitting before I accepted and assumed my identity as an alcoholic. Do I go around and broadcast it from the rooftops? No...but I am open about it. The only way I was able to quit for good was draw a clear and distinct line in the sand. I had to embrace the fact that alcoholism was a progressive disease that was going to kill me if I didn't do something about it. It runs in my family. It is in my DNA. I don't have a choice in the matter so the only way I am really able to not drink is **own it**. If I didn't make a deliberate and clear distinction about my problem with alcohol then the door would still be cracked open in my mind and that Voice would start gnawing away at me. Quitting for good is fucking hard. Sometimes it's something that I'm proud of and like to talk about.
Glad you're here!  Yep lots of things irritated me could be made better didn't particularly relate to me didn't respect how I thought it should be.  I get it...I discovered that anytime I'm  upset  (general place holder for irritated disturbed uneasy restless discontent resentful angry disappointed x y z...) that's a signal for me that  something's wrong with me .   Wrong  meaning *In Contention*...There's  how I think things should be  and there is  how things are ...The extent of my Contention is the magnitude of difference between those two...I began to notice when I was  upset ....and asked myself:  do I *want* to be irritated?  Discontent?  Resentful?  If so I'm right where I want to be!  If not I choose differently...Whadda ya think?....
I like to look at my doubts whatever they have been in this light:  it's my addiction talking.  That always puts my shit talking side into its place.  Any time I experience resistance to being sober I know exactly what it is.  Therefore I am free of that resistance to sobriety most days.  ..I'm better off sober because I caused issues drinking and scientifically I've screwed myself.  I pushed the limits and I lost out.  Oh well this is our one life and I wrecked one part of mine permanently.  I also lost a lot of years farting around that I'll never get back.  ..But I'm busy getting my head screwed on straighter now and I still have time to do better in my own eyes spend my time keeping it real moving forward.  I'll chase sobriety as hard as I chased booze.  That means things to me personally that may differ in your own experience we just share similar experiences dropping the actual addiction.  ..I'm here for a reason and I'll stay and encourage and engage people as long as the experience aids me to help myself.  Anything that does not aid me does not serve me.  This sub is literally saving my life      I will not drink with you today 
I have never read the naked mind and probably wont. I listened to one audiobook while at work when I first started trying to get sober about a women and her experiences getting sober. It had the same effect. After the first chapter I ruined my 1 week of sobriety. .
I'm very glad I read your post. .I have The Naked Mind (hardback) in my cart on Amazon right now. I hadn't clicked  buy  yet for some reason. I had heard only positive reviews up to now. I even read that it was available free to SD subscribers - but the link was dead. I'm glad I read your post and the replies for a different critique of the book. Thanks. .I Will Not Drink With You Today. 
This Naked Mind was OK for me. I think it may have been written for people who have a mild problem..The best book for me is Alcoholics Anonymous. Narcotics Anonymous is a good alternative since it is a little more up to date. These books resonated with me I felt they more accurately resonated with my problem.
