-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84pr3u/does_the_alcohol_obsessed_anxiety_ever_go_away_do/

Sometimes I think about life pre-alcohol when I was a teen and had fun and chilled out in the evening doing art and listening to music or reading and would never have thought I'd need alcohol. For awhile I was a stoner. Then the alcohol dependency happened and I can't kick it for longer than a week. .I'll have used up some of my nervous energy cleaning walking the dog etc. And want to relax on the couch and watch a movie before bed (don't get me started on the wanting to drink to sleep stuff). But I can't focus I can't relax and I know that if I were drinking I'd be chill and not checking my phone and anxious etc. I'd just be watching the movie. Do you know what I mean? Does that ever go away? Do you ever get to that place from before alcoholism? .I'm not naive- I know it will always be a struggle. Like temptations when stressed or at a party or sad etc. idk if I'm even explaining this right... 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah you can.  I can.  It'll take a little while but I'll get back there.  At least it's not hard these days as being anxious all the time I'm over that part.  If you push through the first rough bits then start picking up some kind of healthy activities you'll adjust again.  
I know exactly what you mean but I cant really tell you if it will get better or ever be the same as you predrinking days..im just starting my own journey hoping to recapture those days myself 
Believe me you can get back to that place before drugs and alcohol invaded our lives.  It takes time and patience.  My recovery includes Smart Recovery (face to face) meetings exercise and yoga 4x/week this sub meditation. I focus hard on activities that can help reduce my anxiety.  Over time I have become more peaceful and calm.  I am able to enjoy life again.  It took me about 6 months to get  normalized  after I quit.  Best wishes on your recovery.
I can relate to this post so much you can do it! Stay positive I
I'm only eights months in but i'm starting to believe its possible to get back to that. I've even had my moments where i was happy or giddy as a little kid which is a weird thing to see in a 33yr old man i'm sure :) Alcohol isn't constantly in my mind anymore and i've only just realised that by thinking of it :) although i understand its a time to be cautious off i'm pretty happy about that. I've had some bad days but i've also had some really great days and some just ok days and some good days. The good days are taking over i believe. So yeah you'll get there its a power through thing i think. Its also what keeps me sober. I have an idea of what is possible because of the succes stories on this sub and i would hate to fall back i also have an idea of what that fallback looks like because of this sub and i take it as a warning. I hope never to have to start from day 1 again i don't exclude it i get that its a possibility but i'm doing all in my power as far as i'm capable at the moment to never get back to "square 1". I've lost too much because of alcohol and i've gained too much because of sobriety. (sorry bout the rant :) that was unexpected i'm having a reflective evening :)..Here's to playing in the sandbox again..
Doesn't feel like it for me so far. ..I always had trouble coping with things before alcohol too...I do everything right exercise hobbies friends. Everything but therapy so far.
It does go away but it takes a while.  In my early days of sobriety I avoided the activities that I usually drank while participating in.  I wasn't online for 6 months I basically disappeared from social media.  It was tough to find other things to do but somehow I did it.  I can't remember the last time I felt like I was craving a drink.  I have weird thoughts out of the blue that shoot through my brain about wanting to drink but I seem to be able to chase them out with prayer meditation and realizing that those thoughts come from a place that I don't exist in any longer.  .So yes there is hope loads of it!  IWNDWYT!
