-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84q6rr/has_anyone_just_quit_with_no_relapses/

I know we can't see our futures but is there anyone who decided to just up and quit one day and did so without relapsing? I guess I'm just curious as to whether or not we're actually able to quit "forever" the first time we give sobriety a shot. Or is relapsing a part of EVERYONE's journey?..Curious to hear what others have to say. Thanks! 
----------immediate responses--------

well I can say that ive relapsed several times when I wanted to quit in the past Dont know that I can speak for others but I reckon its rare not to relapse at all 
My brother...I'm in awe of him.  He drank everyday at least a 6 pack if not more. He reminded me of my dad it was a part of their daily routine.  He was also a smoker.  He decided one day 2 years ago he didn't want to drink anymore and then because smoking triggers him to drink he gave up both same day and never looked back. Again so in awe.  Why can't I be that strong?
[removed]
&gt; but is there anyone who decided to just up and quit one day..I'd *never* describe it like that especially since it took a medical emergency for me to "decide" to quit drinking... but I've not drank once since I said I'd stop. 
This is my first time quitting and that feels special to me... I'll try and explain why though it may not make sense!..I feel like if I drank tomorrow then got back on the wagon then every other time it would be easy for me to think  I'll just start again like I did last time  (just like I do with diets/healthy eating always start tomorrow) I feel like I only get one shot at doing it *this time* but any other attempt after this would be easier to slip and restart. ..Sorry if that is just a ramble... I know what I mean  
My dad made it 25 years then started again. 
I think it's rare to never relapse....but of course there are always expections to every rule! ..I started this journey last April....so almost a year ago. I made it 64 days. Since then I've relapsed quite a bit. Right now I've surpassed my previous stretch of time....and I can say this time does feel different somehow. ..But if it makes you feel better....I can say that once I got on here relapses were very different for me. Previous to joining this community...reading learning accepting I DO have a problem and it's not just a bad habit I let get out of control....I'd stop for a few days and then drink for months. Throughout this past year tho...anytime I relapsed it didn't last long. It was like the shades were open and there was no way to close them again. From the first sip of the relapse I knew that I was making the wrong decision. There just was no fooling myself anymore. ..You may get it right the 1st time...or you may relapse. But don't let it get in your head. Your doing the right thing by being here...by acknowledging there's a problem. And that will stay with you! Iwndwyt  
I've heard a lot of stories in AA and many are "over and done" (not mine)...Thing to remember about relapses (and to tell to the inner addict who is trying to sell you just this once) is there is no guarantee we will come back to sobriety after a relapse - this I have seen.
Quit drinking after family intervention and I/O patient rehab.  No relapses. I was sober for 11 awesome years. Unfortunately a Dry Drunk the last few of those years. I let my sobriety drop waaaaay down on my priorities of Life. I was not drinking but I slowly got my emotional and mental states to how I was before I became sober. Family just assumed I was rockin' my sobriety and no longer even talked about it...I let my character defects run rampant and when a huge physical and emotional tragedy happened...my Zombie AV had me saying that just one wouldn't hurt. Just a few beers left over in the fridge from a party. Eeeew. So better buy vodka my drug of choice. Kindling had me back to a fifth of vodka a night and I was so depressed and lost...Moral of my relapse story? It really is one day at a time. I have to keep my sobriety number one even before my kiddos because without my sobriety my kiddos have an absent Mommy...Relapse lesson for me:  No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch. ..I will not drink with y'all today.  within  
I did it 728 days ago with no relapse(s). Keeping busy and 'playing the tape forward' kept my sobriety in check. So yes it can be done! 
I have not had a drink in 298 days no relapse..I had one accidental sip of alcoholic kombucha because I did not realize it had alcohol in it. .I was able to do it with the help of this subreddit and by reading This Naked Mind. Also by eating lots of sugar and chocolate haha
I quit once for 3 years and once for 5 years.  Each time I restarted I thought I could moderate. No Way!  Last relapse lasted 18 years.  At 61 I've finally learned.
This is the first time I quit "for real." No relapses. I probably tried to cut down hundreds of times before that. It wasn't until I accepted the fact that moderation is not an option is when I was able to do it for good. Fear of the [Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) definitely keeps me motivated. Relapses also are like "taking a lawnmower to your garden." This means all the valuable neurotransmitters I have been cultivating for the last 500+ days would be washed away by alcohol. My addicted brain would instantly reverse itself back to Day 1. Fuck that. 
My dad is an alcoholic and he quit before I was born (I'm 32). He went to AA meetings and I guess it really helped him. He never really talked to me about it and it was always a real sensitive subject in our family so I don't know too much about his story. But I do know he quit and is still going strong. 
I have not relapsed but had tried and failed countless times to moderate. I'm all or nothing with alcohol. I can drink all of it or none of it. 
I have been sober for almost three years. It was my first time quitting and I have had no relapses. My belief is that relapses may be common but they are not **inevitable.**
I hope it's not but it does seem common!  I quit 12/17 and hope I never feel that pull again.  I'm working on positives to replace all the negatives of drinking.
My dad quit in '08 but he had quite a few attempts at sobriety before then. I decided to get sober in July 2016 and so far so good...but it's a daily conversation with myself to stick to it--whether it's just thinking "I'm so glad I'm sober" or actively reminding myself of why I'm choosing to be sober.
My sister - her first attempt was 7 years ago and I'll be going with her to get her 7 year chip on March 17th! This is my first (and hopefully last) attempt as quitting. 
So far. But it's still one day at a time.
My father quit drinking in 1983 and didn't touch it again for the rest of his life. He died in 2015. He was a pretty serious alcoholic. He did smoke weed the rest of his life so he wasn't technically  sober  but yes it can be done.
I have been sober for 6 months and I see myself staying sober for life because I've made up my mind that I do not want to be a drinker... once I've admitted that I can't handle moderation it's been easier for me 
[removed]
This is the only real  try  I've ever given it! So far so good :)
