-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84wpqb/hit_an_unexpected_wall/

Going on almost three weeks sober since a brief relapse.  I was cruising along and for some reason today I've been abnormally anxious irritable impulsive and really just  flat.   Sex drive is almost non existent. Still no urge to drink necessarily but I can't help but wonder is that pink cloud gone?  Will I feel like this from here on out?  Irritated with my drinking friends too.  Don't even want to talk to them.  Not out of envy (I don't think) but more just annoyance and fatigue of being overly positive for 3 weeks.  Maybe it's mental fatigue?  My SO had a few wines last night and when I smelled it I wanted to puke.  Anyone else have these days?  Any advice is greatly appreciated!  Thanks y'all!!!
----------immediate responses--------

It could be totally unrelated to drinking. Just stay strong and don't give in. It gets better.
Sounds like normal human emotions to me. What I have done like this happened yesterday to me I stopped everything I was doing told my wife I needed 20 min to myself got on my bike and took a short bike ride...I came back and was refreshed...700 days ago I would have started drinking at 1:00pm and done something really really stupid...Over the last 680 days my biggest lesson is that life does not stop happening around me but how I decide how to react to the life that happens around me is key to my state of mind and it is this mental shift that stopping drinking was able to accomplish for me. ..Other things that have helped:..* No laptop or phone in bed .* I read a book or a magazine (Like the new yorker with long form stories) till my eyes start to close. This gets me solid sleep which gives me a good start to every day.* I try and go to the gym 3 times a week and take a walk after dinner 4 times a week.* I stopped consuming political news (I was a HUGE political news consumer).* If I am unhappy anxious moody I acknowledge those feelings and think about why I feel that way. .* The biggest boost to my mental well-being besides removing alcohol is radically changing my diet so I only eat whole foods I eat healthy portions and doing these things allows me to avoid the hypoglycemic roller coaster ride that messes with my mental state
I was that way yesterday Day 4 of sobriety for me. Everyone was on my last nerve and I was unusually tired and cranky. I made a cup of hot tea and got in bed earlier than normal with a good book and woke up feeling pretty darn great today. I thought it was withdrawal related but today I can honestly say I was just pooped and having a crummy day. Try to figure out what works for you - meditation hot bath with a good book/magazine taking a walk etc.
I got downright pissy sometimes.  I kept in mind to be as gentle as my current abilities permitted with the other people involved and did my personal work... certain days that involved bed and books other days it involved getting out to breath other days it was diving into work.  Whatever it took to get through.. those days pass we come out proud of our progress and tenacity and willingness to allow bad days to pass by without being overly reactive to them.  Part of the process   not the end of the world or permanent.  Expect the unexpected and it's easier to handle .But I will not drink about any of it with you : )
I know this is hard. I totally agree. My SO asked if I wanted to go eats at friends tomorrow night St Paddy's day. Um ya no not really because everyone will be sauced and it will be all about drinks. On day 12 here I know I can't handle it.  I feel emotional too often. I guess my advice would be sometimes it is all about attitude and perspective. Know your limits take care of you.
