-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84xkk7/always_had_depression_need_advice/

Hello all. Thanks for this wonderful community. I'm sure I've been able to go this long w/o booze because of this place...I'm struggling though and need advice. .Quitting alcohol is the best decision I've ever made. No doubt..Gone is the sickness the guilt and for the most part the anxiety. I'm in the best physical shape of my life...I'm dealing with a terrible sadness though. I can't seem to shake it. .I wake up most mornings ready to cry. I'm lonely and sad. Period..This is not a new thing I'm pretty sure I've been dealing with this my whole life. .As a result I used alcohol to dull the pain. ..I've taken steps to cure this. I'm seeing a counselor. I meditate I talk to a fellow sobernaut. .I'm still very depressed and I think I'm ready to talk about medication.. What do I do to shake this? What advice do you have for someone tired of being sad?..Thank you.IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I prayed to the universe.  I prayed hard for the universe to throw me a bone and the wisdom to recognize it.  
For me vigorous exercise until it becomes an addiction is the only natural way to lift my depression. When I have been unable to do that I usually end up back on antidepressants. 
In my case medication was a lifesaver. I hope you feel better! 
I've been depressed my whole life. Even as a child I was just off. I've been on medication for almost 10 years and I'll never go off. For some people it's a forever problem because our brains just don't make the right amount of chemicals. Going on meds freed me. I still feel sad lonely anxious... but in normal and manageable amounts. Medication finally allowed me to be me. The adjustment to the meds were hard and you might not find the right prescription off the bat - but you can do it!  
Thank you so much for the advice everyone. .I'm going to talk to my doctor on Monday..This is very heartening:.*Going on meds freed me.*.:-)..
i'm experiencing the same thing today
I can remember feeling sad and hopeless even before started drinking. While drinking I thought being depressed was just the price you paid the day after. After deep introspection and therapy I'm coming to the realization that I might be one of those people that just has a chemical imbalance in their brain. It will be nice to be free of this once and for all. I'm hopeful this morning. Thanks again for the feedback. ..Hope you feel better puffycleopas. Keep fighting the good fight. .I guarantee things will get easier as you start putting more sober days behind you..IWNDWYT
