-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/851e9e/i_wont_drink_over_it_but_im_not_fine/

They say that when it rains it pours which is certainly my experience lately. This is just a vent/rant...Work has been crazy stressful and combined with a lot of toxic work politics and a top heavy management that is out of touch with its front line workers it's not a great place to be at the moment. I've also stupidly tied my in progress Masters to my workplace so am unable to leave until May 2019. Without that I would have resigned in the last three months. But it's ok I'll practice letting go and letting god and put on a happy face and keep my head down and get through it. It's fine...Also having some bowel issues have just been putting up with it thinking it was dietary only going gluten free for two months didn't help neither did eating lactose free or changing meals etc. finally go to the doctor thinking she'll tell me to get more fibre or something instead she says it sounds like inflammatory bowel disease. So now I'm seeing a specialist next week and possibly getting a colonoscopy. Ok sucks but I can deal with this. It's fine I'm fine...Last Sunday someone drove through a red light and hit me. I was physically fine but the car has been written off. That's ok it's just a car I'm ok and that's what matters. Except the other party isn't answering his phone so insurance has been screwing me over no hire car $800 excess. After a frustrating week my witness finally answers his phone and they settle my claim. However even though I won't get all my money for a week or so the hire car I'm now eligible for was only until settlement so I'm out of luck. That's fine I'll deal I'll be fine...Today I spent hours car shopping while dealing with public transport because everyone who was  there for you whatever you need  after the accident suddenly disappeared when I actually needed something. Spoke to 5 dealerships who advertised  drive away  cars only none of them were actually registered or ready to drive away. That's ok I can wait I'll be fine...Then my bathroom sink started backing up. Did what I could with my rudimentary plumbing skills but it's fucked and my landlord has 14 days to reply so won't be fixed any time soon. That's ok I can wash up in the kitchen and though the house smells...interesting I'll deal. I'll be fine...I have my specialist appointment this week and no way to get there so will be cabbing or ubering across town. I'm facing having to take two days off work for the colonoscopy. My old car has already been taken to salvage forty minutes away and if I want my stuff back I'll have to go during working hours by cab or Uber again. I'll likely have to take more time off work to buy a car so I can get the rego sorted. It's all starting to add up...Today I realised I'm not fine. And for once in my life I've set aside my pride and I'm telling people I'm not fine and I'm asking for help. And all the friends and family including my AA family who I'm always doing favours for and bending over backwards for are offering thoughts and prayers or just silence and no actual advice or help. ..I know my problems are first world problems but they're large and real to me and I'm really struggling at the moment. I can feel the panic attacks coming on I'm crying at the slightest setbacks and I'm pretty sure by tomorrow I'll be a smoker again. I will not drink because I'm stubborn and I refuse to let this stop me collecting a two year chip in April. ..But I just need *someone* to know and understand that I'm not fine and life just seems slightly harder than necessary right now and I don't know how to cope with all this.
----------immediate responses--------

Roar!  Run of bad luck!  Can you possibly get a rental car.  .I will not drink with you.  
I hear you!!! .I like how you said you're stubborn and won't cash in. I always think that too that I don't want to have my first drink because of a bad and stressful situation. I don't ever want to have another drink but it would be worse to give in on a bad time. This shall pass. Sending you internet ears and hugs. 
Drinking always makes it worse. Much worse...Life can be a bastard...I will not drink with you today!
That's so much stress for you. Yikes! I wish I could help!
The hardest thing for me to face and the reason I kept relapsing is the need to say "I'm fine" all the time. I had to be fine I had to do everything and do it right. I'm not fine and neither are you and it's good to admit that. Some times in our lives we just have to keep wading through the mud until we get to the other side...My son has IBD and it's not the end of the world these days. He has regular treatment and it keeps him pretty healthy. He also can't drink at all on his medication because of the strain the drugs place on his liver so that's a good thing in our family.
Ugh I so feel for you!!  Been there done that big league!  .I hope you don't mind a bit of advice.  Here's what I do when I am in your situation: .1) I sit down with a cup of tea; .2) do a few relaxation exercises (progressive head to toe/toe to head whatever works - I do this so I can gather my thoughts; .3) make a list of exactly what I need to get done; .4) start calling people and basically assigning tasks but in a nice way.  I find that people don't know what to do to help but they do want to help so they need to be told what is most helpful.  Be bold &amp; courageous.  I think you will find the help you need especially since you have been so helpful to people in the past.  You paid it forward now it's time for you to collect..Hope this helps!  IWNDWYT!.
These are all external things. life sucks for you right now but its not you fucking up. if you just hold fast you will get through this and youll be stronger. good luck. times like this make us appreciate the good times. do what you can to sort it out a day at a time. 
