-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/851zrl/any_advice_for_struggling_so/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon is a great program for those who have a loved one with a drinking problem. Also r/alanon is a pretty good sub. 
We are all accountable for our behavior regardless of whether we are drinking or not. Being clear about our boundaries with people helps everyone. Whether it's friends or family or romantic partners we teach others how to treat us. Wishing you the best.
I got married because I liked the "idea" of respectability that came with having children. When the kids came alone they suffered greatly because of my alcoholism. I put them and my wife through nine years of hell. When I eventually left I put myself through hell until I finally admitted to my innermost self that I was alcoholic and started to look for help. Up until that point I used to think I drank because I was stressed and it helped me sleep. The reality was that I was stressed because I drank so much and passing out is not the same as sleeping. After this moment of clarity I started going to AA and stopped drinking ten years ago - I haven't touched a drop since then...One of the hardest but also one of the most loving things my wife did way back then was to kick me out and insist on absolutely zero contact until I sobered up. It took 3 years of sobriety for me to see my kids again. It took 7 years of sobriety for me to return to the family and be a father for the first time so much was the pain I put them all through when drinking. But we are all together now and I am mending the damage my alcoholism caused us all in the past...What my wife did is called tough love. It's called tough love because it was tough on her not because it was tough on me. My wife got a lot of help from [Al-anon](http://al-anon.org/) all the while I was drinking it gave her the strength to do the right thing and kick me out. If she had carried on enabling me then God only knows how it would have turned out - I'd be dead for sure maybe my wife and kids would be dead too. ..Love conquers all - it's just that sometimes it has to be of the tough variety.
To me it sounds like he's in the trapped-wounded-animal state where he knows he's in trouble but he *really* needs/wants to stay in denial so much that if it means gaslighting you so be it. It's not okay of course. ..It's not okay to be abandoned or pushed away or to be shined on when you try to connect and be taken seriously. It's not okay to have to walk on eggshells. And I think the risk is that you fold yourself into smaller and smaller shapes to fit into the corners around his other love drinking. ..It diminishes you. And your challenges feel like a threat a physical threat to something he's scared of being without. I describe this landscape so you can identify the gaslighting but also so you can be realistic about what you're up against--it's not always the drinking per se it's the whole lying army trained to protect the drinking. That army can take down a lot of people before the war is over and there's no guarantee the truth will win. ..Getting sober is the hardest thing I've ever done and I've done a lot of hard things. Knowing how it is I would hit pause on future plans until he's ready as harsh as that sounds. Can't go down with the ship and only he can decide to save it. I'm sorry. :-(
