-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/852rjd/checking_in_5months/

Sorry this may be a bit boring it's more as a log for myself to read when I'm feeling low...This last 10-20 days has been strange I've gone from being superwoman since new year and winning at life to becoming overwhelmed at work and nearly relapsing.  ..I made a post about a week and a half ago about buying and even pouring myself some wine whilst alone in a hotel.  I'dbeen so okay with my sobriety id stopped having my guard up I wasn't particularly struggling or missing drinking so my near relapse literally came out of nowhere.  It started with an innocent  wouldn't it be nice to have a glass of two of prosecco whilst I work tonight I'm alone it wouldn't be hurting anyone..' and ended with me pouring a  10 bottle into the loo frantically then stuffing my face with chocolate and crisps no work got done I was exhausted I slept...I've since really assessed why and know it was because I had allowed my work to take over my life again leaving no room for myself.  My hobbies had taken a back seat because my new found success means I have more work to do than ever I was exhausted but working evenings and managing to just do my weekly exercises but barely getting 4-5hrs sleep a night with no sign of it slowing.  The tiredness and stress and lack of me time put me back into the frame of mind where my knee jerk response to self medicate to cope.  ..I've spent the last week and a half working slightly longer than my working day (an hr earlier and an hr later) but then keeping those evenings and weekends as mine.  As I once read ...you don't look back at life from your death bed and wish you spent more time working.  I have refocused my goals and continued with them it's made a huge difference.  I actually achieve more in my work day since I'm not frazzled. I am back I feel good again and even told my work colleagues I'm a non drinker finally...So far over the last 5 months:.. I spent the first 2 going to aa gaming !! job searching deciding what I like and what I want for future me and getting into self care habits - brushing my teeth EVERY night keeping my nails clean starting to exercise lightly but eating what I damn well wanted cause my only goal was not to drink...I had my alcoholic mum over for a dry Christmas - it was my first year hosting and when she left she told my dad (they are divorced) that it was the best Christmas she'd ever had    our relationship is so much stronger...Since jan I have... (most are superficial as i was looking rough)..Lost 10lbs by dieting - most this last month as I've adopted the ketosis diet which I always used to do but enjoy what I want to eat on sundays.  It feels so good to know I'm working my way to my goal weight!..Ive been doing weights 3x a week and stretch x 2 or 3 to learn the splits (something I always wished I could do since I was a kid)..Had a brace put on last week with monthly payments which are easily affordable as they are less than I spent on alcohol - I used to have good teeth but over the years hey have moved so my goal is to get them right again. ..Booked to see a trichologist as I have a bald patch from when I wore clip in extensions that makes me feel insecure and want to do something about it...Booked to have my lashes/eyebrows and hair done next week as a treat - I haven't spent on a hairdresser in 15years and always cut my hair myself - I've decided to go for it and found a fantastic hair salon - going to get my hair dyed in balayage style...Adopted a good face routine with Zein obagi range...Stopped fake tanning as it makes me feel grubby...Been learning guitar using Xbox (rock smith) my goal is to learn 1 song in full by the end of the year - I chose  green onions'..Learning Spanish using Duolingo (free app)and spend around 5minutes a night - I have to say this has improved my memory 10fold I highly recommend..I've been there for my friends (I only have 3) and family and these relationships are really blossoming. I smiled yesterday because I used to go weeks not hearing from friends and in one hr I'd heard from all 3.  Each tells me how much they value me They haven't done this ever in the years we've been friends...I no longer have responsibility or telephone aversion it feels like dealing with issues is easy compared to how it used to be -  just do it'..My sister has also stopped drinking and I like to tell myself that perhaps our not drinking  together has helped with that - I'm a better influence...My self respect is far better I was always so flakey a hot mess but now I am becoming solid.  in work I am seen as organised enthusiastic motivated and RELIABLE I was never reliable!!! My boss relies on me to set the standard for the team he comes to me for answers and that feels incredible.  I started this job in month 2 sober so they don't know my hungover counterpart at all...I love being sober - it doesn't instantly make things better but it gives you the chance to be the best you change becomes possible.  ...I love hearing how ppl are making changes for the better so I hope this is motivating for someone. I would love to hear back on things that have improved for you??
----------immediate responses--------

Your self awareness &amp; honesty is admirable and something I hope to achieve. Thank you so much for your bravery and sharing your story. I can't believe you got that close and didn't drink that is some strength! You should be so damn proud of yourself. I'm only 17 days sober but have felt the mental shift as well as emotional connection with booze all but disappear I know it will rear it's ugly head time and again. But I feel amazing and more sure every hour this is how I want to continue feeling! I don't have many sober friends actually I only have one ironically enough I'm a bartender and while the temptation isn't there neither is the ability to communicate with anyone on a real level. Was feeling pretty alone so again I want to thank you. Keep it up and damn right pamper yourself... you effin deserve it! Eat all the cake!!
Very inspiring to see what you can do with all that free time not drinking. And good for you for pouring your wine into the toilet. Keep up the good work! IWNDWYT
Wow just loved your post this morning. I'm up early before the family; enjoying the quiet. Also taking stock of my 27 days of sobriety. I've been reflecting on the good things that have come about and as I approach the first 30 days wondering what the next 30 will bring. I'm loving my sober life even during the tough parts.   and    keep on being sober and awesome!
wow that all sounds so positive. and I love all the stuff you are doing for yourself! you should do it. nothing wrong with taking care of yourself..silly question - how are you learning to do the splits? youtube videos? or just stretching your legs and that will one day allow you do to the splits?
Wow!  That's a lot of positive changes!  Congratulations to you! In the time I've been sober...which is more than the 22 days I have now because of some relapses...I've lost nearly 20 pounds gone back to running and have been working on my doctoral dissertation! Alcohol holds us back!  I will not relapse this time! 
It's nice to see you remembered what you're doing not drinking unicorn!  I was relieved for you by the end of your post sounds like you've got a nice mindset and ducks in rows   lovely!  It's your one life right!  Thank you for sharing this post with us I really like it.  I will not drink with you today 
