-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85b5ol/back_at_it/

I had a successful sober February and was feeling great! On March 1st I went to poker night and managed to have just a couple glasses of wine the whole night. Wow! I'm in control...Nope. By the weekend I was exactly back in my comfort zone taking shots behind the bar going out after we closed the place waking up too miserable to get anything done falling behind on my study schedule. I missed a lab had to scramble to make an excuse to make it up. Thankfully I've been such a diligent student in that lab so far (surprise the semester started in February) that faking sick was believable otherwise they wouldn't have let me make it up at all. I also didn't exercise ate badly too a bunch of expensive cars...the whole nine yards...It took two weekends of that (plus a bonus Tuesday night  ) for me to realize that whatever my hesitation about labeling what I am in my relationship to alcohol (can't bring myself to try on that identity just yet) I can't drink if I want to accomplish the goals that are so important to me. Or at least not when I have anything important (or just anything) to do the next day. ..So I went to an AA meeting yesterday. I just wanted to see what the deal was I guess. I thought maybe I could just slip in unnoticed but it was a round table kind of set up. I couldn't bring myself to share or get involved. I feel overwhelmed by where to start. As I said above I'm not ready to label myself or identify as an alcoholic. But listening to the people there share what they were thinking about got me through a St. Paddy's day behind the bar and I'm thinking about them again today...Anyway sorry for the long ramble. Feels good to type it out. Whatever else I'm struggling to accept at least I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

We can call ourselves whatever we want to describe an unhealthy relationship to alcohol.  I choose not to label myself as an alcoholic while fully accepting that i cannot drink. The DSM diagnosis I have is Alcohol Use Disorder Severe and that was made by a psychologist.  Best of luck to you. .IWNDWYT.
Good job going to that meeting.  ..I will not drink with you today.
I will not drink with you today.  Alcoholic' is not a helpful label IMO Alcohol is poison to me and it sounds like it is for you too. Let's not drink it together today 
I understand your hesitation with the term.  I don't like it either.  But in any case heavy drinking is bad for us just like eating too much junk food is or driving too fast or any other destructive behavior.  And we all just need to be good to ourselves.  Therefore IWNDWYT
