-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85bv6u/chronic_relapse/

Long-time lurker first time poster. I'm back on Day 2. I had nearly 6 months sober before Thanksgiving. After I relapsed it's been super difficult to stay sober. I've quit a 100 times and gotten as far as 27 days. What worked before was A.A. and really being in the middle of it. I'm having a difficult time reconnecting - it's me not them. I was doing so well and I became such an improved version of myself in such a short amount of time. It's bizarre how difficult it is to get back to that spot and insane how easy it is to drink given all the tiny and not so tiny consequences.  After only a few days sober I'll begin to feel better and yet I keep going back to drinking. I am stuck and I am scared. This sub seems to help so many folks so I'm trying something different and posting. Thanks for listening. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Keep at it.  I've got a spreadsheet that I'll probably post later that tracked every how much I drank every day since May 2014.  That's how long I've been seriously trying to quit.  If you keep at it it WILL stick one day.  This is the longest I've gone not drinking since I started that spreadsheet.  ..I do believe this time it's working and this site has a lot to do with it...I will not drink with you today.
Welcome! Stick with us I know you can do this. So glad you reached out. Why don't you grab a badge from the sidebar so you can see your progress? And join everyone for the Daily Check-In if you like. There are lots of resources here and lots of support and maybe talking with some of the AA-knowledgable people here could be a bridge back to what worked so well for you before. You're in the right place! I will not drink with you today. :-)
Come on in the water' s fine!    
      Keep at it! It's all about progress not perfection. Set yourself small goals to start look up in another 6 months and you WILL see what you have accomplished. .      .      I'm coming up on 6 months in 2 days. Things were going fine untill a few weeks ago then my world was turned upside down. People like to say it will get better before it gets worse. Sometimes that isn't the case. But what we CAN do is not fall apart when everything else around us is. .     .      You and I both know all too well what the drink does for us. Absolutely nothing at all. So here's a toast to you (Ice cold water) for stepping up to the plate. Be the amazing person you want to be for yourself and those around you. I will not drink with you today!
I was a chronic relapser for 2 and 1/2 years.  Never made it to two weeks.  I'm on my longest stretch of sobriety and what has helped me is to come to understand that I do not enjoy drinking anymore. Not just the after effects.  I don't enjoy it during the experience.  That being said it is hard work to change my mindset for years thinking it is the greatest thing ever.  But I don't want to drink now which I feel is a huge step.  Maybe write down exactly what was the reality of drinking last time.  Good luck to you!
