-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85ezgc/awkward_relapse/

There are a lot of things that drinking played a part in me losing. My marriage relationships with friends and family and making life at the job I already hate even worse. In 2016 I managed to get my shit together and stayed clean. I got my finances together. I started mending friendships. Well I had never felt that much stress I never felt so responsible. The past 6 months though is becoming a shit show of my own making. My habit resurfaced to weekend binging. Last Friday I texted someone who I worked with who was difficult to work for. I texted them to let them know I forgave them for what had been said over three years ago. The conversation was all text so hopefully they didn't know I was drunk(hiding one's habit is a warning sign). The conversation went...well considering. We ended the conversation wishing each other the best in our prospective paths. Im disappointed that it took a fifth of whiskey to get me to do that. Why I choose to ruminate on my past instead of moving forward is beyond me. I don't want to turn back into the lowlife I was and that makes me scared. Maybe I'm weak for being so tied to emotions. Maybe I'm weak for turning to drink to hide from them. All I want today is to no longer be weak. I hope I can find out where I'm going.
----------immediate responses--------

One of the worst things I did regarding drinking was beat myself up.  I was so harsh and critical of myself and it was torture.  When you say that you are weak it sounds harsh.  Be honest with yourself but remember to be gentle.  You can do this!  IWNDWYT
You're not weak. You like me are dealing with the most powerful thing known to humankind in the universe -- our brain. I don't know why the fuck mine brings up an old shitty memory or why it's so out of control most of the time. That is why things like religious texts exist. I'm not religious but I do enjoy reading into Buddhism. Meditation has helped immensely. We as human beings must train our mind for it is on fire most of the time and the training is water for this fire...The hardest thing for me is to be patient with my self and keep my head above my feet in today. ..I would suggest active steps to help train the mind and also active work to get whatever is being held onto out. I have the Refuge Recovery book and do its activities and have also done the steps of AA...
Alcohol is unforgiving addictive poison ... and my brain can't fight it off.  I'm sorry all this has happened to you! IWNDWYT
Go easy on yourself
