-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85ggre/landed_myself_in_the_hospital_again/

I have an alcohol problem and last night I blacked out and wouldn't wake up again in the bar. I'm so ashamed and embarrassed. I don't know how many people saw me I live in a big city and I'm worried a coworker from my new job may have seen me. I haven't heard anything from anyone but I'm dreading facing them tomorrow. Every time I go out drinking I black out and I can't remember anything the next day. I've lost almost all of my friends because of it and I feel so empty. My parents don't care about me as they're alcoholics themselves and haven't talked to me or asked me if I'm okay. I have no one to talk to about this and I just feel so alone. I'm scared I'm going to ruin everything in my life because of my addiction. I should be happy as I just graduated found a job I love and moved into my very own place. But her I am laying in bed crying all day because I'm a worthless idiot. Thanks for reading. ..Edit- I need to take my badge down. I relapsed 2 days after telling myself I was going to stop drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

It is a horrible out of control feeling. It is possible to stop if you want to. Is that what you think you want to do? 
I think AA will help a lot.  You'll meet people who are in the boat or a similar one anyways... the common denominator in our stories is wrecking our lives with alcohol and being here to take our lives back into our own two hands.  I know there's debate about AA but why not give it a chance in person meetings are strengthening.  People smarter and more capable than us who have already been where we are and pulled themselves out of it.  Good job on looking for help I wish you the best.  You'll be glad for doing this   I will not drink with you today
Brush yourself off and try another path. You have a family here that cares very much and will offer you the path to success. Keep your head up and put this behind you. Best of luck!
Welcome back.  It's good that you're okay.  No point beating yourself up about past choices.  Congrats on your decision to stop drinking. You can do this.  The sidebar is a good source of information ----&gt; ..If the idea of quitting forever seems to terrible why not try a mini goal?  I will not drink with you today.
When I used to come off a bender or just a hard night I would always be unpredictably emotional the following morning. ..Lazy and disgusted and angry and sad and sick and sad and fucking pissed at myself... ..Apparently alcohol really messes with brain chemistry and my 'come down' is/was always rough emotionally and physically. Lots of Water (*La Croix*) and walks in the fresh air helped me. 
I felt just like you when I quit drinking. I am so much happier now and you can be too. Since you say you don't have friends or family for emotional help you might think about reaching out to AA or some other program. Please keep coming back!
I would check out a few AA meetings in your area you'll definitely find people with similar experiences. I know I've had multiple experiences exactly like yours so you're certainly not alone.
[removed]
When I didn't know what to do AA helped me a ton. You definitely are not alone in this. When I sought out other people in real life that's when I started to feel hope and when everything changed for me. Glad you're here!
