-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85iu11/closure_happens_right_after_you_accept_the_fact/

I've been using the Calm app to meditate lately and this quote popped up after my last session. ..These words really resonated with me. I'm coming up on a month and still haven't really talked about my sobriety with my family. For so many reasons. ..Lately I've been thinking more and more about what that conversation might feel like. Still not eager to do it but it feels like more of a possibility. ..Then these words hit me. Boom. Just crystallized my struggle. ..A big part of that has been not wanting to give up the fantasy the easy fix my life-long go-to: avoidance and escape. But as long as I leave that door open it's harder to move on with the new life I'm trying to create for myself. ..Closure. That word feels so final and scary when my inner alcoholic is at the wheel. I picture myself desperately needing something and this huge steel door is closed and keeping me from it. ..But this quote is helping me see my situation in a different light. There's an open door and I'm standing in the doorway. My husband and kids are on one side. Behind me is nothing darkness. Shadows on the wall of the cave. ..Working on accepting and embracing that view. And being patient with myself but not in denial. IWNDWYT. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Your steel door metaphor resonates with me. It's all about the expectations we have for others. At my meeting the other day someone said  Expectations are just future resentments.  I feel like that's true. 
That is a great quote and like great quotes can be taken and used in so many ways.I take this and use it in my relationship with alcohol.The second I uttered " I'm  done" to my wife on the night I quit I had let go of the fantasy that I could ever be a moderate drinker.I talked to my wife and kids immediately because being a non drinker is now part of  my life.It was an absolute moment of clarity. IWNDWYT
Wow super profound share. I too hid my recovery for about a week (not as long as you). When I let it go and told my partner he was beyond supportive. I could then go into recovery with 100% of me and my effort. I then told a couple family members who were also supportive. Some did not even think I had a problem. ..I don't want to minimize the action of telling friends/family you trust. At the time when I told them it was a super nerve wracking and scary thing to do. ..But the best thing about doing this was the freedom and love I felt. ..You're doing the best thing you could ever do for yourself your partner your kids and your social circle. ..      
