-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85p2mb/90_days_had_to_tell_somebody/

First time posting but I've been lurking over the past 90 days and felt it was time to come out...This is my first "real" stint with sobriety. I've tried to control my drinking in the past mostly through harm reduction or moderation management which always failed (duh). 90 days ago I took drinking off the table entirely - and it's been both the easiest and the hardest thing I've ever done. And I'm so grateful to have found this group to remind me that I'm not alone...For me once I made the commitment quitting was easier than I expected. It's the learning to live sober that has been harder. While I've told some of my friends and family that I'm not drinking anymore I've been pretty vague about the reasons why - mainly saying that it's for health reasons I feel better not drinking etc. Those are all true reasons but they don't tell the true story of the struggle. And I guess I just wanted to share my 90 days milestone with some folks who do understand the struggle. Thank you to everyone here who share their stories and their struggles so openly and honestly - you've really been an inspiration to me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and congrats on those 90 days.  It really is the hardest and easiest thing.  Paradoxes abound.  IWNDWYT
Welcome /u/lynn801!                 .Bravo for 90 days! .I'm glad you're here! 
[removed]
Congrats! 90 days is awesome. 
Congrats on 90 days we wish many more!
I congratulate you on giving yourself 90 days of Freedom!  Great job my dear I'm proud of you.  I'm glad you told us  
Congratulations on 90 days!  It is a struggle but that makes the rewards of sobriety that much better. Keep up the good work!
Congrats! I got my 90 today! 
It's an uncomfortable situation  especially when for years the person they thought you were was a drinker.   Nobody wants to lose their drinking partner  but they come around quick.  And sometimes you just need to weed out those who don't respect your decision to be sober.   I find those who show the least respect show who they are as a person
I'm still just saying that I'm taking a break but hopefully soon it'll be easier. 90 days!!! So jealous. IWNDWYT!
90 days is awesome..your line about it being the easiest and hardest sure rings true :)
