-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85q44m/rethinking_my_plan_this_time/

So I slipped up. My friend had a wedding I was in and I decided it was a special occasion so drinks were okay. Well drinks continued to be okay up until last Thursday and the wedding was March 9th. I fell into the trap again hurt my family in the process by relapsing and even drove drunk. So I had some vacation time from work to get my head straight but it's soon time to go back. I haven't taken any steps other than tell my wife and mother that I know I have a problem and I want to stop. So my questions are... what steps or procedures work for you? I've heard from some people that AA and working the 12 steps is the only thing that can work. Is this true for you all? Maybe just finding a new hobby or interest can help me? What do you recommend and what works for you?
----------immediate responses--------

When I have the urge to drink I "play the tape forward" and get real with myself about how it's going to end. I have to say though that after reading "This Naked Mind" my urge to drink has been greatly diminished so I haven't struggled as much as I was fearing I would (so far). That book just totally flipped a switch for me. ..I've been to a SMART Recovery meeting and have a workbook. I listened to the podcast Recovery Elevator for the first time yesterday and it seems good so I think I'll check out more. But my main source of inspiration other than This Naked Mind is this sub. I check in here every day; everyone here is so amazing and open. I love this community. ..I've also been going on long walks almost every evening (almost 7 miles today). Being outside and exercising is really helping me to clear my head. I also drink a ton of La Croix and hot tea and indulge my sweet tooth when it strikes. 
There is definitely power in numbers so being an active member of one of the groups that are out here i think is key.  They provide resources with all these people making positive changes in their lives people who are smarter who have been here before.  It's always good to have helping hands along our way and accountability.  Google will present a variety of listings even for online groups look into your options and figure out what sounds good.  ..I use SD solely I'm active here and it's saved my ass.  .Welcome ask anything you like and check out our community info.  Good job on reaching out I wish you success and happy trails.  It feels good to get it all back under control again.  Really good.  ..Edit: letters
For me taking the big step of engaging a counselor -- calling up and making an appointment--made things start to get real. It was a first small step. I learned that a small step leads to another. I couldn't stop drinking forever just for one day or one moment. That one day would make it possible for me to make a similar decision the next day. And so one. ..As well I lurked on this sub tried and slipped and kept trying. Joined the conversation here. This sub was extremely helpful to me and a part of my day. ..Didn't do AA but accepted that I would despite my earlier resistance. Breaking down my resistance about what I was *not* willing to do was helpful. I also focused on external goals that I wanted to be able to pursue and built up a bag of tricks to help me in the moments of craving. Drank a lot of tea always. ..
