-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85qid0/i_need_to_vent/

Excuse me while I rant a little.  A little wordy here but need to get it off my chest.  ..Tonight I went out with a friend that I grew up with to this little bar to play some pool.  He had a girl with him and I had a girl friend of mine meet us up there.  I felt a little uncomfortable going just because well you know there is alcohol there.  I'm a single 27 year old guy and unfortunately a lot of socialization with people my age is done with alcohol being present.  Going into it though I was focused and just knew I had no desire to drink.  Honestly didn't want to at all and didn't even feel tempted which was pretty cool.  We just hung out for a little while they all had a few drinks and I just sipped water. No big deal.  I still kind of feel anxious and awkward in situations like this because 1.) There is alcohol there and I'm basically a fish out of water because everyone else is drinking (really being at a bar where everyone else is drinking and you're not is pretty boring).  2.) The thought of someone asking why aren't you drinking and me having to answer still makes me feel antsy.  Now I've been mentally preparing myself for days like today because it's just bound to happen.  I mean the stuff is every where. It is as easy as just saying  I don't drink .  A lot of the time people even respond with  That's awesome  or  Good for you . That's usually where it ends.  My friend that met me had to work early in the morning so she went her way and I rode back with my buddy and the girl he was with.  On the ride home they were asking where she went and I told them how she had to work in the morning.  Mind you this is the first time I had ever met this girl my buddy was with.  She asked oh do you have to work early and I said no.  She commented pretty sarcastically and snarky  Just figured you did since you just sipped water all night.   The tone that she said it in just really rubbed me the wrong way.  I have been a little irritable here lately.  Not sure if it's like my pink cloud fading away my completely terrible sleep schedule I have with school and work or a combination of the two.  It was probably just me over reacting a bit and getting bent out of shape for nothing.  I didn't really even reply just kind of played it off like it didn't bother me.  My buddy even kind of jumped in and had my back cracking a joke of why I wasn't drinking.  It did tick me off on the inside though.  I wish it didn't but it did.  ..For people like that I tell myself that I don't need to explain myself because they won't even begin to scratch the surface of understanding what it is like to struggle with this the way that I do.  Like trust me you don't want to open that can of worms.  The other thing that I tell myself is if someone wants to dig in a negative way think that you're weird or give you shit for it that is not someone that even deserves my time of day.  That is not someone I need.  That person actually may even need to look into their drinking habits.  Struggling with this and the multiple times of stringing a few sober days together and failing again and seeing others do the same has really opened my eyes to the fact that everybody has a story.  You don't know what someone may be going through or dealing with.  I try to do my best to think this way...I'm at 58 days and I'm giving this a real good go this time by doing some things differently.  Obviously what I was doing wasn't working.  I know I can't do it by myself.  I found this subreddit and I love it. It is a safe place I can access at anytime anywhere.  I've been going to a few AA meetings a week.  I hated the thought of going to AA.  Turns out I actually enjoy it and feel better when I go.  Went to a counselor one on one for a couple months who even offers a group once a week.  By going to these meetings I've acquired myself a temporary sponsor and have officially started doing some step work. I've been really working on praying.  It can be as simple as asking to keep you sober today and thanking him at night for keeping you sober.  I have met some people that I've literally only said a few words to but I know by the look in their eyes that they really care about me and are there to help.  I just have to let them.  I'm to the point of letting go of my ego shutting up listening and allowing someone to help me.  I'm getting closer to being sober for the longest stretch of time in the past 11-12 years.  I'm beginning to enter into uncharted territory.  It is all a pretty fascinating experience. I'm excited for the light at the end of my tunnel to continue getting brighter...If you've stuck around this long and are still reading thank you.  I don't feel like I'm in much of a position to really offer a whole lot of advice but I will say take it one day one hour or even one minute at a time if you have to.  I've started over too many times and don't want to again.  Stay focused and just try and do the next right thing.  Thanks for listening. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You might find that sort of heightened sensitivity to what others think or say ebbing with time. When "I don't drink" becomes a simple statement of fact and not a personal political stance if that makes sense. 
&gt;That person actually may even need to look into their drinking habits...Yep...&gt;I'm at 58 days and I'm giving this a real good go this time by doing some things differently. Obviously what I was doing wasn't working...I love this and especially all of the things you are actively engaged in to ensure sobriety. You're clearly on the right path. Thanks so much for sharing and good on you for staying vigilant and "doing the next right thing" :)...
I'm at a similar point in this journey as you and I completely relate to your post still trying to work out when people upset me whether it's their problem or if I'm just sensitive. Guess it takes time we can do this
You are so right about sometimes having to break it down to hours or minutes or even moments at a time. After  20 years drinking I made it to seven years sober on Feb 18 and though I now have a lot of gated fences between me and the first drink I'll never forget that first hundred days. There were times that all I could do was put one foot in front of the other and try to breathe..Congratulations on getting here today. It's a great achievement..For me finding a God of my own understanding was the beginning of realising my life could be great and that I didn't have to be ruled by that evil fuck inside me that wants nothing more than my misery and death through the mouth of a bottle..I'm so glad you not drink with you today.
&gt;if someone wants to dig in a negative way think that you're weird or give you shit for it that is not someone that even deserves my time of day. That is not someone I need...Wisdom!..Congratulations on your 2 Months!!
This is one of many reasons that I avoid bars. Yes there are other activities there but they're a drinking venue first and foremost. I really can't stand being interrogated or second guessed about this decision. 
Oh fuck her! I liked what you said about praying. One of my guy sponsors in Coronado took my hand one day and pulled me down onto my knees with him. He said  This is very humbling to pray on ones knees.  He said  It will *downsize* you &amp; you need that. I want you to do this every day at home. Pray for help strength and direction.  We were *in* the fucking Alano Club when he did this!!! I cried like the little girl I am. But if I feel myself getting too big minded I hit my knees to get over myself. I truly wish you smooth sober sailing.
Great post - thank you
People are insecure AF. I used to get mad when people wouldn't drink and it was because I wanted to drink more and not be the only one or be judged #ihadaproblem ..I'm finding my pink cloud is going away.. but I'm thinking it comes in waves. This past week has been so emotional and hard for me so I'm trying my best to be a hermit and only socialize with the friends who really get it!..Keep kicking ass! 
You mentioned that at your age socializing involves booze. I'm 48 and at my age socializing still means booze for the majority of people.  Although I'm only on day one I'm slowly realizing that there are lots of people who don't drink or only have one drink when out for dinner. I think I gravitated towards other drinkers when I was young because like attracts like. Most of my sister's friends are not big drinkers and I never noticed that they would only have one drink to my 5 (or six seven eight). I think that people who don't drink or who drink very little are the people who have done a lot of personal work and were lucky enough to sort their shit out before self-medicating with alcohol. Of course there are the very lucky few who simply didn't have shit to sort through! I'm working on my own issues now but I do know that I can never go back to drinking. IWNDWYT. P.S. I've started telling my oldest friends that I'm an alcoholic and sadly a lot of them admit that they are too. These were the 'fun' popular kids when we were young.
Okay nontypical response as I got two personalities as tje one writing is not the one with the issue (just sitting out a withdrawl because it's easier). Now you sound a lot like the other me... minus the degree of psych issues and I found myself nodding along. Sounds like a situation he'd get in and it'd irk him. I tell him I love him cheer him up yadda bla. If this all sounds a bit weird don't worry it's weird living with an alternate personality who has a booze problem when you don't. But it does provide insight: the worry over social norms...See I'm a bitch on or off booze. You tell me smth like that I double down with more snideness. Will just keep hitting back till they realize no answer's coming. Play stupid games win stupid prizes. But then I also don't care how I am percieved. I care how others are. I make you look stupid it does not matter how stupid I look - you still got the short stick in context...Other-me... does not like to insult or play stupid games and gets defensive. The whole thing feels like a personal attack which obv it is. From that perspective the best response is still to play it off as a joke... but backed with the certainty you know yourself. All that mental preparing you describe makes it obvious you don't. There's a ton of uncertainty there over how you'll react. Just keep going through life practicing figuring out who you are and it'll fade in time. Quite often thinking less is more. Sound absurd? Sure! But what if you went into that situation with no forethought? Do you know how you would have reacted? If not you don't know yourself only the script you are developing. Toss the script. Say the stupidest things. Make the mistakes. Preferably not with ppl who you will ever see again. Get to really know who you are and all the worry won't be necessary. Even better: you'll rant about this kinda shit and forget it 5 minutes later rather than having it weigh on your mind. ..You say somewhere: it's probably just you overreacting...I ask: who the fuck gives? You shouldn't. Done is done. ..What you should be considering is: what compells you to mull over such small a detail so? Ofc I said why above but you get the idea: examine behaviors you are curious about through the lens of who you are not how you'd like to act. 
