-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85sfp8/howwhen_do_you_get_excited_about_being_sober/

Hi all. I've just turned 30 and made the decision to stop drinking and spend my 30s and beyond happier and healthier. I'm just struggling right now with getting excited or happy or proud about quitting drinking. I know for a fact I will be healthier less depressed saving more money setting an example for my son a better wife family member and friend I'll be able to focus more on my work and school. I know all of this consciously but I'm still sort of stuck on grieving the fact that I can't socially drink like  normal  people. I'm mourning the loss of that glass of wine at the end of a hard day the martini after dinner with my mother in law. I never thought quitting drinking would be like losing a loved one and I feel so ridiculous saying that...So my question to this community I've been lurking in and have found amazing: Was there a certain amount of sober time you had under your belt that you finally got happy and excited about your sobriety? Or something you found helped you to get there? I need some motivation and something to lift me out of this depression about a thing I should by all rights be proud of...Thanks guys. I will not drink with you today :)
----------immediate responses--------

The grief is *totally* normal and for me it was important to just feel those feelings. Drinking was my closest friend my most reliable coping mechanism and my only hobby. When it was gone I most definitely had to grieve...I'd say that by about 60 days or so I was really starting to understand that things were getting much much better. (Not perfect! Not rainbow farts and magical thinking but just more even and calm). I didn't feel that acute absence anymore; I felt that I was gaining a lot. Understanding the neurology of recovery was hugely helpful. My brain was changing and I could feel that happening. I still do! It's pretty fantastic. ..It took me time to feel proud. Whenever I hit a round number (like today!) I get a new dose of pride. You do deserve to be proud but we as alcoholics have a whole hell of a lot of repressed shit to get through before the sun finally feels like it's shining down on us.
So far I'm most excited when I wake up in the morning and I am not hung over (or even groggy from booze).  I'm not thrilled to have to get up and start my day because hell who wouldn't want a few more ZZZZs?  But I am THRILLED to wake up and be clear headed enough to have a normal productive day.  I was really truly 'phoning it in' when drinking.  ..I'm still riding this thing out to see how the rest of sobriety pans out for me.  But so far so good.  Good luck to you!
You're pretty early into sobriety I know when I started out I remembered to be patient trust the healing process and do what was in my power to help it along.  ..Part of that is letting go of romanticizing wine like its Fabio coming to make the evenings wonderful and candle flames burn brighter because then it does take longer to let go of.  I like to pull out a post that an SD member made after her first year because it shows trust and [allowing time](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83f3rv/if_you_are_waiting_for_your_undeniably_magic/?st=JEZOADA1&amp;sh=03688a42) for sobriety to grow on us.  ..I hope this helps congratulations on two weeks!  I know how much effort it takes to get there   iwndwyt 
I got sober last August.  Each additional month was SUPER satisfying to say but I would say the real pleasure came in December.  That is when I started running again.  Before I started running I was doing other exercises and I had challenges and goals (100 push-ups a day).  But running has been incredibly productive to my sobriety.  My health is what keeps me going.  I have been transforming into someone I have wanted to be since I was in my early twenties. I will be thirty soon and I when I'm in my forties I want people to say "damn you look good for your age"
This Naked Mind really helped me with FOMO. She proposed an interesting theory that fun events that are  enhanced  by alcohol would actually be fun regardless of whether or not alcohol was present. ..It was really put to the test with my girls nights and you know what? It's held up. ..Easy Way does the same thing I just like how This Naked Mind says things. Just keep in mind there are others not drinking you'll start to find them. Also IWNDWYT :) ...
Honestly for me the feeling of "loss" of drinking comes and goes. But so too does my excitement and invigoration about sobriety. I can equally be sad about the fact that I will never have beers on that patio with my wife in the summer and then the next moment incredibly excited to experience this sober. I think one of the things that has kept me excited and engaged in sobriety is thinking that life is limitless there are so many new experiences and now I will be there present and fully aware of all of life's nuances. Just the other day I woke up super excited that fishing season will be here soon. I am excited to wake up before everyone else and head out to the lake and enjoy some peace and solitude without having to shake off my groggy hangover malaise. I am excited that this will actually happen and I wont have to worry about deciding not to go because I stayed up too late drinking the night before...I think for most people the excitement about sobriety really depends on what you are passionate about and what you would like to achieve and how the absence of alcohol puts you closer to achieving a goal.
I keep a gratitude journal! It helps me remind myself of all the amazing things I have now or had while drinking and took for granted. I try write in my journal in the morning before anything else to start my day off in a positive headspace. It helps a lot and I find myself coming back to it later during the day when things get stressful to reflect on how much better my life has gotten since quitting drinking.
I now enjoy telling people I don't drink any more! I like their reactions -  Why???' I think I enjoy saying it because I know it's true now and I don't drink any more. 
