-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85t5h1/my_unconscious_mind_is_pushing_me_away_from/

I'd really like some advice on this because after trying my hardest to be sober since the start of January I've failed multiple times and every time is because of a kind of weird unconscious social isolation...The reason I thought I'd be able to quit drinking is I realised I was perfectly able to chat to people "normally" in the week when I wasn't drinking (I've never been a day drinker - I'm a weekend binger). I could chat to work colleagues whilst sober and go to band practice whilst sober so what made the pub at the weekend any different? Yeah I'd sometimes feel a bit anxious (particularly in noisy places) but I could actually deal with it. I went to the pub a few times without drinking and was completely fine. I went to a birthday event where everyone else was drinking and I was fine. I honestly thought I'd nailed it. I didn't need alcohol to socialise right? Problem solved...Well no. I started to notice that something weird was happening deep down in my mind. I was starting to feel distant from everyone. I stopped wanting to speak to people. This started to happen in the week when I would otherwise have been fine. It wasn't because I felt anxious... I just didn't want to speak to people. I didn't feel close to any of my friends or colleagues...I actually started to feel like they weren't *really* my friends. I felt like some sort of social impostor. I'd somehow convinced myself that I had actual friendships when all people were doing was just tolerating me. ..Where the hell was this coming from? I was fine when sober in the week before! Somehow stopping drinking at the weekend was deeply impacting how I saw people in general even at times when I wouldn't have been drinking...I started to realise that this negative voice had been in me ever since my teenage years (I was a miserable teenager and very lonely at school) despite being a hell of a lot more socially confident now than I was back then. I'd been building up my social skills and confidence all my adult life but I'd never managed to quieten that voice telling me I was a social impostor and would always be alone. It started to feel like a performance...It was almost like I was watching myself talk to people with disdain. "Hey look at this guy chatting and laughing like a normal person. Who does he think he's kidding? Everyone knows it's an act. What a loser". ..It became very apparent that I'd been systematically quieting this voice at the weekend for years and years with alcohol rather than actually dealing with it. Allowing myself to have some non-paranoid social time at the weekends was kind of like a plaster on the wound that would allow me to feel somewhat "normal" in the week. Taking away that plaster let the horrible voice run rampant...This is freaking me out. I *want* to enjoy time with friends. I *want* to feel close to them. But how they hell am I supposed to do that when my own mind is doing this to me? This has seriously been getting me down. Being depressed on top of struggling with drinking is the last thing I need right now...I see so many posts on here from people who are successfully sober but who have close friends or decent social support networks. I know rationally that I have many friends but it just doesn't *feel* like it when I'm sober. ..And yeah I've been going to therapy for more than a year now. It's helped a little bit but clearly not enough. 
----------immediate responses--------

I understand impostor syndrome all too well. I've found that meditation has helped with my anxiety in general which includes social anxiety. In anxious moments I remind myself that while my feelings are real they are not necessarily reality. My doctor also taught me an exercise where I consider the evidence when feeling anxious or overwhelmed. For example if I think "so-and-so doesn't really like me" I have to establish concrete examples to prove this thought. More often than not there is no evidence to prove my brain's anxious ideas. I hope that helps.
Our minds can be our worst enemies.  But you're are learning about these social settings and interactions in a new way a sober way.  There are going to be confusing frustrating thoughts along the way.  Most of these negative thoughts and feelings are short-term.  Are you happy with yourself otherwise I mean when you are not hanging out with friends?
Well are you putting on an act? Did you become someone else that wasn't you to obtain friends?..I noticed that I was constantly putting on an act. I would do this in friendships intimate relationships and even professional relationships. In order to stay sober I had to adopt a single "story". I had to start behaving as myself always. I had to not change my character for situations or people. My character had to become my rock that translated through space and time not the other way around.
One thing I read about on this sub was about imposter phenomenon.  I found that very interesting and I imagine to some extent many people have felt this at some point in their lives or can relate to it.  Not saying you have it but I think that it's not an uncommon human experience.  I have always struggled with being a mix of introvert/extrovert.  It's not easy.  As you say at work I strike a pretty good balance.  Socially I struggle a little.  I think I want to be friendly but I'm actually pretty quiet by nature.  I hope this is just a blip for you and you are feeling better asap.
Dropping alcohol is a big change and its no surprise that you are finding yourself reevaluating friendships and social interactions as a result. ..I too was a miserable teenager I am not very good a socializing and used alcohol for a long time to give me confidence or to be able to tolerate talking to others. I felt isolated while drinking but I was less aware of it because I was drunk. Honestly sometimes I used alcohol because it helped dumb me down and made me okay with talking to other people about mundane shit I didn't care about for the sake of "fitting in."..What I have realized is that a lot of the people I associated with while I was drinking were not particularly interesting or stimulating people. ..I too often feel that social isolation. Like people don't "get" me. What I have had to do is the uncomfortable work of seeking out other people who I feel are have similar interests that I find interesting or admirable and those end up being the most satisfying human interactions. The people I actually interact with best are generally much older than me. I'm in my early 30s and those that I consider closest to me are in their 50s. In doing this I have had more fulfilling human interactions over a cup of coffee at a coffee shop or over a sandwich at a diner than I ever had with some others over many many beers. ..I get the sense that you are not a social imposter but that you may be feeling distant from your friends because your realizing that your priorities are not in line with theirs any longer. Its an uncomfortable situation to find yourself in. Work at firmly establishing your sober identity identify what you are looking for in social interactions and then find ways to realize that desire by forming social relationships with individuals who may help fill that gap.
I get feelings like this too I generally just react like this ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Mc4iaN-_RQ..as far as the "putting on an act" thing I consider that normal human behavior to an extent we are who we need to be at any given moment to survive and thrive...Work me is not home me..Home me is not family me..family me is not friend me..but the only me I need to get rid of is drunk me..all of the mes are just different versions of me I adapt 
Thanx for your share a.   i can sure identify with what you are saying and i think that there is an excellent complement of responses by others here that identify.  i just wanted to say that i certainly have struggled with the same issues.  i thought that my life was going pretty well up until i started kindergarden.  i remember that my dad dropped me off the first day and i was so scared that i went into the cloak room and cried.  so being uncomfortable around others goes way back for me.  i remember going to meetings when i had gotten out of meetings and if i was with a small number of people talking i quickly felt the need to get away....  i didn't really have any interest in what the people were talking about i felt awkward and less than and there was like a tractor beam on me to get away.  whether it was one on one or several people talking  it made me uncomfortable.  At times if i was treated more special i was ok.  i almost needed to be treated special just to eliminate the urge to not be with other people.  i remember where i felt betrayed when i was very young and how shaming and hurtful that was and i never wanted to get in a situation where i could be hurt like that again.  The struggle continues and i don't have any insightful suggestions.  It is no doubt a complex defect in my nature.  I think that part of it is kind of a shame based sense that if you really knew me  you would not like me.   It is a big disability to my recovery.  If i can not ask for help that's a problem.  If i just have my own thinking that's  a problem.  Loneliness and isolation is the nature of addiction to me and it wears on me and it matters.  I don't much like people but i need others to help me in recovery.  thanx again for sharing.  
