-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85xca8/i_really_really_want_to_drink/

My 8 year old daughter has completely worked my last fucking nerve. All I can think about is today is the one month day of my moms death and my husband came home with beers for him. I am struggling right now. I really really don't want to drink but really really want one to take take the edge off. All I want to do is call my mom too which fucking sucks. Thanks for reading and pray I don't drink  
----------immediate responses--------

I do too. I'll stay sober with you for the next 24...Also I'm very sorry for the loss of your mom. 
I admire your strength staying sober while dealing with your mothers death. It's something I couldn't even imagine dealing with. ..In honor of that IWNDWYT
I know one wouldn't take the edge off. I'd drink whatever was there and then what would I be satisfied or need more? Then I'd wake up feeling like shit. Possibly get off work tomorrow and get more because "fuck it I already drank yesterday and a few beers would cure the hangover". It's just not worth it. When I'm really feeling the craving like you are I like to get the fuck out of the house and go for a nice long walk. I'll get home hungry and eat. By the time I'm done eating that craving is long gone. The key is to identify what's causing the craving and addressing it. HALT (Hungry Angry Lonely and/or Tired) helps with that. Stay strong and remember why you quit in the first place.
Breath deep come back often and know in your heart you are doing the right thing by not drinking.  I am so sorry to hear of your mother's passing.  
 Sometimes you wanna drink about somebody but that ain't gonna bring em back 
Hey my 5 year old was a total hag tonight too. I will not drink with you tonight...
I too have struggled since my mum passed away last October and my drinking just got worse and worse after that until I had to do something about it before it took my life.  I know it's hard but drinking doesn't make things any better.  You can do this you have made 21 days so far which is awesome.  We are all here for you.  I will not drink with you today :)
You got this distract yourself minute by minute. Write in s journal keep moving go for a walk. Maybe try to get to sleep early to just avoid this bad mood tonight. You got this we believe in you! 
When my mom passed away is when drinking started being problematic for me. I feel you it's so so so very difficult. But the days I drank away my grief were the days that I felt the worst. I missed her more and became more unstable depressed and anxious with every sip. Whatever relief you get from a drink you will have to pay back tomorrow 10 fold. I believe in you. IWNDWYT.
i'm sorry OP that totally sucks big time.  unfortunetly drinking will make your pain worse - if you're anything like me.  If you can make it through tonight I am confident that you will be able to make the next 3 weeks.  If you can put 6 weeks under your belt i'm pretty sure you can do 6 months.  Being sober for 6 months might be something really dope you could do for yourself family and mother.  
A drink will not make any of this feel better my friend please don't let this disease trick you into thinking that it will. A beer doesn't "take the edge off" for an alcoholic...what it does is ties us to the tracks so the cycle of active alcoholism can start again...then we lie in wait for that train to come. .My kid has pissed me off and so has my husband - but we don't drink over it today. I feel for your loss I've lost a parent too and it sucks. It won't always be like this. Just don't drink today and it won't be worse xoxo
I am praying for you.
Please don't.  We know it's hard but you will be so glad that you did not tomorrow.  Sometimes it feels like it would be a good decision and you might feel better for a short time but the depression will be worse tomorrow.  Stay strong and hopefully your SO will support you.  You can do this.  
My daughter is 8 going on 18. SO much DRAMA and eyerolling and "moooommmmmm stoooopppppp." I remind myself that I'm going sober *for her.* She deserves to see me frustrated and at my wits end not lubricating myself with booze so I can tolerate her tantrums. ..I don't know what part of the world you are in but the stores close here on the east coast in 20 minutes. IWNDWYT. You've got this. 
If you drink tonight you will more than likely regret it. Even if nothing bad happens you'll regret blowing your streak. I guarantee you this: if you don't drink tonight you will not regret it tomorrow. I have regretted drinking SO many times but I've never regretted not drinking. 
Don't use your daughter as an excuse to drink. We all have bad days kids included. Deep breaths and remember that she is watching your reaction to stress. Be your best you for just a few more hours tonight. You've got this...
Beautiful internet strangers I love you so much. I can't even begin to thank you all for your support. I have never reached out for help with my drinking and this sub the words from everyone helped me so very much! I walked away told my husband to throw out the beer did some yoga and ate some greasy fast food. I am so happy to say I did not drink. There is something about it this time that feels real and I can't mess that up. Thank you all again for all the kind words! Looking forward to day 22  
When I'm irritated and craving doing something with water always makes me feel better - drinking it washing my face taking a shower...If you're in the lower 48 then you can go to bed!..I had a shitty day too. ..IWNDWYT!
Drinking will only make you feel worse. That's the way it plays out for me. I haven't woken up yet and wished I drank last night but the opposite is always true.
I had the WORST craving  today I've had in months. I thought I was going to cave in. I'm happy that both of us won today!  IWNDWYT 
I was still drinking when my mom died. I drank a lot to cope it didn't help. I'm 2.5 years out from that loss now and I regret drinking to numb myself. The grief moreso than the alcohol played a huge part in my inability to control my (im)patience and anger response. It's a rough road dealing with such a personal loss but it gets less difficult with time...Iwndwyt. 
I wish you the best. Everyone on here says the drinking will be fun for a couple hours and then tomorrow will be full of regrets and probably leave you more depressed.
So sorry you're having a rough day. And my most sincere condolences about the loss of your mom. Wishing you the very best and sending you interet space love your way. Be well good luck &amp; I will not drink with you tonight. Sober on!
Sending you all the good vibes in the universe. It's hard. It's even harder on hard days. In my experience the only healthy way to end bad days is to go to bed early. Or if I can't sleep  I read a comforting book or story and and lose myself in someone else's life for a little while. I had several moments today with my daughter being frustrating where I really really wanted a drink. I empathize and IWNDWYT.
[removed]
You've got this - iwndwyt!  
[removed]
So glad you didnt drink today.  My son is 11 and is just like Iwas at that age a total spaz. He tests my patience daily. It will get easier just hang on. 
I'm really really sorry for what you are going through right now. You are so not alone. Stay strong! Watch a movie have a bath take deep breaths. This too shall pass.
Kids....Stay strong. It is never just one. That is the problem.
Last night my kids acted terribly.  I wanted a drink too.  Instead I said I will address their behavior head on.  Having a drink isn't going to make them act better.  It may make me notice it less for one evening but then I will just be dealing with them and a hangover tomorrow.  We can do this.
Glad to hear you didn't give in. You will now be stronger next time!!
As time goes on your 8 year old will not be able to work over your last nerve so quickly because your sober mind will have so much more patience!  ..You can do this. You are a warrior! Deep breath. One thing at a time...I will not drink with you today?
 Go on have a drink you know it'll make you a better mum' said no-one ever!. I really do feel for you not having your mum to talk to and totally get how our kids as much as we love  em completely mess with our sanity but I'm so pleased coming here helped you - it always helps me even to just read here when I'm feeling a bit lost and alone. You really are stronger than you know and a great role model for your daughter. I think I need to learn from you and try some yoga. Big hugs and I will join you in not drinking today xx
One thing I learned in therapy was to ask yourself..... do I want to drink or do I want out of the feelings I'm currently having? ..We're alcoholics so our natural inclination when we want out of a certain feeling is to think of a drink.  If you can look at it in the context of  I don't like the feelings I'm having right now. What can I do to change that without drinking? ..Getting out of that moment where the drink is the thought is the key. It's okay to feel stressed sad uncomfortable etc;
I have empathy.  My 15 year old step daughter snapped my last string of sanity last night.  I mediated rather than drank.  ..I hope you made it through the day.  ..Love and support to you.
Nothing you'll find in a beer that you can't find already in yourself you can overcome the stress yourself if you stay strong and stay positive. Drinking will help you forget about your stress and sadness for now but trust me it will come back stronger if you do drink. Take care of yourself! I will not drink with you today!
Take care of yourself. Feel the feelings. Don't numb them. You got this. One day at a time. Go to a meeting.
I definitely understand the deep urge to drink feelings away but particularly about your mother - I'm certain that she will be happier wherever she may be that you did not harm yourself and your liver due to you grief and sadness. ..Once you get past this kind of intense craving you're stronger for the next time and you've already proven to yourself how strong you can be. ..I will not drink with you today! 
Drinking always made my problems worse never better.  Stay strong.  Sending you love and support!
Thanks for sharing and for not drinking! You have inspired many and hopefully inspired and proved something to yourself too. 
