-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85y0jh/please_help_tired_of_struggling/

I'm 26 and I've been struggling pretty bad with alcohol. I've been trying to quit for over a year but I find I continue to drink even though I don't want to. I feel like I'm in a cycle of telling myself I'll stop but then drinking again and hating myself for it and then the cycle continues. I also was taking some pain meds and sleeping pills in this past year. Something inside of me is very broken and in pain and I feel like I need to have some kind of drug to feel good. I don't know where my brokenness is coming from. There were many times I bet when I could've died from combining the drugs but I'm still here. Sometimes I feel like instead of killing myself abruptly I'm killing myself slowly. I want to be happy but I've been struggling with depression since I was 21 and things have not gotten much better....I'm starting to really worry that things will only get worse for me and I don't really know where to turn. My family/friends don't struggle with addiction issues. I don't know how to get help. I should probably try an AA meeting. I'm just scared to go. 
----------immediate responses--------

 Do you have a physician that you could go see? They will help give you a few options. 
Lostchika-. You have a few things happening here and it is not your fault. FIrst you are suffering from depression you can not talk yourself out of it  shake it or cure it.  Its chemical imbalance in your brain - and you must treat that first....if u do the other stuff will be manageable. You MUST take first steps and see a good doctor who can help....you are self medicating because of the imbalance and that is the alcohol and drugs. .You deserve to be happy you deserve a good life and you deserve to be free from depression and addiction. Your life can be amazing!!!!! BUT you mist get help and get on medication to help w the depression.   The part of your brain that is addicted to drug and alcohol will talk u out of this---because  it may mean an end to drinking and drugs. .You are too young to be suffering like this and you deserve more-----we are here for you . .I Will not drink with you tonight.       
I have been there before slowly and knowingly killing myself for years with abuse of drugs and alcohol. But I needed help to do and I needed professional help. I needed to be totally honest with my doctor about what I was putting myself through the amounts I was ingesting each day and so on. Sounds like you want this but it will take work on your part and a lot of honesty to yourself as well. This site is a great place to keep connected daily. My doctor really helped me as did this site and some AA. I am 80 days in more than I have ever been in almost 40 years I wasted a good part of 35 years drinking and drugging now I can't imagine going back but all I have is today to make that choice. You have the same choices I hope you make a good one. I wish you well and reach out anytime you need to we are all here to help and support each other on this journey. No drinking with you today. Peace
I agree. U cannot keep on feeling like this! You need a "medication checkup". Also the mix of all the stuff is fucking with your brain chemicals. We all react different to stuff. .Think back to a time when tou were happy...you can feel like that again  .Please keep me posted and go to the  doctor TOMORROW!  .    
Trust is worth waiting for! I have been there- my sister struggles w depression and medications that once worked sometimes do not. Its something w our brain chemistry. .IWNDWYT! 
i'm honestly in the same boat and today is my first day on here too. i'm struggling with the same exact thing &amp; im 26 too. I wish the best for you and hope we both find something good out of this on here 
I'm already super worried about this appointment! Ahhh Can't stop thinking about it.
And thank you everyone for all your help and encouragement! It helps me not feel so alone in my struggle.
