-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85ysg9/brain_recovery_questionshelp/

I know this depends highly on the individual but I was wondering when ya'll started experiencing higher cognitive function improved memory and recall improved comprehension ability? Attentiveness?..At 70 days this is the longest I've been COMPLETELY sober in the last 12 years I think. I'm a little surprised that I still feel foggy and have trouble articulating my thoughts into words especially verbally. Has anyone else been struggling with that at this stage? A part of me worries this could be permanent damage because of the alcohol/drug abuse throughout my developing years...Also I've always had vivid intense dreams throughout my life but haven't been experiencing that at all in the last few months. So even before I quit drinking but I was sure I would start dreaming again in full force once I'd been sober for a week or two. This has not happened no dreams none that I can remember. Has anyone else gone through this?..Overall quitting has been for the better. Emotionally and physically I'm seeing and feeling improvement I have no regrets. I was just hoping ya'll could shed some insight/stories of your own mental healing throughout recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

The science says six months of consecutive sobriety for your brain to return to normal. although with exercise and supplementation is possible you could shorten that window
https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/?st=jf0hr8fa&amp;sh=ee561b24
I'm just a few days ahead of you and I've definitely noticed some mental improvements. Two noteworthy things I'm experiencing as of late:.- Lots of old memories springing up unexpectedly - mostly fond nostalgic ones. Like suddenly thinking of a song I loved a decade ago or randomly recalling a fun middle school event in surprising detail. This is significant for me - I've felt very disconnected from my old memories for a long time now for reasons that have more to do with my general life trajectory than with alcohol. So to now have all these pleasant old experiences popping up in my mind...it's just really nice...- Creativity! I've always been a creative type (so they tell me) but lately I've had lots of little bursts of inspiration. Ideas of things I want to design build code keep coming to me to the point I've started writing them down. While I was drinking I was in a complete creative rut and had little desire to make anything and little energy to devote to it. But not lately - now I find myself with a whole list of potential projects and things I want to explore. I hadn't realized how much alcohol was suppressing that; what a waste...Writing this is making me realize - the best things I'm getting out of sobriety are largely things that make me feel like *me* again. How 'bout that.
I too have always have very vivid dreams even when I was drinking every night and I still have them after 71 days sober. Everyone is different in that regards...As far as feeling foggy I'm still in that stage as well. I meant to type the word ate today and instead typed it as ain't and didn't notice until I had sent the message to a friend...I've also had some verbal issues as well but those are rare but when it does happen I feel like an idiot because I know the words but can't speak them properly. I myself am not thinking much about it though because it can take a good year before your brain is back to normal..
