-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86034j/rock_bottom/

I think I've officially hit rock bottom with my drinking. I don't know what to do or where I went wrong. I had 41 days sober and I got into my own head and decided I could drink again. I'm 24 and I've had my fair share of being a fucking trouble drinker. I got arrested the first time when I was 18 for being drunk in public and was just given a slap on the wrist then was shortly arrested again for having a fake ID when I was 19 . Disorderly conduct arrest after that and then the most recent thing was my DUI where the judge almost sent me to jail for a long while but I got away with it again. I'm fucking tired and I don't know what to do. I had 41 days and relapsed again and lost my job because I was drunk on the job. I cant do this by myself and I've been working with my AA sponsor to help me connect to some sort of higher power to get my through this fucking insanity. All I want more than anything is to stop drinking. I have two days sober again and I'm scared shitless
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in a similar situation as you. I'm 24 as well and my drinking has caused me alot of trouble with law as well.  You'll be ok dont dwell on the past and become 100% commited to staying sober.  
Rock bottom is where you stop digging!.I'm glad you're getting some support from AA and proud of you for realizing your problem early and trying to get sober. I wish I'd stopped at 24!
We re here for you. You have to find your own way and your own set of tools to get there but SD has tons of experience and wisdom. Keep coming here keep in touch with your sponsor do what needs to be done and remember that you can do this. You proved that with 41 glorious days. My top three bumper stickers: one day at a time - moderation doesn t work - it gets better.
Yes it sucks I found that each time I relapsed I learnt something new- trying to put positive spin on it...Two things that have really helped me this time is reading and listening to the reasons why we drink and intense excersise good luck my friend you can fight this demon
24.....   The time is now.     
I like this:..**chase after sobriety as hard as you chased booze** ..Whatever that looks like to us as individuals.  I will not drink with you today 
Feel good that u are back on the sobriety   train. Youve accomplished a lot right there. Lean on your sponsor and AA you have a great plan. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back. You can do this. Check in here regularly and get yourself a badge to track your sober days. You'll find a lot of support here.
Thank you everyone for the support I hope it gets a little easier. I'm still cleaning up the mess I made from when I was drinking 
