-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/861pe6/drinking_parner_advice/

I just received a DUI charge over the weekend. Me and my wife have been married for 10 years and we have always been pretty regular and sometimes heavy social and home drinkers. I've had alcohol treatment in the past before we were married but I've never been able to reach more than 6 months without a drink. I always relapse and then go back to regular drinking and all its problems for us. Maybe we all can relate to that dilemma. First let me say that I know that my drinking problem is my responsibility and it's nobody else's fault but my own and I can't close down all the bars and liquor stores. It's always going to be right there.  I can remove myself from situations that involve alcohol. WHAT TO DO about my home environment  is a dilemma right now.... should I get all the alcohol out of the house and tell my wife they'll be no more drinking on this property and let's do things together without alcohol at least at home and she can drink when she goes out with her friends... or allow her to continue drinking at home here regularly in front of me and tell her hey it really doesn't bother me this is my responsibility you don't have a drinking problem I do?  I fear that if I tell her that she can't drink at home anymore that it may push her away and be the end of our marriage Because deep down I feel that she may not want to be with someone that doesn't drink anymore. NOTE I've only seen my wife really drunk one time but she drinks two to three beers EVERY evening and does avoid family and social situations in order to be at home and do that... that was noted to me by one of my own family members he thinks she's an alcoholic too.
----------immediate responses--------

Good morning - thanks for sharing this. I do not have a lot of input on this particular issue but I sure understand where you are coming from. I am 100% certain you'll get some great thoughts and advice here though...Did want to say that this post really did get me thinking about all of the different kinds of challenges we all face as we move forward. I'm grateful you shared it...Most important: Glad you're here! IWNDWYT!
Welcomefriend. Quitting is hard. It is all up to you. The addiction will *always* tell you it is ok to have one drink. If you do you're drinking again. ..Moderation didn't work for me. I had to fail at it a few times to know. The last time sent me on an 18 month bender...Your partner is not you. She has to do what is right for her. She can help you but ultimately it is your decision right now in the moment not to drink. ..Readthe SD. Make a plan. Learn some tools. Attend a meeting. See a doc if you can. Get grounded in your sobriety. Remember: many never get sober. My uncle never did. He died on the street because of this disease...I wish you well. I won't be drinking with you today.
Best place to start is to address these issues with your wife. You will have a better idea on where she stands with you quitting drinking and what role she wants to play in it. ..I personally don't think both people have to give up alcohol. My SO enjoys a couple beverages when we are out and I don't mind at all. But overall when one is drinking and one is not it certainly can change the dynamics of a relationship. These are all things that will probably need to be explored as you go alone. Couples counseling might be a good place to do that. 
When I quit I couldn't stand to see or smell booze.  I went to all the lengths necessary not to be exposed to it so I could go without because I just wanted to drink still.  I found loopholes everywhere!  So I closeted myself in a bubble of sorts and once that was done and I was free and clear I felt like a newborn horse all wobbly and learning how to balance.   ..Yes it's a process and some of us are more sensitive to triggers than others.  There is the timeless advice of putting on our own oxygen mask first.  Like to make getting sober possible what does our optimal healing environment look like?  Are we inside a bubble with few distractions?  Let's construct one for our purpose!  Once we reach the next stage our needs change.  You can do this.  What does your quit process optimally look like to you?  .I will not drink with you today 
I just cannot have it in the house full stop. If her not being able to drink at home anymore is the end of your marriage that's a pretty big red flag that the alcohol has become the third lover in the triangle.
Wow you have a lot of different thoughts in there! I wonder if it might be helpful if you tried to list your issues in order of importance. For example you might decide that remaining abstinent is the first order of priority. If that's the case the next decision has to be made based on what will be most helpful in reaching your top priority. If your experience is that you just can't have it in the house for a while then maybe you could enlist your wife's aid in figuring how to meet that need rather than ordering her to stop drinking on the property. ..Once you've got all that figured out you'll likely find there's plenty of time to work through the impact of your abstinence on your relationship. 
Thank you so much for your reply and I am writing out right now what I'm going to say and you are right yes I need to ask her if she can do this for me and help me with my sobriety at this time and I know staying sober is more important than anything with or without her. I'm trying to say it with love and no Blame or criticism for towards her and make it her decision. Someone said that alcohol has become the third lover in our relationship just trying to see if that's possible to break that. And yes you are also right it's only one step forward on to the next. Thanks again for your reply lots of love to you
