-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8624ht/long_time_lurker_tired_of_feeling_alone/

This is my first post so I apologize if I am rambling too much. I do not know where to begin and I fear that a backstory may come across as though I am trying to excuse my addition. And perhaps in a way it is. I know for me it hurts to admit that I did this to myself. At the same time I have been told by therapists that I need to stop beating myself up over it. My mom was an alcoholic who kept me isolated from having normal age-appropriate friendships and it was not long before I was her drinking buddy. This is going to sound so stupid but I legitimately did not understand what addiction was or that alcohol could destroy the body. My mom always said that addicts are people who pawn their belongings in order to buy alcohol and that only large quantities of hard liquor on a daily basis can cause liver damage (so I thought that there was no way that we could be addicts). I believed her and was a full blown addict by the time I was 18. ..Over ten years later I realized that it is not normal for people to come home from work/school and have 5-7 drinks. Highly functioning alcoholics are still alcoholics and I received a wake-up call when I got blood work which showed my AST/ALT levels were at almost 200. I quit cold turkey and after 6 months of complete abstinence my AST/ALT levels were under 20. Awesome right? Well it would be if I was able to keep it that way. It started with binging once a month which I did not see as a problem. This Saturday however a few beers turned into a four-day bender which I am not proud of. This morning my husband promised he would not buy any more alcohol but I fear that it is only a matter of time. His problem is not as bad and we have fun drinking together so I can see how he may not see the drinking as a problem the way I do. ..I suppose the main reason why I decided to join this subreddit is that I am tired of being alone with this. Very few people even knew I had a problem and they do not know that I relapsed. I don't want them to know it's so embarrassing. I am just hoping that checking in daily with a supportive community will help me stay sober. On days when the urge gets overwhelming and I fear I will drink I will post here because I know many of you will understand and not judge me. ..Tl;dr   I was able to stay sober for 6 months without difficulty got stressed and went on a 4-day bender. I am 100% sober now but feeling powerless and hoping that I can stay out of the liquor store. ..(Edited for awful spelling and sentence structure due to extreme hangover)
----------immediate responses--------

Great first post.  Thanks for sharing.
You're in the right place!  ..You wanna know what the best thing about this sub is?  It's a 24/7 place to talk to people like us.  ..I'm a late nighter and unfortunately there aren't any AA meetings at 3AM.  Here you will always have someone to talk to!  ..Stay strong young lady.  I'm here if you want to chat.
I think you have found a soft space to land.  This sub is very supportive and full of wisdom and heartache and laughs and tears.  It's definitely "come as you are."  One of my biggest problems with drinking is how terribly hard on myself I was about it.  I'm quite relieved to have unhitched myself from the whipping post.  BTW your post was not at all rambling.  It was succinct and I get it.  IWNDWYT
welcome sister; glad to have you on board. please don't beat yourself up about your relapse. I would be pleased if I could count the times I relapsed before I got a month. you're doing great.
I'm a highly functioning alcoholic as well.  It is a lonely feeling to have this huge problem and no one knows.  But you are not alone.  SD has helped me a lot.  Good luck to you!
Alcoholism is different for everyone I've never been a fan of people who say there is one universal definition of an alcoholic. It sounds like you noticed and decided that there needed to be change in your life and that's all that matters. Stay strong stay positive and remember to forgive yourself daily - it will help! I will not drink with you today!
I was pondering situations like yours the other day.  How it must be for women or men who were either forced or manipulated into drug and/or alcohol use.  Think of all the women in sex trafficking and how they are kept drugged.  What happens if a person is lucky enough to become physically free of the situation but they are still bound by it even years later?  My heart aches over it.  I wish you a good life truly on your own terms.  That you have free will may be difficult to perceive but I promise you it is there.  You are stronger than you think and more courageous than you know.  Bless your hands that have the ability to create your life.          i will not drink with you today 
Hey welcome! Best of luck on your journey!..When I first posted here someone linked me to [This Naked Mind](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw) and it was a real game-changer for me. I'd tried to cut down or quit so many times before but this really altered the way I thought about a future without alcohol and how I understood my drinking. Maybe you'll find it useful too!
Good job! Don't be hard on yourself. Find yourself a reward strength you persistancy. Hang in there. Love from Holland  
