-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/866ha9/999_days/

I started writing this post over two weeks ago anticipating my 1000th day sober. In a way that really encompasses a big part of why I'm still sober. One of the big lessons I have learned is to plan ahead for my sobriety. ..In my earliest days of sobriety it was a mirror of my latter days of drinking. I spent all my time with my booze ridden brain dwelling on alcohol. While drinking I'd spend a fair amount of time figuring out where to buy my booze how early I could start drinking where to stash the booze and how much shit I might catch from my wife if/when I got too ripped up. When I finally stopped that focus went to  I want a drink but I can't.  That rolled in my head with nearly every waking moment. ..After a few weeks of this I landed in the Pink Cloud. For those not familiar it is a common (but not universal) experience for the newly sober. They've attained sobriety for a few weeks or months and suddenly it seems like everything is wonderful. It is pretty damned wonderful to feel so euphoric. Luckily I kept reading the boards and at the time was still doing AA meetings once a week. I came to understand the Pink Cloud will eventually drift away and I knew I had to prepare for it. This marks the start of really learning to plan for sobriety. ..When the Pink Cloud turned dark and reality came crashing back in I had planned on it and was ready. I had picked up some tools that were useful. I learned HALT (Hungry Angry Lonely Tired)   when I had a craving I'd use that tool to assess if I was any of those things. If so I would acknowledge and attempt to alleviate the issue. I continued to stick to Dry People and Dry Places. When I was going to be in a place that wasn't dry I'd have an escape plan. These things helped me get through those days after the Pink Cloud. ..More on HALT   this became a better tool for me when I started using it proactively. If I'm going to an event that served booze I would make sure I'd be in a good mindset before going. I'd read the SD boards a bit to keep my sobriety and being an alcoholic on the top of my mind. I'd try to be well rested not hungry and in a good frame of mind. ..That period after the Pink Cloud is a long one. I'm probably still in it. The tool that came to be as important as anything to me was introspection. It ties back into HALT in a way but goes deeper. What was I feeling?  Was it an urge/anger/sadness/depression? Why was I feeling that emotion? Identifying my feelings/moods and acknowledging them was and is hugely impactful on my life. Not just in staying sober but in living. ..After a year sober I told my close friends I was an alcoholic. They knew I had blackouts had seen me piss drunk way too often and likely understood what I was before I did. I unloaded about my nearly daily blackouts and my struggles and success in being a year sober. I'd largely avoided them in that year as I too closely associated them with my drinking. I am still selective about when I get together with them. If there is going to be drinking I do my proactive HALT prior to the gathering. ..Another tool I picked up was treating myself in the presence of booze. If it was a bonfire I'd bring along my pipe or a cigar to enjoy and distract myself. If I was out to dinner I'd treat myself to a little more expensive steak or an appetizer that I'd normally not get. If it was a party I'd bring along my own drinks (LaCroix Diet Pepsi flavored water etc). This might seem like an odd thing to mention but I tend to be pretty frugal on most things and it took a conscious effort to treat or reward myself. Obviously it was still less expensive than all the booze I'd have had otherwise. ..Along my path I at some point picked up Meditations by Marcus Aurelius. I'd read some of his quotations and they resonated with me. I continued to read more about the Stoic philosophy and found it to be a good fit to my mindset. In addition it became a tool for me in life and sobriety. At work and life I sometimes come across shitty people. Marcus Aurelius gave me the insight on how to best view them. Below is from his Meditations. .."Begin each day by telling yourself: Today I shall be meeting with interference ingratitude insolence disloyalty ill-will and selfishness   all of them due to the offenders' ignorance of what is good or evil. But for my part I have long perceived the nature of good and its nobility the nature of evil and its meanness and also the nature of the culprit himself who is my brother (not in the physical sense but as a fellow creature similarly endowed with reason and a share of the divine); therefore none of those things can injure me for nobody can implicate me in what is degrading. Neither can I be angry with my brother or fall foul of him; for he and I were born to work together like a man's two hands feet or eyelids or the upper and lower rows of his teeth. To obstruct each other is against Nature's law   and what is irritation or aversion but a form of obstruction." ..In short (as I explained to my sons)  People can be shitty. Don't get mad at them for being ignorant because we have been shitty too. Take the higher road and work together.  ..Amor Fati: I read an article a while back on The Art of Manliness about something called Amor Fati which translates to  Love your fate . At about 14 months sober I was downsized from a job of nearly two decades. I've been doing contract work in a different field than I've ever worked. Was I bitter as hell about getting downsized? Yes and I recognize I am still not totally over it. That said I've come to realize just how miserable I was in the old job and the stresses of it didn't help my drinking. I've discovered that I really enjoy my new job/work and it is a good fit for me...When I read about Amor Fati it clicked. I was enjoying work and I look forward to Mondays. My two hours in the car which was originally a grind has become a great period of decompression and even relaxation each day. I have embraced my fate and I do love it. Also Amor Fati perfectly ties into my views of Stoic philosophy. .."Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart."   Marcus Aurelius Mediations.."It's not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters." Epictetus.."He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has." Epictetus.."True happiness is to enjoy the present without anxious dependence upon the future not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have which is sufficient for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot whatever it may be without wishing for what he has not." .  Seneca..Life and sobriety are both a journey. In Stoic philosophy we are encouraged to become a Sage (a person that perfectly embodies the Stoic philosophy) but also understand that we will fall short. It is constant work and that's okay. Tomorrow I'll have 1000 days into my journey and I've learned more about myself in these couple of years. Possibly more than I learned in the previous 40+ years. ..I don't want to drink alcohol again. I'm a better person without it. My mind is clearer my emotions are in order and I deal with life much better. This subreddit is a big part of my sobriety too. The people here with their empathy understanding and shared pain make me realize I'm not alone in my struggles. ..Thanks for reading (those brave souls who struggled through the whole damned thing) and I will not drink with you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thank you for sharing this great info. You're an inspiration!
One of the best 999 -&gt; 1000 posts I've read. Thank you for sharing this. 
What a beautiful picture of your journey you have painted here!  You are a testament to the precious nature of life and living it on its terms.  Thank you for the outstanding quotes.  I'm saving this post for use later on.  Cherish your last day in triple digits!  Tomorrow is only a breath away and I know you will embrace it with all the zest and zeal that you've built up in your heart and mind.  Such a phenomenal post.  Thank you!  IWNDWYT!
Thank you so much for sharing very inspirational. ..I'm also a big fan of Stoicism and wish I would have applied it to my drink problem earlier. Seneca was my first introduction to the philosophy and I had bookmarked a great letter years back that discusses alcohol. It hits home even more now...an excerpt from [Letter 83](https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Letter_83) .. Drunkenness kindles and discloses every kind of vice and removes the sense of shame that veils our evil undertakings.For more men abstain from forbidden actions because they are ashamed of sinning than because their inclinations are good. When the strength of wine has become too great and has gained control over the mind every lurking evil comes forth from its hiding-place. Drunkenness does not create vice it merely brings it into view 
Congrats. This post is really amazing. It's great to learn more the journey. I know it won't look exactly the same for any one of us but there will likely be similar rest stops along the way. Love the thoughts and quotes as well. Amazing! Q
Congratulations Great read! 
Congratulations on your amazing journey!
Marcus Aurelius is my favorite philosopher.  I hope I can use his wisdom to get to 999 days like you. Congratulations!
Awesome thank you for posting this :) 
Congratulations on your treble nine.   I'm grateful that I logged onto Reddit to be able to read your post. Really got me thinking.  
Congratulations on 999 days of freedom   
Awesome!
Congrats on your success! I like how you talk about having a plan for X event. That has been key for me too!..Seems like we read the same type of things. I found this essay from Emerson the other day. If you have some spare time!.https://math.dartmouth.edu/~doyle/docs/self/self.pdf 
you did it and you've inspired me to try and that's all I can do. congrats and i'm so proud
What an amazing  journey and incredible insight. Wonderful!
Wondrous quotes! Thanks for sharing your experience with us! I'll toast a La Croix with you! Cheers!
Congrats and great post!
Congratulations! I thoroughly enjoyed reading this.  
Congratulations on 999 days. This post is epic it's given me so much to think about. Thanks for sharing I will be re-reading it for sure. 
Great advice  thank you 
Congrats BDB! Thanks for planning this post for weeks-so much good stuff in here.
Great post thanks!  Happy 1000 to you!  ..I like what you're saying here and have also noticed that the skills to deal with stopping drinking are transitioning well into the skills for living a more aware and in tune life.  ..I will not drink with you today.
Congrats I really enjoyed reading this.
What a wonderful post.  When i was in treatment they taught is about HALT and it is still helpful.  It sounds like you are well on your way to learning about the biggest mystery of all ourselves.  You are putting in good work to leran about yourself and what is going on that makes you do the things you do. You mentioned it its all about the emotions for us.  Alcoholism is a disease of the emotions.  We feel things so intensively sometimes that we cant stand it and so we change it with our drug of choice.  Chemical lobotomy.  You sound like you have learned so much.  Awesome job.
Well done. Reading your post really hit the nail on the head for a lot of my recovery too.
One 66 to another - thank you for your beautiful words. I feel inspired to read more around this.
Thank you for the post. This is the 4th time Meditations has come up in my life in as many weeks...You have inspired me to finally give it a read. ..Congrats on 1000 and many thousands more to you!
Great stuff. Thank you for this post. Congratulations on 1000 days. I hope to emulate your success. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks I have all way faltered when the pink cloud lifted you have helped me with a plan....Thanks.
Bravo u/BlackDogBlues66! 1000 days is amazing. I remember you from the early days. I am glad you are still a positive part of this community. I love your Stoic attitude and those quotes were just what I needed to read today. Thank you for sharing.
I love this. Thank you for posting. 
