-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86e5x4/15_years_sober_and_suddenly_im_struggling/

A year and a half ago I decided to stop drinking. I thought this was getting easier but over the past few days I've had intense cravings for alcohol to the point where I am actively planning a relapse. Here's what I know: ..- My wife is on vacation leaving me alone. Lack of accountability and boredom are my two biggest triggers and I've got heapfulls of both right now. .- My personal life has been very stressful yet another trigger.- I still cringe have flashbacks and intense guilt about my previous behaviors while intoxicated (dabbling in drugs poor financial decisions lying) although I've made strides in controlling and moving past these emotions as they arise..- I've played the tape forward and know exactly what will happen. I'll try a beer feel guilty about it but fall back into its warm embrace. I'll have another half dozen large bottles and fall asleep late. I'll be alone the whole time it'll be a pathetic scene. It's likely that I'll be hungover or at least running a major misfire tomorrow at work. I'll spend the next two weeks (until wife gets back) low-level binging every night. She'll return I'll tell her that I've fucked up feel goddamn terrible about all of it and start this process all over again. ..I KNOW EXACTLY HOW NEGATIVE THIS WILL BE YET MY MIND IS COMPLETELY OBSESSED WITH IT. ..I can't explain how frustrating this is. When they say this is a disease that stays with you for life they aren't kidding. I've made all of this progress I've moved on in so many ways yet here I feel like I'm back at day 1 again. I'm writing this to try to create a sense of accountability and ground myself. I appreciate any wisdom you people can pass along at this time. ....
----------immediate responses--------

I get scared too when im left on my own to long the mean plant tells me that no one will notice if I drink I can cover it all up ever soo easily......to which I respond "but I dont want to drink"..and the evil plant goes on with its normal persuasive bull about how it will be fun and I deserve to relax and have fun......bastard.....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7SkrYF8lCU..but stay strong its not worth it break your streak 
I totally get this. I am almost three years sober but recently I had some news that might bed bad and I immediately found myself having bad thoughts. It puts me mind of the saying "No matter how far down the road we are we are all the same distance from the ditch."..For me it means it have to go back to the basics such as "one day at a time." I did the Daily Check-In this morning for the first time in weeks because I felt I really needed to start doing it again.
I will not drink with you today...Drinking just will not work for some of us...And it's okay. I'm good. I'm not going to toss my long-term satisfaction away for a temporary escape in a moment of nostalgia...You're good too. Be good to you.
I know how you feel.  I once went 5 years without drinking but then gave in to the little voice.  20 years of drinking later I was a shell of my former self and I was becoming more and more verbally abusive towards those I loved.  ..I can play the tape forward and clearly see myself losing everything I hold dear and dying an old drunk yet I know how strong that shitty little voice can be so this time I told myself that if I what I'm doing stops being effective I will immediately jump to the next level of treatment. ..In my case that would mean going to meetings (AA or SmartRecovery) as well as seeing a sobriety counselor...And if I was in your specific situation I would also consider letting my wife know up front what was going on in my head and asking her to help just by communicating her support to me in some way (text phone FB messaging etc) preferably multiple times per day. ..I would also make plans to do home projects exercise 'til I dropped binge on Netflix until I passed out and meditate when I awoke.  And I would also eat tons of comfort food and be as active on this site as possible...Anything to not go back to that way of 'living' (dying)...Strength to you.  IWNDWYT....
When this happens to me I try to force myself to get around other sober people. Whether that be friends meetings people in your community etc.  .If I am able to do that it ends up passing and I actually end up feeling better than I did before the feeling to drink came.
What about playing forward the tape where you don't fuck yourself over? The one where the good things happen? And you get to some point of happiness for years?...I will not drink with you today!
Got a room that needs redoing or redecorating? Surprise your wife with a complete makeover of a room. Make a big project of it. Once you start you can't stop because it needs to be finished by the time she comes back. You won't finish when you drink right? so don't drink...Also please join us in chat (sidebar) if you're really struggling. Cravings do subside..
Saying no to that first drink gets me through some of the cravings. If I just say NO to the first one I will stay happily sober. I have a big party coming up this weekend and I've been doing a lot of self talk before I fall asleep at night. Telling myself all the positives about staying sober and all the negatives about drinking. All the time reminding myself that nothing was ever made better for me by drinking. Wishing you strength and success on your journey. IWNDWYT
