-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86utd5/i_want_to_thank_you_all_for_helping_me_make_it_to/

I have mostly been a lurker on this subreddit. I never really felt that I had much to give but have always been inspired by seeing new posts and hearing others' stories...One year ago at 29 years old I was hospitalized with alcoholic hepatitis and pancreatitis from 10 years of heavy drinking. Never really thought of myself as an alcoholic during much of my 20s as it is more or less promoted during the post-secondary education lifestyle. It also didn't help that during the summers I would do construction work where daily drinking is considered normal...For the past 3 years I have worked as a software developer: another job where drinking is a strong part of the culture...I had tried many times to stop drinking only to start again after a couple of days. Any excuse to have a drink would get the ball rolling again...It was the last 6 months of my drinking days where it had gotten to the point where I had alcohol in my system almost 24/7. I sneaked in drinks throughout the day and every evening when my daily tasks were compete I'd get blackout drunk. These were the worst days of my life...With the help of medical professionals family friends and all of you that share your stories I have found the strength to admit that the alcohol controls me. It cannot be a part of my life...The past year has been both the hardest and best year of my adult years. I have accomplished more than I have ever done in years earlier and have come to love whom I am once more...I come to this subreddit to share in the triumphs and struggles of others that are battling the same demon...Through the advice and support in the posts and comments I have been able to stick by my guns and go from daily beers straight liquor mixed drinks vomit and self-loathing to full nights' rests healthy eating better relationships career advancement and finding love for myself and my old passions...To all those that are beginning the journey: it is a hard road but you'll never regret it. Never be afraid to ask for help. Stick to your guns. You can do it...To all those that are maintaining sobriety it is a hard road; keep going. You've got this! You have made the right decision.
----------immediate responses--------

A BIG congratulations for your one year sobriety anniversary. Very well done!  You are an inspiration to many including myself  .IWNDWYT..
 ...and finding love for myself. . **This.**. Congrats Rob on 1 year friend...I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Very happy for you bud!!! Same age same feelings. I identify with this so much. I hope you're celebrating today because this is huge. Keep it up brother!
*I have accomplished more than I have ever done in years earlier and have come to love whom I am once more.*..I'm just really happy to hear that you love who you are.  That is everything.  You made my day.  
FANTASTIC! Happy birthday my friend very happy for your success.
This was a really great post - I think it will help many. It certainly helped me just by reading it. You are right that it can be super hard to stay sober at times but my hat goes off to you for making it a year. That is no easy accomplishment. 
Good work on getting a year /u/ArcadeRob even though I don't know you I'm really fucking proud of you! (internet hugs!)..One guy named Trucker Chuck once said "I'm glad to be on the green side of the dirt." and I'm glad you are too!..Stay strong and just know that sobriety is marathon not a sprint and some days it'll feel like a walk for the cure on an escalator going the wrong way and bug the hell out of you but if you're willing to do whatever's necessary and you've had enough emotional pain it'll get better down the road...Good luck in year 2 and take care! :).
Congratulations!  Such an inspiring story and thank you for sharing your journey.  It makes me want to carry on.  I too do not want to go back THERE! Amazing! :)
[removed]
Congrats! I work in the same industry and know what you mean as a 28 year old (got sober at 27).  ..I've devoted the last year of my life to being 'healthy wealthy and wise'. Some days have been harder than others with every possible trigger or reason to drink coming up but I've stayed the course somehow. ..I've found a group of mentors to grow at every level professionally socially spiritually. I've learned to love myself and start to heal the deepest most neglected parts of my being. ..I'm starting to enjoy life again and develop coping skills also change my inner monologue from 'kingslayer! oathbreaker!' to something more objective and uplifting...If you ever need anyone to talk to or just want to geek out PM me! :) 
hell yes love reading this. happy one year to you and here's to continued sobriety success. iwndwyt  
Inspirational. Thank you for sharing :)
Congratulations!! An amazing achievement..IWNDWYT...
This gives me so much hope. Thank you. 
Congrats!!  Amazing job!!  My husband went thru pancreatitis bouts and it's no joke how bad they are.  Sobriety is amazing!.
Well done!
I loved reading your post! I'm mostly a lurker too.  Congratulations one year really is no mean feat.
Well done.  I'm a software developer also and we have free beer and cider on tap in the office which I used to think was brilliant.  Fortunately it does not tempt me anymore.
Congratulations!  One year is a fantastic accomplishment. ..I spent too many years in the software biz and yeah - what most would consider heavy drinking most of considered "maintenance drinking".  Ugh.  I do not miss the hangovers!..Congrats on a year thanks for sharing that great post.
Great for you on one year.  That is a great accomplishment and you do have a lot to add and give here!  Keep up the great work!
Thank you!  thank you thank you thank you.  Addiction does suck this is true.  I think battling addiction is easier in some ways than feeding addiction.  But whichever road a person is on addiction is a beast.
Congrats on your 1 year!!! What a great accomplishment. I'm so proud of you. I've been told the first year is the longest. I'm struggling still with depression and picking up the pieces of the life I destryoed while drinking but I look forward t being where you are. 
