-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86xyfl/has_anyone_made_it_through_this_journey_with_no/

I finally decided to quit drinking after always having had a negative relationship with alcohol and the person it made me become after I did something seriously wrong a few weeks ago that hurt my wife badly. Some of the proactive steps I took afterwards to piece our relationship back together were getting sober and joining AA. The thing is if I ever drink again she is going to leave. We're a queer couple in Alabama and I lost my family when I chose to be with her so in addition to the fact that I love her and don't want to see her go I really have nothing to fall back on if she does. ..I was really disgusted with myself the day I chose to quit and felt sure that those sensations would easily carry me through a life of sobriety. Now that some time has worn on I actually do have some cravings especially emotional ones since I drank to escape my problems and I'm scared that one day my determination will wane and I'll lose everything. ..Is there anyone who put the bottle down one time and never relapsed? Is what I have to do to keep the only family that I have in this world even possible?
----------immediate responses--------

There are definitely examples of people who finally decided to make a change and never looked back...However as you alluded to that decision is usually festering for quite some time. A lot of people try moderation first and then realize they can't control it so they eventually decide enough is enough...The thing is putting that pressure on yourself isn't going to help any...That is why we have the motto "I will not drink with you TODAY"...This journey is one day at a time...So with that I'll be sober with you tonight. &lt;3
Its been 3 months for me. Some days easier than others. 
I don't think zero relapses is the point of not drinking. That for me is experiencing real life ups and downs and all without the poisonous mist that cover everything when I drank. It may be something else for others...Relapses sometimes occur but it's not the end. After one too many of them I finally checked into rehab which helped me enormously. Still I could relaps tomorrow; it would suck but I'm confident I could manage. The life is worth fighting for.
[removed]
&gt;is what I have to to keep the only family that I have in this world even possible?..Sure!  ..I'm sober today.  Was yesterday too!..If today proceeds like yesterday I'll probably do the same thing tomorrow...But that's tomorrow...I'd just keep the family together today...Wait til tomorrow before you handle tomorrow...If I dwell on "the future...next year...Forever..."..Well that's a bit overwhelming.  But I got today...So do you.
I have over a year under my belt and I keep trekking along.   All the worries and concerns are completely normal.  I think that part of the journey is to ask those questions and do some deep thinking about how you want the outcome to be.  I will say this that in the beginning of sobriety it will seem like you are going out of your mind with "what if's".   I found with my sobriety that the longer I kept sober the better my understanding and respect grew for what I was going thru.   For me I had to come to grips with the fact that I can drink again.   I can do that whenever I want.  Any of us can.  But I make a choice not to drink.  As an adult I did not apply adult rules to my life and low and behold I became an alcoholic.  In my sobriety I have new rules that I live my life by.  Another hard fact I had to accept was that......we all will get sober.  Each and every one of us.  Some of us will choose it for ourselves......death will choose it for the others.  We have to make the decision which side we want to be on when it happens.  Please don't get discouraged and do realize that this is completely attainable. For me....the first 2 months were the hardest.  The first 3 weeks were extremely stressful.  One thing I made sure of was to keep busy.....like all the time in the beginning.  I really think that is important.  Keep going to meetings and coming here to post up. IWNDWYT=I will not drink with you today!
737 relapse free days so far. Cravings were tough in the beginning but you need to stay on point and 'play forward' what happens after just '1'. 1 turns to 6 into 12 headache hangover guilt. 
/u/Rush58 has managed for nearly 36 years.
Congratulations on having 13 days!  That's quite an accomplishment  :D.I found that after my initial period of quitting which frankly consumed all of my time and energy I was looking into the next goal:  the maintenance of sobriety.  ..I concocted a plan based on the experience of what worked for other people here at SD and drawing from my own personal life experience.  I needed a basic plan that I could build on if I chose to add anything when I was ready.  So I started by constructing a routine to follow.  Because having a routine would fill up my day keep me busy and keep me on track and focused.  ..I also found that finding out as much as I could about the stories of others who have turned their life around kept the flame of motivation alive as much as possible.  When motivation wanes self discipline keeps us moving towards our goal...You can do this I wish you my best!  I will not drink with you today ..
I too know I could lose everything if I drink again.  But isn't that all of us?  One day of drinking could cause an act of infidelity a drunken fight a DUI fatality a drunken slip with a fatal head injury etc.   We are all really in the same boat.  Alcohol can take everything from you in the blink of an eye.  You are not alone.  What helps me is to not think I can't drink or my SO will leave me but I don't want to drink because I want to be a better person and a better partner mom worker etc.   it's my choice not to drink.  You really have to do it for you.  Also like everyone else have said just take it one day at a time.  All we really have is today!  Best of luck to you!  
 No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch. ..The trick is to *stay* on the road you're traveling by working hard on it.  To work hard *everyday* to stay on track. One day at a time. If I fall into the ditch I must dust myself off learn from it and get back onto my road of sobriety...I will not drink with y'all today.     within  
Yes it's possible. ..This is going to sound utterly idiotic but the trick is that you do not drink. Regardless. You can live through anything. There's this weird worry that maybe you *can't* live through anything at all without a drink but that is a lie alcohol's way of leaving the light on for you. There is no human experience I can't handle raw because I am a human. I was built for this. ..My healing process goes up and down and sideways and in a spiral pattern and sometimes it's very hard and sometimes it's so easy and joyous I feel like I'm floating. I honor both as meaningful and complete whereas alcohol always positions raw experience as inadequate on its own and as requiring escape or enhancement. I reject that effort to steal the moment from me whether that moment is ugly or beautiful. It's mine.
