-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/874s0v/1_year_with_sd_not_the_journey_i_was_expecting/

I tried so many times to stop by myself thinking it would be easy but there would always be a stressful day that gave me the excuse I needed to go straight back to it. I was in denial about the problem I had. ... Right up until I stumbled upon this sub linked in a comment somewhere else. I spent hours reading it and crying and decided then and there that I was going to make a go of this. ..I made a post here found the IRC chat (which I since haven't left the people in that room have just about become my best friends in a way) and here I am a year later around 6 months completely free of alcohol. ..It hasn't been easy at all. I relapsed three weeks in on vacation and again at 6 months in because I wasn't looking after my mental health. There as been periods of depression anxiety over the top happiness it was almost hysterical and scary. I have had to withdraw socially spent a lot of money on doctors getting to the root of my issues. I put on a lot of weight because staying sober and fighting for a healthier mind meant my self care in other areas plummeted. My work suffered...On the other hand.. I saved so much money from not drinking I managed to buy an apartment. My workplace although I was not at my best helped look after me because they saw what I was going through. I worked out who my real friends are and my love for my family feels more real because I am actually present for them. I can do things for other people and feel content instead of annoyance because it's not ruining my drinking time. I am getting to the root of my health issues - an auditory processing issue and a possible learning disability which explains my always being stressed so I have answers for the first time in my life. Although I am not at the end of my battle yet I have hope instead of constant hopelessness. ..I'm not sure what I thought when I first started this whole thing. I new it wasn't going to be all sunshine and daisies judging by other's people's stories here. But I don't think I was prepared for just how much effort and dedication it was going to take to get through this. ..All I can say is it is so bloody worth it and I'm so glad you're all here on the same journey...I will not drink with you today &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your update.  Yes I agree it s hard work but worth it.  IWNDWYT!
Congrats!  You're fighting the only fight that really matters-- the one for a sober &amp; healthy you.  I know this is a cliche but I find much truth in it:  after the hardest climb comes the best view.  Let's keep climbing &amp; fighting together!  IWNDWYT!
&lt;3 You are amazing Wincil and such a huge support to myself and so many others in chat! I am blessed to call you a friend and I am so proud of you! ..IWNDWYT
Wow it shows how much you have matured learned and reflected. You are way wiser... congratulations on your sober days!
What's the IRC chat?! Sorry haha total noob here...Congratulations! Your story is inspiring like so many of the stories here. I am excited to finally be on this journey and i feel more hopeful than i have ever felt before! 
Thanks for updating! Glad to hear you're doing well.  
So fkn proud of you Winbot. For real. Ty for sticking with it and for the work you do giving back to IRC as a faithful mod. We're lucky to have you there and I'm lucky to have you a friend. ..I know you're gonna continue to crush it and get better on this journey. To many more quench-filled days!! [#TEEM](https://youtu.be/GVDJ8O3lPBA)
Sweet!! I'll be there for sure :)
Gratz!  Good on ya. I enjoy occasionally commenting just to see my sober day count. Just another reason to stay involved in the SD community.  IWNDWYT!
Congratulations!  You sound very good and solid.  IWNDWYT!
What's SD?
Thanks for sharing here it's inspiring for me to read this.
Well done Wincil! Really proud of you and it's been amazing seeing your grow every day and all you have achieved in such a short time. &lt;3 
So wonderful! I admire your strength. Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Congrats! What is IRC chat?
Congrats to you. I also have a condition involving my inner ear and when i get vertigo even lightly i cannot process the input as fast as its coming in.  I am fortunate that my hearing is unaffected but my ears are extremely sensitive to high frequencies.  It really hurts to hear them.  I hope you continue to learn about yourself it is the key to a happy sober life. I did counselling for over 7 years and it was extremely helpful. I wish you many more years sober.  Stay with us.
This is so good to read girlladyfemale :) You're one of the people that made me feel real welcome in chat and i always enjoyed seeing you there..I'm really happy for you and it seems you're doing great. I might come say hi there later today to addpoint you ;) Getting an apartment in your first year of sobriety is also real cool :)..Again i'm really happy about your progress and achievements. You're pretty cool :)....
This is a great success story keep it going!
Your post is a gift to me. .It is not taken lightly .Big love to you. And peace. 
Congrats Wincil!  Sorry I missed this in IRC!  So proud of you!..And this: "I can do things for other people and feel content instead of annoyance because it's not ruining my drinking time."..I feel that too and it is so great!..Good on  ya!  &lt;3  Farmy
I am so pleased for you and I have loved talking to you in chat every so often! 
