-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/876qx0/the_downfalls_of_trying_harder_an_email_i_got/

 There are a lot of us who come to quitting drinking with a  try harder' attitude   I'll begin tomorrow and I'll try harder. .     Think about weight loss instead of drinking. Let's say I am trying to lose weight and every day I start with good intentions and maybe I do well for a few days but then I eat a piece of cake. A few days later I eat an entire cake. I start the diet again with:  I just have to try harder. .     How about instead of trying harder I tried different?.     Different things I could do: remove the cake from the house remove all of the junk or processed food from the house give it away donate to the women's shelter throw it out. (Remove the alcohol give it away donate to friends at work pour it out.).     I could go to the store and get healthy food for an entire week plan all seven days' worth of meals throw in a few snacks and a few healthy treats like raisins and pineapple. (Get sober replacement drinks lots of different kinds and teas and decaf coffee and some sober reward treats like raisins and pineapple.).     I'd tell someone that I'm starting a new eating thing and ask for their support. (I could have a sober penpal and a place where I can be accountable.).     I could find a blog written by someone who has successfully changed their eating and read their blog from day one to see what they struggled with and how they coped. (Hey I know a good sobriety blog!).     I can have an appointment with a food person. (I could have a call with a sober coach a counsellor a therapist.).     I can subscribe to a podcast about healthy eating. (Hey I know a good sober podcast series!).     Or I can try harder. I can get up tomorrow with all of the booze still in my house with all the same stress as yesterday with the court case and the in-laws and the car brakes and the snow and the vacation and the fundraiser and the laundry and the special needs child and I can say that starting today I'm going to  try harder. .     If you've been trying things to be sober you can say this to yourself:  I'm going to quit for 100 days even if I hate it. I want to see how much better being sober is Belle assures me it's worth it. .     And it is.
----------immediate responses--------

I got some things I need to try different. I start every day 'trying harder' when I really need to set myself up for success. How to do that I'm not sure but that is something to think about.
Nice one!
My wife insists on snacks and alcohol in the house..Since we have kids I cannot leave.
Nice post Belle!  
