-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87dd08/50_days_my_experience_so_far/

Woohoo feeling so proud of myself for these 50 days without a drop of alcohol. I wanted to post about some of the experiences I've had in this process. For both me to look back on and if anyone finds this useful then that's fantastic ..- I was always a little sensitive right now i am really really really sensitive. I am learning to give myself and others breathing room and taking time before responding and assessing why I feel sensitive or emotional over a response .- be prepared to lose some friends. Only 50 days in and I lost one of my  good  friends. You don't have to put up with people who don't respect your decision. Right now I'm my biggest priority and I am okay with losing friends or putting friendships on hold while I work my shit out .- sparkling water saves me every day. La croix is delicious but regular and lemon/lime flavours are awesome. Adding fun mixes like grenadine/pineapple or other fruit juices/etc makes it a decadent drink. I feel indulgent and i don't feel like I'm missing anything .- I have thoughts about going back to drinking OFTEN. I try to rationalize how I can go and moderate and be  normal  in a few months once I have a handle on everything. That is my biggest struggle and I am so thankful for this group to remind me THIS IS FOOLISH! Not only will I not be able to moderate but I'd be giving up being sober - which really is a super power .- looking up to Demi Lovato has really helped me. .- i got extremely down and some kind people on here mentioned that my brain chemistry is literally changing. Just GOING to the doctor made me feel so much better. But I did get a medication change for my antidepressant and it feels good to be taking care of my mental health. .- on that note stopping drinking doesn't cure depression. I was hoping within a few weeks I'd be feeling amazing. I read a lot of posts about it. Truth is I felt more depressed than ever before. But I'm so thankful because I realized with drinking I was numbing the signals and was distracted by hangovers. Without that interference it was clear there was something medical happening. That's OK. and getting help is OK too. .- I'm still tired AF but way more productive. I was hoping I'd get that magically boost of energy that sobriety seems to promise but no. The good news is that once I have my coffee I feel amazing and can go all day. Drinking me would have coffee have stomach issues all day take a 3 hour post work nap - and do ZIPPO all day. Being tired is okay life is busy and exhausting. I'm okay with this. .- I've gained weight. I'm a 27 year old female and fairly thin. At night I would usually have a few glasses of wine alone and that would curb hunger and I'd go to sleep. Now I get real snackyyyyyy. My sugar cravings are going down but they were wild. I was making boxed brownies 3 times a week. I live alone. Classic. But I am happy to say the cravings are subsiding. But ya girl will continue to TREAT HERSELF! .- despite the small weight gain I'm less swollen and bloated. I look thinner a lot of the time because my body isn't having a freak out .- my relationship with my close friends and dogs is closer than ever. I can't imagine trading this sober time I have with them for drunken hot-mess-ness. ..Wow! This got long. But I know it'll help me to look back at it. I'm so proud of myself and for everyone who comes here. This place has made these 50 days so much easier than I could have imagined. I am looking forward to 50 more and so on and so forth! ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thanks so much for sharing. I'm only a few days in and posts like yours are so inspiring and the encouragement I need to keep going!
One thing this sub has taught me is that the illusion of moderation will always take you back to your old drinking self. It happens to a lot of people. It's good to see the progress you've made.
[removed]
&gt; I was making boxed brownies 3 times a week. I live alone. Classic...I am in tears this is hilarious and I can relate SO much to the through-the-roof sugar cravings. Keep it up girl! I will raise my next brownie in a toast to you! 
Congrats on 50 days!
I wish I was as smart as you when I was 27!  Congratulations and keep it up!
Good going!  My sugar cravings really increased too but now I'm at a point where I think I can begin cutting back drastically on sweets without upsetting my peace of mind...IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing. I see a lot of myself in what you're saying. I have gained weight too replaced vodka and Ritalin with lots of chocolate. I snack because I'm bored because I'm hungry because I'm craving something. Hopefully that won't last forever for now I'm not going to deny myself sweets. Good luck and I hope you'll keep checking in here.
Congrats!! So much to be proud of. I liked your list. I'm in a similar stage (45 days sober) and experiencing a lot of the same emotions. Keep it up. 
Congrats on 50 days. Good for you!..&gt;I have thoughts about going back to drinking OFTEN...What works for me is  playing the tape forward.   Remembering all the other times I planned to just have 2 or 3 drinks.  And then finishing a new full bottle in one sitting. And then feeling really horrible for the next few days. It ALWAYS played out that way. I'd have to be insane to believe that the next time would be different. This is usually where I've conquered the urge to drink again. If not I go to an AA meeting. .I will not drink with you today. 
What a fantastic post I really connected with a lot of the things you said. The hardest thing is sometimes breaking habits that led to drinking. One day at a time and you'll see how rewarding life is. Your mental health is important and nothing can replace that 
Great post thank you for sharing this and so glad you are doing well! One thing it brought to mind for me was that for sure stopping drinking did not solve all of my problems. But it solved one of my big problems which was that I was drinking!  
Awesome. I hit 50 days today  too! 
Well done!!   50 days is tremendous   It sounds like you have worked really hard for this. Don't worry about the chocolate brownies - I'm eating my own body weight in cheese at the moment! 
Fellow 50 dayer here! High fives all round!
This is inspiring. And as a 43-year-old woman who has tried the "moderating" thing several times in my life... it just doesn't work. If it did I would not be here would not have 2 DUIs and all the other shit that has come from being a raging alcoholic since age 14 including a period of homelessness. I've REALLY really tried it and taken it seriously and it's still never worked for more than a month at most...Stay sober. I hope to as well and I believe life will be better for us if we do.
