-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87frrs/well_heres_to_a_new_day_one/

Well about two weeks ago I turned 21 and posted on here about how life was finally starting to look up and that I would not drink. ..From previous posts I have a bad history with an ex who basically used me to make herself feel better while not sharing those feelings back or at least faking it until she was done with me. Happened a few times. Self esteem was shit drinking became a problem rinse and repeat. ..Two posts ago I came clean with everyone here told them all the shit I did. Was very hateful to myself. Talked about how shitty of a person I was and am to drive blackout drunk all the shit I did. People reached out to me and I was finally starting to see the light...Some random person reached out to me and I felt like I finally had found a person I could confide in and it was great. We talked for hours about life and the world around us. Despite being opposites on the political spectrum I found a friend. ..She talked me out of going to a college church retreat where that ex of mine would be. And I put that ex out of my mind. Was like a weight was lifted off of my shoulders. But then that weekend I told myself fuck it! You've got this!! Who cares if you see your ex! ..Long story short I did care. Things happened and I ended up driving to the liquor store and bought a shit ton of boos and came back and drank. And drank. And drank. Texted this new friend of mine and she wasn't happy with me. I disappointed her. I know she is still there for me but after I drunk texted her things haven't been the same. ..That weekend goes by really shittily but it goes by. Was ready to type my I failed post here but then I didn't. I traded posting on here for a bottle. And it kept happening. I'd come here and was ready to vent but never did. ..St Patrick's day rolls around and a friend asks me to come visit him. I was gonna stop drinking and be the DD for them while also having fun. Friend asked me to buy him Guinness wasn't planning on drinking it but wanted to help my friend out. Ran into my ex and her mom at the store. Quite awkward. Her mom is fucking awesome sweet and hell beat cancer and still is very kind to me. But still awkward. ..I moved past it didn't care just wanted to see my friend. Got to his place and started watching movies. Went on tinder since it was a new area and also I'm a lonely fuck who doesn't even message the girls anyways. But the first person I saw on there was my ex. Was curious as to why she was the first to pop up but I looked at her profile. ..It was a shared profile of her and her boyfriend looking for a third partner in sex. While it's none of my business what she does in bed or what she does in life but that hurt me. Seeing someone who told me she couldn't handle a relationship go from that to threesomes just confused the fuck out of me. Made me so mad I decided to drink. And drink. And drink. ..Night goes on I don't remember much of it. Apparently I broke into an abandoned house with some friends and almost burnt it down. So yeah. I'm a fucking idiot when blackout drunk. ..Every night since I would drink till it put me to sleep. That friend and I haven't really talked because we both have personal issues we're dealing with but it feels like I lost someone when I know I didn't. I just don't have someone else who understands what I'm going through. ..So I've been lying to myself this past month and to this subreddit. So I apologize. I apologize to my friend if she ever reads this. I am sorry that I broke and didn't come to you. I hope you all forgive me. I'm still struggling but I will not drink with you tonight. No more lies no more hiding it. ........Tl;dr seems like my ex is always the catalyst for my drinking. Was a few weeks sober when I turned 21 and everything was fine until you added her. Shit happened a few times and caused me to drink a lot. And then I also did a lot of shit when drunk. ..Made an amazing friend from someone here and just as quickly as we became friends I ruined it with my self destructive tendencies.  Hoping she'll forgive me. I want her back in my life even if it's just someone to talk to.  But I will not drink with you tonight!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Also don't know if it makes me a shit person to say that my ex is the cause for my drinking. But when I see her now or think about her it hurts and I want to drown out that pain with drinking. Yeah I drink when I'm depressed too but she seems to be the biggest reason. ..Sorry if that makes me an awful human being. 
Is she the reason or an excuse ? You seem to know that drinking causes some shit stuff in your life . Been there and trying to break the habit myself  . Drunk keeps the feeling on stage  sober lets you conquer them . Slowly but surly . 
For most of us this is not our first time quitting. I cannot count the number of times I have slipped up because I was running from my emotions. Yesterday I chose the post over the bottle and it helped me more than I had imagined. Vent all you need whatever helps to keep you from drinking. I will not drink with you today!
