-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87fzmp/moving_back_home_for_first_time_intentionally_in/

Like many of us here I've been working a decent paying job and dealing with the peaks (relatively sober days) and valleys (first thing I think about in the morning days) associated with drinking. Again as is the case with many of us I struggle to realize exactly where it all started but definitely know where it can end...I've told only a couple of people the place I've been in for the last few years and barely lead on to a few others without explicitly telling them...mostly because I've actively lost contact with them. Every time I try to move forward from it I compartmentalize things into a "just don't drink during the week" kind of mentality which lasts for sometimes a long while (going to the gym regularly losing weight feeling pretty good etc.)...From the outside many would say I'm fine but I know better than those many. Unfortunately as much as I try to fool myself I know I'm just setting up new rules and boundaries for my bad habit instead of going right to the center of it and defeating it...By some sort of act of god two of my three other roommates decided to move out and get a new lease together (Manhattan) at the beginning of the next month. Instead of trying to gather together new roommates I've decided to move back in with my dad not far away in New Jersey. Because of the artificial distance from NY to NJ and my reluctance to let him into the personal aspects of my life he doesn't know the whole story. I'm lucky that he has gladly accepted me back into my childhood home. I hope that that accountability will help to set me on the proper track...Long story short...I need this to be the check on my life. the check on myself. The check on my ambitions if I was to become the person I thought I could be when entering my 30's...I just need a reset and recognize that I definitely need help. I desperately don't want to waste yet another year. Thank you to all in this sub -- I think we all lurk a long time before realizing that it's our time. It is my time. I'm sorry for all that I've hurt and I hope to be better today tomorrow and for the rest of my life.
----------immediate responses--------

I recognize the feeling of "wasted years". I am 28 and I expected to be further in life by now. So many hours wasted drinking being hungover and recovering. But we are still young. We should be glad we have a wake up call right now instead of wasting another 10 years. I only stopped drinking recently and I already feel like I can handle life better. I see progress everyday and can't wait to see where I am in a year without drinking. I wish you the best of luck and remember to take day by day. ..IWNDWYT!
Moved back home about 6 months ago to sort out my life and get sober. One of the best decisions I have ever made. I hope it is for you too.
Hi there.  I'm as old as your dad.  I'm very proud of you for the steps you are taking to turn your life around.  Don't be too hard on yourself. You have a very bright future ahead of you.  It takes a lot of courage and strength to change our lives around no matter what our age.  I wish you the very best in your recovery.  You can do this!
You can do this. I also had to move back in with my parents. Something that helped me was thinking about how happy I was before I started drinking around 16. I loved to read - so I went back to that. I loved to walk the dog for hours - so I did that again. It helped to picture myself and how happy I was because I really was truly happy before I found the fake happiness of booze. I also used to (and still do) love video games. I'm going to get an awesome setup when I have my own place with all the money I've saved. I was a $10 6-pack per night kind of guy so I think I've even saved enough already. 
