-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87gjgn/on_keeping_a_clean_home_in_order_to_relax_and/

I like a clean home.  But when I'm drinking I pretty much let it slide  especially since we have a 3 year old and things are just gonna get messy no matter what. My mother in law also helps w day care which is awesome  and very helpful.  Unfortunately she's really messy.  I'm used to coming home to a house in shambles and having a few drinks in me or a half pint stashed away would always take the edge off... Sometimes I just don't get how things end up in such a sty. When im on daddy duty I'm fully present with my kid and we'll make a mess but I always get things back in order. ..Relapsed a few weeks ago after a 5 week run longest sobriety streak in years! Now been sober for two days and spent most of the evening cleaning.  Because I had the energy  motivation and it felt good to get things in order. Wife was not pleased even tho it only started after my kid's bedtime. ..I just want to have a clean home so I can relax and think straight.  Clothes and books and papers everywhere  dishes piling up dog tracks... makes me want to drink so I can stop caring!!!   ..Kinda sucks that when I'm sober and actually take some initiative to get things in order I come off as a vibe killer. Guess I need to work on finding a happy medium. ..Something ill work out. Just needed to vent.
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience having clean surroundings can have a really positive effect on my sobriety. I was just saying in a different topic how pristine my house is now and that has extended to my own personal hygeine now I am sober...Taking pride in something that you previously neglected is fantastic. Whatever works!
I'm not sure where you live but most cleaning ladies are pretty reasonable. Even if you hire one to come in twice a month i bet it will be less than what you would have spent on alcohol. 
I just came to say I know exactly how you feel. Yesterday I was wondering if others had this trigger and were in a situation where their loved ones are a bit messier. It seems so stupid to me that a messy house is a reason to start drinking but it is exactly how you describe:" makes me want to drink so I can stop caring!!!" ..I feel you man.
Ive been having that exact issue with my roommates. Id get really bad anxiety when i come home and the house is messy and the dishes stacking up. I talked with my roomies but that didnt help so now im working on just acceptance and letting go. I know it sucks having a dirty place but its not anything to let ruin your day.
I'm the same way. It's honestly part of the reason I drank so much. It's really disheartening to work your butt off cleaning the house only to have disrespectful people mess it up and leave the mess for someone else to deal with. When I take the time to clean all the piled up junk off a surface and dust I'd like it to stay clean! Like just because I'm the female or the mother I'm supposed to be the maid?? Nope! I work too! I have hobbies and fun things I'd love to spend time doing if I ever had the time! My annoyance and anxiety has ramped up quite a bit in the past 10 sober days because the clutter piles make me feel claustrophobic and overwhelmed. I can keep up with the day-to-day chores but the junk piles really bother me...Sorry trigger rant. With all this newfound energy I'm going to completely declutter the entire house. Anybody who leaves stuff piled around is either going to clean it up or find it donated to the charity thrift store. I'm tired of living like an apathetic hungover slob.
