-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87i3t0/dont_give_up_the_fight_life_gets_easier_and/

I just wanted to drop a note to those who are struggling and just starting out.  I never thought I could function or enjoy any aspect of my life sober.  I knew I had a problem - and I tried "moderating" for years and years...and failed over and over again.  When I finally went to an outpatient rehab went to SMART meetings and entered therapy.  The beginning of the journey SUCKS!  I would get into bed at 8pm and just wait for the next day. I thought this sobriety thing is no way to live.  Give it time - give it a chance and you will realize that this drinking way is no way to live.  Every aspect of life has improved and the biggest reward is knowing that I am not modeling this destructive behavior to my daughter...like it was modeled to me.  Stay strong and ask for help - sobriety is the best gift you can give yourself.  I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this. Re-starting out again after failed moderation. Breaking the destructive cycle today!
Well said totally agree
It really is the best gift to give yourself.  How was getting over the one year hump?  Was it a new reinvigorated joy/motivation to keep going or was it kind of weird? Like maybe you thought about trying moderation or something like self-doubt on doing another year?
Thanks for this.  I struggle a bit with the "boredom fear" that things will just not be as fun without drinking.  I realize it will get better...but that voice in my head can be a pesky S.O.B.
Thanks for this. Needed it early in the game! 
Thanks from me as well. I am just approaching a month of sobriety and it has not been tough until now. I'm depressed and beginning to wonder if it's worth it necessary etc. I know it is and I knew this moment would come. But your popping up this morning with your 428 days was just what I needed to start the day in a better frame of mine. Thanks again! IWNDWYT.
Thanks for this great reminder!
This was a motivational read for sure. I'm also glad I'm setting a better example for my son. Thank you 
Thanks for this. I've not stopped yet but I'm in the process of seeking help. ..I made a call to a Recovery team today only to be told after several attempts failed/rang out to try again tomorrow as the referral team had finished for the day. Pretty demoralising after I'd worked up the courage. ..Back at work tomorrow too so hope I can get through during my 45 min lunch. 
Good to know thanks! I'm still in the go to bed at 8PM mode just to survive another day more often than not. 
I used to get a fear reaction when I thought I'd never drink again.  Now that's just my reality. I'm the happiest I have ever been. ..Just wish I quit when I realized it was a problem and not when shit hit the fan and I almost lost my SO. 
I'm right there: "get into bed at 8pm and just wait for the next day". I know I'm early in sobriety and that my body is recovering so I'm not getting too down on myself for it. My energy is no where near where I want it. I've gone to the doctor for some blood tests just to rule out anything else.
This post is exactly what I needed to see right now. I'm beginning my journey in a week and I've saved this post as a resource. Thank you.
Thank you.  I have been fighting extreme boredom the past few days.  I have been getting home from work and praying for the day to just end so I can go back to work and not have any more free time.  I am beginning to desperately miss my formal social drinking life.  
Thank you so so much for this. 
I'm almost 90 days in and it's still not unusual for me to get in bed and wait for the next day. I don't know if this is still considered early sobriety but I'm struggling something awful right now. It just doesn't seem doable. I'll hang in for the next 24. I have a presentation for work tomorrow so I kind of have to.
IWNDWYT
Thank you so much for writing this today.  I needed to read it.  Thank you!
Can confirm!  Well said.
Really needed to see this today. I'm 4 days sober and last night I thought to myself... what am I going to do this summer when it's nice out and I get home from work? I won't be able to have a delicious cocktail and soak up the sun.. I got really nervous and almost felt like I was having a panic attack. 
I love these posts. They always seem to arrive when I most need them! Thanks.   
I totally relate to the modeling for my daughter re: life as the way it was modeled for me by my own mother. I also understand the going to bed at 8 pm waiting for the next day to come. When will that behavior get better I wonder? I just can't hang out past 8 pm. Mentally I am just so beaten down with my thoughts. Daytime I am fine have energy but when I get home I just want to throw in the towel.
I mean I get your sentiment but as an autistic person whose problem started due to using booze as a social crutch I now face the prospect of a solitary life and honestly no amount of encouragement is going to change that.
Thank you guys so much! I needed to see this today   .IWNDWYT!..
PREACH it !!!ALL SO TRUE!!!!!
Very well said.  Sometimes depending on how things got we want everything to be fixed and okay right away and that is not always the case...I hope today I have not done enough damage that I still can limp off of these last several months without a ton of lasting social consequences.  Sure some of that stuff was dumb and foolish and sober Paul never would have done it but it's not too late to quit and keep on truckin' forward...Fortunately I live in a big area and can kind of move on from that stuff unless pressed but god has it been eating me up inside.  Like wtf man...what were you thinking!?
