-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87jw9h/relapsed_after_6_months_sobriety_battling_the/

The title says it all. I was sober for 6 months and a few weeks ago I got the idea in my head  well if they can do it why can't I . I moderated for a while. Then that crashed and burned for a 9 day bender. I'm on day 1 feeling all the terrible feels I know too well. My husband is so disappointed and I hate that I hurt him. I feel this disconnect from my kids again. Not that they know the extent but kids are smart and know when things aren't right. I'm taking my mom on a trip to DC for her 60th bday in 2 days. We've had it planned for months. I'm dreading the process of feeling better and the anxiety finally going away and that's in an airport or on a very well planned and trip we've been so excited about. My mom started going to al-anon which is great for her. She's worried about me and I don't blame her. I made an appt with a treatment center the day after I get home to have a chemical assessment done and whatever treatment they suggest I am willing to do. This disease is tricky and crippling if you let it sink back in and not fight for your sobriety as a priority. Anyways. Just needing to write this out and talk. I haven't had much communication with my family except concern so hurtful words (rightfully so) and it's hard to say anything but how sorry I am (again ). So here's to moving forward again and hopefully getting that clear head back sooner than later. I'm a much happier person when that's around. 
----------immediate responses--------

Look!!! You can't control your past. The only think you can fix is your future going forward. Please don't beat yourself up. You have to try to forgive yourself before others will! 
don't dwell on the relapse - it is part of the package with this affliction.  What is important is you see that it was something you don't want to do again and you are working on it.  You can do it!  Your mind is in the right place and you are making the effort - that's what is important.  .  .Be gentle with how you think about yourself.  You are good and you are doing good things.  
You rock for coming back and looking for help. Six months is huge and having a relapse doesn't negate that amazing accomplishment. 
Thank you all for your kind words. I think the physical and mental pain that go into recovering after a bender are horrible and make it difficult to speak kind words to myself. But I'll get there. Just needed to write this down and be accountable for this. 
Having stopped and started many times it was helpful to me (and maybe to those around me) to do some analysis about what led me to decide to drink--the really specific situational circumstances present at that moment of decision--and work on really specific ways to deal with those circumstances in the future. By specific for example I noticed that sometimes I was hungry as the day ended at work and as well needed to pick up something to cook for dinner on the way home. Bingo--grocery store beer aisle bottle of wine done. My specific plan: Grocery shopping in the morning before work so no stopping on the way home; and have a snack at work to eat in the late afternoon--fruit energy bar chocolate. ..I'm all in favor of taking the big steps--planning for an assessment as you have getting help in general--but I also believe greatly in the small immediate steps that make me immediately take personal responsibility for what happened and the power that I have to make changes. I could at least sometimes anyway turn a lapse from a failure into information and change. Helped with the shame and humanized it. This is hard. Mistakes may be made. ..I wish you well. ..
Thank you for coming here and telling this story it helps me to remember I need to stay vigilant and never let myself start thinking I've got this under control. I hope you can start to feel better and enjoy your trip this sounds like it was a really tough lesson but I'm sure you'll grow and learn from it. 
I couldn't maintain sobriety without lots of help. A therapist and AA gave me the tools to build a sober happy life. ..What are you planning to do differently so this doesn't happen again? 
You're back that's what counts. Today today. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
I did very much the same except my relapse after 4 or 5 months last september through sunday...I'm on Day 2 you can do it
The important thing is that you are here being honest with yourself with your family and sharing with SD.  Don't give up we are with you! 
