-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87om4c/i_got_caught_stealing_for_my_disease_and_i_dont/

So obviously over the last few years my drinking and eating disorder have been absolutely out of control. I've kind of shared a bit about both of my addictions here in SD but what I failed to mention is I had been using my work credit card to feed both of my addictions. ..I work in a very sensitive position as an integral part of a family. My job is one that requires love trust and total devotion to this incredible family that has done nothing but treat me like one of their own. I have been living the last three years of my life knowing fully that I have been using my work card to buy food and alcohol to the tune of 10000+ dollars to feed my addictions. ..I knew that one day I would be caught today was that day. ..I don't know what I expected but I didn't expect what happened. I came clean to my boss who is like a mother to me and told her that I have been struggling with both my eating disorder and alcoholism. She teared up which isn't something I had ever seen her do and as she explained to me the weight of my fuck up (we're talking felony grand larceny theft etc) she told me the only reason we weren't sitting in front of the police station having this conversation is because she knew how much I loved her family and that my fuck up was all because of my addictions. ..I was given a second chance to repay the people I love the most for using their trust to feed my disorders and disease. I have spent the day riding the line between feeling confident that I will repay them this atrocious amount of money within six months and feeling like I should just end it all (no no plan no actions taken - just feeling like an epic piece of shit). I feel like the biggest most disgusting undeserving pile of garbage and all I want to do is make this right. .I am so sorry to my bosses to my friends and to my own body. How could I let myself spiral this far down?..Have any of you ever struggled with fucking over the people you love due to your disease? How did you overcome it and how did you rebuild that trust? I know that the only thing I can do is work three jobs go to meetings and get my fucking life together but god it hurts so badly right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

You spiraled down because alcohol is addictive. It's happened to all of us. You can rebuild their trust and respect by rebuilding your life. As for overcoming the addiction seek out as much help and support as you can. Maybe meetings will help you but have friends and family be people that you can turn to in times of darkness. Of course everyone here will always love and support you too.
You do deserve it. You do! I think that the biggest challenge to me in your situation would be drinking again out of the sheer weight of the guilt. But you have a second chance and people with tremendous faith in you. That is deserved; trust them on that perhaps not yourself for right now. You will grow into that place of self-trust as I have but it takes time. In the meanwhile let their strength see you forward. 
Oh man you guys my boss just text me to tell me to come to her with my treatment plan and plan on having a weekly one on one with her to check in on my progress. I just.. I cannot feel worthy right now but I love them so much.
This addiction is powerful friend. Be kind to yourself. You can heal and be happy. One moment at a time.
What an amazing loving and wonderful supportive boss. You are an amazing person and deserve this chance. 10K may seem impossible right now but if you think about it could be very doable. If you cut out what you have been spending on booze and looking for cheaper food options you can begin to pay down the debt right away. 
I'm awestruck by the humanity of their reaction to this.  How amazing and beautiful OP.  It makes my heart grow 5 sizes to hear about their faith in you.  Bless their hands.  ..It took big ones for you to admit this to them.  You did the right thing regardless of the consequences.  What a courageous story all around keep us updated we are all looking forward to a happy ending.  I admire your action today.  Well done.  Bravo!  IWNDWYT 
Of course you deserve a life after what happened. You're not garbage. It's understandable that your employer is angry and it's wonderful that you want to make things right. If you have a lawyer you can talk to that might be helpful in giving you an outside perspective. What you did was wrong but it's not worth throwing your life away or your sobriety away or even the next six months away. We all make mistakes I'm sure your boss has too so I hope soon you won't feel like you're garbage compared to them or anyone else.
