-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87ptr0/more_progress_than_perfection/

Full disclosure I stole the title of my post I read it on a chat for people who want to stop drinking but it fits my mood better than anything I could have made up so there you have it...I'm back back from a 2-3 week bender (I can't remember the specifics) back at day 2. I can't keep doing this to myself but at least my relapses seem to be getting shorter and everytime I do relapse I can't escape from the nagging feeling that what I'm doing is wrong. ..I feel different on this run through...I've had runs where I felt super pumped that I was doing this runs where I was so depressed with my lifestyle I had to quit. Runs where I was angry at the world and the people in my life for forcing me to quit...Today I don't really feel anything about it. I just know I'm not drinking. Anyone else ever have that? Like an absence not that I'm demotivated more like I just don't care that I'm not drinking today. Maybe I've just been here too many times? I don't know I'm not a psychologist...I'm going to try and make some sober friends this time I don't know how but I'll try. I might go to as meeting but I want to see if I can break the 7 day mark first...Good luck to you all today...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Why wait until day 7 to go to a meeting? If it's helped before use it. You got to use everything you can to get out of the blocks. Good luck   IWNDWYT
Keep going go to a meeting if it will help come back here everyday for encouragement. Just know we are here for you! Every day each minute you need support..It is so worth it.
Sports is a really healthy environmentto make friends and you're likely to meet people who don't drink i think..get your sports on :)
"More progress than perfection" is a paraphrase of the thing they read at the beginning of most AA meetings..."We are not saints. The point is that we are willing to grow along spiritual lines. The principles we have set down are guides to progress. **We claim spiritual progress rather than spiritual perfection.**"
