-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87r4er/im_done_with_alcohol/

This is it guys. Last night I went on a binger when I completely intended not to. I just can't control my drinking. For a few months now I've been thinking of giving up on alcohol because I just cannot be responsible with it. Sober I'm a nice caring creative person. I don't drink during the day. But once the night comes along and I get that craving... Man something changes. Alcohol unleashes a monster within me only wanting more and more and more. There's just no control anymore. Like I become a different person. I'm tired of being that person. This is the last fucking hangover the last time I don't get things done because I was irresponsible last night. I'm getting married in may. And I goddamn want to be the nice caring person my girlfriend deserves. She's had to deal with enough of my shit I don't want to burden her anymore. She works her ass of whilst I'm being the jolly asshole in a bar. No more!..I also thinks it's because of ADD that I can't control drinking. Fuck this disease and everyone who thinks it's some kind of superpower! A goddamn demon is what it is. ..I'm glad I found this subreddit. Thank you guys for being here. Reading all this makes me not feel alone in my struggles. I really appreciate that...As you've propably guessed I'm angry. Like really really angry. At myself at the world at my goddamned ADD. I want to take control. Work on those dreams my soon to be wife and I have had for years. I'm sorry I have to vent like this but I just can't help it...God-motherfucking-dammit!..Edit: I'm sober by the way. Very angry and very sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Thankfully you're not the only one around here who's tired of being the person they were when they were drunk. ..I hope we all get to hear updates of you progressing towards your dreams with your wife :)
Alcohol is an addictive drug glamorized by marketing. It really is poison and there are no benefits from it. Just read a great book on it. ..All we have to do not take first drink. Sounds so simple but easier said than done. ..IWNDWYT 
Glad you're here. I just joined yesterday and reading and posting has already helped me. Hey I didn't drink last night. I think some anger towards what wants to destroy us is appropriate. Thinking of you today...
I'm with you. I am SO FING SICK OF THIS. I had Zero alcohol the past 48 hours and I feel AMAZING! 
