-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87r6pn/my_story_now_fully_committed_to_changing_my_life/

Hey guys...As a year long lurker I just wanted to share my story since I've read so many others that have given me insight and understanding of my addiction...For about 4 years I have been struggling with severe anxiety-issues along with undiagnosable chest pains and stress. I've been in and out of hospitals and psychiatry trying to find causes and treat my pain and anxiety but it's taken a very long time for me to find the right balances of medicine meditation and mindset to have it actually help...During this time I developed an unhealthy relationship to alcohol. It started with me realizing that alcohol would help me relax. I would drink with friends every once in a while and marvel at being able to forget my constant fear of dying feeling happiness and being able to lie down in bed without panic and shooting pain in my chest...Drinking was perceived as the best cure for my problems so I started also having a drink alone when my girlfriend was out with her friends. It felt okay since it was still on weekends and she was also drinking...However somewhere during this time (I don't remember exactly how it happened and when. That's how much it sneaked up on me) I started having a drink on weekday evenings too. My girlfriend goes to work really early so she goes to bed really early and I just figured that I could sleep without worry if I had a drink after she went to bed. Also it felt great to forget about my problems for an hour or two before sleeping...Along with stresses in my studies (Computer Science Physics and Math) I started needing this relief more often and I soon drank atleast 4-5 days a week and I felt the need to drink more and more...Some time last summer I realized the extent of my problem and the fact that drinking no longer solved my problems but rather worsened them and added other problems on top of them...Some of the things that suddenly caught up to me:..* Instead of waking up rested I would wake up with horrible anxiety due to my body trying to handle the massive amounts of alcohol I drank..* I had started hiding my drinking from my girlfriend finding places to quetly stash my bottles of beer and liquor before going to bed and trying all kinds of gum mints and mouthwash to hide the smell..* When drinking I only sipped the first few minutes after that I was trying to chug it down as fast as possible to get as much numbing effect as possible..* I found it difficult to not think about drinking when I was sober. I was always longing for the evening to come so I could lull my girlfriend to sleep and head for my hidden liquor-cabinett..* I favored drinking alone rather than drink with friends since I could play games watch movies and porn and just revel in my own high..* The cost of buying alcohol was beginning to eat up a sizeable chunk of my savings...All of this made me want to change and get sober. Since then I have been trying to get sober with mixed results on and off slowly getting to a better place with it. To get there I have mostly just relied on sheer willpower fear of dying or just the fear of loosing my girlfriend and becoming a bum in the park. It has been really tough...Now I'm still not completely free of my addiction but my resolve to change is getting increasingly better and each time I slip and fail to stay sober I've managed to hold out longer and longer so I believe I'm on the right track and I'm no longer in a life-threatening spiral of drinking every day so I'm really happy about that. :)..Last weekend I slipped up and drank after being sober for a month and I felt awful about it. But I know that it was just that a slip-up and I'm not a failure because of it. I hope that sharing my story gives me a bit of extra strength to stay determined and sober going forward....Right now I have a determined mindset to improve my diet through places like r/nutrition r/healthyfood r/fitmeals and I've started going to the gym again hoping to get in shape and improve my quality of life...I'm also getting married in july and my innermost hope and goal is to get as sober and healthy as possible until then so that I can start my married life to the fullest and start a family on a good foundation of healthy habits (And of course continue to improve my health)...So yeah that's my recent story and current situation..I hope you all have a great day! I will not drink with you tonight :)..edit: changed some formatting.
----------immediate responses--------

Your list could have been my list.   ..Keep trying! It sounds as if you have the right mindset to succeed. 
Dude your future sounds awesome :) Looks like you're making this decision at the right time. You're very welcome here and i look forward to more of your posts. Congrats on being awesome buddy..
&gt;drinking no longer solved my problems but rather worsened them and added other problems on top of them..Yep.  Sobriety fulfills alcohol's hollow promises...You might be interested in looking at Kindling Effect...Congratulations on your education and approaching nuptials!
This is such a great post so thorough and thoughtful.  It seems like your alcohol use started off innocently and then went wrong.  It really speaks to how addictive alcohol is.  Congratulations on your upcoming marriage!  I was sober at my wedding and it's almost 19 years later and he was the best decision of my life.  This sub is my mainstay and it keeps the wind in my sails.  I bet you will benefit from being here and sharing and commenting!  It's good to have you in the game.
I'm trying hard to live a completely clean life too. Eat healthier no drinking and even cutting out porn. I'm sure you heard of noFap. Binge drinking is really bad but so is watching porn for several hours..I hope my new very clean lifestyle makes me calmer happier and able to respond to stress on my own. 
Try aa. I have the same story as you . AA has helped me stay sober over a year. It works 
