-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87w0h7/struggling_today/

I feel like I've really shown myself I can stop if I want to ..which is how I'm justifying this and am teetering on the edge of going to my local bar. I miss the social and am craving really bad.  I feel like I want to have my  last hurrah  with alcohol before I give it up forever. ..Ugh :(
----------immediate responses--------

Play the tape forward. Remember your last bad drunk and realize you have a worse one in you.
&gt; I feel like I want to have my  last hurrah  with alcohol before I give it up forever...Say you do drink. Then you get sober. Next time will you go for a "last hurrah". If you keep thinking like that you will keep relapsing and never stay sober. I had so many "last days". It was always tomorrow. Eventually I had to decide "I'm done forever." I don't plan to ever drink again. There will never be a "last hurrah".
Did this just come up today? Is there anything in particular causing a bit of FOMO? Are your friends out? Are the people at the bar really friends of yours? Or are you just looking for chill people to hang out with? ..If this is a new feeling today I would try taking it hour by hour go to bed early and see how I feel in the morning (nothing like a fresh-faced morning to remind me why I HATE drinking!). If it's been going on for a while now but not associated with missing actual friends having an actual hang why not try finding new hobbies to get into that have a social component? Board games fitness classes birdwatching whatever floats your boat! If you're missing your actual friend group why not organize a non-boozy activity together? ..Where is the desire for a last hurrah coming from? Whenever I get that feeling I think "is that actually me or is that my lizard brain speaking? Could it be the addicted part of me crying out for one more 'hit'?" Because for me one 'last hurrah' would probably end up with me passed out vomit in my hair hundreds of dollars of hard-earned money pissed away and having to start this beautiful journey all over again but from a much tougher place.  
Alcohol feels like an old boyfriend I want to see one more time to be sure moving on is the right decision. ..I've decided I'm going to sleep on it and go to bed early and see how I feel in the morning/tomorrow.  They don't say one day at a time for nothing and it's true I usually have a new perspective in the morning. ..I think my  pink cloud  feelings are going away. I was really excited and optimistic when I first got sober. I feel like somethings changed. I'm less motivated and feeling more cravings and a general down feeling. ..I have been saying things like  why can't I drink like a normal person  and generally just feeling down ..I've been putting out feelers to my boyfriend saying things like  gonna pick up some wine tonight lol  half joking (because of course if I was really getting wine I'd never tell him) just to see how he will react so I can gauge how disappointed he will be if I do. ..Struggling today for sure. Glad I can talk about it here tho. Big help for sure. ..
A Reminder 4 U:  I could have done one last hurrah every single day when I quit.  It's that easy to put it off.  .It's gotta start some day if it's going to start at all why not today?  I wont drink with you hows that for social!  
First there is no guarantee you will get sober again.  Seen it happen been to the funerals...Second if you need social try Smart or AA - or take a yoga class.
Two ways to look at it:  the best is ahead of you or the worst is ahead of you.  You can only choose one!..With 34 days behind you already I think I know which you will choose...IWNDWYT
