-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87xl40/hey_this_lifestyle_isnt_so_bad/

I haven't even thought of coming to this sub in quite a while but for some reason here I am today.  I used to check my badge # daily.  Figured I'd give an update..    .It was difficult at first. Quitting.  Sitting here right now I can't even believe it was so difficult.  This life is effortless now.  All it took was time and a desire to be a better person.     .    .I'm enjoying the benefits of sobriety.  I never wake up regretting something I said while drunk or ashamed of my actions.  Some of my friends don't even remember me ever drinking and I had known them and hung out with them before I stopped.  I've been dating someone for 2 years who has never seen me drink alcohol.  I've never felt like I owed an explanation and I've never had to give one.      .    .People are still surprised when I say I don't drink.  At this point I'm so confident in it that it doesn't even bother me.  I'm not ashamed.  I don't need an excuse.  I've gravitated toward other activities that bring me UP not DOWN.  I don't know how I got trapped in that hole.  I'm not the worthless person I (sometimes) thought I was.   .    .A few years ago I got a badge on this sub and only lasted a few weeks sober.  I came back over 400 days later saw what number I COULD'VE been at and decided I'd had enough.  It took about a year for me to feel completely free maybe more.  Now I don't even remember what that cage felt like.    .    .Everyone visiting this sub knows the struggle. It's difficult.  For a lot of people it's more difficult than I had it.  But from this side I can tell you that it's entirely worth it.  It will be gone and you will be stronger.  Fuck alcohol. ..Edit: Even my Reddit username of over 5 years was created just so I had an excuse when I would often post inflammatory things while I was drunk.  Now that I'm sober even when I post something serious I have to deal with someone saying 'username checks out'.  I hate drunk me.
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck alcohol.  Hey you confident SOB I'm proud of you!
Yeah screw that poison for heart mind and body.  You are doing great bro hope to be up there with you.
Thanks for checking back. It helps someone like me who really can't wrap her heard around a year or more even though I like what I see right now (most of the time). 
Thanks for this buddy. You really thought this one through ;)
Thank you for sharing this. It's very inspiring. You're a role model to us here now! 
