-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/885xjc/for_those_who_feel_like_they_cant_do_it/

I want to say this......I spent years and years in denial of my alcoholism. And when I DID realize I had a problem I thought well that's too bad because I am NEVER going to quit drinking. I exercised. I ate well. I even meditated. But I would NOT quit drinking. There was no way I would ever quit. ..Then when I finally considered the idea of not drinking I was TERRIFIED. Absolutely mortified at the thought. How would I possibly do it? I honestly honestly thought there was no way...But then....I told my GP. I found a therapist who specializes in addictions. I found this sub. I quit and started and quit and started and quit and started again. I read The Naked Mind. I educated myself about what alcohol does to the mind and body. I started meditating.  ..I also experienced heartache. I mourned the loss of alcohol (and still do). I got mad because I didn't know why I had to be "strong" when everyone else could drink. I got scared (and still sometimes feel that way) because it felt too overwhelming to think of a life sober. And sometimes I just went to bed at eight o'clock because I needed for the day to end...And it didn't happen overnight. The truth is that I've been dealing with this for years. But every step I've taken everything I've done even the setbacks have brought me closer and closer to where I am now. And I am SO so very happy now. I feel like I have been given a tremendous wonderful gift and I am never going back to how it used to be. What seemed impossible really wasn't. And that to me was a revelation. For so so long I believed the story I told myself -- that I couldn't stop drinking -- but the story was wrong...So....I guess I just wanted to say that for those of you who are struggling who really feel today like you just can't do it that you aren't that strong that one drink won't matter that goddamnit you're an adult and you should be able have that drink if you want it....just for today think it through again. Take a walk. Make a plan. Call someone you love. Post on this sub. Take a deep breath and say to yourself "this alcohol thing is a bitch and it's really tough but I can do this."..My heart goes out to each and every one of you and I send you my greatest wishes for strength and recovery. Be kind to yourself. You are worthy.....
----------immediate responses--------

How kind and generous you are.  All these sweet posts are making my eyes leaky. IWNDWYT
Mourning the loss of alcohol. Exactly. Wonderful post! I will not drink with you today 
Beautifully said. IWNDWYT.
Thank you. I am 50 days sober and needed this today. 
