-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/887wu8/moderation_really/

This last week I've tried to moderate. I didn't drink Sunday or Monday but had a couple glasses of wine Tuesday. I didn't get stupid but didnt feel amazing Wednesday morning. Had two glasses of wine Wednesday and quit after that bc I was tired and trying to be good. Tonight I am back in full on drinking mode.  I am in full panic bc I see the pattern evolving. I'm struggling SD and you guys have been a great gut check for me so far. I need tough love I think. ..As a footnote work hasn't been great and I deal with a lot of anxiety regardless of my drinking or circumstances. I have a work trip in two weeks that I'm looking forward to. It's my first solo business trip in 15 years! I'm hopeful that this training will also give me a leg up in getting into law school. But I'm scared about the amount of work to get my masters in legal studies and how to control my drinking while studying. Plus the tuition will be a big burden on my family which makes me feel guilty. Who has $25k lying around? I have a kid that's 4 years from college and I want to save for her but am also contending with my dream of an advanced degree and moving forward in my career. And SD she is incredibly smart and service driven (missions community service caring for others etc). She deserves a debt free education. And she's crazy smart - they had to come with a new individual math curriculum for her in 8th grade bc she is so advanced! ..I know this is a lot and if you've read this far you are a saint! I guess I want to say that even when I'm not active here I do follow everyone's progress and want you all to be amazing sober people. I think it's time I really decided if alcohol or higher education is for me. And also decided if it's worth investing in me now or my kid in 4 years. But goodness that's a damned if you do damned if you don't scenario! ..
----------immediate responses--------

Not a saint. Mostly heathen. Here we go... "Dood fuck your daughter." "Let her pay for her own schooling You come first right?" "Fuck your stupid family and schooling." "You make good enough money." "You deserve that drink right?" "You work so hard you deserve to get rid of that anxiety right?" ..That my friend is my personal view of the selfishness alcohol brought me. My interpretation of a pov of a bottle of you will. Thats the type of person alcohol made me. Everyone is different of course and I don't want to assume thats your mindset as well so please forgive me if I've crossed any boundaries. Thats about as tough love as I can muster here. The reality is the stresses and guilt won't go away infact if you continue to go through with it then its going to become alot more difficult.You can't be drunk/hungover if you expect to succeed with schooling esp that type of schooling. I mean I know I couldn't do that..... But the best type of forgiveness to yourself and others is a willingness to change behaviors that you find self defeating/destructive. You are already self aware to acknowledge of finding yourself in patterns. Ultimately its up to you to determine whether or not you want to stop. Regardless of your decision I wish you well.
It's true you get what YOU create like it or not...Example I want a healthy heart I stop eating heart artery clogging food...Thing is the brain gives you what you have been giving it for a while and enjoyed while eating it (pattern) hard to stop IF your brain recognized the action as something you enjoyed...It says well heart clogging food is the "norm" so this person MUST find it enjoyable let's keep going and get MORE...You can stop the pattern quickly ONLY by becoming mindful/ aware. Meaning if u want to stop eating heart artery clogging food next time you have it in your hands or take any action towards obtaining some......Ask yourself "what am I creating NOW?"..If you get the "bad" food you are creating more pain and adding to the pattern your brain sees as the best soooo it will continue...If you don't get the "bad" food you are breaking the pattern and creating your initial want/ need which I'm sure gives you nothing but positive feelings hint no stress/ anxiety...This I'm using going forward such a POWERFUL feeling I'm the creator I get what I create...
Hey -- I appreciate all of the thought you've put into your post. I wanted to share a relevant personal anecdote: my mom abstained from drinking until I was 18 and left for college. She and my dad worked really hard to save up money and pay for my college education and I **so** appreciated that. .I know it must have been really hard for her since she comes from a big family of drinkers and abstained while all of her siblings were getting trashed at weddings and family events but she was always fun-spirited nonetheless. I know she's proud of herself now that my sister and I are out of college and having successful careers while our cousins are paying off debt and drifting through mediocre jobs. ..After we went to school she let loose and has been drinking and really enjoying her retirement and it's been fun to get to know that side of my mom as an adult! ..I guess what I mean to say is... there will always be time for wine later! I think you would be much more satisfied if you invested your time for both you and your daughter now. Even if you can't pay for all of her schooling because you've also paid for your schooling your hard work will be a positive influence on her and will show her how to work hard and she can probably make up the difference with scholarship money. It will really pay off and will make it so much more enjoyable when you can partake in alcohol later. Good luck :)
. If you stand with one foot in the past and the other foot in the future Matt all you do is piss on the present. ..  P.J. Parrish The Killing Song..Dude. Keep it simple. I find I need to (still) train my thinking to focus on today. What do I need to do what is the next right thing?..If I keep looking after today and don't drink (which is well within my ability) I know future standsure is on solid ground. ..Learning I couldn't moderate was an important step forward for me and my recovery. ..Have you considered an IRL support system - there's a bunch to choose from? 
I think it's risky to invest so much in your education if you aren't 100% committed and by the sounds of it your daughter might be more committed than you are. ..I'm only saying that because at the moment it sounds like you're committed to alcohol - which lets be honest I'm on day one here deciding that my commitment to alcohol is done and I'm focusing my commitment now on my career and its going to be hard but the pay off is going to be alot greater than any hangover or even any (extremely rare) proud moment where I've been able to stop at 2 glasses...Some of us cant moderate. I'm one of them. ..Anxiety is a huge huge side affect of alcohol which is so weird because we also use it to dull our anxiety (I am one of these people) .I fell off the wagon on holiday after 6 months of sobriety and one thing I am so looking forward to about the return of the sober me is when I get back to that feeling of not being anxious all the time and trying to heal my 4pm anxiety with a sav blanc. (that'll take about a week really)..It's all about changing your habits and yeah its great to put yourself first sometimes but put your sobriety first. You might even figure out a way where you and your daughter can win :) Good luck with it xx .
Lawyer here. By "masters in legal studies" do you mean a J.D.? Or do you mean you already have a J.D. and are looking to get a masters in law (an L.L.M.)?
Hey legit...try to relax on college worries for your daughter if you can. She sounds awesome and talented and driven and she will prolly get *scholarships galore* from colleges that will take the pressure off of you. Capitalize on her smarts. Take care of yourself too!..I will not drink with y'all today.   within   
