-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88ci2h/meltdown_in_las_vegas_nearly_killed_myself_this/

Hi /r/StopDrinking..This is an obvious throwaway account and also the first time I've ever seen this subreddit. I need some help. ..I'm a 22-year-old college senior who just took a Spring break vacation with my 21-year-old girlfriend to Las Vegas for the first time...I'm about to graduate with a degree I want nothing to do with (PR/media) and have been getting pressured from all sides of family/friends about what I'm going to do after I graduate. The thing is I don't know what I'm going to do nor do I want anything to do with public relations. Over the past 6 months I've felt an itching to travel and start with a blank slate and the pressures of that came out this week when I nearly killed myself...I love my girlfriend. She's amazing tolerates me and loves me to no end. She knows about this internal struggle and accepts me anyways but sadly we've have had some troubles keeping the spark alive lately. I have no energy can barely keep a conversation going and feel void on the inside unless I have a drink around me. So like any logical person we decided we should go to Vegas to let loose and perhaps gain back the energy I've lost...So now we're in Vegas and things are slow. Trouble happens when I go to a buffet where they're offering bottomless mimosas. I of course have 10 mimosas in about 2 hours and am feeling good ready for a day/night out. We continue onto the strip and continue drinking. Around my 12th or 13th things gets sloppy. We go back to the hotel room to change and I had a mental slip. I fell into a spiral of sadness and anger about my future how I've been feeling anti-social and lost control of my life. How I used to be a high achiever well known huge social group but am now on the fritz with everyone and can barely get out of bed in the morning. ..I mistakenly and unfairly take this out on my girlfriend. She did nothing to provoke this and suddenly I'm on the couch panicking about my future while she tries to reassure me that it's going to be fine. I crack open another beer she says I should lay off and this is when I put her in my target. I immediately begin to spout about how I hate her and how I wish I was single and I never loved her (all 3 not true). From there she begins crying and getting distraught with the situation. This makes me begin to have a combination of guilt anger and sadness. I began to fester around the room for something to hit myself with...At this point I don't remember much but from what the gf said I began talking about how I was going to throw a chair out of the window and jump etc.. I have never had suicidal thoughts like that let alone plans but do know that had she not held me back I would have gone through with them. ..I had hit rock bottom and my gf was able to coax me into bed crying and having a panic attack herself while I passed out. The following morning I woke up to her crying at 7 AM and knew it was bad. This was the first time I had ever done this and it felt so out of character I was having trouble believing I could do it but I did. ..We spent the following 3 hours discussing things and I told her about how my uncertain future is driving me up a wall. It was not an excuse to do what I did and I expressed so much sorriness to her about the whole situation. She's so much better than me- she forgave me and blamed it on the alcohol and told me she would support me no matter what. I'm so thankful for her...I'm terrified that I was an angry drunk and never want to live go through that situation again and now I realize I have brought myself to this situation with the help of the bottle. ..I'm not asking for advice but am needing to tell someone about this disaster of a vacation that I single-handedly ruined because I'm a dumbass who enjoys drinking and I have a major problem and dependency issue. It's fucked up my social circle taste in life and my degree. ..Thanks for listening /r/StopDrinking. ...
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
That sounds like a real skidmark of a weekend dude. Sad to hear that this has happened to you. Staying off the booze sounds like a good start this sub has been fantastic for me I hope it helps you too
I am so proud of you for taking the time to reach out on this platform. That says a lot!  This is a great place to get the support to stop drinking when you need it. ..I appreciate your struggles an I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!
You are brave to share your story. I'm sure a lot of us have similar stories we could share. 
Knowing there was a problem is where I started . ..Day 1..IWNDWYT 
Good on you for reaching out and having it written down. My brain normally forgets my stupidity as soon as I feel better and then I wind up going back out. But having something to look back on helps...I can commiserate a little. I spent last weekend in Vegas close to blackout pretty much the entire time. Drank an obscene number of drinks from when I woke up until I passed out. Blew an amount of money that embarrasses me to even tell totally anonymous people on reddit. Only positive is that I somehow stumbled onto my return plane...Finally feeling the least bit okay and it's been 5 days..The saddest part is that I knew exactly what was going to happen before I boarded the plane there. Still did it and now I gotta pick up the pieces..Don't drink. Bad things happen. Your health suffers you act in ways that you never would and you hurt other people. Let's keep the pieces together in the first place. I will not drink with you today!
Hey thanks for checking in here and sharing your story. sorry for the rough experience. i've had my fair share of near-blackout emotional outbursts too - often with loved ones bearing the brunt of it - and relate to this so hard. ..Reach out here if you ever need to vent and know there are strangers all over this sub rooting for you. as they say i will not drink with you today  
Read the book "quarter life crisis". It helps...You're struggling with a little depression (and maybe a little bipolarity). The booze isn't helping. Go see your doc and tell them some guy on the internet diagnosed you with depression. When they stop laughing at me they'll screen you for depression...
