-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88jbnt/the_speed_this_disease_operates_in/

I was feeling great. Had almost four weeks under my belt. Went on vacation with my SO in mid-March where I had openly planned a  temporary relapse . I held it together during the trip but slowly allowed myself to keep  temporarily relapsing  after we arrived home. .I don't feel the same kind of massive guilt I tend to read about on this sub after a relapse- in my mind I know this is something I will be facing my entire life. I'm not perfect. I don't focus on having a perfect lifetime-amount of sobriety because it will only turn me into an obsessive wreck. I focus on how I'm feeling each day and try to work with it. ..After my short stint of sobriety I'm beginning to see and understand how these slips back into cycles of drunkery and misery happen. ..Since allowing myself drinks for half of the month I have definitely noticed I have lost the feeling of power and livelihood. While sober I felt fucking awesome. My bodily cells and functions weren't constantly struggling to figure out how to get back to some form of normal. I didn't feel paranoid or anxious. Now I do. I feel guilty and weird all the time.  I question whether my boss likes me or not. I yell at the dog. I sleep in. I skip the gym. I get disappointed when I look in the mirror or try on clothes. ..So I don't sad about having to reset my badge. It will probably happen again. I do feel better knowing exactly what my options are now. I feel well-versed in what I can expect and why. It makes it so much easier to choose sobriety. It makes a normal happy life feel so much more possible. 
----------immediate responses--------

I wonder when will be my first slip. I think it's worse to deny the possibility of fail than to admit we are susceptible to it...But it will not be today =).
Thanks for the thoughtful post. I could relate to a lot of it esp. the way even moderate oroccasional drinking can blunt the life force. Enjoy your day!
Relapses can be part of recovery but in my experience don't view them as a necessity because I did that and continued to drink looking back I didn't really commit to being sober but just to be sober between relapses.  I. Hope this makes sense!!
&gt; It will probably happen again...Remember it doesn't have to if you don't want it to! You seem pretty clearheaded and honest about where you are with your relationship with drinking-- I'm just some rando on the internet but I get the sense you're in a good place to have a longer go at it (if you want of course). 
It took a bit of time for that switch to flip in my head from "I drink so what" to "I don't drink and am afraid I'll relapse". When the flip happens the path of sobriety begins. In the early sobriety after several relapses I found I was discouraged that I didn't have much sober time under my belt and also scarred that the relapse boogie man was somewhere up the future path. Over time I learned that life is like a song. I don't listen to music to hear just the beginning or the end I want the whole song. So I learned to live in the moment and appreciate where I am now good or bad and not focus on the past or on what may or may not happen in the future.
I find it easier to continue a binge than break a sober streak.  I have been battling for some years now and the relapses are horrible and defeating but we can do it!!! Stay strong!!
I had 8.5 months of sobriety in 2014 then relapsed until 2017.  My drinking habits and behaviors only got worse in that 2.5 year period.  Like most things in life we learn from othersbut ultimately we have to come to our own truth and what works best for us.  Take Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz.  She ran all over Oz asking everyone to help her find her way home. In the end she had the power to go home from the beginning...You will find your way to sobriety if you really want it...IWNDWYT.
