-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88ouu2/pink_cloud/

For those of you with a good amount of sober months/years under your belt when (if at all) did you start to experience a pink cloud? What are your thoughts on it? Even more importantly when did you stop  missing  drinking? I have the desire to quit drinking but I struggle with periods of longing for a drink and all I've been feeling lately is emptiness and anger. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Those feelings do disappear with time not sure I ever felt the pink cloud but the cravings and anger did eventually go so take comfort that you are looking at weeks not months or years. I'm not saying it's easy I still get down at the thought of not having that first glass and a general overall sadness a bit like when a relationship ends but I wouldn't trade the life I now have for my old one. Keep going I promise in a few weeks it will all be worth it
I felt pretty euphoric around the month mark think now that was my pink cloud. The sobriety felt easy and I was positive for the future. This last week has been a real struggle for me (heading into 90 days) some of the time thinking about getting to 100 is what's getting me through. But apart from this week I've started making small changes to my life to improve things. My depression which has dominated my life for years is lifting and I'm sure it's no coincidence it coincides with giving up alcohol. Home projects are moving again I'm thinking ( ) about taking up some exercise. I wish you every success it does get easier and the triggers less influential more manageable. 
My "pink cloud" hit me when I had like a week of sobriety.  I was on this high from not feeling like trash everyday and feeling sober finally.  After a while the feeling of being alcohol free started to feel normal and the euphoria wore off.  As for cravings I have 40 days and I still think about drinking alcohol sometimes but I rarely have the actual urge to go out and buy some beers or liquor.  I just remind myself of how crappy my life was when I was drinking and I know falling into a craving will only have bad results so I lose the urge pretty quickly.
I've been trying to get sober for two years and it's been very up and down - sometimes I feel great and sometimes really crap. ..This is the longest I've been sober. I had total pink cloud for months three and four - I looked and felt great and felt really upbeat and hopeful about everything. Unfortunately now I'm in a low spell. I suspect it will keep being up and down while I sort out my issues. ..In terms of craving I haven't had many since about six weeks I think. But as I said I was practising sobriety for two years before now and I had cravings pretty much through that whole time. But this time I was just really ready to stop so I haven't really missed the actual drinking. 
