-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88q6w8/what_do_you_enjoy_doing_on_a_night_of_sobriety/

Sobriety is right for me for a number of reasons. The trouble I have though is that I've always used alcohol to cope with boredom and loneliness so when I don't drink I struggle. I find I often don't know what to do on my nights of sobriety and end up just sitting around being indecisive until I go to bed...What do you guys do instead of drinking at night? Do you have some routine you follow? What keeps you sane and distracts you from caving in and drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

I tired to set up a night routine in early sobriety but it never really worked for me. In the early days the only constant was that I drank loads of fizzy water. Sometimes I would have a hot chocolate as a treat right before I went to bed. Distractions included doing yoga brushing my teeth and getting into bed really early and rediscovering how nice it is to read a book. ..I drank a lot because I was bored and lonely to. And those feelings remained present in sobriety also I just learnt to sit with them a bit more. .
First night is a tough one. The first few days are rough. To me there wasn't much I would do instead of trying to rationalize my situation and convince myself of the importance of what I was doing. Coping with withdrawal was a bitch too...On the nights of insomnia I'd be watching Netflix or YouTube in bed while wide awake. During the day I'd be working feeling like shit but decided to stay awake till bed time...But it gets better day by day. I'm currently on day 7 and it feels fantastic. Sleep is good no withdrawal. ..Hang in there IWNDWYT..
In the beginning I pretty much went to bed early. I was a bit far along tho in my alcohol use disorder..sleep had the benefit of restoring energy and keeping me sober. Once I got back to normal I picked up with some old hobbies and got serious on some work related ideas drinking me would never act on. Hang in there it does get easier. IWNDWYT!
What did I enjoy doing on the first night--nothing unfortunately! And there's nothing wrong with us it's just that you've removed a thing your brain was totally habituated to having in order to feel okay. It is *not* going to be super happy with you. It's going to tell you everything is boring without alcohol and that it will always be this way. But that's just what lame brains do when you take away their crutches. ..I dealt with the first days like a training at a new job--that shit is not fun and they often give you this stupid training wage even though you're working and anyway it sucks! But you do it because that's the deal and once you do it you don't have to do it again. I focused on supporting my body's repair--rest baths food water comfort. Just getting through the evenings. Little projects that occupy your hands help like puzzles or organizing or planting basil seeds but they aren't necessarily captivating right out of the gate...Then after a week or ten days I finally felt a bit better. I had little windows of time when I enjoyed myself. But the trick was not expecting that I could would or should enjoy any of the first evenings; that would have just lead to frustration and flouncing back out. It's hard to be patient! But soon the training is over and you never have to go over all this procedural crap again.
I got a part time job driving for Uber at night for a few months.. accomplished two goals... gave me a reason to stay sober ( Didn't want to drive other people around drunk) and made a little bit of pocket money. 
Play video games and goto bed early.  The two week prescription...Oh and go for walks if it's warm enough.
