-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88s6pe/a_tip_for_all_those_struggling_with_boredom_in/

In my opinion. There's no better feeling in the world than helping another person out. ...The smallest of good deeds done in the spirit of kindness will spark a glow inside of us that can last hours if not years. ...So if you're bored and struggling to find sober activities; go volunteer.  ...It could be as simple as knocking on your elderly neighbors door and asking if they need help with anything (shopping lift moving something heavy tech support)....Or reach out to an organization like your PTA or community center.  .Other places that are always looking for volunteers:...Animal shelters..National Parks..Suicide Prevention Hotlines..Food Pantries..Nursing homes (bring your pet/instrument etc)..Art museums ..Habitat for Humanity ..Schools...So why not give it a try?   Go get that feel good buzz.  in my experience it's a better high than drugs or alcohol.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Who said sobriety couldn't be fun...
National Parks is a real good one so is lifting weights. I can't even begin to describe how fucking boring my life feels now. Good post
Thanks so much for the post. This is fantastic advice.
Great advice thanks for posting this!
Thanks for the tips. It's true I just gave out muffins to a homeless man and my neighbor and it did help my mood. I am going to a magic show tonight :P I hope you have a good evening!
So sad that I was feeling a bit bored myself lately.  Wonderful post!  It is so true that we all certainly share so many feelings on this site.
Great post-- thanks. I had to smile as I was reading fast and at first read your first suggestion to help elderly neighbors with shoplifting moving something heavy or tech support. :)
There's a TED talk about the opposite of addiction being connection. ..That's some quality connection 
Great post! .Feels good to have an answer other then  drink' when someone asks what you do in your spare time. 
What boredom?
Animal shelters is a great one for me. I'm already a veterinary assistant and I love the ideas of helping more cats and dogs that need extra love and attention even for free! ..Thanks for the list. Good luck to you. 
For recovering alcoholic nerds on a budget I recommend checking out your local library. They've got a whole section of graphic novels at my branch plus a decent DVD/BluRay section.
Thanks for the ideas...
Wonderful advice!  There's nothing better than doing for others.  IWNDWYT!
I like these. I'd also throw out zoos pen pal programs for the elderly or deployed soldiers and grant/research writing. Also simply hitting your local bike/hiking trail with a trash bag and pair of gloves.
