-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88t87x/having_a_rough_time/

I hope it's okay for me to post this. It's long and negative and I feel guilty for that. This community is really my only support right now...My mom is one of my biggest triggers. We had a rocky relationship throughout my childhood and I moved out of her house to live with my dad when I was 15. We were estranged from that time until she moved closer to be closer to my grandparents. By that time I was old enough to drink. My mom always treated me more like a friend than a daughter. She has a routine of partying and dating 20-something year old men and getting herself in these ridiculous situations and then consumes herself with self-pity and has with this  woe is me  attitude after her choices inevitably come back to bite her. And ever since I was a child she has expected me to bear the weight of her problems. Whenever I used to try to come to her for support she'd always say something like "yeah it's like that time when *I* was going through blah blah blah" and she'd shift the conversation to be about herself. She could never be there to support me but I was always expected to support her. Once I was old enough to drink we partied together all the time and started to become closer. At least I thought. I told her many times that I had a problem but when I told her I finally got sober the first thing she said was "I'm sad that we can't go drinking together anymore." I'm sure it will come as a shock when I say once I got sober our relationship started going down the drain again. Sobriety made me realize that my mom and I got along when I used to drink because being drunk made it 10 times easier to deal with her bullshit. Thanks to sobriety and therapy I started to set boundaries...About 3 months ago my grandpa passed away. We were really close so it was very hard for me. Of course afterwards my mom would blow up my phone expecting me to comfort her and carry her grief while also trying to deal with mine. On top of that she would vent to me about how she tried to break up her boyfriend with 17 felonies after she discovered he stole $300 from my grandpa while he was on his deathbed and would bitch to me about how he was destroying her house refusing to move out and changed all the locks. He filed a protective order against her and then she filed one against him. Blah blah blah. I would be at work and suddenly I'd get like 8 text messages in a row from her about this garbage. It was just way too much. So one day I decided not to answer because I didn't want to condone her behavior. Later she texts me again with some passive-aggressive bullshit about my not answering. So I told her she was putting way too much on me and all the drama was hard to deal with. The next day she blows me up again via text except this time it's all about what a mean a hateful person I am how she's "always been there" for me and how she's embarrassed that I'm her daughter and embarrassed of who I've become. I let her have it after that and we haven't spoken since. When I was a kid I got myself out of that situation and proceeded to graduate high school and college enroll in law school graduate in the top 15% of my class pass the bar on the first try and have a job lined up upon getting my law license. I'm 26 years old and I work full time live on my own and pay all my bills. Not to mention I'm recovering from severe alcohol use disorder. So that's fine. She can be "embarrassed" of me all she wants...Anyway now it's Easter. I was planning on visiting my grandma today. She has dementia and is really struggling with my grandpa's death. Half the time she doesn't even remember he's gone. The other half of the time she gets really sad about it and says she's lonely. She's just sad and confused and it's heartbreaking. So I try to go visit her as much as I can. But that whole situation is stressful too because it destroys me to see her like that and also because my mom stays with her. I sent my mom a text that I was about to head up there just so there were no surprises. But it turns out they are out of state visiting with other family. A part of me was relieved but I was also frustrated that no one told me. I try to visit my grandma once a week even though she lives about 40 minutes away. I love her and she's done so much for me and I'd never forgive myself if I didn't spend some time with her before she passes. But the stress of taking that trip seeing the grief on her face and seeing my mom weighs on me every single day...Needless to say I'm having a hard time right now. Everything in life in general has been better since I quit drinking but nothing has really been fantastic. I have the rest of the day free because I had planned on visiting with my grandma and the sun's out for the first time in awhile and all I want to do it sit out somewhere enjoy the weather and just feel good for a change. All the things I usually tell myself when I am having urges like this are doing no good today. I just don't care right now. It's the sad honest truth...I don't know what I expect anyone to say. Maybe just by sharing this I can start to feel better. ...**TL;DR**: My mom makes me crazy and it's Easter and I'm depressed and all I want to do right now is drink.
----------immediate responses--------

I have only one thing to share with you - I realized that even if I drank when I woke up hungover  the next day my problems hadn't gone anywhere . ..IWNDWYT. 
Hi there don't feel badly about making a negative post. It makes me feel better to vent here too. I'm really sorry you are going through that with your mom and I'm sorry for your loss. It's super impressive to me that you're rising above anyway and recognizing how far you've come like paying your own bills being proud of your recovery etc....I personally have a really hard time praising myself but I am trying to change that. I don't have much advice to offer but you have my support IWNDWYT! I'll eep avoiding triggers setting boundaries and doing what is right for me.
Sorry you're struggling. Sending you an internet hug.
I've been having a rough time of it dealing with my parents &amp; family while trying to maintain my sobriety too. I hear you so loud &amp; clear on wanting to feel good &amp; get a quick fix just for a little while. It really sucks feeling like this &amp; the only thing that makes me feel any hope is that this too shall pass. I won't feel like this forever (even if it feels that way). I am not my feelings; I am just the observer of my feelings. Oh &amp; my therapist recommended a great book for folks like us: Adult Children of Emotionally Immature Parents. I started it this weekend. It has helped me to clarify &amp; compartmentalize my family's behavior. I still feel like shit about it but reading the book makes me feel like maybe there is a path away from the stress &amp; negative feelings that come from thinking about/ dealing with my family. Maybe it can help you too. Hope you find some peace soon
Have y'all u checked out Adult Children of alcoholics (ACA)?
This makes me sad for you and I can relate.  You know weighing the option of feeling good for a few hours not caring making a few bad jokes with strangers at a bar laughing to yourself saying  fuck it all!  then chuckling till you've had a full ab workout.  Yep especially when you can be hungover tomorrow like I could without it affecting my daily responsibilities.  Tick tock tick tock tick tock on and on.  That's why it takes more courage and strength to not make that decision.  Yes you're correct I guess it is the sad truth.  I have a similar situation with a parent.  No amount of meetings of any kind has sustained me.  The battle is tiring especially when you're successful in life and it's easy to look at things like you must have earned the right to have a bunch of drinks.  Sounds like you're a special person if you were able to accomplish all you have despite your circumstances growing up.  They beat me down.  I didn't have that kind of strength and focus until much later in life.  I'm 41 now.  Don't drink today.  I won't drink today.  I'll just feel what I have to and do the best I can.  We would just have to shelve the emotion until tomorrow anyway.  It's not worth it but again I get it.  Even though no two situations are the same.  God bless you.  Stories like this let us know we are not alone.  Thank you.  Happy Easter.
You can pick your friends but you can't pick your family. I think you're doing great FWIW. I can relate with not really feeling fantastic now that I'm sober.  What helps me is skydiving.  It's my jam.  Maybe you could try it.  If it's not something you want tod then I'd go out and try something batshit crazy. So far outside of your comfort zone that it shocks you and you forget about all of the family BS for a little while.  Maybe a trip to Patagonia. Maybe a Safari?  Anyway...IWNDWYT.  
