-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88u3sq/trying_out_moderation_trying_out_sobriety_unsure/

When I drink I drink too much. I don't drink too often; I can easily go weeks months on occasion without a drink. I don't hide my drinking; I don't drink alone; I don't drink during the day; I don't drink and drive. But when I do drink I drink too much. ....I know most people would say I should just quit. But I'm not there yet. Drinking rarely negatively affects my life; I haven't hit a rock bottom. But I'm scared that in the sporadic bouts of binge drinking I engage in I'll do something unfixable. I'm worried that I'll fall down the stairs while blackout or run into a coworker hammered and say something horrible or get into a fight with a friend.....I had a nice day yesterday but I drank too much. A beer at the first bar; two beers at the second bar; a beer with dinner; two glasses of wine at the show; two beers after the show. It just never crossed my not-sober mind that I should cut myself off that I should order a club soda instead of another drink. I remember closing our tab but then don't remember getting home. And that scares me.....I've had a rough year and I'm not ready to give up drinking. I want to feel "normal" again so badly and most of my friends are heavy drinkers and I've spent so much of my life addressing all sorts of issues I have from a fucked up childhood that I just know that not being able to do another thing I view as "normal" is going to be really hard and I'm not ready for hard. This part year has been too much hard and I've had to work so hard at self-improvement and rebuilding my life. I just I went through a shitty breakup a year ago and my life sort of feel apart. I didn't abuse alcohol as a means of coping initially. I actually barely drank at all those first few months. But I finally started being social again I've recently finally started climbing out of my hole of heartbreak depression and with that has come drinking too much. I've been a binge drinker on and off for years; I've had stretches of time where it was a problem stretches of sobriety where not drinking really didn't make my life better (several months of not drinking didn't help my depression years ago although it did enable me to dedicate myself to getting help for my depression so that was actually a good thing) stretches of being a fine moderate social drinker. Now its a problem again. My life would probably be easier in the end if I just went totally sober but I don't know if I have the willpower right now to change another part of my life.....I guess my question is I haven't tried any means of controlling my drinking other than brief stints of total sobriety yet. What tools are out there for tracking my drinking? How much is an "okay" amount to drink per week for most people? I just never pay attention to how much I'm drinking when I'm drinking; I think part of the problem is that sometimes I can have 6-7 beers while being totally in control and other times I drink 7 drinks and wind up blackout (well the main part of the problem is obviously that I'm having 6-7 beers in the first place). I never really have cravings for alcohol it's just that once I start drinking I just stop paying attention and I keep drinking. This is a general character trait for me... if I'm having fun if I'm feeling good if I'm enjoying what I'm doing I want to keep doing it-- whether it's eating too much good food or never wanting a massage to end or not wanting friends to leave a fun game night etc. This tendency is worse in times where I am struggling with my anxiety/depression (which I see a therapist for) because I think feeling good has been missing so that when I do start to feel good again I want the feeling to stay for as long as possible. Obviously this is a problem when it comes to alcohol because then I'm using it to self-medicate and less so a problem when it comes to quality (sober) time with friends or a really enjoyable book. But if I could just have a glass of wine with dinner or two beers at a concert with my friends I'd like to be able to continue doing that. Is there a good way for me to moderate myself? ....Or maybe I need encouragement that sobriety is the right choice for me that I won't lose friends or that there's a way for it to not feel like another broken thing about me that I need to fix but instead just a healthy choice I'm making. That just because I didn't notice any sort of improvement in my life when I did a dry January this year doesn't mean that my life won't be better if I quit. Maybe I need a wakeup call. Maybe I need someone to look at my pattern of drinking and say you definitely have a problem with drinking and sobriety is the only real option for you. I don't know...(edited to fix all sorts of typos. I'm in a rambling mood this afternoon; thanks for reading all this text.)
----------immediate responses--------

If you truly have troubles with alcohol you need to be aware that it is progressive. It will never be easier to quit than it is today.  ..I wish I would have quit when my drinking patterns mirrored yours.  It would have saved me a shitload of misery. ..IWNDWYT 
As far as what is  okay  moderate drinking is quantified at one unit per day for a woman (1 Oz hard liquor one regular ABV beer or a 5 Oz glass of wine). That's in the US. 
If you want to track Download an app I used coach me and I have a reminder for  no drinking  and I click it everyday I don't drink. I did this for a long time before I quit maybe a year. My drinking sounds a lot like yours. (Rarely drink but when I do it's too much) I realized once I had the app I was drinking more often then I thought I was I thought I was drinking once a month but I was drinking once a week maybe not crazy drastic but more often then I wanted to be. Only you can make that choice but if you feel like quitting now just do it. 
I don't drink too often; I can easily go weeks months on occasion without a drink. I don't hide my drinking; I don't drink alone; I don't drink during the day; I don't drink and drive. But when I do drink I drink too much...Hey Now this was pretty much me in my teens  20's and the start of my 30's almost word per word.  That's how it started for me and many of my friends that ended up a problem with drinking. It was fun. Easily could go days and weeks and not be worried about booze. Drank at shows sports camping vacations really everything included it. The reality of it... for me alcohol made me feel like shit. That gross feeling being hung over putting the pieces back together. Muscles hurting always regret. Finally I just stopped. My friends co-working just laughed and said ya rignt. I was at the end of my rope and I was truly over it but the years added up and I was addicted to it. .Fast forward to day stop drinking hands down was the best lifestyle change in my life and I am very grateful I made this decision. In the end I still do all of the activities that included drinking but just don't drink. At a show water. At a game a soda at the restaurant/bar  club soda with a lime at the house cases of selter water. .Long story short alcohol is poison. Life is so much easier and better... for me to not drink at all. It's bad for your body and mind and you friends always get a DD. ..Drinking is a waste of time and money is my 2 cents. .
"Rock bottom is where you decide to stop digging.".    ..It took me 20 years to realize moderation was an illusion. Trying to monitor my consumption was torture. I never understood the point of just one or two drinks. I drank to get *drunk*. Any time I tried to "drink responsibly" I managed to do it for a few days before I would inevitably end up hungover every morning. It took a long time for me to finally come to terms with the fact that the only way I could control alcohol was simply not drink it. Zero drinks is so much easier than just a few. After a year and a half of sobriety living an alcohol-free life feels completely normal.
I drink like you too. But last Thursday was my rock bottom after getting plastered sleeping with someone half my age and hitting my head hard on who knows what. I am convinced I have a concussion. So this shitshow is going to end now before it ends in disaster. It's time to walk away before I do any more permanent damage. You have to make the choice that's right for you but normal people don't drink till blackout. That's a clear warning. 
I was in a similar situation. I went to an AA meeting with a buddy as support and after hearing the stories I remember thinking that I have never had anything like those stories happen to me because of drinking. I have a college degree and graduated with a 4.0 a good job I don't go to work drunk my family doesn't see it as a problem nor do my friends. I made a comment to my buddy that I will never forget: "I don't think I'll stop drinking until something terrible happens." I knew that was a dangerous thing waiting until rock bottom to quit but my arrogance kept me thinking it was a manageable problem. He even told me I should just quit for a year and see how I feel because that helped him manage his alcohol consumption immeasurably. My rebuttal was that my job (sales) basically requires me to drink for networking purposes so I declined...Sure enough years later after a breakup that hurt me more than I care to admit I found myself drinking everyday. I worked from home and obviously had too much autonomy so some days I would wake up at 6am and take five or six shots of tequila. That progressed to opiates after an ER trip left me with ongoing pain. Without the ability to get a prescription I decided to go to the black market. It got out of control quickly as I've always had an addictive personality and I watched seemingly from the outside looking in as everything I loved slipped out of my grasp...I mention all this because I believe if you even have to ask the question of how much is OK to drink and how to moderate effectively there is a high probability you have an underlying addictive personality. This means that you can very easily progress into a downward spiral. I know many people believe that you have to hit rock bottom before you can change but that is a depressing reality that I refuse to accept for everyone. I think it's absurd to think that we have to lose everything in order to start on a better path though for many myself included that's exactly how it happened. But it doesn't have to. Why give up everything if you can realize the problem before hand...I agree with my buddy that abstaining from drinking or drugs or whatever your particular fix is could be beneficial. If you aren't an addict this can act as a reset to reevaluate your priorities as it did for my buddy. He had multiple DUIs but he knew he wasn't an addict so he went a year or two without a drink and now can moderate effectively like many other casual drinkers...So that's my advice. What's the worst that could happen? If you are an addict you save your life. If not you can reevaluate yourself and reset on a better path. I don't think everyone that struggles with alcohol is an addict but IMO it's dangerous to gamble that you aren't waiting for rock bottom to "fix" you...Just my two cents. If there's anything I can do to help people avoid following my path I'm all for it. As I said I refuse to admit all addicts have to lose everything before they can get better and I refuse to believe everyone who has struggled a bit with alcohol is an addict. This opinion is probably frowned upon in this community but I think that is more confirmation bias as a vast majority of those visited this sub are in fact addicts and need to abstain entirely (myself included)...Take it as you will. Feel free to refute my position as I am no expert and am open to criticism.
I have a few resources for you to google: Checkup &amp; Choices Moderation Management and HAMS. These are resources that are geared toward helping people understand what moderate/low-risk drinking looks like and how to do it. 
