-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88wr8n/be_kind_to_yourself/

I started finally doing that this week.  I've had trouble for quite a while now and it's because I always aspire to the life I had when I was long-term sober.  Getting up early working out eating well being social crushing it at work etc.  I kept trying to do all that from day 1 failing and then hating myself for it.  I'd feel like a fat lazy loser with no will-power because I couldn't be Superman by day 3...I'd forgotten how long it had taken me to work up to all those things.  Not drinking was only one of many things I was doing at the time and often I was so busy with life itself that it became an after thought--so automatic I was forgetting when I hit 7 8 9 months...If I'm ever going to get back there it starts with one thing for me:  Don't drink no matter what.  So that's what I've finally tried this week.  Eat a whole bag of Doritos in bed?  Yes just don't drink!  Watch an entire series on Netflix from bed in a day?  Sure just don't drink!  Chain smoke and stay up too late doing both of the former things?  Hell yeah!  Just don't drink.....The time will come when I'm ready to do more when simply "just don't drink"-ing will not require my full attention and effort.  Healthier habits will come but I'll never get there being so harsh to myself...Big thanks to the SD community for reminding me of this.  It was such a relief to just give in to some of that and not worry about being either perfect or garbage.  ..If other people out there struggle with self-love and acceptance as much as I do I hope this helps.  Just don't drink!
----------immediate responses--------

Love this post. You go!! 
Absolutely! Just don't drink - even if your arse is on fire - don't drink! I always have to remind myself it's a journey and I don't have to get everything right all at once. What IS right anyways?   just don't pick up a drink! ..Well done on 7 days - you have so much fun ahead of you!   
Your post is me too. I usually crash and burn trying to do too much too soon. This time around the only goal at present is not drinking. I will not drink with you today. But those doritos sound good!?!
Yes!
Amen Dood. I am the hardest on myself. Thanks for reminding me that I need more Self-Love added to my fire in my heart!..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
I struggled with these exact things and I think that was part of my problem: perfectionism. Well news flash I'm not perfect. So in the beginning (and even sometimes now) this is how I did it. In time you will want to make other changes but let that happen when it does. For now you want soda? Pizza? Doritos? Go for it! That phase didn't last nearly as long as I thought it was going to but I let it run its course. Lately I've been doing yoga walking working out taking baths whatever instead of stuffing my face. It's like I have brand new baby giraffe legs and I'm trying to get them under me. No one is berating that giraffe now are they? Wobble away. IWNDWYT
