-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88yq78/guys_im_so_mad/

I had to send a request to reset my badge today and not through my own fault. We had a really nice easter dinner last night lamb and all sorts. Bit into a bit of my dinner and instantly felt a burn in my throat not a burn from hot food but an alcohol burn and tasted a really horrible over fruity taste. Found out my dad had put not just a little bit but nearly a whole bottle of wine over the lamb to flavour it. ..He knows full well I'm trying to quit drinking for the better I know I can't stop him as this lamb was for everyone but he could have given me a bit of a warning beforehand. I'm not sure if it counts as a relapse but I wanna play it safe and reset. Sigh here we go again. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you think it had any kind of impact on your sobriety? Just curious..Nice of you for playing it safe though great commitment. Congrats on that.
I would not reset if that's what really happened . if you sucked up all the juice on the plate after you knew then yes but not if you were fooled like that . I was at an AA meeting years ago and every Saturday a guy would bring in a large pot of soup for everyone and one day he told everyone it was cooked with a can of beer in it . The alcohol part is cooked out it was a flavor thing ! 
If he put the wine on before cooking it would have evaporated by the time it was served. .But of course your badge is for you so do what you feel is best for your sobriety. 
I'd not worry about that.  Each person has to decide for themselves what they consider a "non-sober" day but for what it's worth I drink N/A beer and take communion periodically at church with real wine.  Those don't cause me to get blackout drunk nor to crave alcohol (any more than normal) and my intention is not to drink to escape.  I'm not an AA person however so if you are and the rules for that are different then you do you.
Yeah not sure what rules you have chosen to live by but I am with    
I ate a big piece of Bailey's-soaked cake a couple weeks ago and had similar thoughts.  Ended up not resetting because that forty-odd days meant more than a pure accident could derail.  It's up to you of course but I don't think you need to stress too much.  ..Was it really just raw wine on top of cooked meat?  Because that's odd.  I've used red wine to marinate steaks before but never just poured it over the whole thing.  Doesn't sound good.
That doesn't count as a relapse IMO. Keep your badge. 
I wouldn't count that as a relapse/reset either. You didn't make the conscious choice to drink alcohol. You had no way of knowing and the alcohol would have mostly cooked off.
