-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8939cy/my_second_day_so_angry/

I'm new here. I usually lurk in subreddits but since I'm very serious about quitting drinking I figured that actually posting would cement that commitment somehow. I'm also on mobile so I'm sorry for formatting issues...I'm a binge drinker I don't drink all the time but when I do I lose control. I drink too much don't eat enough black out and become an emotional angry insecure monster who fights with my boyfriend. I wake up with a bad hangover and anxiety over what happened the night before. And I'm fucking over it. ..I knew my drinking was a problem for awhile. I convinced myself that I only drank with people in social situations so I couldn't possibly have a problem. But it was ruining my relationships it was causing anxiety I saw it affect both my parents who struggled with addiction. When I finally decided to quit I was so angry that it took this long to do it. ..Day one I was feeling so strong and motivated. Today I'm so angry. I'm angry that I have a problem and have to quit. I'm angry drinking is so ingrained in our culture and my own friend group. I'm angry at myself for being that drunk monster and causing my close friends and boyfriend concern. ..Did you feel angry in the first couple of days? Is this normal or am I not coping properly? ..Thanks. So ready for sobreity!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. The first week of withdrawal is an emotional roller coaster. You'll experience irritability and anxiety like never before.    .Alcoholism runs in my family. It is a progressive disease that is built into my DNA...and there is nothing I can do about it. I can go outside and shake my fist at the sky but I'll still be an alcoholic at the end of the day. The only way I can control alcohol is simply not drink it. I must keep it out of my body and mind at all costs. Just like a person with a peanut allergy that can't touch peanuts I must avoid alcohol no matter what. In early sobriety the concept of never drinking was difficult for me to wrap my head around. It was really frustrating and almost scary to think of a future completely devoid of alcohol. That's when I just started out one minute at a time one hour at a time one day at a time. Soon those little chunks of sober time start to add up. It takes some adjustment but I can honestly say that after a year and a half life without alcohol feels perfectly normal.
Hi there! Your drinking habits sound almost identical to mine and though my badge is only three days currently I've had up to two months before. ..In the first few days possibly even weeks I feel every emotion under the sun for no discernible reason. I might wake up feeling motivated but my lunchtime I'm furious and by nighttime I'm terrified. ..In my opinion you shouldn't judge yourself for how you're feeling just let it happen. Your only job right now is to not drink and if you're managing that then you're doing JUST fine. ..I will say however that eventually these emotions can take a toll and might put on the path to relapse particularly if they are part of underlying issues that made your drinking a problem in the first place. In any case you should make sure to have a solid kit of sobriety tools to keep you keeping on :)..I've chosen this subreddit AA and to speak to my doctor asap about anything they might recommend to help me. ..I wish you all the best and congratulations on making a strong healthy decision for yourself! 
Anger is definitely part of the sobering experience. There's a lot to be angry with/about...But! the great thing is you don't have to be angry. You can choose to redirect that energy into things that are more productive. ..You're angry that you a have a problem? That's fine we all have problems. The great thing to realize is that you have self actualized. Do you know how hard that is for a lot of people? Do you also know how hard is it to take the first steps to change when you do know there is a problem? Even harder than realizing you have a problem. Congrats!!! Be proud of yourself on that don't be angry...Angry that drinking in so ingrained in our culture? Not much can be done about all the alcohol advertisements bars restaurants and booze stores around. However you can change your lifestyle for the healthier! Your personal life culture does not have to be that of the "mainstream." You're new to the journey as am I but there is a lot life has to offer in the sober sense of it. There are tons of things to do in life while sober. It's about finding it. It's a fun journey because you're on an adventure of doing new things you haven't done before...Angry about being the monster? This is a great opportunity to become closer with your friends and significant other. This is a chance to have close meaningful conversations with them about your choice to go sober why your going sober and to apologize. People close to you will surprise you with how much they support your choice for a better life. ..The anger will fade it always does if you learn to let it go and channel that energy into productive things. You're doing great by making the first steps and getting to day 2! ..I will not drink with you today. :)  
I think it's good. Why not be angry? Seems like you're working through it--maybe tomorrow you'll feel sad and then Thursday you'll feel weirdly rested. Just keeping supporting your body's repair work like you're doing and I think it will even out.
I don't typically think of it as going against the social norm. I think of it as changing my social norm. Unless being unique and outside the social norm is helpful to you then go right ahead! :). .But it helps me to think of it as a change of lifestyle from one sector to another. Knowing that there are millions of people in the world that don't drink. That thoughts comforts me and makes me feel less alone at times...Happy day 3! IWNDWYT!
