-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/893ekj/a_month_in_again/

Yesterday I hit a month sober. Like many of you this hasn't been my first attempt. I'm so grateful that I've stayed sober. It's still early though. I'm really struggling to manage my emotions. I used to just drink a fifth and cover them up. Now I have to deal with them and it's fucking hard. I have those days where I'm happy and grateful and then I have days like today where I'm just inexplicably sad and angry. I'm about to go into work and it feels impossible. I feel like getting through a shift will be as hard as climbing a mountain even though that's dumb. I'm just an emotional wreck. But I won't drink with you today. That's something. Just needed to vent a little. Thanks you all
----------immediate responses--------

Emotions suck sometimes. I'm rocking out day 19 today and I am right there with you. Bouts of depression anger giddiness melancholy excitement etc... Just all over the place...On thing that helps me is to remind myself that all I need to do is put one foot in front of the other figuratively and sometime literally. Just keep moving forward. I know it will get easier it has to. There is no way this can't get easier. That's the thing about doing something over and over again. It becomes second nature which in turns means it is a whole hell of a lot easier than it used to be...As for not covering up your emotions with booze now that's great! Feel those emotions learn them learn to love them listen to them. They're are there for a reason. Sure sometimes they are shit but you're body is still adjusting to the new lifestyle. It will take time but the emotions will level out again. Then before you know it you'll have way more better days than you do bad days. ..I will not drink with you today and I hope your day gets better!!!
Proud of you! Remember everybody has crappy days sober or not. Think about the muscles that mountain climbers build! We're getting stronger! IWNDWYT  
Congrats on your month! I definitely can relate to those feelings of anger and sadness (and scarily intense happiness too). I found professional help with a therapist really helpful for addressing those underlying emotions (aka WHY I drank) maybe you would too...Either way congrats on your month and congrats on not drinking today!
