-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/897iwt/today_i_chose_not_to_drink/

I'm not much of a Reddit poster and honestly I am unsure if I can honestly say that I am an alcoholic. I have been lurking for a little while on this Sub trying to learn if I do have a problem with my drinking. What I learned from searching through some of your older posts ... I saw where someone said ... "If you think you might have a problem then you probably have a problem." I don't really Blackout drink and I haven't had issues of drinking at unappropriate times but I always look forward to a beer and a big part of me planning my weekend vacation outings ect involve drinking. I had to switch from Bud Light to IPAs because it's too weak (like I would literally drink 12+ just to feel something) and when I buy IPAs ... I buy the strongest I can find ... at least 9%. Anyways I feel I might be on the verge of it being a serious issue but I don't wanna claim to be something that I am truly not to offend anyone else here that are really struggling with alcoholism. I witnessed my mom battle with the bottles of Hard Liquor and how hard it was for her. So my heart goes out to you folks really battling every day. I just dunno I just feel like I can't say no to a drink and can't have a great time without it. It has really affected my health as my weight has skyrocketed. I know I do drink to self-medicate instead of dealing with my problems in life head on. Just hoping I can find some healthier methods of coping. We will see where this road heads but I just really wanted to thank the folks responsible for this subreddit stopdrinking for an awesome resource for everyone. I wished my Mom had an outlet like this. God Bless and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I think the term  alcoholic  hurts more people than it helps. Too many people look at alcohol use as either  normal  or  alcoholic  so they hesitate to make the decision to seek help fearing the stigma...If you don't like where you're going with your drinking do what you're doing now and take charge. Ask questions and be honest with yourself. ..Good luck!
Something that resonated with me in AA (I wasn't necessarily a problem drinker it just made me really depressed and gave me anxiety) is that the only requirement of being in AA is the desire to stop drinking. You don't have to label it. 
I quit about a year ago and was a moderate drinker maybe 3 beers a night.  Yet even that amount WAS A PROBLEM FOR ME!  It doesn't matter how much you drink it matters how you feel.  Since quitting I have a new life.  My anxiety is down.  I've been on all kinds of meds for anxiety and it turns out that booze was a huge part of the issue!  My relationships are much better I've gotten back into my hobbies and my health is much better.  Forget the labels for now and just stop and listen to your feelings.  If something is telling you to stop maybe now is the time to try it out?  I wish you all the best!
I've chosen to try sobriety for some of the same reasons you talked about. My norm was 1-3 drinks a night but I started to think about alcohol too much look forward to it crave it every night and social situation. It took up my evenings even though that's not a ton even one beer is so sedating and sets the tone for laziness. And I want to nip this issue now before it progresses. So far I've been surprised by how comforting and content being sober can feel :) with moments of intense emotion that can be difficult to experience but I come out the other side feeling stronger. Happy for you that you're trying this out too!
We all started somewhere.  You should be relieved you're catching yourself before you start losing too much!  Welcome aboard!  I will not drink with you today 
I appreciate the comments and its warming to know that others that have quit before me was in the same place as me. Here's to a bright future ahead without drinking with you folks. 
