-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8989zb/looking_for_change/

Hello folks..Long time lurker first time poster. So many of your posts resonate with the things I'm going through. I'm a 23 year old male about to leave college and terrified of the trials that come with being a real adult (mostly the responsibilities that come with it). And I'm tired...I'm tired of waking up wondering what I said to who how much of an ass of myself I've made how much money I've spent. And for what?..I've been an alcoholic since the day I started drinking. Always to suppress inner pain and discomfort...I think I'm finally ready for change. I've struggled with getting the courage to attend AA meetings. Always making excuses as to why I didn't need to show up and participate. But I think I'm finally over it...Reading about the positivity and the benefit of living a healthy and fulfilling life from yall has really changed the way I look at addiction. I've had my ups and downs quit a few hundred times (for a few days at a time) and think I'm finally ready to write it all off all together...Not sure exactly what I'm expecting of this post or what it's purpose is but the message is the same. I will not drink with you tonight...Thank yall for everything. 
----------immediate responses--------

From one young ex-drinker to another welcome to the club! It's not easy but every day is better than the last in countless ways for me. I hope the same for you.
I read  This Naked Mind. It has made things a lot easier this time around and I've been a heavy drinker for decades. Good luck. 
I liked what you said about how this sub has changed the way you look at addiction same for me. .I remember thinking before I came here that I would be boring or broken or some kind of sad sober alcoholic if I stopped drinking. .The opposite of that is true like everyone on this sub seems to be running marathons going on fantastic dates being great parents or dancing the night away with a soda water in hand. It's cool to be healthy and respect yourself. Every day gets easier and easier. Wish you all the best mate.
