-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89ai6u/withdrawal_33_days_later_has_anyone_had_postacute/

I've been going to AA since January. I only had maybe 2 tiny relapses in the beginning but as I write this I have had 33 days sober now. When going sober 33 days ago I didn't have too much of a withdrawal period which means I didn't suffer too many symptoms except slight lack of sleep and minor irritability. I chalked this up to being sober most of November.. half of December.. (not so great during holidays) then being mostly sober for January and February with only a few short relapses (which means my relapses were 3-5 days with NO heavy binging.. just casual few drinks) ..In the past.. (I'm talking 1.5-2 years ago) I have had bad experiences with very intense nightmares sweating through pillows and sheets auditory and slight visual hallucinations in the night - something I do not wish for anyone to go through. The types of experience I ASSUME all horror movies get their inspiration from...Tonight I went to a new AA meeting which was having their anniversary celebration - big group lots of food great vibes positive energy... but I felt bitter and alone (maybe b/c I didn't know anyone) and I went to a dark/depression/moody space in my head. I just assumed that I had more to work out and I was falling into some old mental traps.. I tried to do some breathing and have some compassion for both myself and then tried to drop my concerns and just focus on the energy and stories and shares in the room.. which DID help me get out of that space.. but I ultimately felt a lost/depressive state "what's the point/i'm totally alone and lost/everyone else can be happy but there is something wrong with me and I'll never figure it out" ..Tonight.. right now.. It's 1:10 am.. I went to bed around well 10:15 I laid down but to be honest.. perused reddit for awhile and probably went to sleep around 11:15 ish.. It's now 1:10 and I just woke up from some very deep entrenched unnerving nightmares.. And my brain feels like it did way back when I had slight DTs and nightmares from withdrawal. Tingling intensely and feeling a bit like its in a slightly warm fluid...NOTE: I just spent.. maybe 25 mins recounting the nightmare in this text box - everything I could remember while still semi fresh in my mind... But I deleted it b/c it was insanely long and probably a bore to have to read through. Saved it in an email for the time being...My question to this sub.. and to those of you who have long periods of recovery... Is during this horrible nightmare which I can only compare to withdrawal nightmares and even for 10-15 mins after waking up.. my brain felt like it did when withdrawing.. and that nightmare I just had.. I've only had those during severe withdrawal times - has anyone gotten withdrawal symptoms like this a month later? Is this possible?? Am I being ridiculous to pin this on withdrawal?? It felt like it... but maybe normal sober people get nightmares too and I'm just in a funk...I just googled it and of course  whenever you google a fear you have the internet is HAPPY to oblige and confirm it for you. I googled "can you get withdrawal symptoms a month later" and found [this link](https://www.addictionsandrecovery.org/post-acute-withdrawal.htm) ..'post-acute withdrawal' -- Ugh.. so yeah.. first few symptoms - I felt super low energy all day felt anxiety/depressive at a very joyous AA meeting.. and tonight I had intense nightmares akin to past withdrawals I've had. ..Now that I've gotten this off my chest and typed it out.. I am much more calm and now in a place of curiosity about it. ...So yeah... ugh. I gotta get to sleep! It's now 2am and I usually wake up around 6.. gonna set the alarms a bit later and go to sleep. ...IWNDWYT. B/c god.. I dont want these demons anymore. .sorry for any grammar/spelling.. I was typing in a frenzy.
----------immediate responses--------

Could just be an off-day could be PAWS. Calm reflection and inquisitiveness about my state of mind are very helpful to me. 
I lived and then worked in a soccer living for a year. PAWS is pretty common having experienced it myself and seen it in many others. Mood swings like that come and go usually lasts about 3 months. You're doing the right thing talking about it and reflecting on it. I hate the phrase but time takes time. After the PAWS phase a lot of people get the pink cloud phase which is much more enjoyable. 
PAWS is not as cute as the acronym suggests. Stay strong! It gets easier! 
