-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89astn/fitness_saved_me/

Would like to celebrate 4 digits by sharing what worked for me...Backstory: I started drinking around 17. I only had a couple of friends in HS and when I went to college I joined a frat. All of a sudden I was popular outgoing confident and got laid regularly for the first time in my life. By senior year I was waking up with the shakes pretty regularly drinking most days and also abusing adderall and started using xanax more regularly. 6 months after finishing college I started a part time job delivering packages to please my parents while I looked for something more professional. I decided to quit drinking the day before my first day. Within 24 hours I had a withdrawal seizure while driving home from buying Four Lokos (I was in rough shape and gave up). I was 22...With several medical detoxes in between I did a 12-step IOP after another year of drinking daily. I relapsed after 5 weeks. What triggered my depressive episode was not addressed I was just told to pray more and to fake it til I make it. I went on a bender for 6 months constantly feeling immense shame for being unable to participate in what I was frequently told by 12-steppers was the ONLY thing that worked. I resented the fact that in every single meeting someone got up to read about how anyone that couldn't do the program was "constitutionally incapable of being honest with themselves". That was me and I was fully capable of being honest with myself; particularly about how that program was not for me...I kept telling my parents that depression was my problem and alcohol was my solution not the other way around. They found a rehab that was non-12 step and specialized in dual diagnosis treatment and cognitive behavioral therapy. I discovered the gym and did great for 6 months going to the gym for 10+ hours per week. I then got a job in data entry where no talking was allowed. I did that soul crushing work for 6 months and stopped taking care of myself physically. At some point I stopped lifting and couldn't find the inspiration to go back. I started to tell myself that if I still felt that way when I was 26 I would kill myself...I ended up back at that same rehab for my depression. I celebrated a year sober in rehab. I learned that I can NEVER allow myself to stop taking care of myself physically. I would say that in the last 20 months I went to the gym at least 5 days a week 80% of those weeks. I've had to take a full week off here and there for one minor surgery and a couple of severe illnesses but besides that I've gone for a minimum of 3 days...I believe that the people that succeed in this are the people that find an outlet for their addict energy. Think of how much time and energy you spent planning chasing acquiring drinking lying hiding. Counting my calories tracking my lifts setting PRs and leaving the gym fully exhausted leaves me with very little time or energy to be depressed or anxious. It's now been almost two years since my last depressive episode or panic attack which I credit entirely to my new lifestyle and also getting treated for low testosterone. I know that it probably won't last forever but I'm gonna do everything I can to keep the streak alive...Most people that try this whole sobriety thing don't succeed. Figure out what you need to do to be a part of the successful minority. Give the gym a shot if you haven't already. I see going to the gym as necessary as brushing my teeth; it's maintenance not a means to an end.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story.  I too found that going to the gym (boxing training) helped me to take better care of myself.  I have kids now and work long hours so it's hard to squeeze gym in there but my kids are my motivation to stay sober now.  Do whatever works for you!
Glad you found a positive outlet and one that can last a lifetime. Continued success to you!
Congrats on **1000**! What a beautiful milestone!..&gt;Counting my calories tracking my lifts setting PRs and leaving the gym fully exhausted leaves me with very little time or energy to be depressed or anxious...Right?! The gym has helped me significantly. I'm there 6 days/week and if I miss a day I *feel it*. I miss it; it's become part of my routine and keeps me going. I love the fact that I'm working on both the physical and mental aspects so it's a win/win in every way :)...Thanks for sharing the inspiration!..&lt;I'm actually off to the gym lol!!&gt;
Wow! 1000 days is amazing! Congratulations on a major accomplishment...Running is my ally in sobriety.  I run and train for races which gives me focus and one more thing to live for besides alcohol.  It fills up time releases tension builds strength and creates peace.  Whatever exercise we choose the effects are magical.
Thanks for sharing your story. I admire the way you have hung in there trying different things until you found your right way. The 12 step program is not the path for everyone. ..I agree about fitness. I think cardio is for me a necessary anti-depressant. There's just no downside!..IWNDWYT 
I'm very similar.  I used to be really into Powerlifting and tracking my calories but now I'm doing maintenance weight lifting MWF (roughly a modified 5/3/1 program) so that I can focus on running more.  I find the running does more for my mental health than weight lifting but I definitely prefer the way I look from weight training...I'm currently doing a /r/amileaday streak.  I'm building up my mileage and speed with the end goal of probably a fast 5k daily with some some longer runs on the weekend.  I've done a marathon and 50k in the past (before my Powerlifting focus) and it'd be great to do another one in the future...I find that doing my daily run first thing in the morning not only puts the entire day in a great mindset but it's also completely incompatible with drinking.  Even when I do get tempted to drink at night then I just think about how difficult my morning run would be and I just go eat/drink something else...My daily morning run is basically my one chance  to outrun the version of me who will choose to drink that day.  
Awesome!! I can really relate to this post. I have major problems with the 12-steppers and depression. Got back into fitness about three months ago and I definitely have experienced what you have- it helps my depression and helping my mental health keeps me sober a lot better than praying and meetings did. Way to keep going! 
