-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89bt4b/i_need_to_stop_but_im_not_sure_i_have_it_in_me/

I have a pattern of binge drinking that first emerged in full form seven years ago. I binge many times over many months. At first it's once every couple of weeks then every week then a couple of times a week. If I have the money it will soon be every other day. At some point I begin to feel that I am beyond despair and beyond hope. By that point I am drinking to become careless about my life; I drink in the hope that I will do something so foolish that I will have no more tomorrows. Maybe a wild beast will kill me if I go wandering off into these woods at 3am. Maybe I'll fall and bash my brains out if I climb this mountain...So far I've had no success. I seem to be more vigilant when my life is actually at risk no matter how wasted I am. I have more success with accidents. On one occasion for instance I stumbled and fell flat into the road. I decided not to get up again in the hope that someone would accidentally run me over. Some good samaritans woke me up an hour later and got me home. Should I bless them or damn them? I am ambivalent...There is a curious thing about this drinking pattern. As much as I court death sooner or later my death wish begins to weigh on me. There's a mounting sense of horror at what I'm trying to do in spite of the carelessness that 20+ drinks provides. When the horror gets to be too much I inevitably begin the slow painful process of sobering up...My drinking is out of control right now. I've been in the careless phase for a few weeks but it could go on for months yet. Soon it will be time to stop yet I have no faith that I can stop not this time around. I've been on this fucking merry-go-round so many times in the last 25 years that I lose hope that I can stop for good. Sometimes I wonder how I ever stopped before...When I stopped the first time in 2000 I quit everything on the same day: alcohol all drugs even tobacco. I did it cold turkey without support groups counsellors or doctors. I was sober for five years tobacco-free for 10 years and drug-free (with one early lapse) for 13 years. This boggles my mind looking back on it now...I've since had several more periods of sobriety each lasting from several months to two years. It gets harder to stop each time I start again. I drink for longer I need more help to get sober and I stay sober for a shorter period of time. The last time I was committed to sobriety was in early 2016. It lasted for five months. I've been binge drinking on and off since then but it's been getting out of control since December of last year. I'm once again a maudlin paranoid delusional incoherent and suicidal wreck. I am fed up...Even if I manage to stop drinking again I doubt my ability to remain sober for long. When I quit in the past I had more going for me. The prospect of a life worth living pulled me toward sobriety. The misery of addiction pushed me toward sobriety. The push is still there but there is little pull. My sober life is barely worth living...I have scarcely been employed in 18 years and I've been well below the poverty line for most of that time. I'm socially isolated. I stopped seeing most of my friends in August but even when I was still hanging around with them I took no pleasure in it. I have felt distant from them for years...I lived with bipolar for 15 years and OCD for 20 years before they were diagnosed and treated. I can deal with the symptoms of illness but the symptoms are superficial. The deeper scars come from having been left untreated for so long. My self-image and coping skills have been damaged beyond what medication and years of therapy have been able to heal. This leaves me hopelessly ill-prepared to cope with the ordinary losses of life: the end of a close relationship the death of a loved one loss of job or income failure to achieve a major goal serious illness or disability etc. I'm vulnerable to drinking again whenever I suffer such losses. When two or more losses occur at the same time as often happens all bets are off...I need to quit but I don't know if I can do it this time. Carelessness beckons. I need to quit but I fear relapsing again. Relapse seems inevitable. It may not be now and it may not be a year from now but there are bound to be further events in my life that overwhelm my coping abilities to the point that I go back to the bottle. I feel resigned to the shame and disappointment of future relapses. I feel exhausted and hopeless to think of struggling with this for the rest of my life. I need to quit but I don't know if I can...I've been sober for two days now. I'm not sure it will last. I'm glad I took the time to write this while I'm relatively clear-minded. I rarely have the chance to discuss my drinking in such depth. Usually I withdraw from contact with everyone till the cycle of bingeing ends at which point I do my best to forget about it till it begins again. I'm glad for Reddit. Thank you for reading whoever you are.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. There is a lot of support here if you do choose to stop.  ..When I struggled on my own I could not quit. When I finally relized I could not quit I did.  I am still amazed that it just took complete surrender.  ..Good luck. 
There is a lot you've written about that I can't relate to. What I can say is this: **Everyone has it in them you too.**..Take it one day at a time commit here in the Daily Check-In and before you know it the days have added up...There is so much support here. We are all rooting for you. I will not drink with you today.
You have it in you. You have proven that before.  Just one day at a time. Forget yesterday forget tomorrow let's just get through today. I won't drink with you today I promise. 
You are extremely articulate and you have a deep self-awareness. You sound like a gentle soul to me that has been dealt a shit sandwich in life. When you were sober for that great stretch of time starting in 2000 what worked for you? It seems clear to me that what is *not* working for you right now is trying to go it alone. I had to ask for help and joined Refuge Recovery (there are more options than AA out there). Making sober friends has been a lifeline for me. As for quitting and fearing future relapse; it's difficult to stop but future-tripping is never helpful. Starting a mindfulness meditation practice has helped me to live more in the moment. Wishing you the best and sending you Metta.
I loved reading your story.  You write very clearly and that to me signals an intelligent person.  I had 12 years sober and pitched it.  I've had short stints of sobriety over the past 3 years and I know it becomes harder and harder once the wheels are spinning.  I'm happy I found this place.  Happy to read your story. All I know is that your situation is not hopeless.  You have to believe that.  You may need to really dig in to get sober.  I don't know what that may mean since I don't know you personally but you probably have some ideas.  Follow them and stick with them.  I think you can do this.  Don't give up!  You are not alone!
Totally understand the unsure if I can do it too but that's because you haven't YET. Now is the time so TIWNDWY.
I just wanted to share that I never thought that I had it in me. I have pretty profound psychiatric stuff going on that I definitely self-medicated and made worse with alcohol. With sobriety I got my mental health sorted out and life is a lot better...I never thought I would stop drinking and believe me I was on the relapse train for years. But I chose to get off because I had it in me even though I didn't know it. I believe the same is true for you.
We all have it in us we just have to find it.  Like others have said one day at a time.  Keep coming here talk it out and good luck. 
You are a really good writer. I know that merry go round I've been on it myself. I am normally a pretty cautious and reserved person I drank often times to feel that sense of reckless abandon. I call my addiction the I dont give a fuck monster. Because when I drink I dont give a fuck about being a good parent keeping my job or doing anything really. ..You say that the misery of addiction is giving you the push to quit but there is little pull from the prospect of a sober life. I know how that can feel in the depths of my drinking I often thought- what is the point? Why be sober? Why live? Living is pain. Drinking/dying is pain. So why bother?..Your post shows me you have lots to offer the world. Your writing style reveals much about you and your personality. One of the things that makes my life worth living is helping. Its weird some days I cannot stand people and yet on those days- when I do something small for someone else that is accepted with appreciation I feel so gratified. I get the sense that what you have to offer others may truly be helpful...You've been sober for periods of time before to know that its best to take this one day at a time. Be sober today dont think about what you are convinced is an inevitable relapse somewhere down the road concern yourself with today and hopefully that relapse will never come...best of luck to you.
If you are/feel that isolated from others you should really reach out to a support group therapist or someone you know who has sobered. It can be incredibly challenging to stay sober if you aren't accountable to anyone or if you don't have someone who can relate to you and guide you through the challenging parts. Either way stay strong and try to stay positive - I will not drink with you today!
Your writing is excellent your thoughts are familiar. We are are here for you. You can do this. I'm not drinking with you today. 
We are here for you and you likely need even more than us. But lean on us here we're the perfect crutch for certain times. What you say about drinking and loss.. resonates so much. I lost my father while in the midst of drinking a lot..it made it so painful in two worlds at once. I think grief took twice as long as it might have in a healthier person. I'm now facing the loss of my mother. As painful as it is it seems so much simpler to see it on just the one (sober) front instead of on two. Ironically she is ill with cirrhosis of the liver but that's one of the things that tipped the scale for me. I hope you can find and accept as much help as you need. We'll be here when you need for support from us.    
Took the train up the hill and around the block took it to where the big boys rock..Roll on... roll on take me to where I can ease my pain...Preacher said boy where you been....been lining my pockets with money and sin...Took a little trip on the all night train trying keep from going insane... ..That was me for years getting on and off that train it's the ride to hell glad I got off for good I'm sure you can too.. 
Don't look at forever. Look to being alcohol free for the next day. Or the next hour if it helps. Then just go for the next hour. One hour at a time. You may just amaze yourself. Because you can you know. ..One hour at a time xxx 
Do you have a therapist? I have anxiety and OCD and suspect we prob fight a lot of the same battles. Therapy has made all the difference for me. I know I don't have many days now but I'm down to drinking once a week/every two weeks from almost nightly still pushing towards full sobriety. It feels like a lost cause to me at times too but I see so many people on here who swear it's possible I feel like I have to believe. And you! You already have achieved significant sobriety so you know it is! I know you say that things have changed since then but you haven't; the parts of you that were able to walk away cold turkey are there you just have to dig through some years of gunk to find it. I'm pulling for us both friend
Hey I'm glad you're here and I'm sorry you've been through so much.  I've just gotta focus on getting by hour to hour day by day and that's a good way to go. Thanks for posting. It's nice to feel like I'm not alone out here. 
