-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89g14u/im_struggling_to_fight_off_the_cravings/

I'm trying to take things hour by hour but I'm really struggling at this moment to keep myself away from having a drink. I figured posting here would be a good idea to get some feedback and remind myself why I'm trying to quit in the first place. Any advice out there?
----------immediate responses--------

Don't feed the monster! Ignore it's desperate cry. .I find I need to get out of my head at time like this. .Someone suggested a short burst of physical activity once and it really helped. .10 push ups or star jumps or burpees. A walk. .Are you.H - hungry.A - angry.L - lonely.T - tired..[HALT](https://m.bradfordhealth.com/halt-hunger-anger-loneliness-tiredness/) ..Take care of yourself. Giving in to the craving will only make it come back tomorrow. ..Imagine how could you will feel waking up in the morning if you stay strong. How disappointed will you be if you give in. .I have faith in you. You can do this. 
Hang in there! One second at a time if need be. I know I am so disappointed in myself when I relapse.....try to play it forward and think about what you will feel like in the morning if you drink! Stay strong! You got this :) IWNDWYT
Hang in there. We have an awesome IRC where you can chat with other SDer's 24/7 - the link is in the sidebar on the right...Also for me I found that remembering what lead me to getting sober is very important. ..Great job on reaching out! Please keep us posted :)..
Exercising (until I drop) then eating as much of anything I want and binging tv/movies (netflix) has gotten me through times like that... literally anything but drinking is OK...And believe me if I can do it anyone can so let's not drink together for the rest of the day...
Can you do something?  An action?  Take a walk shower clean walk the dog organize eat some good food have a La Croix go to AA?  There are lots of tools in the toolbox.  I'm just back a couple of days and each time I start and then stop again (for the last time this time) I do a lot of reading and post/comment on the board.  IWNDWYT
