-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89kad4/15_days_tired_all_the_time_constant_brain_fog_not/

My last drink was March 18th. Since then I've had the worst trouble falling asleep. I'll lay in bed for hours wide awake and get very frustrated. Then I wake up and just feel like I'm in such a fog all day. Its a challenge just driving home from work most days. Basically I'm suffering from all the symptoms of being chronically under-rested: My moods fluctuate I get overly emotional can't concentrate binge eating depression etc etc. Its taking a toll on my marriage too because I never feel like doing anything and am basically just turning into a couch potato. I desperately want to feel active vital "normal" again. ..Last time I had a good stretch of sobriety was a few years ago I had 9 months. Almost instantly started feeling better found the pink cloud and rode it out. I was super motivated lost a bunch of weight got in great shape. Was really hoping for that to happen again this time - but things couldn't be more opposite. I've always struggled with overeating and maintaining a healthy weight. I've been obese most of my life so its really frustrating that I have such bad food cravings and binge. This all has me feeling almost as low as when I was drinking. ..I'm pretty sure this is PAWS I'm dealing with probably made worse by the kindling effect. I guess I could use some support and any tips for getting through this and to the light at the end of the tunnel? I haven't felt super tempted to drink but honestly feeling this crappy has me questioning if its even worth it. I have to believe that it is that this will get better but just making it through the day is almost as difficult as quitting was. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you thought about talking to a medical doctor? A lot of what you are going through is normal even after 15 days. I still get brain fog myself and I have days where I'm worn out for no reason and some nights I sleep great and other nights no so well...It does and will get better but it does take time but if I was in your shoes I would seek out the advice of a medical doctor.
I know it can be frustrating but give it a little more time. I didn't really start feeling the positive effects for 30 days probably. 15 days seems like forever when you first stop but it's really not that much time for your body to re-adust considering how long we've been poisoning ourselves. You might not feel 100% now but if you start drinking again you'll feel way worse. Hang in there!
15 days is great but isn't really enough time to start seeing changes for some. I was getting a max of 5 hours of sleep a night my first month and a half and was always tired. After that I started getting 8 hours a night and really felt recharged. Exercise will help as well. It's so much easier to sleep when you're physically exhausted. I always see people here talking about melatonin and sleepy time tea. Maybe give those a go. I hope you start to get better rest soon.
Me too but I've been blaming it on the cloudy crappy weather lack of sleep (not by choice) stress fighting off a virus/cold etc. It's supposed to be spring and we keep getting more snow. Longest winter ever I swear! I do OK as far as cleaning the house and putzing around but I have zero motivation to work. Can't concentrate worth a darn. When I can sleep on my own schedule it's a restful deep sleep. Other people in the household tend to keep me up or wake me up. I usually wake up feeling alert and energized. Then by afternoon it's almost like I need a nap...What do you think about when you're awake at night? Are you anxious or stressed? Any chance of sleep apnea with the extra weight? Maybe a doctor's visit would be a good idea...I've been drinking Sleepytime tea when I can't sleep and writing down a To-Do list for the stuff that's making my brain cycle at night. Trying to eat healthier lots of fruits veggies and whole grains so I always feel full instead of eating junk.
Things get better then a little worse and then better and then a little worse. Overall things get much better but the bad days still come for me. I think I'm still dealing with PAWS but overall I'm in a better place than I was last April. ..And  fuck the zero . I don't want to go back to that. 
Give it some time.  Are you getting vitamins?  Eating good?  Lots of water?  Early in couch potatoe is cool cause the focus at first is just don't drink.  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is all about when the crave comes don't fight it.  Roll with it.  Sit with it.  Feel it.  Breathe.  It will pass.  She has a podcast on this I just watched today.  Good stuff.  The more tools in the chest the better means more ways to power through those tough moments.  IWNDWYT
Ar you taking any supplements?.When I informed my doctor that I have a drinking problem she told me to start taking VitD B-compex and Magnesium Glycinate. And drink a lot of water. ...Our bodies are so depleted and need a lot of help to recover. ...I hope you will feel better soon :) 
It takes time for your brain to recover from drinking and every day you recover a bit more. Knowing how long it takes will make sure that you don't relapse. Personally I don't want to go through another long slog of weeks and weeks of fatigue and fogginess. If we all felt amazing after just a few days it would be much easier to start drinking again.
