-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89lstv/anybody_in_a_similar_boat/

I've been an on and off lurker here for a few months and am finally mustering up the guts to post something. A little backstory: my mom and dad are both alcoholics. My mom has been sober for over 30 years but dad is still "going strong." I am no stranger to an environment with lots of alcohol involved...I never really considered myself to have an alcohol problem per se. I can go weeks without having any drinks or go to a happy hour and have one or two beers and be mostly content. My problem is social anxiety and depression more the anxiety part. I almost never drink alone but when I'm out with (more than one) people I don't know very well I get obsessed about feeling comfortable and relaxed and start binge drinking. I have a small frame and this past weekend I consumed probably 10+ (blacked out so don't know the total number) high abv beers over the course of 3 hours on a half full stomach. I ended up puking in my coworker's car and I haven't even known her for an entire year yet. So I woke up feeling horrible heart racing full of anxiety (I don't totally know what I said to her or what I did and I'm too afraid to ask) full of shame and self loathing. Similar situations have happened before and I'll contemplate not drinking then a few weeks/months will go by and I'll convince myself I don't really have a problem. Rinse lather repeat...So that happened. There have been quite a few situations like this where I go big or go home with alcohol it's very binary. I guess I'm not a "textbook" alcoholic (pardon my ignorance I am really trying to get a handle on how severe my problem is but I feel like if I think it's a problem then that's reason enough to believe it is) and I'd just love to hear stories from those in a similar situation or general advice on how you overcome social anxiety in those situations and resort to something besides alcohol for comfort. I really struggle with that. 
----------immediate responses--------

binge drinking is a form of alcoholism and is in fact more dangerous than the "typical / textbook " alcoholic who knows his limits buys the appropriate size bottle and goes home to pass out on the sofa... (ever wonder why alcohol comes in such a variety of strengths and sizes)  ..A binge drinker is much more likely to say puke in someone's car which is probably better than waking up in Vegas married to her and learning you lost 20K at the casino downstairs after the service in the Elvis chapel...  Or in the hospital because you ... or in jail being told what you did....  All this and more awaits the binge drinker...Good news is it can be solved - by not drinking. And you are probably less likely to have withdrawal than the long term daily drinker  - tje bad  news is that no one wants that simple solution.....As for social anxiety - not doing anything to be embarrassed about is a great start.  ..doing something positive like stopping drinking is a big boost to self esteem... that should get you going....................
I can relate.  I'd go periods of time without alcohol and I didn't drink everyday so I figured I didn't have a problem and I could drink.  I had a couple bad blackouts a year and it started to effect my self esteem.  I finally decided that it didn't matter if I was an alcoholic or not alcohol was not doing me any favors.  I decided to quit for a month but really try for 90 days and spend that time trying to learn about alcohol and trying to really enjoy life without it.  ..I managed to decrease my desire to drink (Annie Grace's book *This Naked Mine* helped a lot) and now I don't really miss it.  In the past when I didn't drink I missed it and was looking for a reason or excuse to drink again. ..Anyway you are not alone.  We're here for you and many of us have similar experiences.  You are among friends.
Thanks so much to everyone who read and/or responded. I really appreciate your perspective. Saying "All this and more awaits the binge drinker" was very eye-opening for me. I've firmly decided to not drink at all indefinitely and I am actually really excited at the possibility of never feeling hung over again... that alone is a really powerful motivator for me to stop as I get horrible hangovers no matter how much I drink (and supplement with water). I'm also looking forward to no more days lost from hangovers and doing things I love that make me happy.
