-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89ogol/a_moment_for_those_who_wont_make_it/

An acquaintance of mine was found dead yesterday of alcohol poisoning. You know the story a bright mind with a bright future that was seduced to an early grave by a persistent struggle with alcoholism. ..But what is not familiar or mundane is the pain this death has left in it's wake. The family were unfortunately the ones to find the body; the partner of the deceased was there too. So many lives now fractured and hurt. Pain and trauma that will never heal...I wish I could say deaths like this get easier to process as time goes on but they do not. Alcohol will take and take until you have nothing left to give and then it will turn to your family and friends and start taking from them.  For those of you still struggling please know you are not alone. You do NOT have to face this fight alone. This community and many others are but a post message call or meeting away. You deserve a happy and fulfilling life something alcohol will never be able to provide you...But for now here's to our friends and family who did not make it through their struggle and to the many more who still won't.
----------immediate responses--------

My thoughts are with you. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing. It's so sad I'm a father to 7 weeks old and can't imagine the pain parents of deceased must be through.. the liquid devil takes everything in exchange for few minutes of "happiness".
An all too common story. There are people I love and I worry they will see the same fate. Another bright star lost to the demon drink...leaving sadness and pain in their wake. It's soul destroying. ..Love and peace to all who have lost a loved one and also to those that worry for someone.   
Yup..lost my dad and godfather to alcoholism..so it runs in the family i see it happening in others..glad i quit. I don't want to hurt my mom that way. My puberty was hard enough on her :)..
My friend who passed away from alcohol several years ago 50th birthday would have been Tuesday.  I cried my eyes out reading the facebook posts for him from his loved ones.   It doesn't have to be that way.  IWNDWYT.
Sorry to hear about your friend thoughts go out to you and those effected. ..I will not drink with you today.
There are many reasons I don't drink but knowing a lot of people who've died due to alcohol and drugs is a big one. Luckily survivor's guilt never set in for me just an unending sense of gratitude that 1) I never got caught up in anything beyond booze 2) that I have been able to abstain for 1 year 3 months and 3 days and 3) that alcohol didn't kill me. ..Having lived in Nashville all my life and growing up around the music industry you get to come across a ton of cautionary tales. Not only the people who have lost their lives literally but also the ones who have lost it mentally and/or physically. ..I am so thankful that I quit before I hurt myself or anyone else and before I did irreversible damage to my body and mind. ..Always good to remember: those of us who have been able to stay clean aren't better or stronger or smarter than those who couldn't. ..If you're reading this and are someone who is struggling to get or stay clean: don't give up. You're not a lesser person because you struggle with addiction. Getting sober and staying sober is hard it's okay if it's hard for you. You're not a bad person or failure you're just human like the rest of us.  
very thoughtful post thank you. 
As someone who has consumed ungodly of alcohol on binges and benders I can only imagine how much consumption is necessary to pass away from alcohol poisoning. I'd hate to make assumptions about the acquaintance of OP but this is why the road to recovery so often requires psychological help as well. Try to stay positive OP and stay strong - I will not drink with you today!
So sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing and your words of wisdom because it is easy to forget when you are sitting on your pink cloud that alcoholism is actually deadly. This was a reminder.
So sorry for your loss. I wish more people got the help they needed. IWNDWYT 
Alcoholism is not just about feeling bad and hungover the next day.  .IWNDWYT 
My best friend died five years ago he couldn't find rock bottom and I miss him still very much everyday. He left behind his wife and only child. That child is now 16 and will join us for a three week holiday in the summer which is the norm these days and I am so grateful. Alcohol kills thousands of people everyday but it's so readily available and is pushed on tv every hour of every waking moment. I will not drink with you today. 
My best friend's dad died of alcohol poisoning in his 40's. My friend was 8 years old when it happened. The next few years were very hard on his family. His entire life would have been different if his dad had been around longer...Another close friend's mom is in the last stages of cirrhosis and they don't expect her to make it another year. She has 8 grandchildren that she won't get to see grow up now and she is a family woman through and through...My husband &amp; I are 10 months sober now. Drinking wasn't good for me but I know it was going to kill him. I used to check his pulse when he was passed out on the couch and then leave for work and hope he wouldn't be dead when I came home. I'm glad to not live with that fear anymore...Thanks for this post OP. 
Amen and prayers for you all. 
IWNDWYT.  So sorry to read this posts but I think it will help many of us here.
You will never stop me.
Thank you for posting. I'm sorry. My thoughts are with you. I will not drink with you today.
I'm sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers being sent your way. IWNDWYT
May peace and comfort be with you and the family. ...In addition may this post speak to a lurker who so desperately needs to hear it. Make that first post. We are here for you. 
I'm so sorry for your and the community's loss. Please stay strong. IWNDWYT.
