-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89p41w/worst_relapse_ever_almost_arrested/

Lol.  Wtf did I do last night?  McDonalds bag on the floor... check.  10 empty cans of beer?  Check.  Half finished bottle I don't even remember buying?  Check.  25+ outgoing calls to my ex girlfriend current love interest friends etc...  CHECK!!!..Wow!  REALLLLLY fucked up guys!  I guess my problems extend way beyond alcoholism.  Maybe I need professional psychological help.  Basically... I've posted about this a lot but my girlfriend of one year cheated on me a few months ago and it sent me into a state of alcoholism anxiety paranoia.  She would break up with me on and off discard me when the other guy started talking to her again.  My life is a mess... I invested my entire life into an unstable relationship moved for a girl stayed with her through cheating lies abuse......My girlfriend got back with me when I got sober then left me a week ago.  I tried my hardest to not relapse into drinking.  But last night she texted me about how her parents met the guy she was dating now how she was moving in with him... we had just broke up a week ago.   I started wilding out.  Got so much beer and fast food.  Completely lost all control... started threatening to kill myself apparently was self harming telling my ex I was suicidal.  She called the cops and told them I was drunk going out in public buying more beer cutting myself and that I needed to be arrested or hospitalized.  She didnt have my new address so the cops never came...Interestingly enough I'm not hungover.  It's almost a therapeutic feeling... fucking up that bad and nothing happening from it.  Idk.  Like being sober for so long there was so much depression and anxiety stemming from my relationship.  Now I just feel numb and content...but at the end of the day shit was really bad I could have been arrested for hospitalized... however im realizing its stuff way deeper than just alcohol thats wrong with me.  some stuff upsets me so much that I would rather drink or hurt myself than deal with.  So fucking bad.  Oh well.  I have the day off.  I'm going to go to back to sleep
----------immediate responses--------

Looks like you've got two poisons to cut out of your life buddy..breakups are rough especially when dealing with people like that cunt exgf of yours....Sleep well buddy and welcome back..
When I was in my early 20s my drunken episodes were a lot like the one you described. It wasn't until my late 20s that I started seeing a therapist. I honestly wish that I had gone sooner. While it didn't help me completely quit I went from daily drinking to weekend drinker because I was learning to work through pain without booze. Take care of yourself and get some rest. Things will get better. IWNDWYT. 
We're not supposed to give advice but if I were you I'd block your girlfriend on your phone. She is playing you.   . .I'm sorry you're feeling badly right now.     ..Some people need irl support to stop drinking. There are many groups that have helped. AA Refuge Recovery SMART etc...There will always be seemingly good reasons to pick up a bottle and obliviate but in the end they are all just excuses.
What has happened to me matters much less than what I do next...The best use of my past is to inform my next choice...
Break up suck and they also give us the perfect opportunity to engage in self pity which leads us right back to the drink....I wont tell you what to do but here is what I would do. Block that chick from being able to contact me focus on staying sober for the next few hours until I can get to a 12 step meeting. Because my problem was never the girl that left it was me. It was my untreated alcoholism wreaking havoc in every aspect of my life. ...I thought I had money problems self harm problems girl problems depression problems getting arrested problems harming others problems... Etc. What I really had was alcoholism. What a relief as long as I treat my disease of alcoholism today the rest of those problems seem to go by the wayside. That's just my experience....I love you and will not drink with you today.
Ugh man. I dated a girl like that in my early 20s. I should have never stayed with her as long as I did. 2 years. Even though our relationship was a shit show and I didnt even like her that much I was comfortable and scared of being alone. I wish I had had the courage to forge my own path then it would have been a much more satisfying story. ..This is a perfect time to rise from the ashes though. Drop the booze and the ex for good!
Sounds like you dodged several bullets.  The choice is always yours on what you will do.  You are posting here which means you do know you need to stop.  I would go in to your doctor get checked out and see if he can prescribe you something to help with your drinking and self destructive behavior. We all tend to self sabotage that's why we fall back into the bottle. Identify your mistakes and learn from them.  I will not drink with you today Welcome back.   
You deserve to be treated with respect and love. 
In my younger years I drank often after bumps in relationships caused me pain. With therapy I finally discovered the hard truth. No one can make anyone else drink it is always a personal decision no matter how toxic the other person is. Take good care of yourself.
These are some of the things I tell myself when I make mistakes that may be helpful to you. ..The past exists only to tell you what kind of future you'd like for yourself. ..Be kind to yourself. ..See yourself as someone worth helping saving. Surround yourself with people who think that too. ..We're all flawed. And we're all worthy of living healthy productive competent lives. 
