-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89uvtp/not_losing_weight_yet_theres_hope/

Hi everyone!... This is the post I really wanted to see a couple of months ago so I thought I'd share. ..It's common on these pages for people to remark on their weight loss in early sobriety. I was bummed that I wasn't one of them as losing weight was one of the things I looked forward to the most on this journey. I dropped the every night and some days IPAs and started hitting the gym....and nothing. After 5 weeks I'd actually gained 6 pounds. Sure I'd suddenly grown a sweet tooth but I wasn't consuming anywhere near the calories in Ben n Jerry's that I'd once consumed in beer and I was lifting 4 days a week for the first time in years. It was disheartening but I kept going to the gym and kept sober...and finally it's happening! I just looked at my weigh- ins for the last little while and realized that I've lost almost a pound and a half every week for 4 weeks now! The only change from week 5 until now is that my sweet tooth has subsided a bit but I'm still indulging almost every day just a little less (that's the next battle). ..Anyway it seems as though some bodies are bracing for a relapse/take a little longer to realize the beer is gone for good than others. There is hope! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks that's greatly encouraging. I quit drinking two weeks ago and have only lost a few pounds. But in perspective that's 1.5 pounds a week like you said and without limiting what I eat. Guess I really can't complain! 
Yep I gained at first too. The numbers just don't add up but whatever. Alcohol calories seemed to not count for me which was great when I was drinking but a bummer when I quit and the scale moved up as I replaced a fraction of the booze calories with treat calories...I am finally starting to lose by going on low carb diet... I think my metabolism just hates sugar (even healthy sugar) and I retain tons of water when I eat any.
Ok I stopped drinking wine 38 days ago. No more liquor or anything for me. I go to the gym to do crossfit 3 Times a week before that I was lifting weights. I've gained and can't loose shit! Only thing I munch on extra is almonds. No candy no sweets no chips... nothing. .I can't see fucking almonds won't let me loose a few lbs!! Arrrggghhhh I don't know what to do.. I've cut the nuts back a lot.. not all but a lot...Any ideas.....Btw yea... to your weight loss .. sincerely!! Keep it up!     
Congrats!  Steady Eddy dropping off the pounds.  
I needed to hear that! 
I'm at 45 days sobriety and holding steady at a loss of 5-6 pounds. I'm convinced most of those 6 lbs were water weight. Haven't changed my diet other than the seltzer water and haven't added exercise yet (still easing into my new lifestyle  ). Admittedly I've been a little bummed that the weight loss hasn't been more significant but I didn't start this journey because of my muffin top. Hang in there.
I gained weight when I started lifting 5 days per week. There was an obvious gain in muscle mass. Keep it up you are on the right track.
Similar situation and I was really depressed that after the first two months sober I had not lost a single pound.  I'm happy to say that now at month 7 I'm down a solid 20!  It will happen just keep at it.
[removed]
I'm in this same boat where I haven't lost weight yet rather gained a few pounds. My diet hasn't changed either so I thought I would gradually start dropping a few pounds without much effort. That part has been a little discouraging but I'm giving myself time and just taking things slow. One thing at a time for me.
That is encouraging because I was hoping I'd drop a bunch of weight. However I'm not seeing it. Hopefully it comes later if I just focus on exercising more and eating right :)
If it makes anyone feel better I put on a quick 30 when I got sober. Oh the carbs! Plus medications. It took me a few years to drop it.
