-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89wdra/i_let_myself_down/

Ive been limiting my alcohol intake for about a year now. My big issue was actually drugs but I went to rehab about 18months ago and through some bad luck my professional board (dentist)for work caught wind of my substance issues and placed me on a program which I do three drug screenings a week and 1 CDT (carbohydrate deficient transferrin) test a month for alcohol.  The last year has been awesome. Ive focused on my health for the first time ever and lost a lot of weight and put on a ton of muscle and find the gym and eating right is my new addiction. I have also got my career back on track after it seemed like it would be taken from me. The best news is I havent relapsed with drugs and havent even had an urge..This is where alcohol comes in. Initially after rehab i started drinking quite heavily for 3-4m. I had always been an occasional drinker but those occasions would usually end up in blackouts. I tapered it down once i had to start my CDT testing. I got to a point where i actually did not feel like i needed my once a month drink. I did however stop socializing as much as I did and i think this helped not craving alcohol. In fact the last time i drank before last weekend was new years eve and that was still in moderation. ..Last weekend was a very good friends bucks. I had promised myself and been so sure of myself that I was going to stay sober. It was especially imperative since I also had a CDT test on the following tuesday. Extra incentive not to drink. .On the plane ride to the city we were partying at I resisted. But once we got in the hotel and with some topless waitresses encouraging me just to have a few i weakly and pathetically gave in. This spiralled into a trainwreck of a night. I keep replaying taking that first drink and how i could have just grabbed a red bull instead. I feel like shit and I have shown myself I still am not in full control of my substance issues. I have been feeling guilty all week and depressed and even more now I most probably screwed my CDT test reading to show harmful alcohol consumption. This could harm my professional licence if they think I now have an alcohol issue...I just really wanted to share this as I feel like shit and I know in the past i have got strenght from this group..Feels a little bit  better to get all my shitty thoughts written out and I guess if anyone else is ever in a similar position just remember to play the tape forward. Those moments of fun and carefree joy with alcohol is never worth the guilt and torment in the days/weeks/months later.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck bud. Hopefully there were enough days between the tits and the test. 
[removed]
Hey Doc - sorry you're going through this. The good news? You're here with us reaching out for help :)...I'm aware that there is help available via professional organizations; perhaps there is something available for dentists/medical? Is there anything we can do to help?..Hang in there mate we're here for you :).
You are very welcome.   I agree with you about the eclectic and impressive people that one meets in recovery.  It's surprising that here in Reno where everything from brothels and gambling and pot is legal that there is also great recovery to be found.  We have an excellent cadeusus meeting which sounds like the doctors in recovery that you mentioned. They are impressive group and they talk a language which I understand.   Good NA and AS as well. We live in interesting times and I'm thankful for the recovery available all around the globe... Michael 
