-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89yhug/relapse_after_5_month/

I have relapsed a Week ago. Yesterday i have ha d black out again..Today i am sad filling sick and i think my friend never talk to me again..I start again today with you..Day 1 again..Support me please.
----------immediate responses--------

You *know* you can do it.  Connect with that knowledge stick with it until you believe it - and then one hour at a time.  You'll get it back.
It happens the important thing is you are back! It happened to me also just take it one step at a time keep this place close &amp; IWNDWYT!
You did it before and you can do it again.  Good luck to you :)
You can do this. What matters most is that we fall what matters most is that we get back up - and that's exactly what you've done by coming here and starting anew. The days you had sober are not lost - they are your foundation. You never have to start from a place of not knowing what quitting is like again - just do what was working for you before the lapse and do it over and over and over. I promise not to have the first drink with you today..
I recently fell off the wagon hard. Repeatedly. But we're here ready to try again! 
I feel for you my friend!  The good thing is your back here and on the wagon.  Nothing takes away from the sober time you spent and now you can add to it again.  Also your story helps guys like me because I need to be reminded that I can't get too comfortable with my sobriety.  Your story could easily be mine.  Stay strong.  I wish you the best!
It's easy to slip and hard to get back up. You got this. Keep your head up. I have been there. I am just getting back on my legs. Take it EASY! IWNDWYT!..Don't beat yourself up too much. Be calm be quiet and be true. That helps me. Good luck. 
Hold on to those things you loved feeling while you were sober. Think about feeling those things again. You've done it before so you can do it again. The first fight for sobriety is the hardest. Be kind to yourself. IWNDWYT!
I know exactly how you feel today I had to start over again as well. I guess we just have to put yesterday's choice behind us and look forward to a sober tomorrow. You can do this! Iwndwyt
