-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8a17ff/three_years_today_thoughts_on_time_my_wedding_and/

Hey SD. Today I get to celebrate 3 years sober. 1097 days ago I was sitting in a jail cell after being picked on DUI. Without a doubt the worst day of my life. This is a story about what the last few years have been. ..The day after I got out of jail I was so confused. I was mad because I had relapsed a few weeks prior and I was upset I had let everyone I know down. 2015 was supposed to be MY year. I had just gotten a promotion at work girlfriend had gotten a killer job. We purchased our house in January of that year. We were on top of the world. I had gotten sober the prior year for 100 days. Since things were going so great I figured I could start celebrating with booze. Looking back on it now it make sense.... the reason things were going so great is because I was sober.... ..Shit went downhill after my arrest. I lost that job I had just gotten my promotion for. I was unemployed for a few month which was insanely difficult. Could barely make the payments on the house we had just purchased. Finally got a new job but after 10 weeks they discovered that I was involved in an ongoing trial and they fired me.  Luckily I got a 3rd job after that (I had worked at the same place for 8 years prior having 3 jobs in one year was a strange reality) They said as long as I was found not guilty of the DUI I would be fine. In March of 2016 almost a full year after my arrest I was found not guilty of all charges and things started to look up. ..Even though I was found not guilty of DUI it was obvious what I had done. I had put myself andmore importantlyother people at risk. I had vowed in jail that I would never drink again and I was keeping that promise. ..Now 2016 was going to be MY year. We started having to pay back all the lawyer fees getting back on track with financing and putting all that DUI shit behind us. We spent 016 doing what we planned doing in 2015 and everything started going great. .I realized about halfway through the year that everything was going great BECAUSE I was sober. We spent 2016 getting out lives back on track...At the star of 2017 I realized that the girl who had been with me through thick and thin was the love of my life. She was with me when I was drinking through my arrest through unemployment through sickness and health. We got all those vows out the way before we were even married. On April 1st 2017 I asked her to marry me and she said YES. We just celebrated 1 year of engagement and in 38 days we will be getting married. ..The more I think about my wedding the more I think about my sobriety. None of this would have been possible if I kept drinking. She wouldn't have stayed I wouldn't have been able to hold down my new job my life would probably be in shambles. I am so thankful for her support and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with her. My life is going great because of my sobriety. ..Those thoughts of celebrating with booze still cross my mind. Three years later and my mind still tries to play this shitty game of "oh things are going great you should celebrate" but I know deep down that the absence of booze is what I should really be celebrating. ..Sobriety is still an every day battle. I still wake up and say to myself and that I won't drink today. I still get urges I still have to execute my escape plan from situations I still deal with this every day of my life. But just like everything else it gets easier over time. I can't become complacent but it is easier to deal with. ..I can't wait to marry this woman and I can't wait to stay sober through the whole thing. 
----------immediate responses--------

Such a  great post . Congratulations  on your sobriety and your engagement!! I know if I continue to drink I will never see any of the rewards you've received . I'm unemployed right now and single . I hope for the same things you've achieved . Again CONGRATULATIONS all the way around !!
Keep that woman and give her all the support she's given you.  I'm sure she will continue to do the same!  Congrats on the wedding.  You will remember every minute of your big day because you'll be clear minded and sober!
Great success story!  Thanks for sharing.  I hope I get a lot of good stuff in the next 3 years.  I can use it.  IWNDWYT
Congrats!! You give me hope that one day I will make it as far as you have :) IWNDWYT
This was super super awesome to read today.  Thank you so much for sharing such an honest account of how your life has played out over these last few years.  .Thanks for being real and talking about the fact that it can still be a struggle.  .All of my best to you and your future wife!  Congratulations on all of these things and more! &lt;3
Great post! Having experienced some of the worst days of my life just over three weeks ago it gives me hope that things can be repaired and life can move forward as long as we don't drink. Congratulations!
Congratulations on all fronts! IWNDWYT
this is so inspirational..i'm still unemployed after losing 3 jobs in a year and single...your a lucky guy plus going through all that is amazing..well done on all the hard work..wish you all the best hope things continue getting better for you
Congratulations! 
My fianc  and I also got engaged on April 1st 2017! Our wedding date is May 25th of this year. Congrats!!!!
That's a great post.  Thanks for taking the time to share that.  I hit 9 months tomorrow and recently I've caught myself thinking "Well now what?  Do you really think you'll never drink again??"  Folks who are 1-5 years sober and share why they still don't drink are why I come to SD.  The longtimers with 10-20 years I can't even relate to yet!
This is so nice to hear. Congrats on everything you've accomplished and the wedding!!
Awesome my friend! 
Congrats it's always motivating hearing the success stories!  I also have a DUI and dangerous driving conviction.  I lost a great career job and never got my career back on track it was years ago but even today it comes up on criminal record checks and has got me a few jobs over the years.  I never seem to learn decades of alcohol abuse I recently crashed and burned after 211 days sober.  Although I was disappointed in myself it has made me realise that I don't even like drinking and when I drink I act like an animal.  The way I'm trying to look at it is in the last 229 days I have only drank once.   Thanks for the inspiration post. 
Thank you for this post I really needed to read and remember that things go well because of sobriety so why on earth do thoughts of maybe drinking even have a home in my head?! Congrats on all you have achieved. IWNDWYT
Man I am so proud of you it's great what this solid foundation of sobriety can bring to a life and like a marriage it takes work.  Good luck with your wedding and congratulations 
I'm glad that worked out for you.  It was a huge fear for me before I got my job about my charges.  I was busted and left my job for rehab and found another job.  It took almost a year for the lab to process the substances they found and I got charged with a felony.  At that point I had to reapply for a full time position and they went through and I guess since it was just a charge and not conviction they let me keep the job.  Once I went to court I was worried that conviction would get me fired but so far nothing.  That sucks you lost it because of ongoing trial.  Innocent until proven guilty my ass!
  
Congratulations! I was sober at my wedding and I'm so grateful that I remember every bit of the celebration!
You  can celebrate without drinking!..Dance eat delicious food laugh with friends stay up until sunrise talking about all sorts of Deep Thoughts and end up at Waffle House...Still fun without drinking.  
Ahhh! I love this so much!! I am getting married in August! Congrats on your three years and upcoming wedding! Iwndwyt!
I'm so happy for you!  Your story gives me some hope.  I've spent my adult life chasing relationships (with people who weren't really right for me) that caused pain for both parties.  And why?  I think it was because I had never addressed my issue with alcohol.  (Not surprisingly alcohol was a big part of most of those unsuccessful relationships.  It's almost as if alcohol was always the third party in any relationship I tried to form.)  I'm hoping that sobriety and the clear thinking that comes with it will help me to make better choices; about people career food everything.  I will not drink with you today!  Congrats again!
aa can stop the urges and help you completely recover from your addiction / disease. it works for me - might work for you.  its not just a program for alcohol but a prog to improve thinking lifestyle emotions relationships etc. all the best hope that helps.
