-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8a51hi/first_time_on_reddit/

Hey everybody been struggling with sobriety for years. Trying something new here. Haven't had a drink since Easter Sunday. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! Welcome. 
Welcomeyou can find lots of support here
Same here ... Easter was my last day too and found this Sub over the weekend. Lots of great people here to help and a TON of resources. Make sure to check the sidebar. ..IWNDWYT (I will NOT drink with you today)
Welcome aboard!
Me too! Saturday evening was my last drink. 
Good for you! Grab a badge!
Welcome! IWNDWY. Hugs! 
Nice to have you aboard 
Very Cool! Welcome!
It's good to have you. Welcome! Let us know how we can help.
Yay we share a start date! It is wild how tempting it has been to drink in the past four days since I've made the conscious and public commitment to get sober. Looking forward to the weeks passing for us both. 
Welcome. :)
Glad you're here!
Welcome! This sub is truly a great place lots of supportive voices and the flair is alwasys fun to track. IWNDWYT! 
Welcome! This place has been key to my sobriety. It really helped me in the beginning to check in every morning on the daily check-in that's posted here and commit to not drinking just for the day along with a whole hell of a lot of other people. You can do this! And life certainly gets better.
Congrats!  Welcome.  You can get a badge in the sidebar if you want.  IWNDWYT
Good for you! Keep it up!!! It gets easier... Then it gets harder... But then it gets easier.... But then it gets hard again... But don't worry it gets easier again too!
Best of luck to you. It gets easier!
Welcome! You can do it!!
Hi abomb!
Q
Nice work!  You've come to the right place.  I never used reddit until I found this sub.  It took me a little while to get used to it but now it's my #1 routine and support for my sober hygiene.  Check out the sidebar ----&gt; for good information and badge requests.  ..We're here for you.  You can do this.
Welcome. This is a great community.  We are just like you.  We need to stop drinking.  Stay with us. 
Great work and welcome.... I too am trying something new ...i joined yesterday and similiar to yourself I have struggled with sobriety.  I have learned over time that I only want a drink when stressed or bored.. The reality of this is that there is nothing more boring than drinking alone (hiding in your room) and I am more anxious and stressed +very sad (post drinking blues) the next day... I craved alot yesterday but joining this site and receiving positive encouraging support helped me get through another day... I have woken up this morning feeling happy that i reached out and knowing that there is people here to help with words off wisdom when the going gets tough.... Sending you positive thoughts to succeed !
nice.  welcome.  This community is a life line for me.  It helped me to simply login every morning along with long afternoons of a battling cravings and reading every single post.  Good luck to you.  I will not drink with you today.
