-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8a5fz3/stuck_relapsing/

I've only just realised (or fully comprehended) how stuck I am. I keep relapsing i can't bare what it feels like sober and I'm not coping. I feel trapped in life. I want to go to rehab but can't due to work and family commitments (I'm doing a job where there is no one to replace me and where lots of people are relying on me). I have no idea what to do about this situation - any suggestions of a way out of this are greatly appreciated 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're feeling stuck. I think you probably have what it takes to unstick   enough guts to WANT rehab and enough smarts to be here at SD...Have you read *The Naked Mind*? It has helped many SDers myself included to break the cycle. That could be an easy do-at-home step...Good luck friend.
How well do you think you will be able to fulfill your work and family commitments if your drinking continues?  I tried pretty damn hard to control my drinking for over two years and I could sort of for brief periods of time.  But before I knew it was right back to where I was when I started and I often binged harder during a relapse because I missed it.  ..What are your goals with the rehab exactly?  Do you think you need to be in a strictly controlled environment like in-patient for possibly weeks in order to stay sober?  Or are you just looking to detox and get through the physical part and get some group support?  If the latter you may be able to do that staying in a hospital for a few days and then supplement the therapy/treatment with AA on your own schedule.  
I spent most of 2018 stuck. I finally just had enough almost 2 weeks ago. You can do this! IWNDWY. Hugs. 
I went through AA meetings and that saved my life.  Everyone told me I needed to do 90 meetings in 90 days but there was no waybI could do that. i probably went to 3 per week for the first 8 months or so.  Have you tried doing that yet?
Outpatient rehab AA (or some regular group support after rehab) The Naked Mind - all are possible for someone who can't get away.  This sub has definitely helped me as well.  Good luck and I will not drink with you today!
