-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8acb6n/moderation/

...can be impossible for alcoholics. I have tricked myself into thinking I could just "fix" my drinking problem and then be like all the people who manage their drinking several times in the past. Truth be told I did it this time too (I haven't relapsed but was considering it). The more I read about alcoholism and recovery and the many posts from recovering alcoholics on this subreddit the more I see how moderation is a lot more difficult than that. The truth is problem drinking rewires your brain. You can quit drinking and be okay but the second your brain detects alcohol it will demand more and more. There is a lot of research out there that backs this up...I realize this is kind of obvious for most of you but I am still learning. When they refer to alcoholism as a disease this is the kind of thing they mean. Your brain is physically different if you've done the kind of drinking I have. I can't help that. Can I attempt moderation? Of course but I'm putting myself under constant pressure to want to go all out. I'm beginning to feel like it will never be worth the extra stress. If you don't mind sharing I'd like to hear from some of you who have dealt with this and have tried moderation and it blown up in their faces (as it has for me multiple times). I know I'm not the only one who has ever felt this way but am I the only one who has ever felt this way?..Edits: I wanted to clarify that I have not quit quitting drinking (yet). Also I removed a link because I think that's against the rules? I don't want to get my post removed.
----------immediate responses--------

The brain is a record and the drinking cuts deep grooves. When the sound gets bad we have to flip the disc.
Moderation is misery.  At least for me. 
I finally realized that I have no desire to moderate. So moderation was just a lie I kept telling myself. 
The only thing harder for me than not drinking is to try and control it.
I'm utterly unable to drink in moderation. But why would anyone want to? For the taste? Soda is much nicer tasting than alcohol.
I read on here alcoholism is a thinking disease. I think that sums it up. Moderation didn't work for me and when I didn't drink without help I fell into other substances. This is a great place to come for advice. Good luck with your travels. Take it nice and easy if you do quit. I am much happier without alcohol in my life. It isn't perfect but a lot more peaceful.    
Kabooom!  My attempt at moderation def blew up in my face. Over and over and over...Moderation attempts = Death for me. Really. Death. I'm talking physical death from cirrhosis of the liver because that's where my alcoholism was taking me at 55 yrs old.  ..I've said to myself that I deserved just a drink or two after a period of abstinence because I was so good now so maaaaany effin' times. So many. My Zombie brain had other ideas. **Moderation to Zombie means a fifth of vodka**.  I have to rewire my Zombie brain and that means not to drink. There is no use to me to drink empty calories and experience an ethereal buzz feeling (if I'm lucky...my Eastern European genetics and abuse has made for a high tolerance). I take it to point of passing out after the inevitable binge. No use to me. I drank to get wasted not to enjoy the delicate floral bouquet of yeast excrement in fermented grape juice. HTH Lucid...I will not drink with y'all today...we'll all be here for ya if y'all decide to join me  ?.. within  
[removed]
It's not obvious I struggle with thee idea of moderation. But I don't think it's worth it..And I totally understand "not quit quitting yet". I'm planning to pick it back up when I turn 80 :).
For me the real reason to drink is to reject life and turn off my mind.  As long as I think I'm drinking for fun and don't see that reality I will not be present and live.  So for me moderation is trying to make a lie work with disastrous consequences.
