-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8acihb/on_mental_illness_and_509_days/

Hi SD. It's been a while. I wish I was coming here to post some fantastical journey. One where I've beaten my addiction I've overcome all odds finished a degree started my dream job gotten married had a kid or two and lived happily ever. And yeah no that's not how it's going down at least not for me. ..I don't want to be discouraging though only realistic. This is not a walk in the fucking park. At 509 days this is no where near the end of my journey. In fact as I'm starting to learn this is only the beginning. This post may be a little all over the place and it turns out there's a reason for that. A reason for a lot of the ways I act react and feel actually. But I digress. I'll likely include quotes and parts of journal entries and may reference my first SD post which was a shit show. ..For a long as I can remember I've felt that there was something just a little off about me. Like I never really felt normal compared to everyone else. But I could never place it never put my finger on it. I had what I thought to be a pretty normal childhood. I acknowledged that some messed up stuff happened to me sure but I've always felt like it didn't have much bearing on the person I am now.....From a journal entry talking about when I stopped drinking and was going through withdrawal-.."Words will never be able to describe the sea of fear I found myself in. If I couldn't trust my brain before I certainly couldn't now - not with it's disembodied voices swirling around me and figures manifesting in the walls. Each wave came higher and more powerful than the last. I literally and physically felt like I was drowning. Everything around me crumbled again and again. It was like I died a thousand times and kept coming back for more. I held on to the only thought that I could grip. "As bad as this is now if I drink again it will only be worse. Exponentially worse." I clung to that thought alone because it was the closest thing to a life preserver I had. I could not fathom a hell worse than this and I refused to go looking for it. Eventually time began to mean something again. Days passed and my body filtered the poisons though there would be months or even years of rebuilding neural pathways. The skies cleared and the winds died down but I was still lost at sea floating adrift and stripped bare. I thought a lot about what had gotten me to that point."..Every one of the 509 days that has passed since then has been me trying to figure out what the fuck went wrong and where. That point in my life was absolutely unbearable. I decided to really give it one good shot. One honest effort. At least then I would know that I had tried to get better instead of just continuing the cycle. I knew that to even begin to find answers I absolutely had to eliminate alcohol. Alcohol's effect on the brain is astounding. If there was any hope of diagnosing a problem I had to let my brain heal first. ..So I did. I waited until just after a year of sobriety to seek real help...I started with a psychologist who wasn't much help. I felt slightly defeated that I'd gone to like 6-7 sessions and gotten no real headway. I stopped seeing him and turned back to my GP and endocrinologist. I was having problems even having enough energy to function for the day. I couldn't think straight couldn't focus couldn't eat and was losing weight quickly. My first diagnosis was Hypothyroidism so I started on medication for that. I was super excited that I thought I had finally found the problem. After a few months of replacement hormones however there wasn't really any noticeable difference in my thinking though my TSH levels had dropped. I still felt as awful as ever...Ok so it's not that what's next? I tried to be as objective as I could focusing on eliminating one problem or possibility at a time. My next journey was with a diabetes psychologist at the referral of my GP. Perhaps my problems were with my diabetes diagnosis and I had depression and anxiety because of it. This didn't sit quite right with me as I'd had these feelings all my life not just the 2 1/2 years since diabetes. I wanted to be open to it though because even if it didn't help I could check off one more possibility. I went to maybe 4 sessions and it was pretty clear that I didn't need to be there. I wasn't depressed because of diabetes diabetes was just the icing on the cake. ..It should be noted that this process took months. Every appointment was weeks apart and there was a constant underlying and unavoidable fear. Fear that I wouldn't figure out what was wrong and that I never would. That I would be destined to feel this way forever. I started to feel like I was being backed into a corner. That I could possibly snap or lash out at any point. Nothing felt stable. If I wasn't exhausted I was angry. Why wasn't I getting better? By all measures I should be on a serious upswing. I'd quit drinking smoking gotten a job and could pay my bills but I felt like I was getting worse. It was like trying to contain an explosion inside my brain every minute of every day. Everyday I managed to just cut the wire and stop the clock a few seconds before the bombs went off. It was exhausting work. I started to feel myself slipping...This backed into a corner feeling left me searching frantically. I'd come to distrust my feelings and reactions. I am quite literally afraid of what my brain is capable of thinking and doing. I started diving into articles subreddits and YouTube. I needed to find someone else who felt this way so maybe I could understand what was happening. I tried looking up stories of depression anxiety and even OCD. While I certainly have traits of all those they didn't give me a complete picture...And then I found a video about what it was like to be an adult with undiagnosed ADHD. I made it about 3 minutes into the video before I broke completely. The kind of inner earthquake that can only express itself by shaking the very core of your being. Like my inner workings had been ripped from inside and laid bare for me to finally see. It fit more perfectly than anything else ever had. It explained my oddness as a child my inability to make many friends my daydreaming my skewed sense of time my constant feeling of being behind my feeling less than my inability to finish things I had started on and my hyper focus on things that did interest me. Most importantly it explained my substance abuse. Thanks to my new understanding and hyper focus I learned everything I could about ADHD and went to my next diabetes psychology appointment with a new sense of hope. "Hope that thing with feathers..."..My psychologist agreed and gave me a referral to a psychiatrist. I was finally getting to the place I needed to be. I waited 4 more weeks for the appointment. If I can press the importance of any one thing it would be patience. That's not to say that I handled it gracefully. Most days I just put my head down and forced myself through the motions defusing the bombs and stomping out brush fires. I clung to that small hope of a future free of this pain even if it was far off in the distance. Sometimes that's just all you can do. ..I had that appointment last Tuesday. ..I was asked what felt like a million questions touched on some things that were pretty uncomfortable and looked at the surroundings of my addiction. I received the diagnosis I was looking for - ADHD and 4 others I wasn't quite prepared for:  Depression Generalized Anxiety Disorder PTSD and the kicker... Borderline Personality Disorder. If you were to conjure the perfect storm for substance abuse this is it. ..It makes so much sense that it scares me. I am a product of my environment and upbringing. I am the product of a terrible set of circumstances brought on by my mother's own instability rage and alcoholism. I was up until I stopped drinking only perpetuating the cycle. In short children of mother's with undiagnosed Borderline Personality Disorder almost certainly end up the exact same way- with BPD themselves substance abuse problems a history of abusive relationships feelings of worthlessness anger rage and a very high suicide rate. I am the textbook definition... This is not to throw blame but to understand. While trying to deal with what was happening to me as a child my brain had to rewire and rework it's coping mechanisms. Put simply I just don't process things the way a neuro-typical person would. ..So I have the answers I was looking for... but I am still processing and learning all that I can. There was no "ah HA" moment no sudden paradigm shift not even a sense of relief really. At least now I have a general direction to follow where as before my compass was completely broken. I will keep trudging forward and I will keep trying. I start on a a very low dose medication tonight and even though I am terrified I am trying to trust my psychiatrist. "After all if nothing changes nothing changes." I have to try because I refuse to let myself stay in this purgatory any longer. I understand that this is the beginning but the 509 days that came prior to this were the best gift I could have given myself. Without that time I wouldn't have the ability to try this or practically any other anxiety/ADHD/depression medication. They simply don't mix and it would be too much of a risk. My sobriety is the now the one solid thing I have in life... ..So that's where I am. The beginning. The start. I feel like my life is a video game and I just hit reset. The only problem is I'm starting back at level 28 with nothing in my inventory and a very very short health bar. But I'm here. And I will fight. And we'll just have to see how far I make it. ..I guess I've just watched enough videos on YouTube that I feel the need to share this with others. Listening to others stories helped me figure out my own. I had certainly underestimated the effect my upbringing has on my present day life. If even one person with any kind of undiagnosed mental health issue who struggles with substance abuse can find this one day I just want them to know that "there is hope even when your brain tells you there isn't." I want them to know that there may be a reason they were so drawn to alcohol from a young age. I want them to know that no amount of physical verbal or psychological abuse to a child is OK. ..I want them to know that if you feel like something is really wrong you have to be your own advocate. My GP endocrinologist and two psychologists all missed my presenting symptoms. I could have given up and accepted my fate but luckily I'm just too damn stubborn for that. Keep trying. "If you are going through hell keep going"...Thanks for reading. .DFTBA..IWNDWYT...TL;DR: My drinking and substance abuse stemmed from childhood trauma. I would have continued this vicious cycle indefinitely. Seeing a psychiatrist and being properly diagnosed has afforded me a chance at real recovery and for that I am grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! Thanks for sharing. Remember your diagnosis is not All of you. Trusting doctors was a turning point for me. You are unique and loved and we need you.
Here is to continued recovery   
We are 24 hours apart from being sobriety twins! I found out that in addition to GAD I have moderate depression about six months into sobriety. That was really fucking hard. I was ready to deal with GAD but the depression diagnosis was hard for me personally. Anxiety makes me an over achiever and I was worried depression would counteract that. .I did the same thing you did - went to the doctor was honest about my symptoms took my meds and did research. I found out similar to you that I have a family history and in that regard issues with my family made a lot more sense. .I decided to feel empowered by the fact that I am the one who's willing to break the cycle in my family of going untreated. I've seen how it plays out and I don't want to live my life like that. Plus it probably get me drunk again. .Good on you to being so vigilant in your own mental health. Staring this stuff in the face can be horrible and hard but I hope you can find similar peace and empowerment in the tools we have to deal with this in our sobriety. 
I'm bipolar so I feel where you're coming from.
I have been through life stuff I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.. that said I have found great peace and my own special kind of joy in learning how to think and live in a way that is better than self abuse.. healthier and more comfortable in my own way.  I might not (will not) ever be just like other people who grew up sane in a sane environment but i can still find great happiness in my struggles and my triumphs along my way.  I'm not the only one by far.  I won't give up either.  Your story is inspiring I'm happy for you!  I will gladly not drink with you today    
This is a beautiful post. Taking care of our health is so empowering beginning with sobriety. I also grew up with an alcoholic bipolar mother. I love her so much but it really affected me negatively growing up. I know I have a lot of self-discoveries in this realm coming up as I continue to stay sober. I've feared that I too have ADHD (I was diagnosed with a mild form as a kid but was never medicated) and/or BPD. I think substance abuse has been my form of self-harm among other things. ..I truly wish you all the best. I know it's so scary but you're insanely strong. Discovering more about your mental health and being medicated doesn't take anything away from who you are at your core. .. 
I'm so glad that you found out what the problem was even if the answer was more then you expected. Now trial of right treatment commences. As scary as it sounds to start taking meds the right combination will make your life so much better. ...With the sobriety under your belt you are on the path to true you. And you know what? You have all the power to say no if cost vs benefits are not to your liking....I want to ask you why would you say that depression is stigmatized? I think that it is very prevalent now. Every time I go to my doctor I take a short "depression questionnaire". Every patients gets it at the beginning of the appointment. ...I want to tell you that I can relate to your feeling like an odd duck. The pattern of starting never finishing. Having most brilliant ideas and implementing them immediately. Even if it is midnight and everybody is sleeping.  ...Feeling like an imposter and doubting my competence. Forgetting things constantly and shifting attention from one thing to another. Devoting time to learn something only to drop it like a hot potato and never looking back....For me it was exhausting and so incredibly frustrating. Triumvirate of Chaos Panic and Disorder ruled my life.  When my memory and "scaterbrainness" stopped being manageable I spoke to my doc about my fear of having the Alzheimer. She sent me to neurologist. 15 minutes into the appointment neurologist  said: Dear not_a-cliche you have an ADHD not an Alzheimer"   ...I was floored because that was such an exotic affliction. So at the ripe age of 50 I finally understood what was plaguing me for half a century and contributing to my infatuation with wine. ...It was such a relief at the time to get the answer why I was the way I was....I'm on meds now and functioning much better. However every few weeks or so I do "smell peanut butter test" to make sure that Alzheimer is not in the picture :)   ...I wish you all the luck and sending good vibes because you are an inspiration.
I struggled for years with very bad OCD.  It can get better!  You should be VERY proud of yourself for fighting through everything.  I wish you the best.
Thank you for sharing this!.
