-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ahhjc/i_realized_why_ive_been_afraid_to_tell_people_irl/

I'm 4 weeks sober today (yay!)...During this time I've been afraid/nervous to tell my friends and family I'm sober. At first it was because I thought "what if I tell people and then relapse?" And I didn't want to feel like a failure. ..Then I was nervous thinking I'd be judged or looked at differently. I shouldn't have worried about that at all. I'm 33 happily married successful by all "normal" standards have two great kids and a wonderful family &amp; friends. I knew adeep down that I'd have support so I couldn't figure out why I was so reluctant to share that I've gotten sober...I nervously told my mom this week and immediately felt such a sense of relief. Of course she was supportive and said she thought I was doing a great job. ..On my drive home I realized why I'd actually been scared to tell her (and others): I was afraid they would say something along the lines of "Finally! You definitely do drink too much." Or "Yeah I've noticed you're kind of an alcoholic." Or something along those lines. ..Even though I've admitted it to myself I didn't want others to confirm my alcoholism to me or to think that they have known/thought all along that I drink too much...I now realize I don't think there's a single person in my life who would say something like that to me (except my husband but we have had conversations about it and he's never said anything hurtful about it). ..I'm no longer scared to admit to other people in my life that I am indeed an alcoholic but that I am sober and loving it. ..Thanks for reading my ramble!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's really impressive. I still haven't told anyone yet IRL. While I do have some specific reasons (my Mom is such a gossip that if I tell her she'll go tell her ENTIRE extended family - which is quite large) mostly it's because I'm so averse to admitting weakness lack of control or vulnerability. I fear opening up like that. I also fear being judged despite the fact that all of my family and friends would probably be very supportive (especially my mom! she just has to process her emotions externally which in her case involves talking about EVERYTHING going on in her kids lives to ANYONE she can). ..So congratulations both on your 4 weeks and having the courage to talk openly with your people. I'm still working on it! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!..Everyone has to address this in their own way...I simply let me daily unimpaired life carry any messages for me...I figured since I didn't make any "announcements" when I started drinking I didn't need to put up any billboards when I quit...Some people are strange in that any piece of "negative" news is all they hold onto.  Along the lines of "yes I hear that she's nit touched alcohol in 4 years...bless her little heart....it must have been terrible when she was drinking....I pray fir her family she doesn't relapse again."..Deliver me from the gossipmongers!
Well done there! I'm generally happy to tell people I don't drink any more and I just tell them I feel better for it if they ask why. It's not easy though so well done x
Yes! Exactly! What if I relapse. Well that's is all the more reason for me to tell folks I quit drinking. It helps hold me accountable. Group conscience... 
I realized after many aborted attempts to stop that I was leaving myself a loophole to drink again unimpeded. Once I realized that I was able to address the whole Acceptance thing and telling people became no big deal :) Well done and it sounds like you have a great support network!
Whaddup sober twin!
I found I didn't want to tell people because then it's more people I cannot drink around when I  get better  and can moderate again. I'm starting to hear how delusional that sounds starting to accept I'll never be able to drink again (not fully there) and the more I accept that the easier it becomes to tell others. 
I have similar hesitations even though my mom (and my supportive dad) have gone sober for the last year+ for mental health reasons.  My mother tends to super-over-react to everything and I'm so used to being the normal/healthy/stable one that I never want to hint that I'm not...You did good though.  I'd like to get to the point where I feel comfortable doing the same.  Have a great weekend!
I also was worried about people reacting that way but nobody really did. I think I was also hesitant to tell people because I subconsciously wanted the opportunity to relapse without judgement. But telling everyone you feel comfortable telling will give you the needed accountability.   I'm glad your mom reacted so well. I still haven't told my parents. 
I haven't told anyone except my husband that I'd really like to never drink again. To everyone else I've just said I'm taking a break. That seems to get them off my back if they even mention it at all lol... which most people don't. Funny how little the rest of the world cares that I'm sober  
You had a Eureka moment.  You realized that life is filled with people who like to speak badly of others or that some people just cannot keep out of other people's business.  You tell (or don't tell) who you want.  What you do for your health is your business.  Congrats.
All familiar to me - I hate admitting weakness and for years hated the idea that other people might be gossiping about me. I gave up once for three years and didn't admit to anyone - even my wife - why I'd stopped. Did that whole 3 year stint with no help no AA - and 15 years ago there was no reading all the helpful stuff online (like this amazing sub AF) - did it all on will power. Guess what? I eventually succumbed - as I now know it's impossible to kick it on will power alone - you've got to genuinely want to. I think I'm in that place now - I hope so. Good luck everyone.. iwndwyt 
One of the craziest things for me when I first started telling people was when they were surprised. Really? You couldn't tell? And then it dawned on me. Some of the people I told are also alcoholics. If I have a problem don't they as well? They might have to do some serious self analysis and that's scary. 
Great. Thanks for your testimony! I will not drink with you today!
I felt the exact same way about it. I'm 28 days today btw also married w kids similar to your situation. 
