-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aji21/one_year_anniversary_since_i_first_tried_quitting/

And yet my badge is at 17 days. I have learned to accept that and be proud of my progress. I am proud of the first 6 months I spent completely sober. I am proud of my attempt to moderate and only drink on holidays and I am proud that I was able to realize that it wasn't for me. Looking at my calendar I calculated that I slipped up 14 days in a year. For someone who was a daily drinker for over 13 years I am proud of that. In this past year I have lost weight created so much art and have been able to go off of all of my psychiatric medication because I do not have the alcohol to exacerbate my mental illnesses. ..The reason why I am sharing is that I see so many posts where people feel shame when they slip up. And that is natural I struggled with not beating myself up every time. The first year is not easy. Focus on what you have accomplished and congratulate yourself every day. Learn from what triggered the slip-up and move forward. I am so glad that SD exists. I received so much support during my intro post where my hangover had convinced me that life was hopeless. Now I feel so silly for feeling that helpless. Life is great when you do not have alcohol and hangovers telling you otherwise! Good luck everyone!..[edit for punctuation]
----------immediate responses--------

Badge reset for me this morning. But it's not failure. My slip last night I was fully aware that I hate drinking. That first sip is so disappointing and it's just pure sadness for me. I've come a long way to realizing I'm so much better off without it. Nothing good ever comes from drinking. I feel amazing waking up free of regret and poison. I will not drink with you today. I'm proud of you. 
Good post
Sounds like you've had a great year with a lot of benefits and learned a lot along the way.  Congrats!  IwNDWYT
I like that . I'm at 15 months . I was sober 8 months of it  and I agree with you  the slips aren't gonna keep me down . I'm back up and feeling very steady right now . 
