-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aq7qx/the_mirage_of_moderation_why_i_cant_have_just_one/

I have noticed a lot of posts lately of folks new to sobriety who realized alcohol has become a serious problem in their lives and are wondering about the possibility of moderation. I am in the middle of *This Naked Mind* and came across an interesting point regarding brain chemistry and long-term alcohol abuse. Annie Grace explores the [Incentive-Sensitization Theory of Addiction](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2607325/) which states "that the repeated use of addictive drugs makes the brain's dopamine center hypersensitive to that specific drug." Basically after years of alcohol abuse my brain has permanently changed the way it responds to alcohol. Alcohol has repeatedly released so much dopamine over the years my brain's conditioned response to even just one drink could spell disaster. This explains why a person that has been sober for decades can be thrown into a vicious relapse by only having one seemingly harmless beer or glass of wine. The only way to escape this terrible trap is to stop...for good. Once the cycle is broken the cravings will cease and the dopamine hypersensitivity will go dormant.    .My personal view on moderation? **What's the fucking point?** I drank to get *drunk*. Trying to monitor my consumption was torture. Having just two or three drinks was a waste of my money and time. The stress of constantly worrying about controlling how many drinks I had just wasn't worth it. Zero drinks is so much easier. Zero drinks takes up so much less space in my head. Zero drinks has zero hangovers.    .I know trying to imagine a life without alcohol can be extremely daunting even a little scary at first. It was nearly impossible for me to wrap my head around that concept in early recovery. *Never* drink again?? That's why "one day at a time" works so well. Just focusing on not drinking for the next 24 hours adds up faster than you think. I can honestly say that after a year and a half living an alcohol-free life feels completely normal. I hope this little rant helps. IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Well said Papi!..I don't have a drink problem any more.... I could *get* one again really quickly though!..It would be the same substance interacting with the same brain and that's how all the trouble started in the first place......IWNDWYT!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
It's just the way it works.  Nothing will change that no matter what we want to think about it.  Oh well!  My perspective is I had plenty of opportunity in the past to get my alcoholism off track and I didn't so now I'm pooched.  C'est la vie!  IWNDWYT 
I am definitely one of those people that failed at moderation recently. I've had a sneaking suspicion that my reaction to alcohol has changed over the years as I continued to abuse alcohol regularly and it looks like there's some data to suggest as much! Thank you for this! IWNDWYT 
I'm the poster child for your description above. My Zombie AV laid dormant for 11 years...then reawakened with a vengeance. Thanks for the share Papi...I will not drink with y'all today.    within  
This weekend I've come to the conclusion that I cannot have just one.   It's super scary how much I can drink in one weekend after being sober.  Every slip gets worse.   I look and feel horrible.  .
I think about this all the time when I see posts on here (or hear about moderate drinking IRL) about moderation. I have no desire whatsoever to drink a few drinks now and then. I want to drink many drinks all of the time. I don't even get "normies" and why they even bother with alcoholic beverages like "here's this intoxicating substance that tastes pretty bad and I'm going to drink just enough of it for it to not actually get me intoxicated". I would only say this here in the safe space of SD but that's 100% how I feel.
I tried the Moderation Management approach about 10 years ago when I first started becoming aware that my drinking was a problem. Over the course of two years I did two 30-day periods of abstinence and managed to drink moderately for a while. However I found that drinking moderately required a lot more work than abstaining did. Plus one really stressful life event was all that was needed to tip me back into daily drinking.
Ugh this so much. I quote I see around here a lot that really sums up the double bind of moderation : if Im watching what I'm drinking I'm not having fun and if I'm having fun I'm not watching what I'm drinking. 
Well said and I couldn't have said it better myself. I will not drink with you today!
Bingo.  The obsession I would have around moderation would be as exhausting as the obsession I used to have round getting drunk.  The mental anguish would be the same.  Easier just to stop.
Great post. I have tried moderate consumption lately but it's incredibly difficult to control (especially the UK gov recommended 2-3 days alcohol free per week) - I found it to be a completely negative experience. It involved me usually waiting till 11pm drinking a couple of (large) beers really quickly then going to bed before the buzz wore off...Also my blood pressure went up (135/85) - I'm currently 16 days sober and it's usually around 115/75 and I feel super-calm. So even moderation can't be good for you. This was probably about 2/3 beers 4/5 days a week...I've come to the conclusion that alcohol is just really pants and that is helping me a lot.
Thanks for a great post. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for a great post! I will not drink with you today.
I am one of those people. And here I am today unable to get out of bed. Sick to my stomach with a pounding headache because I tried to moderate this week. It's just not worth it. Life is actually so much better Sober. 
Truth!  No drinks is easier.
Your year and a half is an inspiration to me. Something you said really made me think: The point of drinking was to get drunk -- or at least buzzed. I think one glass of wine would be unsatisfying so why risk it? IWNDWYT
So true.  It's a slippery slope.  It always is.
Part of my brain still wants to think moderation is possible. All of the experience I've gained from failed attempts at moderation proves otherwise but those thoughts still linger in there somewhere. I know not to listen but the occasional thought of "well maybe if..." may never go away. ..I'm not drinking today. A side benefit of sobriety is I can be up early enough to get my grocery run done before noon on a Sunday which means the store will not sell me wine or beer (liquor stores are never open here on Sundays) even if I beg. 
This is something that helps me stay sober. I don't tell myself "Well one won't hurt..." because I don't want one. I want twelve. I have never ever wanted only one drink. If I can't drink to get drunk I'd rather not drink at all...Which is also how I know I'm an alcoholic. Lol.
Thanks for posting this. I was one of those people wondering and romanticizing about some magical newfound moderation I'd have or train myself to have but you're right: what *is* the point when my entire point was to get fucked up and out of control to mask the every day pain I felt?
Thanks for this. I endlessly worry about the future me and the future "ah I'll be ok I've been sober for so long one night/sip/drink/shot won't undo all that" etc etc nonsense. It really does scare me...Because like you I drank to get drunk/buzzed and feel good. One drink ain't gonna cut it for that it's just gonna piss me off and even more frightening I think is thinking that be*cause* one drink ain't gonna cut it (cuz it didn't use to) I'll drink at the pace/volume that I did before and really really hurt myself. &lt;--this is what keeps me from picking up a drink right now. At least for now. 
The part that really struck me while reading "The Naked Mind" with regards to moderation was the amount of energy expended making all the little decisions whilst trying to moderate. You have to decide: When it's okay to drink what you can drink how many you can drink and when you'll make yourself stop drinking. Abstaining just takes one decision Am I going to drink? Nope! Done.
Great post! Everything you said was also true for me. It can't be said enough: a true alcoholic cannot moderate.
"If you have to try to moderate then you can't." It took me far too long to learn that lesson. It also took me too long to understand that I drank because I wanted to get drunk because being drunk felt good. For a time it was about the ONLY thing that made me feel good. Of course I always regretted it the next day but I didn't stop until I got treatment.
Yesterday i went to a bar with a friend..the sun was out so she had a beer..just one beer..a beer....Today i spent all day at the park with some friends..one of my friends brought a beer..one beer..a beer....That still feels so stupid useless and foreign to me that i'm sure its still a problem :) As long as you don't see the point in just having one beer i imagine i have a problem with alcohol. Then again if you could just have one beer then whats the point?..Fuck that first drink..and fuck that first drink tomorrow..fuck all the drinks....I should order This naked mind..everyone is so full of love about that book and i need a book to help me get my tan :) 
I succeeded at moderation. I used to drink to get hammered and took a two year break finding that I wanted to have a small occasional glass of wine or beer again. ..It worked for me. I have maybe one alcoholic drink a week tops. When it's beer I can usually only manage 10 ounces and pour the rest out. ..When it's wine I pour half the amount normal folk do and I sip it over an hour. ..It works for me. I used to want to give up control through the drink. Now I have no desire to lose control whatsoever. I'm addicted to being in control actually which means I avoid intoxication. I fear it. ..That said I know it doesn't work for most people. But something clicked with me mentally where the desire to get fucked up no longer exists within me. ..I was addicted to a lifestyle. Not a substance. 
&gt;I drank to get drunk. Trying to monitor my consumption was torture. Having just two or three drinks was a waste of my money and time. The stress of constantly worrying about controlling how many drinks I had just wasn't worth it. Zero drinks is so much easier. Zero drinks takes up so much less space in my head. Zero drinks has zero hangovers...Fucking this all day long...
Amen...couldn't have said it better myself!!    ..IWNDWYT 
My favorite line is "it's easier to keep a tiger on a cage than on a leash"
Thank you for the reminder Papi - my Lizard brain keeps tossing little grenades into my mind "what about when Kiddo finishes highschool surely you'll be able to have a glass of fizz then?" "what about Kiddo's 18th birthday party? 21st Birthday party" [that one is fucking a decade away but Lizzie has it on the "occasions that booze would go well with" forward planning calendar].  gah. it's tiring if I try arguing with Lizzie about these things. Easier to just throw up a Berlin Wall and say "No. I don't drink. end of story.".
[removed]
Yeah I told myself I'd cut out hard liquor and then I'd limit my beer intake to one a night or so and a few on the weekend... after a couple days I was back to a six pack a night and four or five pulls off a bottle... so yeah moderation doesn't work for me. 
Thank you for this...I keep saying I can "cut back". I don't drink every day but when I drink I DRINNNKKKK. I was diagnosed with ADHD late in life and a therapist told me that impulsivity is a big part of that.
Totally fucking bad idea I just had but I just go for it: ..Could you rewire your brain with moderation (if you can stick to it it 100% theoretically) ? So your brain is used to high amounts of alcohol for a long period of time and releases a high amount of dopamine in anticipation every time you drink again. So now this is your brains response once the drug is in your system. but what if you could be able to (and again it's of course hard because it goes against every rule in an addiction) drink just a little bit from time to time and not go on a drinking frenzy. Shouldn't that lower the dopamine release of your brain in reaction to this drug once the high "anticipation" is not met enough times? As you said your brain learned this reaction over time why would it be impossible to unlearn it ? In theory that would also decrease your risk of bad relapses since from a biological standpoint your brain does not automatically require being black out drunk again. .Of course the mental side of addiction is another thing and would definitely hinder the physiological side as well.
I was literally talking to my husband about this exact thing tonight. He is struggling with the idea that I can never drink again. He is fine with just a beer or two. I'm not. If I drink it has to be every night &amp; I have to be drunk senseless. ..He said tonight he hopes I can get better so I can drink with him again eventually. I had to make the point that this has to be lifelong... and I don't think moderation is a thing for me ever. ..It's hard though. 
It's 9PM and I'm queasy from last night. Moderation doesn't work well for me. 
&gt; Never drink again?? That's why "one day at a time" works so well. Just focusing on not drinking for the next 24 hours adds up faster than you think. I can honestly say that after a year and a half living an alcohol-free life feels completely normal. ..Popped in here just before  heading to bed. Was mildly shocked that I hit 554 and didn't even notice. It feels normal not to drink. No time for it. Feels good to have that monkey in his little cage leaving me alone. Peace to you all. One day at a time does work and it does add up...
It helps.
Nicely stated. I have been able to negotiate myself around any self imposed rules of moderation. Zero is very simple and non negotiable. In this context I "embrace the zero." 
So important for me to remember this always and forever!  A drink just makes me want another one no matter how many I've had.  I was always chasing the "perfect level" of being buzzed but not sloppy but one thing leads to another.  I can't enjoy the first two beers without escaping the consequences of drinking the other 28! 
Rely great post. Keep stuff like this coming you have no idea just how helpful stuff like this is good on you!
Dopamine and serotonine management should be incorporated into a short mandatory high school course! Well it wouldnt do any harm in spreading knowledge about them at least how to manage and what they actually do. Might be more effective than the joke that is DARE projects or as we have/had. "Drug free generation".
I practically said the exact same thing a few minutes ago in another post. It took me a month to finally feel this way. I quit drinking Again EVERY SINGLE DAY. IWNDWYT
