-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ars1u/made_it_my_first_week/

Well... 8 days. Pretty stoked. I already am seeing such an improvement.....I have a wicked sore arm because last night I learned how to crochet and made a Pikachu Amigurumi. Pretty impressed with my self. It feels infinitely better waking up seeing something I created rather than waking up to something I've destroyed like my bank account relationships damage to my belongings/house. etc. It's not a great feeling waking up vomiting then remembering then sketchy weirdo you invited over and hooked up at 3AM while black out drunk and then having to get up and go to work hung over as hell spending the rest of the day trying to remember their name. THEN spending the next week worrying I have contracted some horrible disease wasting my time going to doctors to get checked getting blood tests. I'm also a hypochondriac so... what. the. fuck. ..My aunt passed away last month. She helped raise me along with my grandmother and it was the worst thing ever seeing her slowly die... I think she's the one giving me the strength to do this. I also think it was a really big reality check for me... this life doesn't last forever and one day I'll be in her position... and what will I have to look back on? A life of happiness and a sense knowing I tried my best at everything... or a life of regret and sadness and what ifs? What will they say about me at my funeral... would people even show up if I continue this destructive path? My aunt accomplished so much in her life despite the odds stacked against her. My family unit went from 4 people to 3. Normally I would just want to drink all this away but I can't ever relapse and I have this strong feeling I'm never going back. My family need me too bad. I have to take care of my little sister and my grandmother because they look up to me so much... ..Oh I also started bodybuilding again. Only been back 2 days and was going today but my arm hurts like crazy from that crocheting... "sorry bro can't lift today that crocheting kicked my ass last night". ... lol..Anyways sorry for long post...We can do this! ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong fellow Scorpio!  Congrats on your first week   iwndwyt!
You've got this! IWNDWYT
My aunt died in July. That firecracker of a woman has left the earth and I'm still here? Ugh. IWNDWYT.
