-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8as1yn/relapse_reset_rethinking_rehab/

Hello all!.I haven't rest my badge yet  but haven't had a drink since Friday.  Following the drama of that day (being a drunken mess in public stiches after meeting some ungentle police) I realized that had to be  my last straw. Aside from a few brief stays at behavioral wards I've never truly sought deep  supervised care to deal with alcoholism  and the depression/anxiety twins.  I checked myself to a local ER Friday night but they didn't have room for my perceived crisis level.  Tomorrow I'm going visit/call some facillities in my area (MoCo MD) and wanted to ask what everyone's experiences have been.  I don't like it  but I think I'm going to petition for inpatient..Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Thought: kudos to you for reaching out! For a lot of people rehab is only considered when friends/family force someone's hand. It takes a lot of guts to do it because it's the right thing...It'll be upon you and them to decide whether rehab is best. But you definitely deserve credit for taking the action. Be proud of yourself and the steps you're taking for your own recovery.
Just got out of rehab about a month ago. Best thing I've ever done to learn about addiction. It was majorly helpful for me personally. Good luck with your decision. ..Also made the choice to go on my own. 
I went into a pysch hospital depressed and came out an alcoholic!!!..Best thing that ever happened to me. 2 weeks inpatient 2 weeks outpatient and 11 months weekly aftercare. ..Do what they tell you.  Sleep when they tell you. Eat when they tell you. Be rigorously honest in all your discussions with therapists and doctors.  Go to any meetings they recommend.  Don't drink when you get out.  Use a local recovery program whether it is AA SMART RR or something else.  Don't take the first drink.  Eat healthy. Hang around clean and sober people. ..Easy Peasy. Good luck. 
One of my biggest sober inspirations - my youngest Aunt - put herself in rehab for alcoholism. 30-something years later she is still sober and a bloke she met there that she dated after they'd both come out and been sober for a bit... well they've been married and sober together for close to 30 years  maybe more - strongest marriage and happiest couple in our whole family actually...That said my second cousin who also did rehab is right back in the mire. so I think a lot of how well it works afterwards comes down to how the individual applies what was learned when back out in the world. But it sure as heck equips you with a lot of tools and insights - as well as giving the gift of being able to be 100 percent focused on recovery for that time...What ever you decide - wishing you strength and healing - and I won't be drinking with you :).
Thank you for the responses and shares :) .After a phone screening conducted on Monday I had to wait after days while they verified insurance  checked for outstanding warrants  etc.  When I followed up with them they let me know that I will be admitted this Monday a.m. I'm a bit nervous about it but I also feel some relief and excitement knowing that the die has been cast.  I feel positive about going. 
