-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8azgi7/im_really_struggling_the_last_few_weeks_my/

I'm almost forgetting how bad I felt when I was drinking. I keep thinking if I just have one drink then I can give up on this while sobriety thing and start drinking again. I know I was miserable. I have a long history of addiction. It started out as a bad addiction to crystal meth when I was 18 and has moved from one thing to the next over the years. Alcohol being my longest lived addiction since becoming a mom 11 years ago. It's acceptable to drink alcohol as a mom. It's not acceptable to smoke meth. I also am 1 year clean this month from an adderall addiction. I've been struggling with wanting to take it again. Adderall made me just as miserable as alcohol. Yet somehow I keep thinking I can get some and as long as I don't drink I'll be okay. I'm scouring the internet for supplements diet pills energy drinks anything that will make me feel something. I'm struggling so bad with having nothing to get me out of my head. 
----------immediate responses--------

How about meditation?  There are lots of guided ones on youtube.  Deepak Chopra has some.  IWNDWYT
I feel for you!  I've been struggling really bad as well.  I'm actually doing worse sober than when I was drinking emotionally. ..The only thing getting me through right now is focusing on people's stories who say they didn't start feeling better until 6 months or 1 year.  Seems to be a pretty common thing.  It would be a real shame to cut the experiment short and then always wish you had made it further into sobriety to see what it becomes...Also adderall is terrible.  I know so many people who have been addicted to it and the fun never lasts.  Every single person has gotten burnt out and come to hate it at some point.
Have you seen a doctor or therapist yet?  I'm so sorry to hear you are struggling so hard and I hope you can find the support you need.  Please hang in there I do hope you find a way to deal with this discomfort in the healthiest way possible.  Hugs and love to you   iwndwyt 
Is it a fucking full moon? Because I feel like killing someone the past few days. Hang in there.
You've done an amazing job -- clean from Adderall a year and 135 days off alcohol! It sounds like you have a ton of strength and I'll bet your personality has more wonderful sides to it than just the addict one although that can often yell the loudest. I heard someone refer to that part as 'a child lost in the woods' which helps me feel compassion...I know for me I had to get interested and engaged in other things. In my case that was a creative project. And also make as much people (or dog) contact as possible as it calms my nervous system. I also use meditation-type stuff to tune into my body and just 'be' with the anxious feelings.
