-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b0smo/trying_to_get_back_on_the_horse_help_needed/

Hi all last year I joined this subreddit and managed to go two months without any alcohol. I was really beginning to enjoy sober life until I fell off the bandwagon. I don't class myself as an addict but as a problem drinker I will go all working week without a drink then as as soon as Friday I will drink until Sunday evening. Once i start there's literally no stopping me. The cause of my relapse was my persuasive family alcohol has always been at the centre of every family gathering and is impossible to get away from. Even me suggesting that i'm going sober has them saying things like "Oh why would you do that?" or "Wait till Friday and you'll be drinking again" I suspect they are doing this to avoid guilt about their own binge drinking behaviour. Recently my binges have been getting heavier and heavier and i'm beginning to feel the physical effect. I've made the decision finally that i've had my fun with alcohol and it's time for a new chapter in my life. How can I convince my family to take me seriously and stop peer-pressuring me back into drinking and also how to avoid temptation when in situations with alcohol?
----------immediate responses--------

It can be tough to convince family at first. The best way I've found has been putting the proof in the pudding so to speak. Live sober and continue to do so and eventually they'll have no choice but to take you seriously. Meanwhile you just have to stick to your guns and tell them no...In my case it was kind of the opposite my family wanted me to be sober but had a hard time believing me at first when I said I'd quit drinking. Only with time are they finally starting to accept that I do not drink.
&gt;how Can I convince my family to take me seriously and stop..You can't...I didn't focus on what others do or do not do.  My life and my sobriety are too important to turn over to other people...I make my choices.  Everyone else maks their choices.  That's actually pretty convenient...&gt;how to avoid temptation when in situations with alcohol ?..These are two separate things.   Avoiding Temptation  is easier and different than  Resisting Temptation ...Avoiding occurs prior to the event in which I consciously and purposefully choose to not be in the presence of temptation.  This is where the time worn adage  dry people and dry places  comes in.  I simply decide in advance to not attend... Resisting  is when Temptation is present now in front of me.  That's more dangerous and requires exceedingly strong willpower in the beginnng.  I tried  avoidance  whenever possible..
On the temptation I'd usually know before hand if I was going into a situation that would be more tempting. I'd spend sometime on here and most importantly make a commitment early on in the day that no matter what I'm not drinking today...On your family that can be tough. You obviously don't want to avoid them and you enjoy spending time with them. Sometimes I've found just being blunt and not giving them much else can pretty effective. Nope I'm not drinking. Sometimes you have to be a broken record and keep repeating that but eventually they'll get tired of asking.   
