-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b27kw/any_tips_for_when_the_pink_cloud_dissipates/

Sober is my new normal now (yay!) but I'm feeling a bit down as the weight loss has slowed and I no longer feel high on life!..Any tips from those ahead of me?..I'm also conscious that the 90ish day mark seems to be a bit of a danger zone for relapse so keen to avoid that if possible!
----------immediate responses--------

Working on some achievable goals is helpful to me. Think of anything you've been putting off and what step one is for that (don't go rushing steps though!) Accomplishing stuff can keep you motivated...I find when I'm helping people here who've relapsed or are just coming into sobriety it reminds me why I'm doing this...Realize that just because the pink cloud is dissipating doesn't mean the way things are is the new permanent. Things will likely continue to improve; drinking would only be a setback...And you already realize that certain milestones are troublesome for many so there's one thing you've got in your corner already...Just a few things that helps me. It sucks to lose the pink cloud but in a way it's still progress. You're aware of things. That's good! Sometimes people lose the PC and automatically relapse. You've got more to fight for though one day at a time.
Um yea I'm not much ahead of you but I'll off this up: I'm kinda numbers &amp; goal orientated by nature so I keep a spreadsheet that adds up how much money I've saved by not drinking. And then I spend it on cool shit that I want for me. .(As of today $650). 
Planning vacations was really helpful for me - as long as you feel comfortable leaving your normal routine. I took a few small trips and then around planned a big international trip for day 500. 
My pink cloud only recently started to dissipate. And I think it's because sober is my new normal now. Kinda like the honeymoon phase wearing off in a relationship.  But I embrace it. Afterall it's what we're working towards...What's next though is complacency. The confidence of sobriety is it's own pink cloud. This is where I'm at now. I fear the farther I get from old me I can see how easy it would be to forget how bad it really was and then think I can moderate. ..I'd say you're in a good mindset if you're already thinking about these things too at 60ish days. I like what others have suggested about setting goals. This helped me. In the last year I've left an abusive relationship got my own place been promoted at work and started a master's program. Start rebuilding other areas of your life at the same time. It's been a huge help for me. That's how I've been able to ride the pink cloud for so long. Now I'm addicted to personal growth and goal setting. Next up is weight loss to go with this new version of me...IWNDWYT     
Thank you for your replies! I had a drinking dream last night so grateful it wasn't real. .Getting ready for work and I finally got out of my head and could see the positive changes again. .Tomorrow I start back at the gym. Super nervous but I know I need it!
