-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b2plo/thoughts_when_youre_all_alone_and_no_one_would/

I'm on Day 83 and it's been pretty manageable considering I used to have 3-4 glasses of chardonnay every night for over a decade.  There are days of struggle but they are mere moments and they pass. I'm supported &amp; kept accountable by having my husband &amp; kids around. However... ..I am kid-free for a few nights this week and my husband is away on a guys' vacation in sunny FL (getting plastered I'm sure it's his 50th).  I have the house to myself. This thought keeps playing in my mind... no one is around no one will know if you drink a bottle of wine one night. What's the harm? I'll feel lousy most likely the next day and go back to sobriety. Or will I? What about the guilt and would I ever tell anyone.  Am I doing this as a personal experiment what would happen if I did drink? It definitely seems like a rabbit hole no idea what will be on the other side...I liken it to cheating when you have an opportunity to never get caught. Do you do it? What about your conscience? No one would know no one gets hurt. Except the guilt. And your self respect. But is it realistic to compare falling off the wagon to cheating?..Sometimes I find it hard to remember why i decided to stop drinking. I memorized the basics like It's not good for my body &amp; it became a habit. And it definitely fueled many arguments with my SO (which have dramatically decreased biggest plus for me). But now that I'm alone for a bit what's the big deal? So what this 83 day streak. It's just a number. What is this some kind of personal challenge I'm putting myself through? ..My favorite wines are still in the rack. I see them daily and usually am not tempted. I've got an amazing willpower when I put my mind to it. But I also am an overthinker and am afraid I'll brainwash myself to go to the dark side for a night.  I'm reaching out for any words of wisdom devils advocate been there and this is what happened etc. ..IWNDWYT... I'm 99% sure I won't tomorrow either. I think. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;No one would know..Ah you've let the cat out of the bag now 100000 strangers on the internet know!!..That wine on the rack isn't going to magically jump into your mouth and you know exactly what will happen if you make a conscious decision to drink it... The choice is yours!..The whole *will-I-won't-I* game can be exhausting and takes up valuable headspace... I wonder what *else* you could do to treat yourself while you have the time to do as you please that won't lead to you waking up feeling manky... Bubble bath? Food and a movie? Have a friend or two round for tea? Reading in bed?..Congrats on 83 days that's a great streak you have going!..IWNDWYT or tomorrow if you want!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
I thought about that last night when I opened the fridge and saw the husband's opened bottle of cabernet sauvignon. Self you could just pull the cork out slam some or savor it in a glass recork it and nobody would ever know. Nobody would care if they found out either. TBH the only person who cares about my sobriety is me. The rest of the world seems to prefer me drunk...Except for me. I'd know. And I care. And I like myself sober better than constantly drunk or hungover. Every other time I caved in to "just one" drink it was a long LONG time before I could make it past 3-4 days sober again. So I closed the fridge door and opened a LaCroix...IWNDWYT
Yeah I was there on Saturday.  Had the house to myself for once - no kids no spouse.  62 days interrupted by three measly shots of vodka.  And you know what?  I wasn't puking I didn't black out or anything.  Hell I was basically sober by the time I went to bed.  But the next day I had the worst anxiety I've had in at least six weeks and snapped at my family way too times.  Worse than that even though I asked for a new badge immediately I've now opened the door to "I don't have much to lose if I want to get a 'real' drunk in before I rack up too many days."..So on the whole I'd recommend not doing that.
I've had this conversation with myself far too many times haha.  For me I've always been a social binge drinker but these past few years when I made an effort to start trying to get sober I went through exactly what you're describing and gave in.  The problem was ... I got away with it.  I promised my wife originally I would stop drinking because I turn into a total idiot when drunk and out socially but yet here now I found this little guilty pleasure I could keep to myself.  I mean I promised to stop because I couldn't control my drinking when out at the bar but now I would be home alone what's the harm!  ..Long story short it's not worth it.  Hidden secrets creates the shame that binds us.  Originally I said I would do it once and never do it again (this was after my first 4 months or so of sobriety).  I just wanted to feel that wonderful drunken feeling again!  But guess what?  Next time my wife took the kids for a weekend to Grandmas I did it again.  And again and again and again for a few years.  I would be sober in between just waiting for the next time.  It sucks and it's not worth it.  Waking up alone in you're own home after being on a solid sober streak with a pounding hangover is dreadful.  Worse is running around the house cleaning up empties cleaning so nobody will know and then being afraid for a few days that you missed some clue and you're going to get found out...Nope not worth it!
Maybe you should write down the reasons you quit so you can remind yourself when you can't remember. ..I kept mine simple.  Last time you almost killed yourself. Next time you probably will. Don't take the first drink.  ..IWNDWYT 
Congrats on 83 days! I live alone now so I know how that feels. Maybe it's a good opportunity to blast some music and run around naked? Or something similar. Or go crazy baking? Etc. Best of luck! I will not drink with you today.
I might hide the wine rack if I were you. I don't think I could look at that every day. It would tempt me too much and willpower is a finite resource. ..It's definitely a tempting situation but you know if you do it you'll likely end up right back where you started in no time. I know I would. I'm going on vacation to New Orleans this week &amp; not planning to drink cuz I know I won't stop there. ..Those 83 days awesome. Keep checking in with us! You got this! IWNDWYT
Thank you so much. Yes that would be me running around trying to cover up. Making sure to replace the bottle I drank for fear someone would notice. And the guilt shame disappointment. It would creep into my daily life. That one time would rob me of more than that one "indiscretion"... I'd be a nervous wreck. Which would probably lure me to drink even moreso. Thank you for your words. You definitely helped me see this better :) 
