-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8beos7/checking_in_on_day_2_of_being_sober/

A few of you left a comment telling me to check in today so here I am I'll try not to let this get too long...First off thank you so much to this incredible community and everyone that left such kind and supportive comments. Today was not an easy one and every time I felt weak I read all of your comments on my post. They all gave me the courage and strength to keep going. ..So "today" started off at about 4am for me. I had the most horribly vivid nightmare I've had in years. I honestly can't even tell you the last time I remember dreaming. This nightmare involved my little brother and it scared the hell outta me. I woke up hysterical and couldn't fall asleep until 5 or 6am. Once I dragged my ass out of bed around 11 I made some coffee and a bagel and it felt amazing to not have a raging headache. I had to call Comcast to deal with some bull on my account that's been an issue for a few months and ended up being on the phone for 2 hours. I of course wanted nothing more than to drown my frustration in booze but I refrained. After that I hurried and got ready and ended up having to drive downtown in school traffic. I started having a major major anxiety attack paired with massive shakes. I didn't realize how much the constant drinking had numbed my anxiety but oh boy it's back with a vengeance. It was a struggle to get myself out of my car into the building I needed to go to but I did it. I then met up with a sober friend of mine for coffee and chatted with her for about an hour. On my way home I passed my old favorite bar and the adjoining pizza place that sells beer and almost cried. I very nearly went for "just one secret beer!!!" but I stopped myself. I then went and got my car washed and cleaned it out which I haven't done in months. It felt amazing. Coming home was hard today. I decided to make a nice dinner for myself and almost sliced my hand open several times because I was shaking so bad. But I did it and this is the first time I've cooked sober in about a year. I then watched tv with my roommate which was very difficult because that's always when I would get into the brunt of my drinking for the evening. I started getting a horrible headache so I excused myself for bed and called my mom and bawled like an infant. Haha. Now I'm here and I am really hoping tomorrow is easier even if it's by a tiny bit. I'm scared shitless of feeling things again. I'm manic depressive and have generalized anxiety that is oftentimes debilitating. I went off my meds and self medicated with alcohol long ago so I don't even remember what to expect. But tomorrow is a new day. I'm treating myself to getting my hair done and I made plans to take my little brother bowling. I'm excited and I can't wait to be sober for him. He hasn't had his real sister around for far too long. I am so excited to be the real me for my loved ones again. My mom is so beyond happy that I'm sober. She knows alcohol has been destroying my life for far too long. But now I'm taking it back for myself and for my loved ones. ..Sorry for the length. I hope everyone had a fantastic day today and if it wasn't I hope you know you're strong enough to get through it. Tomorrow is a new day for all of us one that isn't going to be ruined by booze. Our lives are back in our hands. ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT 
You did awesome not drinking during some triggering situations. That's awesome. Day 3 will be even better!
Fantastic well done. The anxiety will ease with time my first few days felt like a constant panic attack but now it's eased and my heart is calm. Keep up the good work. I will not drink with you today 
Keep it up! The first week is the hardest. But remember it's 7 days to save 10000 days. Things will regulate. This first week don't overexert yourself take it as easy as possible keep your mind occupied (Netflix books whatever) drink TONS of water and let yourself cry scream and wail as much as you need to. This first week is ROUGH but it's worth it. ..Just take it Day by Day Hour by Hour Minute by Minute. ..You got this. But strap yourself in. It's a bumpy ass ride.
Stick with this!  IWNDWYT  
