-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bj14s/32_days_sober_after_eight_years_of_being_blacked/

I'm 31 and I've been drinking almost every day since I was 23. I'm an addict. I'm addicted to the feeling of being completely fucked up.  Luckily I got control of the hard drugs and don't do them any more. But when I drink I always black out. ..I've been lurking on this sub for the last couple years while I've been having an internal struggle of realising I'm an alcoholic quitting and starting again. Last year I went three weeks without a drink and felt great. I drank and found myself six months later still blacking out every night. ..I am now on day 32 of not drinking. I have almost completely lost the urge to drink and my wife was able to have wine in the house. We just found out she is pregnant so she isn't drinking wine anyways. The baby is even more  motivation to stay sober. ..I just want to thank every one of you that support people through these challenges because you help lurkers too. I'll be here more now because I want to make sure I make it. And I'm too embarrassed to tell my friends or ask them for help. After I fix my drinking I'll work on my pride. .
----------immediate responses--------

Get yourself a badge you'll already be at the one star level and should be so proud to have come this far!
Welcome out of lurkdom and congrats on the 32 days and forthcoming sprog!..&gt;I'm too embarrassed to tell my friends or ask them for help..*Actions* speak louder than words and you're among friends here!..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
Welcome!! 32 days is incredible. And congratulations on your wife's pregnancy. Sounds like a great time to be sober. :)
Good going on 32 days . You have a lot to look forward to with a baby. I wont drink with you today . 
Congrats to you and you have something beautiful to look forward to.  Wishing you all the best :)
Congrats on the baby and these positive life changes 
Always had the hardest time quitting alcohol vs other drugs. 
Great for you! Congrats on your baby and on your new sober and beautiful life! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on the great decision! You've already given your little one a huge gift by deciding to be sober. As far as working on your pride... you're sobriety is something to be very proud of and anyone who isn't proud back can take a hike. Keep up the great work we're here for you and you can do this!
Congratulations! 32 days after drinking for so long is huge. Good job!
Keep it up
I'm also 31. Congrats on the future baby. You can enter this new phase out your life and be clean and sober so your child never have to experience having a parent who drinks like you used to. 
..A great first step.....Good luck and continued success to you
Congrats Im proud of you! We all are!
What made you realize you're an alcoholic? Asking because I have a friend who's 29 who's been drunk everyday for the last 12 years. Very hard to watch. I'm afraid by the time he gets over his pride the damage he's doing will be irreversible. ..
Congratulations! Good work! :) 
Way to go!  Congrats on the baby and your new fabulous life!  
Congrats! As someone who's looking to finally quit and been drinking as heavily for nearly the same amount of time - how were the withdrawals? Literally the only thing stopping me from making an attempt right now is my lack of health insurance and fear of withdrawals...Also congrats on the baby!
CONGRATS - YOU WILL DO THIS!
Good to have you here. Your post helped me today so thank you.
Congrats for so many wonderful things: a patient and loving wife baby on the way and making it 32 days!! Y'all are an inspiration! I've started and stopped so many times fighting that same struggle. I'm feeling especially today for some reason. IWNDWYT!!
Congrats to you!! For 32 days of fighting the good fight of a new baby - good stuff!! I found that coming here was what worked for me - I could let my hair down be real and get used to the new sober me. As time goes on I am more comfortable  saying that I don't drink anymore and getting real with the people that matter most to me - kids and SO. Slow but sure! Congrats again!!
Congratulations!..Pride is a luxury I certainly couldn't afford when I first started. Good luck!
That's Awesome!
Congratulations!
This is wonderful news. Congratulations on 32 keep the ball rolling. I'm 65 and have been struggling for years I only wish I had come to the realization when I was your age Dont Let this opportunity  this wonderful new life that lays ahead of you fall victim to the bullshit of alcohol. keep coming backgive us some updates and we're all behind you.
Congrats brother!  I'm happy and proud for you!  Stay strong and IWNDWYT. 
God love you man. You are going to be the best dad. .
Great Job my friends! Keep pushing!
Congratulations! A new baby! 
Proud of you. Quitting has a starting point and your way past that now congratulations. 
Congratulations on the new baby! 
congratulations on all the good things man
I don't know you and you don't know me. But as someone who is currently drunk because of fear and extreme anxiety I'm very proud of you. It might not seem like a big deal but randomly reading this shit gives me hope
Congrats to you!
Congratulations on your newfound sobriety putlook and pregnancy! :) What a wonderful turn of events...I'm also addicted to being fucked up and not just the need to drink. The absolute wreckage of the last 17 years is a blur. 36 myself and smartened up later than you but I'm still happy every time I realize I've had the strength to both get sober and stay sober. You will too and your first month is in the books. Celebrate every year your second birthday and stay the course my friend!..IWNDWYT
So great man! I'm 36 days sober myself and your post brought a huge smile to my face. That baby is no coincidence my friend. It's time for you to start your new life! Many good times ahead. Best of luck. 
This awesome. I spent my entire 20s like this. And now I have the oppurtunity to live every day conscious learning and remembering my 30s. And so do you Haha! Woo
Good job!!!
Good job.  Your baby's life is immeasurably better because of your choice.  So is yours...You rock.
Keep it up! Great work we are with you! IWNDWYT 
Well done. All the best with keeping it up. One day at a time.
Congratulations! You are killing it! What an exciting time for you and your wife! I am so happy not to drink with you today and job well done. 
Dude great decision. And it keeps getting better from here. .Later on in life you'll thank yourself for all the upcoming memories you got to keep. 
I want to congratulate you and encourage you to get that wine out of the house even if you feel completely confident right now.  Otherwise you're looking at 9 more months of the bottle just sitting around.  It's not too hard to buy another after the baby arrives. 
Congrats! I'm 31 and recently bailed on the blackout life as well. Solidarity! 
Awesome!   I get so pumped when I see posts like this. 
Thanks for being an inspiration. Transparency on this subreddit makes such a difference for lurkers such as myself. Congrats on your 32 days and thank you for posting.
Having your kid never see you blackout drunk is a cool thing. Congrats.
Stay sober my friend and good things will come
Hi and welcome. We are all in the same boat. Staying sober. I would strongly suggest getting the booze out of the house for at least the first year because too many have relapsed this exact way.  I hope you stay with us. 
I don't know why but every time I drink it feels like my mission is to get black out drunk... I'm never satisfied with being buzzed I need to take it to the limit.
Good stuff stay strong.
That is some great news and your timing couldn't be better. Welcome to your new and better life. I recommend to not even have one drink because in my experience no matter how many sober days I've had that first drink leads to twenty. Good luck to you and congratulations on the upcoming child
Nice work buddy! 
Coming for a similar place like yourself and looking to quit as well. I'm happy for you and keep it up!
Awesome!!  Congrats on 32 days and on the baby!!
Congrats on the baby...exciting times ahead....have to  be sober for that trip to the hospital....and the early morning late night routine....this my friend is the meaning of life....sober parenting...at least it is in my humble opinion.... 
Nice work keep it up!!!
I found that my fear and loathing dissipated with the lack of booze in my system and those feelings were eventually replaced by confidence and self-respect. I'm guessing that not drinking will likely allow your pride to come back without even having to specifically work on it  :) ..I'm really glad you are here. 
That's awesome. For me  I was not able to fix my addiction by myself. I needed help. Friends who don't understand addiction may not be useful. But don't be afraid to ask for help from anyone knowledgeable about addiction--family doc AA another sober alcoholic or addict etc..
Grats man that month+ sober has to feel great. I am looking forward to it!! 
