-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bkfgr/just_dropped_in_to_see_what_condition_my/

And apparently I have 100 days without a drink today! I actually haven't been counting. I've had a few tries at this whole quitting drinking thing but this time feels different. I don't want to say easy but definitely not as much as a struggle as it's been before. ..I think I've finally surrendered to the idea that no I cannot drink. Not one Not at all. Not in a car not on a train not at the bar not on a plane. ..I've done things differently this time. I've been in AA (and when I say AA I mean secretary of my home group district representative. I was very very involved) SMART Recovery in-patient hospitalization. I know all too well how you are "suppose to" quit drinking. But this time I broke all the rules for whatever reason it appears to be working. ..My husband still drinks beer every night and sometimes I have a non-alcoholic one. People make fun of me for drinking them but I like it for when you want to feel a little more sophisticated than seltzer or soda with a meal. Or if I just feel like having a beer. ..Drinking a non-alcoholic beer for the first time was one of the most eye opening experiences of my life. I realized about halfway through that even though it looked and tasted like a beer the "switch" never turned on. I never got "that feeling". I never got the shiver-down-my-spine that I need to drink as much of this as I can. It was in that moment I fully realized how drinking was a different experience for me than it was for other people. There was no more denying it. It was right there in front of me. ..I know non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics. But for me having non-alcoholic beer is how I quiet the voice in my head that says "Well I don't want to get drunk I just like beer and I want one." If that is true than an non-alcoholic beer should be fine. If it's not then I know why I really want a beer. ..I still meet my friends at bars. I've actually found more and more of them "go to the bar" but really just be social and have one drink and switch to water or soda. No one seems to go to get shitfaced anymore so I don't feel uncomfortable joining. ..I use to feel like quitting drinking meant I had to clear my social calendar. No more events that might even have a hint of alcohol consumption. When I decided not to do that this time to carry on with my plans as I had laid them out just without having a drink. It's made a world of difference. Quitting drinking didn't feel like a punishment anymore but simply a healthy lifestyle choice that has little to no impact on any of my other activities...I still smoke weed so I can't claim to be "sober". I know it's not for everyone but weed helps me a lot. Rather than cloud my judgement (except maybe around the amount of cookies one person should eat in a sitting) it makes me very introspective. When I smoke weed it becomes very clear to me why I can't drink and I have no desire to touch the stuff. I'm almost afraid of it. It's an interesting phenomenon and I know it doesn't work like that for everyone but it does for me. ..I also take psychiatric medication for my bipolar disorder (if you talk to the old-school AA-ers a lot of them will claim this is not sober either!). I think one of the primary reasons why I drank was to self-medicate my symptoms. But it was a catch-22 because I couldn't be consistent on my medication while I was drinking. Now that I've given up mr. booze I'm finally stable!..Finally I just try not to think too much about it. I've done AA so I know that is very very much what you are not supposed to do but it's weirdly working. I just don't put too much emphasis on it and its just a non-issue. I can't drink so lets move on. It doesn't matter. ..I'm glad I stopped by today though - 100 days is pretty exciting! I know it's still very early. And maybe all this "rule breaking" will come back to haunt me. But so far so good! I've lost about 30 pounds work is going great my husband and I are buying a new house. I am super super excited for a sober summer. Life is good!!.......
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats .....great effort        
AA works for some but not for everyone. If you were in one on my old groups people would say you are full of it setting yourself up and some would even say you need to go back out there until you hit bottom. But they all forget the only requirement to join AA is a desire to stop drinking. Everything else is suggested advice and you should be able to take whats good for you and let the rest go.
Love that song!
Well done! It's so reassuring to read stories like yours. It makes me excited for what I might be capable of. 
Awesome job on 100 days!..I know exactly what you mean about the NA beer... It must be how 'normies' feel about regular beer i.e. I can have a couple every once in a blue moon and think *yep that's quite enough* rather than *MOOORRRRRE*!..(I'm also quite partial to a smoke of weed every now and then but can take it or leave it... the bloody tobacco is a different story though...)..Keep on keeping on!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Right?? It's so strange to not want to drink a thousand! I usually forget about it halfway through. Now I understand why normal people weren't as interested in  having drink after drink with me. 
I have never once heard someone in AA tell soneone else not to follow their doctor's orders.  ..Even if someone said something like that to me I would tell them to fuck off that they weren't my sponsor nor my doctor and I never asked them for their advice or opinion.  ..I am sorry someone gave you bad advice.  In the end each AA meeting is just a bunch of drunks trying to keep from being drunk. I might take their advice on the cheapest place to buy alcohol but other than that I'll listen to their stories and just take what I need. ..IWNDWYT 
Glad to hear you are doing well.  I don't think the how matters so much as the just doing it.  IWNDWYT
Great post! Weed has helped me too. I vape cannabis (Sour Diesel - sativa to be exact) and it really helped my get passed 30 days without alcohol.  I agree weed is not for everyone but it has made quitting drinking a lot easier.  It mitigates anxiety and depression without all the horrible side effects of alcohol.  No hangover dehydration guilt shame remorse drunk texts damage to liver/heart etc..  Compared to weed alcohol is just garbage water..  LOL!   
Love the Big Lebowski reference. IWNDWYT! Or that's what I associate that song with. Stay on the N/A's
