-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8blmks/if_youre_struggling_i_hope_this_helps_this_is_my/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Humbled. ..IWNDWYT 
Your story touched me deeply. You too are a blessing and do not forget that. You can not change the past and every second you waste on regret is stealing from yourself. Keep coming back here for courage and support.  You have got this!.
Wow that is a powerful story
Wow I relate to a lot of what you went through.  And you really have a gift for writing! That was captivating and inspirational. Thanks so much for sharing. It really demonstrates just how sneaky and awful alcohol is. It seems so fun and alluring but all it does is cause chaos and sadness and heartbreak. IWNDWYT
Keep going. Welcome. Iwndwyt. Plan. Post. Read. 
A very brave post congratulations for these steps and this exciting new life!
Thank you for sharing.  Sending you a huge hug and lots of love.
Thank you so much for sharing your story. I've been struggling with sobriety for the past few months and your story is incredibly touching. Very well-written and had me tearing up so glad to be apart of this community. 
Wow really great life story. Well written and truly heartfelt. Keep up the good work. People like you really make this forum worth my time. You are not alone. My story is long and filled with pain and suffering also. There is a light at the end of our tunnel though my friend. I wish you the best of luck. IWNDWYT! Thank you for sharing. 
Amazed at your honesty and inspired by what you have overcome! IWNDWYT
Thank you. I can really relate. I don't know you obviously but I am very proud of you. I will not drink with you today and celebrate!  
I'm so glad I read your post from top to bottom.  It's given me the hope and strength to focus on today leave the past as best I can and not summon the future before its time.  Thank you.  I will not drink with you today!
ThAnk you for this postthe time it took to composethe courage it took to share.IWNDWYT
Thank you so much for sharing your story. It is painful yet incredibly beautiful and real. You are helping me stay sober. I will not drink with you today. 
fucking so long
Thank you for your share....what a life changing experience that night was...how amazing your friend woke up and was able to asses and react to the situation so quickly....miracles do happen...Much love and best wishes 
Your story brought me right back to my drinking days. I walked a slightly longer and of course somewhat different path but reading a lot of this hit me right in the stomach. ..I know exactly what you meant when so said you didn't blame you ex for pushing you. I had roaring fights with my ex when I was in the deepest pit of my problem. Yeah he was a shit but so was I and in my drunken rage I prodded and prodded until he lashed back at me. More often than not he started the fight or was just being a straight-up ass but drunk me got nasty. I would fight dirty and provoke...And the driving... I remember once getting blackout at a college party after my friend ended up in bed with the owner of the house. I locked myself out of my dorm and the RA wouldn't let me in at 4am so I drove ALL the way to my parents' house. Totally blacked out. Somehow they didn't wake up when I bumbled in; if they had heard me who knows my dad might have shot me. My mom woke me up with a scream shocked to find me in my old bed. I had to piece together the night and make up some lie when I barely even knew where I was...Different path but the themes are the same. Self destruction self loathing. I'm so happy and so grateful that we are sober now and learning to love ourselves...Thanks for your story.
Girl u just broke my heart with this story. So brave and giving of u to share. your story is perfect example of how hurt people hurt people. Thank u for helping me to be even more compassionate to others as we really don't know what others are going through. I am so happy u had that friend with u in the hotel her love for u woke her up in time. You looking within now taking responsibility by taking care of yourself making amends and Avoiding romantic relationships for now reflects so much growth and maturity. So happy for u I could hug u. Those random memories and dark nights will continue for a while and I wish u all the strength of recovery to just take it one day at a time and breathe into the feeling and let them float away. So so proud u u are the perfect example of the strength of the human spirit. Have a great morning  and I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for sharing your life with us. I hope one day I have the courage to write my own. For now I will not drink with you today.
You reminded me of the first time I got drunk in highschool. I don't remember everything because it was a little more then ten years ago now (and I was drunk) but I remember being very sloppy and falling and hitting my head on the bathroom sink and people helping me. I should've heeded that warning as well. ..Thank you for sharing your story. You're doing great keep up the great work. I definitely related to a lot of what you've shared. xoxo
Thank you for sharing this
Not sure if you're working through AA or just making amends on your own but something I heard someone say is don't forget to put yourself on that list. Ask yourself for forgiveness and forgive yourself. 
Wow thank you everyone for the words of encouragement. I know my story is long and sometimes I forget the short and simple rule but it really helped me to write it all down and I hope it helped some of you in some way. I am continuing to not drink with you all today.
Fuck alcohol. It's a slow way of killing yourself. Miserable and full with pain. No moderation.
