-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bqzrc/where_to_start/

I struggle with titles sorry!   .  .Coming up on 300 is really strange for me because that's the sort of number I used to look at when I start this journey and think "damn that's a big number." I viewed it as a sort of goal - and currently it's my next 'milestone' of sorts I guess. After that going for the big 365 and then probably going to treat myself.  .  .Because (the impending) 300 seemed like such a great goal to strive for when I started this and because I quit a few days before I requested my badge and therefore may truly be around 300 days about now I'd like to take a moment to talk to everyone (especially the lurkers who may be thinking about embarking on this wonderful journey) about what things have changed over the past 3 hundred days. I'm still not the best at sleeping (ugh any tips?) but muddy linings can be found on even the most beautiful pair of shoes.   .  .- Decided to go to grad school.  .- Currently going to grad school.  .- Started going to the gym on a consistent basis to help me sleep.  .- Benched 1.5x BW Deadlift 2.25x BW Squat 1.8x BW..- Stopped going to the gym on a consistent basis and started running instead with the goal of completing my first half marathon in June and (fingers crossed) my first marathon in August.  .- Worked my way up to a 5k then a 10k then a 15k. Ran a slow 8k today and now running just feels like normal.   .- Started a job and went to work every day I was meant to until my boss fired me along with 6 other employees in the space of a week because he's actually a dirtbag and this isn't just some poor excuse because of shitty work performance.   .- Got another job.  .- Got another more professional job.  .- Got a fun job and quit because my boss wouldn't tell me who was liable for my equipment in case somebody broke it.  .- Bought myself an Xbox One. Love it for a good session in the evenings along with...  .- Chamomile Tea. I drink this shit by the bucket to "help me sleep" but honest to god I don't know if it even works. What I do know however is if I haven't had my second cup by 8pm then I'm thirsty for it like a kid who didn't get the chocolate milk like mum promised.   .- Started writing again.  .- Got really REALLY good in the kitchen. Currently trying to write a cookbook.  .- Mealprep like the meanest machine in the house. I don't think I've eaten a meal not out of tupperware in about 8 months now and I'm loving it. Absolutely would recommend if you guys have problems with consistent eating habits and are looking to change that - shameless plug but come join us over at /r/MealPrepSunday!  .  .So much more. I have to go to bed now because it's 1:20am and I'm still struggling with my sleep and I have to go up to uni tomorrow even though it's midsemester break.  .  .This post is not meant to be me bragging about what I've done over the last 300 days. This post is meant to let you folks know that you can start at rock bottom where I was pick yourself up dust yourself off and improve yourself. If I can do it you can do it. You are all wonderfully capable wholesome beautiful human beings and I believe in all of you.  .  .Best wishes from Down Under and best of luck no matter how hard or easy it is for you today. IWNDWYT and I hope YWNDWMT. .  .I've done all this in less than 300 days and it all started with .
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent post...congrats...an absolutely great effort..   
You sound so proud.  Congrats to you and keep on going! Best wishes :)
Congratz on your almost 300 days. Maybe try this for sleeping: melatonin combined with a strict sleeping shedule. And maybe some yoga? I am a bad sleeper as well and after years and years I noticed I needed routine to help me sleep. I know it sounds boring but it is worth it!
I love it! This makes me want to work on a list of goals and I bet I can accomplish them since you've done so much in 300 days!
Awesome accomplishments!  I'm training for a marathon as well.  Running is my ally in sobriety . Best wishes to you!
Congrats!
Sounds positively life-like!  I'm glad you get to enjoy your days!  HaPpY 300 days of Freedom    
