-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bumzl/still_trying_to_come_to_terms_with_this_last/

My healing journey has a lot challenges. I relapsed over the weekend after 3 1/2 months of sobriety. That may not be a lot for some but for me it's one of the longest of my life. For most of those 3 1/2 months I had peace of mind for the first time in my life. No crippling anxiety no thoughts of self-harm just waking up everyday knowing that I was going to be able to fulfill my duties and responsibilities. Each of these symptoms has come back with a vengeance. I am still trying to come to terms with why I drank and how I let my guard down on what was supposed to be a 'low risk' weekend. ..Tomorrow I going to meet with my bosses and tell them the truth. That I have struggled with this disease since I was a teen. Not sure what will happen but I know I need to tell the truth and hold myself accountable in order to move forward. Thank you for reading this. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know how you feel .. honesty is a huge key for sobriety at least it is for me .. pick yourself up and dust yourself off  :) you've  got this
Good luck kiddo. For me the key was to have a support network in place as early in sobriety as possible. This isn't something I planned so don't go thinking I'm all smart and stuff. I went to AA meetings and people gave me their numbers. Now this was back in the old days when we didn't have cell phones and social networks. We had change on our pockets and pay phones outside of gas stations and inside restaurants. ..I learned that they key to staying sober was calling out for help before I took the first drink.  And they taught me if I got used to talking when things were good then I wouldn't be afraid to call when things were going rough. ..AA might not be the right progtram for you. There are others. All I know is that it saved my life. I didn't think I was an alcoholic when I went to my first meeting. The doctors told me for my antidepressants to work I needed to stop drinking for awhile.  Well after awhile I liked the sober me a lot more than the drunken me. ..Don't be atraid to try the support groups. Everyone at those meetings has already been at their first meeting and all of us remember the feeling.  ..Here's to your future.   
You can get those good sober feelings back again.
I understand what you meant with the anxiety that comes after drinking. It will pass. That is what I would always tell myself when I would relapse and feel absolutely terrified. It will pass for you too. Hang in there! 
