-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bxck2/im_really_struggling_to_be_around_people_who_do/

I don't really know why I'm here and I don't really know if it's appropriate for me to post this here but I need to get this off my chest with people who understand what it means to be sober..I'm really struggling to be with people who constantly drink and smoke. They're my closest friends and I love them but I hate them for their sad obsession with drinking. I'm currently sitting in my room having been kept awake by them for 2 hours after they decide to drink and get high on a Thursday night when they all have class in the morning. They're stupid kids who have no control no respect or awareness for the consequences and no life outside of drinking and smoking. More than anything I just feel sorry for them - they're all so dependent on alcohol and drugs for purpose and entertainment and it breaks my heart to think these bright and prosperous kids needs these drugs for any kind of fulfilment...I'm sorry for posting if this isn't appropriate - I just don't know how to feel right now
----------immediate responses--------

When I was young I used to smoke a lot of pot. When I decided to quit I had to distance myself from people who still smoked. It was the only way. I made new friends who didn't smoke.   ..Good for you for becoming aware. Good luck!
Keep doing your thing!  You'll be in a place one day where you don't have to deal with roommates you can establish your own healthy living space.  In the meantime take the experience as a warning for what you *don't* want for yourself in your own life now and in your future.  If we start to lower our own values to fit in with other people there is no telling how far we will end up lowering them.  Big hug!  Have a good day out there and if you need to invest in some earplugs   
Enjoy them for whatever sober times you have with them. Their drinking doesn't make them bad unfortunately it's something you cannot connect with them on so take it as an opportunity to strengthen some introverted passions. 
