-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8byh8w/100_days_for_this_chronic_relapser_dont_give_up/

This is by far the longest amount of time that I've put together since 2004 and I can't believe I'm seeing it on my flair. Differences this time around: I got my doctor involved starting with a full physical. Attended group therapy and SMART meetings and stayed more or less engaged in this subreddit. I've also been on Vivitrol for the past two weeks which I think has helped a lot but that might have to stop because insurance won't cover it. (That's a whole different story.) Anyway to all of the chronic relapsers out there please hang in there for the next 24! It hasn't been easy - I've definitely had days where I had to crawl in bed early just to end the day sober - but it's been so so worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome work! Congrats on the century!!
Outstanding!
Congrats on triple digits. Wishing you many more days of freedom. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats on 100.
Amazing job!!! Thats a huge accomplishment! From one stranger to another: I'm proud of you!
Happy 100 sober twin :) glad the hard yards are feeling oh-so-worth it for you!! Well done on breaking free xxx.
Bravo!
Thank you. As much as I hate to hear that it isn't always rosy I need to listen to people who understand and are further down the road.    ..IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!  Well done.  
May I ask 'what's different this time?'. Is it the meetings? Because I tried for years to do it on my own and it was only when I went to AA with an open mind that I got clean. Do you think the SMART meetings are a big help to you?
Thanks for sharing this it's encouraging. I will not drink with you today!
Suggestion:  Get a prescription for cheap generic naltrexone (the same drug as vivitrol just not extended-release or whatever).  Keep the pills on you at all times: I got a little keychain thing that holds a few pills.  Then if you have a craving that feels inescapable pop the naltrexone.  The Sinclair Method is to do this deliberately but if even if you're not interested in that it helps to have that extra insurance in the early going.  The alcoholic brain learns pretty quick that there will be no bender once you find the strength to swallow the pill.
Whooo hooo!! When in doubt go to bed early (that has helped save me from myself more than once...) awesome job   
Congrats!!!!
Good to hear. Longest I have made it before was ninety days. I'm back on the wagon now and (duh) feel so much healthier physically. I've got my first sober weekend coming up. Going to take it minute by minute and get into bed with a book if I have too.
Strong work!  I have two weeks today.
I am also on my record as well! I did a few things different that finally helped me find the success I needed.
Thanks for sharing your success story!  IwNDWYT
I was on and out for 16 years. Will be 17 years sober in 2 months. 
This is so great to hear!! I'm so very happy for you! We're in the same cohort for days sober so I try and keep up with my fellows on what they're experiencing at our amount of days. I want to try SMART meetings too but I am just so damn lazy and there are multiple AA meetings within walking distance (basically) of my apartment so I haven't ventured down to midtown (NYC) to try a SMART meeting yet. I might though! I also have an appointment with a new doctor in May and I am scared of coming clean about my drinking but I really want to get honest and let the chips fall where they may. I think I'm ready for that. Thanks for your encouragement to us all!
Congratulations!  It was at the 100 day mark for myself when I realized I was on to something good.  
Way to go! I am super proud of you. Triple digits feels great! 
Awesome job! You're an incredibly strong person. There are rough patches but the good sober days always make up for it.
Awesome Congrats feels pretty amazing doesn't it :) No drinking with you today. Peace
Keep it up and just keep going forward
Awesome! I needed to read this! 
Hey good work. Almost there myself and funny enough... this is the longest I have been sober since around the same time as you.
Vivitrol was unaffordable to me until someone suggested getting the generic (just naltrexone) from Costco with their plan... it's $35 a month.  Which I can totally swing that's just a weekday night out previously :)..Not sure if that's a solution but worth looking into!
Congratulations!
