-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bzon3/this_community_seems_great_but_i_find_it_hard_to/

I really don't mean this to sound cynical or anything and hope it doesnt. I am both very glad a space like this exists and so moved to see all the encouragement support and solidarity displayed on this sub. At times though I feel like I often struggle to relate to a lot of the posts here and I think sometimes this leads me to feel like I should just start drinking again as my experiences are so different...For me I know I can go quite a long time without drinking and I am not reliant upon it at an everyday level my problem drinking is tied to a loss of control when drinking heavily in social situations. This means it would be dishonest of me to pretend it is a massive effort not to drink each day or to be proud of managing to go through a relatively substantial period of time without alcohol. Which isn't to say I am not proud  of everyone on here having to struggle to cope with that but just I do struggle to relate. Additionally I am in the midst of a really long and serious battle with major depression and anxiety which is to a large extent why I have decided to stop drinking so I can't really relate to all the posts of people suddenly becoming far more productive healthy and motivated (even though again I appreciate this is amazing for all those people and I recognise how much hard work this must take). Deciding to stop drinking hasn't led me to improve my performances in work to have better relationships with those around me or to finally begin pursuing goals or dreams that had fallen by the way. It has probably temporarily exacerbated social isolation and I am still struggling to get out of bed to have any hope or happiness in my life and dealing with a lot of negative and dark thoughts and behaviours. ..I'm not sure why exactly I'm writing this really just wanted to put across a different experience and see if others could relate or sympathise I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Additionally I am in the midst of a really long and serious battle with major depression and anxiety which is to a large extent why I have decided to stop drinking..i'm right there with you - i've never been to AA and i don't plan on it and i know i can have a couple beers without spiraling out of control. i have noticed in abstaining completely from any drinking that my anxiety essentially vanishes and my depression becomes a whisper instead of a scream. my coming here occasionally is to keep myself encouraged because i'm surrounded by alcohol every day. i think drinking in my case feeds the wrong emotions
We've all got our own paths but what hopefully works for this sub is that often those paths intersect. Where they do we can take what's good what's useful and what inspires and leave whatever isn't relevant behind...I'm a bit unlike you in that I'm what you might call a "non-functioning alcoholic." It took an effort not to drink and I could never hold down any kind of normal life when drinking...That said I can relate to depression and anxiety. For me too those exist with or without the alcohol. And while I've used alcohol to mask them even when sober I have to live with and deal with them. I'm better off mentally without alcohol. It's still a struggle but in sobriety I lose the extra baggage alcohol brings. It gives me space to work on serious depression space to focus on that instead of being focused on drinking a chemical depressant...Mental illness takes recovery too. It's a lot like addiction. I wish you well on that recovery and if that means not drinking then I gladly extend my own welcome to you here.
The drinking mind has a stake in convincing us we are isolated and different. So in the beginning we tend to notice things that confirm that sense of isolation. But in my experience there are tons--*tons*--of people here who share your pattern and specific challenges and I bet they will be chiming in to let you know it! Our brains are just really selective and look for confirmation of what we already believe...My own confirmation bias has me looking for and perceiving more of the posts that mirror my own experience. And therefore I have been "surprised" at how many former binge drinkers there are here--people who share much more with you than with me. It's opened my eyes to their specific difficulties in particular the fact that there isn't a daily "win" to form a rhythm with--it's much more unpredictable and you've got to be wily as hell. I think you'll find a lot of people to discuss this with I truly do...You're in very good company I promise.
Alcohol is a depressant and can contribute to anxiety but for people with clinical depression stopping drinking will help but generally will not relieve the depression. Doctors and therapists should be consulted and their instructions followed. ..If you choose to drink again just know that there is assistance if or when it gets out of control. 
I completely relate- I am not an everyday drinker I have never had legal issues job issues or relationship issues (except occasional drunken arguments with my SO) due to drinking. And again since I stopped I haven't had a new lease on life- my issue with alcohol is that I am greedy- once I start I can't stop. This would often lead to blackouts/arguments/the fear/anxiety and depression. I remember a couple of years when I checked out an AA meeting the speaker addressed me personally and said not to try and relate to stories being told as everyone's experience is different and just because I couldn't see myself in someone else's shoes doesn't mean we weren't walking down the same path (paraphrasing a bit hope u get the jist). This has stuck with me for years- I know I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol- my friends and partner don't agree as they see me as much the same as themselves- a weekend drinker who enjoys a party. but really its how you feel within yourself. If anything it has helped my anxiety tenfold and having suffered bouts of depression for years I know that alcohol only made mine far worse! 
[removed]
