-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c0bo5/aana_and_views_on_cbdantianxiety_tools_as_a/

As many of us former drinkers and users know quitting our substance or drink of choice is one of the hardest things we will ever do. Staying sober is equally as difficult if not more so. One experience I've encountered that I've struggled with is the onset of anxiety and difficulty in social situations. Even after more than a year sober I still have issues with it...I wanted to get people's thoughts on using CBD which I have not tried but have heard is effective as a tool to help combat anxiety. I know people in the "programs" might have an issue with it because it comes from the same family as marijuana so i wanted to get some feedback from those in AA and NA as well. Do you feel like taking something like CDB is giving up your sobriety?..Also any other helpful tips for helping with anxiety in sobriety would be great. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

r/cbd         ..That being said: there are CBD isolates which have 0 THC in them (the psychoactive element in Marijuana).  You can vape CBD but it's not easy to cook/manage with the vape juice because it needs to be heated and changed from powder/crystal into liquid (much easier said than done if you don't have a chemistry set lying around).       .      .Lots of people say it helps them relax/sleep.  Keep in mind CBD is still illegal in many states even though it has no real psychoactive properties (so it's probably fine in A.A. as it doesn't alter consciousness but I wouldn't go advertising it).     .           .I'd like to point you to something else:  CBT.  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy.  It has worked wonders for me and kept me off Xanax/Klonopin for years and helped me deal with the anxiety/panic attacks I used to have.         .      .Now that you don't have alcohol fucking up your nervous system dealing with garden variety anxiety is a lot easier than it would've been.
Hey there I'm not in either but I do vape marijuana use oil sometimes and LOVE topical creams (although it doesn't get you high at all so I doubt ppl would have a problem with it) My thinking is everyone is different and has different reactions to medications (some ppl might take issue with me calling MJ that but I honestly feel used properly it's an amazing tool) some people though it's a HUGE trigger and will send them down the path of drinking again however I can only speak from my experience. I got medical Marijuana card for insomnia and depression/anxiety and I'm so happy I did. First of all I don't consume everyday but if I'm having trouble sleeping all it takes is two puffs on vape pen and some lavender sent or a bath and it's off deep restful sleep. I've also used it when I feel an anxiety attack coming on (one or two puffs) it does slow me down if I use it during the day but I can still get work done/function just at a slower pace. I would say if you can talk to a doctor that's open to it about you should. My opinion is everyone reacts to things differently and it's worked for me. Try it and if it works great if it doesn't then stop. Hope my story helps! 
Is it true that CBD does not contain THC thus not getting you high? I've heard it has more of a calming effect as opposed to feeling "stoned."..I'm kind if leery of AA/NA's views on pot. Let's not kid ourselves pot has a lot of benefits and is probably a whole lot better than some of the meds people are prescribed. That being said I understand that it can be abused and negatively affect a person's life. But I feel like people should not be looked down upon if using pot helps them stay away from alcohol dope etc. Also it's really difficult to stay sober--if not just be haopy-- if you have all these other issues (anxiety depression etc.) that come along with it. 
I think NA officially says "no" to any drugs. Officially ["This is a program of complete abstinence from all drugs."](https://www.na.org/admin/include/spaw2/uploads/pdf/litfiles/us_english/Booklet/NA%20White%20Booklet.pdf)..The literature coming out of AA does not contain such language. Many people in the rooms will say that cannabis use simply replaces drinking and I have frequently heard people share their experiences about trying the "pot program" just to slide back into the bottle. I find the best policy is to leave cannabis out of my "shares".
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4444130/
I've taken CBD pills (20mg 3/day) the first few weeks then nothing for a while. Started taking them again a week ago to get a better baseline of the effects. Only thing I notice is I'm able to take nice deep relaxing breaths better. There is absolutely no psychotropic effects and to call CBD a drug is ignorant. I've smoked pot a handful of times during the overall period and I don't care for it's effects.
I take anti anxiety meds benzos to be specific which are highly addictive and easily abused and my first go round in AA they were heavily frowned upon and it was implied I couldn't be sober with them. This time around I'm not discussing my medication.
