-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c0lf2/college_student_who_struggles_with_social/

Hello everyone !..As I started to write this text I slowly started to cry. Choosing to stop drinking is actually a deliverance..I have used alcohol as an excuse for too many things..Losing my friends being one but if they are true friends they will be here for me right ?. I think a big problem is that because I am a medical student in Poland binge drinking is not seen as a problem but as a social norm. So it is okay for me to get wasted/black out every weekend or twice a week with couple of brews during the week..So today marks my first day of being sober..I just realized how much I do not need alcohol. And I thought I wanted to stop because people were telling me that I was drinking too much. ( Struggling with living my own life/people's opinions).Looks like I just needed to write it down...Time for a start it looks like !..How do you guys reward yourself to keep going ?..Much love..Thank you reddit for making this platform possible :) (First post on Reddit! )
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and all the best on your journey. I wish I had your insight and realized I had a problem when I was still studying you get this now and you have your whole life in front of you. I'm still new too so interested in what others suggest as rewards. Food features high on my list especially nice cheese and crackers. I've just reached triple digits and with the money saved so far had a small holiday with the fam (hot tub included!) . I've also used buying new clothes and hair appointments . For day to day rewards more food and reading new books as that's a distraction and something I love to do.  Let us know how you get on. 
There are apps which estimate how much money you are saving by not drinking. If these had been around when I quit I might have set up a reward system. I think if you search the app store for sober you could find some. ..I still think the best reward is some semblance of sanity.  .
Poland?  Great food there.  I had a similar problem in college.  What I did was leave the party early.  After they started to get wasted they hardly cared that I left.  I still do this.  I also read a great deal.  I got into school activities like baseball football tennis and fencing.  (I can't play basketball to save my life.)  Having a girlfriend also helped.  Welcome fellow Sobernaut and much love back to you-
