-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c8c4l/one_of_my_mentors_relapsed_feeling_very_depressed/

Laat night for some reason my inner negative voices were really amped up so I decided to go to the Friday night SMART meeting in my area. I don't go to it a lot but I knew I needed support and went...I got their a bit late and I saw one of the guys who mentored me and had became my friend. He looked very different. He had a slick haircut new suit and was carrying a work book. He was talking about how he had previously not drank for about 16 months but he was now back to having a one at night a few night a week........I was sort of shocked but at first I thought "they he's got a nice suit on fresh cut and seems to be ok I'll support him in whatever he does...Then the meeting ended and I waited for him outside to say hi.....he smelled like booze. He then made a sarcastic remark to me about my hat and then changed the subject to some random book he was selling for work. ..I was in shock. I have so much in common with this guy. He was chill had a seemingly supportive wife and kids loved southern food and so much other stuff. Seeing him relapse almost felt like I relapsed or that I should relapse because I'll never make it...I think the hardest thing was seeing just how massive a personality shift he underwent. He was much more aloof egotistical and evasive...I'm pretty depressed right now and struggling. I'm gonna get up tho and go play softball. Just because someone else has a roadbump doesn't mean I have to. I hope he recovers but If not I will move on and forward.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! 
You keep your chin up and yourself pointed in the right direction buddy.  Just because he didn't make it doesn't mean you can't!  There are plenty of people who have been on here for years to prove that it can be done and we can have a good life doing it!  .The Moderation Monkey comes after all of us just watch your back and I'll watch mine too   .Hang in there!  IWNDWYT .
The torch is yours to carry now.  Keep it going as long as you can.
We are all only one drink away from a reset sober day 10 or day 1000.  It doesn't matter.  Most of us have had multiple resets.  Don't be alarmed by his reset instead be understanding.  ..And learn from it.  ..There is no magic number of dry days to sobriety.  Sobriety is a lifelong day to day hour by hour struggle.  
We are all human. Someone wise on here once said to me.. No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch. ..You take care of YOU. So heart wrenching for you but your road is yours to keep clean. You got this PattyIce. *you got this*..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Some people can moderate some cannot.  I know I can't.  Do what is best for YOU.
That's rough to see but there is a lesson in it. I know I get weird when I drink. I can't see anywhere near reality. Hang in there and remember how the man helped you when he helped you and that he's human just like you and me. I will not drink with you today.
Mate keep going .. you own your destiny   ! Everybody is with you 
Take the good he gave you.  Do as he says not he does.  Give him a wide berth the next time you see him. 
My neighbor was my inspiration to get sober. I wanted what he had. Took me to my first meeting. He made it about 2 years before he went back out. I'm 6 years sober. I learned from him when he was sober. Now I'm learning from him when he is drunk. It is like watching a slow motion train wreck. He lost his family and lost his house. Sometimes you need to be selfish to stay sober. My sobriety is not dependent on his. Your sobriety is not dependent on your mentor. Stay strong. 
That must have felt really harsh Patty I'm so sorry. And I'm sorry those voices are yammering at you (they've been yammering at me too the last two weeks). ..I love that you know that his relapse has nothing to do with your sobriety.  This is a journey that only happens one day at a time; I know you know that.  And I know you see the impact on him of his relapse.  I know some of my motivation for staying sober is I don't want to be *that* person for others who see me as a sober mentor. IWNDWYT friend.
"Seeing him relapse almost felt like I relapsed or that I should relapse because I'll never make it." .When do you make it? As far as I can tell well over a year sober you've made it already. 
