-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cax4g/a_realization_i_had/

I was browsing through the r/aspergers sub and came across a post asking others if they had certain rituals/routines. It's pretty much par for the course for anyone with autism. We LOVE routine and when that routine is interrupted everything kind of goes haywire. I then realized: changing your routine with alcohol is like that! I feel for you guys there. You're probably dealing with that frustration times ten. If you're struggling and see this post there's one thing I have to say for you: KEEP. ON. PUSHING! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Keep on pushing! Or as Winston Churchill once said "If you're going through hell keep going."..You can tell by browsing here quitting alcohol does mess with routines. Boredom is a number one trigger for a lot of people. It's amazing how much time drinking can consume. I did other stuff when I was drinking but drinking was always primary. It takes time to get back in the swing of a "normal" routine...IWNDWYT
Exactly! As another commenter posted I would still do things. But the first while without alcohol in my routine I would just sit and stare at the walls for an hour or so not knowing what to do with myself. Just forcing a new routine on myself was so difficult. And a bit of a total pain to be honest. But now that I've got it down alcohol hardly comes up as a thought or an option at this point.   ..Good post here! 
I have Aspergers - but pretty high functioning.  You wouldn't know if you didn't know me - a combination of adaption and it seems to get less noticeable as you get older the higher you function...My drinking was primarily ritual.  Exactly the same ritual for years...Once I stopped the ritual- I never had a relapse or any real interest in drinking.  That makes me an alcoholic but for probably a less common reason...On the upside - anxiety and depression are unknown to me so a lot of the problems that seem to afflict people in sobriety were just non issues.  I also can ignore social cueing at will so I have no conflict about abruptly telling people to go away or just getting up and leaving a situation without another word - handy for not building up resentments..And I'm great at math so overall it was a good trade
