-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ccwzy/day_1_struggling_and_selfloathing_has_gotten_me/

"Its the curse of an addict to chase the thing that destroys you."..--------------------------------------------.I'm an addict. plain and simple. I've wanted to tell someone for a long while. I don't know who would listen. Or I don't know what it would matter. People are inherently selfish. No one sees me on this level. There's an emptiness that I try to fill. or maybe not try to fill but try to edge away from afraid to address. if i push it off i cant fall in. i'm isolated and reclusive. withdrawn. i've lost the desire to include people in my life. i dont see the point in adding new people when experiences tell me they'll just fade out or hard break leave. i sit in silence. i don't want to chase or beg people to be in my life. i am an addict. this is a stream of consciousness. i often wonder what the point of all this is. i struggle to feel or care. i cant hammer down my vices to explain. i have my job and have my wood and have my family and small circle of close friends but i cant shake the feeling that it isnt enough. i want more. but more has always left. more lies. more cheats. more leaves. more ghosts. the investment doesnt seem worth the payoff. and the isolation only feeds more into the issue. i comb over why. but i always fall back to nothing matters. there is no point to any of this...-------------------------------------.I've been under the influence of alcohol practically every day since probably last August or September. It's a coping mechanism. But it's slowly broken me down even more. I can't be my best self if I continue to drink. I wrote that section above the other day just to finally get the thoughts out. I wasn't planning on sharing it but I stumbled on this subreddit and thought that maybe I could get help or assistance or support here. I don't trust opening up like this to the few people who are genuinely involved in my life. Today was day 1. I'm happy to be here.
----------immediate responses--------

I identify with so much of what you said. Tomorrow will be day 1 for me. You aren't in this alone. 
&gt;but I stumbled on this subreddit and thought that maybe I could get help or assistance or support here..Welp dear Doc you're in the right place. We've been there we *get it*. Doesn't it feel great to get these thoughts out? Refreshing to say the least :)...Congrats on Day 1! How are you doing??.
Welcome. Lots of good folk here. ..IWNDWYT 
