-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cghjy/after_6_months_of_sobriety_i_was_happier_but_so/

.Getting drunk using pills cocaine anything... going out and being told I'm beautiful getting attention from strangers ex's and  friends . All these highs. Being sober was great but I missed the highs. I missed my ex. I wanted to be the party girl he once desired. After my relapse I spiraled hard. The nights were amazing so high and temporarily my ex and i were together again being young and wild. But with my preexisting depression that didn't last and the people that love me my family noticed. I was using all the time again. They couldn't tell I was high but they could tell during the come down... ...I feel bored. I feel hopeless. I feel depressed..I want to get better for my family. I haven't started to get better for myself yet. I hope that changes. I start an out patient program tomorrow. .
----------immediate responses--------

You can still get those highs but you have to be patient with yourself while you find a new life that doesn't automatically bring in all of those negative things when you feel lonely. I may be wrong but it sounds like you have a network of people who reinforce the negative behaviors you want to get away from and it's very easy to fall back into old habits and that friend group. ..What are you doing right now to meet and talk to people in a sober/better for you environment? 
I get what your saying about the highs . I am making sure I find ways of getting those highs without alcohol ( least I'm trying Ha) it's hard but will be worth every minute ! 
Boy do I get the sense of loss when those highs dissipate . There are other ways to get that feeling though. ..Joining a gym and being the hot girl on the squat rack can be a high too. It can open up a new social group and has such positive emotional mental and physical benefits. I've been taking what I'm not spending on  alcohol and investing in cute gym gear that makes me feel great. 
That is a wonderful suggestion. I really appreciate the support and advice. Thank you 
I'm approaching 3 years and still fight that loneliness. I've also been in the worst depressive spell that I've had since I was using. I'm having trouble deciding what's worse.. this spell or a relapse. I know a relapse won't help me though. Compounding the issue is I realized despite getting with girls through the years I haven't had a girlfriend in over 8 years. Makes me think there's something seriously wrong and unfix-able about me...Anyways I'm pretty sure I'm a special case. So I'm holding out hope for you. Rooting for you. And I encourage you to face your loneliness and embrace sobriety. Before I got sober I had nothing to lose and now.. well now I have quite a bit to lose.
Have you ever heard of Hip Sobriety? I heard her on Annie Grace's Naked Mind podcast and I'm going to check her out. She talked about holistic recovery and lots of different avenues I hadn't heard of. I wish you all the best and I will not drink with you today   
