-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8chgfx/going_on_a_cruise/

.I know that in going to struggle with drinking.   It's not going to be a day by day thing...  more like hour by hour...Eating and drinking is most of what you do on a cruise and I *can't* eat too much without getting sick.  I also can't drink too much without getting sick so I'm going to keep that in mind.  That will help...This is my fourth cruise and every other one I drank 10+ drinks a day.  Zero is my target...
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! Think of it as a challenge and think about how good you're gonna feel when you win that challenge. Seriously it's gonna feel so good. IWNDWYT 
Look on the event calendar for  Friends of Bill W  meetings. Those are 12 step meetings that most cruises have scheduled at least daily. 
You really can do it - I just had my first sober holiday and if I can do it anyone can! IWNDWYT 
I went last month also my fourth cruise. I also drank like a fish on my first three. It's doable but the temptation is definitely there!  I ate whatever I wanted including dessert at least once per day and just relaxed. It was on my mind a lot but never overwhelming. When you see everyone walking around with beer wine or big fancy cocktails remember you're almost never the only person in the room not drinking. Sometimes I got bored and pictured myself sitting at the pub drinking for a few hours. Instead I would read a book or just walk around. I would play the tape forward to the next day. For me it would have ruined my cruise if I had slipped even once. ...Other positives included seeing people visibly drunk and not at their best and seeing people looking rough in the morning and being glad it wasn't me. ...I definitely have NO regrets about not drinking!
Don't they have gyms on the ship?  You could do workouts walking the ship.  If I was going I'd bring a couple of really good books.  If you like thriller/detective books check out Michael Connelly.  His main character is Harry Bosch a detective in L.A.  IWNDWYT
To be honest I wouldn't go..
