-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cm8t9/1_year_tonight/

I am proud of myself yet it feels like no big deal. But IT IS a big deal. No one IRL will congratulate me today because this has been a silent personal internal journey. But I have you guys! ..To those of you struggling you can do what I and many others have done. It is true that it gets harder before it gets easier. I would say 4-8 months sober was the most difficult time for me so far. Everything changed. ..I have changed - a little for the better and maybe a little for the worse. I have discovered things about myself of which I was previously unaware. This has been a journey but my life is better now. And I do feel freer now. Guilt and regret and shame are things I no longer feel on a regular basis. And I lost 50 pounds and am more gorgeous than ever. And I have an actual hobby now. And I set goals and work toward them now. Yeah all those things but I'm not perfect. ..I mainly lurk here from time to time but I do thank this community for assisting me on my journey. You are always there for me. ..I can't say I won't ever drink again but I know for sure that I'm not drinking today! 
----------immediate responses--------

[Congrats on a YEAR!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g) So proud and happy for you :).
Excellent! Congrats on one year and IT IS a big deal!  You are worth it! IWNDWYT!
Well done!
Top shit mate it's awesome to see you reach this milestone
Congratulations!!!! I won't be drinking with you today!
Well thanks for stopping by with such good news kirche..keep it up :)
Happy 365 sets of 24 hours!!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Wow this is so inspirational! Well done amazing effort.  
Congratulations! IWNDWYT!
Hey congratulations to you! It is no small achievement. 
What a HUGE milestone! Congratulations!
Congratulations! 
Congrats!!
Congrats on 1 year!  You should be proud of yourself - it is a big deal.  IWNDWYT.
Congratulations on a year!
Well done massive achievement 
Good job!! How did you cope with the early days of sobriety? How did you feel back then?
Congratulations on your year. It's a heck of a lot of work so be proud of this big deal. ..Everything you said - applies here too. Been the best year of my life. Not easiest by a long shot but best. Lost 50 lbs of fat and probably 500lbs of shame and regret. ..Let's keep it up and keep at it. 
This is a huge deal. You should feel so immensely proud of yourself. Please think back to who you were and say to that person you were worth it. You were worth the stress the fear the shame. You were worth the regret you were worth it all because you came out on the other side. You came out a year later sober. You did it. You should be so proud of yourself. 
Wooo!! Congrats! 
Wow!  It sounds like you have some focus and determination.  Great job on all counts!
THAT IS SO EXCITING!!! CONGRATS.
Congrats on 1 year! 
congratulations!!! &lt;3 my journey starts today!
Well done on 1 year! 
Well done!
Congrats!!!     
Awesome job my friend. I will not drink with you today!
So nice to read posts like this. Well done! 
congratulations!!!.
Huge congrats on your year. It *is* a big deal! 
Congrats can't wait to come back next year to say happy year 2
Way to go! Keep it up!
Way to go!  You rock!
Awesome to hear. And nice one for the inspiration and sharing some of your experiences. For every person I see who's hit a milestone they're proud of it gives me and I'm sure many others the determination to carry on. 
Day 2 for me. Congrats! This kind of stuff is inspirational for us newcomers!
You are such an inspiration. In six months I hope so much to be right where you are. Happy 1 year! 
Huge deal! Congratulations!    .Happy birthday!
As Zen says: "Just do it today!" Well done on a year..great stuff!
Sounds accurate. Congrats!
Congratulations!!
Sitting here hungover at work I'm jealous of your 1 year! I can't even make it 3 days at this point and it's getting more depressing each day
Congratulations on your year of sobriety!! Well done!!   
Nice !! Congrats on 1 year !
Woo-Hoo!  One year is to be celebrated for sure.  Hope you have a special treat for yourself lined up.  IWNDWYT
Congratulations on the year! Well done 
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Great work. What an inspiration! I will stay sober with you today.
it is a big deal. congrats. yeah im struggling more this month than last month. last month was not bad at all. 
Same here! I'm also down 50 lbs. What a year it's been! 
1 year is a massive deal don't short yourself! IWNDWYT.
Congrats!
I won't drink with you today. 
       OUTSTANDING!!!  .I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations on a great year
Congrats I'm happy for you!!
Congrats! 
