-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cn4zw/barely_23_and_could_have_died_from_a_seizure/

Easter Sunday I had a grand mal seizure at work and split my head open after a bad relapse. Luckily I wasn't home because I live alone. You'd think that would be enough to stop my shit but I literally lasted 5 days. I'm back to my old shit again missing work and lying and racking up credit card debt and missing school. I'm laying on the floor supposed to work in two hours just crying and puking blood. I know I need to get medical help but it'll be like my 4th time detoxing and I'm just embarrassed. This sucks. I don't know what I'm trying to gain from posting this but I guess some hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I know I need to get medical help..Yes this!..
Sorry to hear that sound's like hell. FWIW in case you never heard of it check out 'Easy Way to Stop Drinking' by Alan Carr.  I've tried many other ways and didn't seem to work.  This book has totally changed the way I approach even THINKING about it. ..All the best to you man. 
&gt;I'm just embarrassed..Dawg *PLEASE* do not be embarrassed; rather be proud that you're courageous enough to pick your ass up and do this again! You know you medical help. Get it.
I understand but there's no need to be embarrassed--doctors and nurses see this all the time. Please consider getting medical attention ASAP. 
I flipped my car and almost killed myself in December. Within a week I was binging again. Couple months later I "woke up" again to find that I kicked my girlfriend and the mother of my child out over stupid shit while I was wasted. I'm one month sober now...The only thing that changed is the fact that I started going to meetings after that. That support system was absolutely necessary for me...to be able to talk to people that understand and don't judge. People that know the struggle. ..Please start going to meetings. If you don't like the first one you go to find another..keep going until you find at least one weekly meeting filled with people you feel you can connect with. ..Pick yourself up and reach out no matter how embarrassed you are. I promise things will start to change for you if you're honest with yourself and others. The hardest fucking part for me was submitting to that notion that I can't manage it on my own...
Please go to the ER. Please.
Glad you're here...Asking for assistance was my best choice...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
ER. Now. PLEASE.
Throwing up blood is what my boyfriend did right before he died. I am removing this post and implore that to go to the ER.
