-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cn88c/what_did_you_do_differently/

If you ever relapsed (like badly not a slip but total return to drinking) what did you try to do differently on your next attempt that helped you the most. Or did you just do the same but more of it?
----------immediate responses--------

I had several half-arsed attempts to quit on my own but it never stuck for long.....The help of my doctor this sub the book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' made all the difference this time round!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
10 years sober then back at it for 10 years.so I guess you could call that a relapse.The 1st time I quit I had reallyreally embarrassed myself.So I just quit.No planno support no anything.I never admitted I was an alcoholic.I just thought I had a bit of a problem.I would always say I have quit for nowI am not drinking now and so on.I hit a point where I was teetering between quitting forever and starting again and drinking moderately.I chose WRONG! This time is 100% different for me.I sat up late with my wife the night I quit and fessed up about sneaking drinkswashing bottles and all the other lies I told.I admitted to her I was an alcoholic.The next day I sat with my wife and kids (They are adults) and talked it out with them.There were alot of tears and hugs.It was one of the happiest moments of my life if you can believe it.They are my support staff and accountability-Change 1 I started a journalrecorded all the lows.the lies and so on.I wrote about all the good things as well and made a solom promise to return to it if I am ever in doubt.I still write in it.Thats change#2.I found this wonderful support groupyou guys are so amazingthat's change#3.I read This Naked Mind because it was recommended on SD and it reinforced and supported all my thoughts about drinking and quittingchange #4 The last change#5 is probably the biggest.I have a new mindset.Alot due to the other changes.I admitt I am an alcoholic.I can not moderate.I dontmaybe even can't think of one day at a time.I will never drink again.Not todaynot ever.I have a new life and I love it.I will never give it up to alcohol again.This is a fight for my life and I will win!
Very interesting question! I had to think pretty hard about this. ..For one I'm keeping closer tabs on my inner voice or addict voice. Trying to spot and stop cravings and possible triggers early in their tracks. ..I'm also coming here more often and trying to comment or at least read through more posts. ..Finally my biggest change is one of mindset. I'm trying to think of myself as a new me. A person who does not drink. Before it was the same me trying not to drink *anymore*. So for example if someone offers me a drink I kindly refuse and say sorry I don't drink. Before I might say I don't drink anymore implying I used to and automatically thinking to myself how it was more fun if I did drink or whatever. ..
The difference this time isn't so much actions as it is motivation. Last summer I landed in the ICU with pancreatitis and blood pressure up in the "malignant hypertension" range. They found the fatty liver impaired kidney function and a list of vitamin deficiencies while I was there. Went into DTs on the 3rd day there. ..That all made it very real that it was get sober and stay sober or die. I'm still just not drinking one day at a time sticking to sober people and sober places. I'm pretty sure I don't have the freedom of just one more bender if I want to keep on living..
I added meetings to my toolkit and got successful!
I had to change my mindset. In prior efforts I felt like I was depriving myself by not drinking. I needed to realize I was not being deprived of anything of value. 
I had 9 months sober then relapsed and got sucked back into drinking for 2.5 years after that. Got back on the wagon last month and today makes 4 weeks. There were many attempts to quit in between but most of those weren't sincere if I were to be honest with myself. Started posting on here and got a badge after lots of lurking which I believe has helped. Sounds silly but my pride and not wanting to do a badge reset has put the brakes on when I was thinking about drinking again. But more seriously I knew I had to change. I longed to be sober again but it seemed so daunting. Things started clicking when I looked at it rationally. I realized that if I didn't do something about this I'd soon be facing health problems legal problems marriage problems and very likely die prematurely. Being honest about just how serious this problem really is prompted me to action. 
Told my doctor the truth about my drinking and got a prescription to help with cravings. Made a huge difference. 
This sub.  Being very honest with my husband daily about how I was doing.  Read This Naked Mind and listen to the podcast.  Told my best friends.  Allowed myself to hermit to my heart's content.  Went back to school.  Mostly this sub.
