-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8co13j/experiences_of_deciding_to_drink_again_not/

Any positive ones? I know we see all the negative ones here for obvious reasons...I know it seems like an unattainable dream for most of us and chances are I'm not gonna lose my badge over a gamble...At this point in sobriety my biggest challenge isn't not drinking or white knuckling triggers or fomo. I don't usually have cravings triggers are manageable I go to bars with my friends and don't feel left out. ..The challenge is just the monotony of sobriety. Despite all my hobbies and exercise and staying busy. Something else is still missing...I recall a time when I *did* drink a beer or two with dinner. And wouldn't drink again for a week or a month and not notice. I miss that. ..I just want to know if anyone got that back or if it's out there in space along with being an astronaut when I grow up.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't give you a story of that myself but I'm wondering the same thing. The reason I quit is that I have finally accepted that I may need to go without for life but I'm still young and I love brewing my own alcohol I even got given a new book of recipes last week...Hope you get some answers that help you with where you are and congratulations on going over 4 months!
I had one big stretch of sobriety about 2 years ago that lasted maybe 10 months. I was in the best shape of my life and had friends asking me questions about it in a nice way. After a while I decided to moderate and it was ok for quite a while.... ..But then I had one bad bender and then another and I now realise that every time I drink I am rolling the dice. I don't want to take that risk anymore.
I had positive experiences deciding do drink again but the problem is that moderation only lasts so long and eventually I am back to square one. Easier for me not to drink at all than try to moderate. 
&gt;Something else is still missing..It's probably not Ethanol.... What *else* could it be?..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I had ten years of sobriety and then went back.  It's been 12 years back (- 144 days currently).  It was fine for a long time actually.  But the cumulative effects could not be denied and then I was miserable with it at the end.  I think the only possible way it could work for me is if I lived alone.  But having a husband who is sober with me now and dealing with the "should we drink? thing all the time would make me bonkers. And I have kids and I don't want to deal with them and drinking.  So I guess my only possible scenario in which I could return to it is a fantasy.  And it's a fantasy I would never want.  I adore my family.  
I decided to drink two drinks a month for a while. It took a year but it became 2 or 3 a night and I looked like shit and felt like shit.
&gt;something else is still missing..I understand completely but for 99.9% or so of the folks who have found help here it is definitely not alcohol. For me what was missing was working on my mental problems and general recovery. Filling my time with mentally and physically healthy sober activities was the key to filling that "empty hole" that drinking (very poorly) filled. My several attempts at sobriety that included hanging out with drinking friends in bars not drinking all inevitably led to resuming drinking.
I have tried moderation "drinking like normal people" etc. and I have always slid back into drinking too much. I think the main thing is what another poster said- it takes so much energy for me to "moderate" that it's just plain easier to just abstain...A few posters here report that they are successful moderating but are far outnumbered by those that say they just can't handle it...I wish I could have just one but so far I have always slid down the slippery slope. It's now to the point where I don't want to deal with it any more- especially now that the decision to not drink is really sticking this time. ..I know what you mean about something seems to be missing. It's like a lot of us here are running into that same issue. It's probably very unique and individual and there's no one answer. I've just been trying ALL the suggestions. That in itself is keeping me busy .;-)..Good luck - please report back if you discover anything interesting!
My problem with moderation is that my brain wants to think that drinking is some magical experience that is core to my life.  This is because I'm an alcoholic.  Non-alcoholics think about drinking like they think about their favorite appetizer...nice but not magical not core to their being.  If I tried to moderate I would count down the hours to the drink then obsess about how much I could drink. Not fun.  I'd rather try to rewire my brain that drinking is not all that great because that is my reality.
My therapist keeps claiming that some people have success with moderation but I'm super super skeptical. I don't know how alcoholics whose minds are just wired differently are able to "control" their drinking---that's kind of the essence of alcoholism or alcohol abuse syndrome. But I'm sure it's *possible*. ..My guess would be that if the abuse stems from stress or is circumstantial (like living in a part of the world where alcohol abuse is high) than a change in situation *may* allow for a return to normal non-abusive drinking. ..I think there's also a chance that one could white knuckle it through the FDA's recommended 1 per day for women and 2 for men or no more than 2 per hour in a 2 hour period (that's the binge drinking standard: 4 in 2 hours 5 for men. Really think about that. How many of us routinely had more than 5 drinks *easily* in one sitting?) and force oneself to limit drinking. ..I think the brain chemistry literally changes with heavy drinking and you just can't go back sadly. 
I didn't really have experiences of total amazingness--feeling *full* and blissful and like "whoa there's so much!"--until around six months. I think there *is* something missing for a good while chemically. And I just think the brain is a slow healer. ..It was a great relief when I finally knew it was possible to feel complete and free and fantastic and passionate and relaxed all at once from only two ingredients: me and life. Like major sigh of relief because I really didn't know for sure whether it would come. Hang tough!!
There is monotony in sobriety but there is monotony in drinking too. I can't find any positives to drinking but I can find a lot of negatives to it. When faced with the lesser of two evils as it were I choose the sober one. Way less risk involved. 
Survivorship bias explains why there is not one person in this sub who can answer your question in the affirmative. I am sure there are some people out there who thought they had a drinking problem but didn't whatever life-stuff passed and they went back to a non-destructive drinking pattern but they would never hang out in /r/stopdrinking (unless a partner/friend were in trouble I suppose)...'Can I drink normally' is a perfectly good question to ask. I asked it and got my answer. For me it was no. For almost everybody (maybe just everybody) who has developed that addiction to ethanol the answer is no. Anecdotally EVERYBODY who is addicted to ethanol and goes back to drinking ends up where they were when they needed to quit or worse...Drinking is not the answer to whatever you are feeling. It offers short term gain at the expense of longer term cost. Addiction is a door you walk through - one way - you just can't walk back through. Once there you have to deal with that reality. Look at the totality of your life sober v. the totality of your life drunk. Change your life in positive ways without drinking. Be careful of that voice that suggest drink is the answer that is the addiction talking.
I think I replaced my desire for a sense of purpose with drinking to numb out the not knowing and not having enough balls to make a change in my life.  So I'm still relatively ball-less but sober.  I feel best when I know I am on the path with purpose.  I know that when I am doing something fulfilling that sense of something missing is gone.  As far as moderating I spent 10 years trying all of the tricks and I could never stick to my rules.  It's such a relief to be free of the obsessive thinking and to try something new by facing my life head-on. 
