-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cs2w3/considering_leaving_the_music_scene_again/

I left after I got married after 10+ years in a drunken lifestyle...About 5 years back I cut down on drinking and partying dramatically got healthy started exercising marriage was in a great place...Had a kid bought a house tensions rise marriage starts to suffer. I start drinking again. Quit multiple times start relapsing again. Started wondering what was missing from my life... was it music? My life had gone full domestic maybe I needed to get back out there and do what I loved.....So I put myself back out there and I'm gigging again. But the drinking is unavoidable. I keep trying to quit but the moment I'm back in a bar or club it's over. And I know it. It's getting worse and I'm making some really stupid decisions. Lots of anxiety and depression...I WANT to stop for good. And here's the hard truth. I don't think it's gonna happen as long as I'm gigging...My family and my kid (and my own well being) depend on me being sober. I'm sad to say I don't think I can handle playing in a band. It breaks my heart. It's devastating. But it feels like the right answer.... in my gut...Sigh.
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you're feeling.  I cannot say my situation is the same but I've found there are many activities that when I do them it makes me drink.  It saddens me to think that something I enjoy I cannot do because I will get drunk.
Ah I can totally understand where you're coming from matey!..I spent much of my 20's gigging and boozing and that lifestyle does rather tend to catch up with one after a while.....Since I got sober at 33 I've been staying away from the pubs and music scene for a while to try and get a really solid recovery going on first.....I'm hoping to get back to it one of these days but I have a lot less interest in spending lots of time around pubs and drunk people than I once did......Having said that I went to a proper Irish jam sesh last year stayed totally sober and had an absolute blast but I had to make sure my head was in the right place first!..There are loads of famous musicians who *used* to have drink and/or drug problems and then got sober (Tom Waits Eric Clapton etc etc) and kept making great music so it can most assuredly be done!..IWDNWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Ace Frehley? That you?
Hey man I totally feel ya. I spent the 80's in the LA Music scene trying to make it big and that was a major contributor to my addictions. After getting sober I knew I couldn't just jump back into playing in a band but I couldn't give up my passion. I found there is a ton of other ways to still pursue music. I ended up going to recording school and worked in studios for years. Today there are so many options to still be involved. Get some recording software and write your own stuff. There are tons of online communities where people want to collaborate. Go to studios and let them know your available as a session player. Those gigs are nice especially when you get a check when your done. Don't set the passion down just find other ways to do it that doesn't involve going to bars. After a few years of sober time I was able to go back to playing in bars once in a while but now I treat it like a job. I do my gig and go home I don't hang out at the party.  Just because were sober doesn't mean we can't rock! 
