-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8csrdo/i_am_really_struggling_chronic_relapsing_after_23/

I need to get this off my chest. I am completely struggling with sobriety and have been for the past year. I was a daily drinker and I went heavier on the weekends. I am sick and tired of being hungover and drinking my sorrows away. I recently turned 30 and it's been difficult for me to come to terms with the fact that I'm not satisfied with where I am professionally and with all of my relationships. My fiancee and I have been together for years however our relationship has been deteriorating lately. He is a drinker too(isn't that always the way..) and he is worse than I am when it comes to drinking. He says he wants to stop and I believe him however I don't see him even trying. I've told him I feel disrespected by his drunken behavior especially when I've been attempting to make a more concerted effort at staying sober. It is not fun to be around somebody who is drunk all the time while I'm barely holding it together. ..My family lives out of state and I haven't seen them for nearly 4 years. I miss my parents and I believe they miss me but I have never felt so lonely and isolated in my entire life. I recently got laid off from my previous job and I've been attempting a new career search and I just feel...useless. I fully admit that that I have a very big issue with alcohol and I use it as a coping mechanism for stress. I am done writing it off as if I am just going through a rough time or that everybody else drinks. It's very clear that alcohol does not have a place in my life and it cannot be apart of my life if I want to achieve the goals I have set for myself. ..I quit for nearly 2 years before I had a massive and traumatizing relapse but for the past 3 years I have been a functioning alcoholic. Now that I am not working and I have more time to think and see my life for the present mess that it is I have a hard time ignoring that knot in my stomach. I should have ignored it last night but I didn't. I just couldn't. I tried push-ups sit-ups ice cream junk food anything and everything to make it subside but some drama went down and I did not know how to deal. My hangovers always leave me listless unproductive and wallowing in my self-loathing. ..I want help. I need help. I've been to AA before but here's the thing-I am so damn shy and introverted I am terrified that it will cause a relapse. I know that sounds like an excuse and maybe it kind of is but I just don't know what to do. ..I just thought I might as well come out of hiding and share a bit about what's going on with my struggle as I've been lurking here for quite some time. All of your stories are so heart-wrenching and I see myself in so many posts here. It's awesome that this community exists for us struggling to overcome this insidious disease that makes us feel less than. Thank you and any advice is very much appreciated. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Try SMART Recovery a little easier for the introverts. 
I am a bit confused. If you are not going to AA and you continue to relapse how can you be afraid that going to AA is hoing to cause a relapse?  That doesn't sound to me like you are being honest with yourself. ..There are other programs out there. The sidebar on the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to ones like Women For Sobriety (WFS) that I know has online meetings. ..I was and am as why and introverted as they come but the people in those rooms saved my life. None of them were like me none of them dressed or talked like me but they each told a part of my story and they all accepted me and welcomed me and understood me. I wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes in a bar with any of them. But after awhile I would have handed any of them the shirt off my back. ..I hope you find something that works.  It won't be any easier to quit than it is today. ..IWNDWYT 
Not trying to throw stones but if my SO was getting wasted I would seriously consider my choices.  What's important to you sobriety or a constant reminder of drinking.  I also wouldn't say my SO is worse off than me. I have to focus on myself. Step one is admitting we have no control. I'm on that step and part of that for me is knowing that I can't control my SO.  People can take a lot from me but not my sobriety.  That's mine and I hope you can own yours. It sounds like you really yearn for sobriety. ..It's hard to do this alone. I couldn't do it. I stopped for six years and fell off the wagon.  I'm doing it with this forum and some AA meetings.   Once I have some time under my belt I know I'm going to make the right decisions and I think the same would help you.  Alcohol pollutes our minds and distorts our judgement. Take it nice and easy. Forgive yourself and then you can forgive others and pick up the pieces. IWNDWY 
Hey I am currently a few thousand miles away from home at a new job and my wife left me in December that isolation feeling can be intense. I just turned 31 this year and decided my rock-bottom was when my wife left. One thing that helped me immensely at the beginning was taking naltrexone. If you have the option of seeing a doctor I would recommend this highly in conjunction with therapy and building up the things we need to stay sober. Best of luck don't stop trying. I will not drink with you tonight.
While it might not be the best way to go about it I have heard of people who started going to AA even though they were still drinking. One guy said in a lead that he used to buy a bottle *on the way home from the meeting*. And then one night he just forgot to. He pulled into his drive way realised he didn't have it and said " oh well I guess I go one day without it. " And he said a lightbulb sort of went off in his head. 
[removed]
