-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cx2yr/first_time_poster_dae_have_to_be_around_alcohol/

I'm trying to quit for good this time. I'm not going to beat my depression unless I beat my drinking. Relapsed (again) over the weekend which... is difficult for me to talk about...One of my many problems (excuses?) with quitting is that I'm around people drinking with alarming frequency. I'm a performer and I'm always on at evening events where everyone is drinking alcohol. My country is also famous for our drinking culture- it's almost impossible to avoid at social occasions and people tend to regard someone telling them that they don't drink as a personal insult...Does anyone have any tips on how to make it through when you're surrounded by temptation? There's no chance of me taking a break from events until at least July..
----------immediate responses--------

Read *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace. The book will teach you how to reset your lifelong conditioning towards societal alcohol acceptance and see it for what it is. Once you are able to do this you will be able to comfortably go out and be around alcohol without succumbing. It's a good read. 
I don't have any tips  but I relate.  Everyone drinks.  It's hard to escape it
Well the obvious solution is to start a new life revolving around your recovery meaning new friends/setting that involve no drinking.. I think you know already know this though so if in social situations someone is offended you don't drink they're really at fault. Have some chill lol? Just say you're trying to lose weight/ have to drive later. Also the most you can do with alcohol all around you is to stop yourself from stinking thinking. You can't let your guard down and you have to have that sober mindset with determination the whole way through. Don't stay there long and dip when you've left the impression you wanted 
ha wonder if we're in similar countries alcohol here is everywhere and it is a lot and I have similar issues. But unlike you I don't have to deal with it nightly but can hide. Thats really tough. Anyhow my go-to is to blame it on medication. Just make something up. No-one can argue with that.
What works for me in  social situations of people drinking is to keep something in my hand at ALL times.  If it looks like you have a drink people are less likely to ask me if I want drink.  Works for me.  Good luck!  IWNDWYT 
I work at a well-known craft beer bar and I have been sober for over two years. This ain't my first rodeo though. The first time I tried to quit drinking was four months after my 21st birthday. I made it 90 days. I stayed out for five more years. I stopped for eight months when I was 26. I went out again until I was 32. This time necrotizing pancreatitis brought me around. I was ready really ready (and willing!) this time. So yeah I'm surrounded by booze every day at work but the mental obsession at least for this alcoholic is gone. 
