-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cxyi8/anyone_elses_relapses_happen_when_life_seems_to/

Just when i think you have a handle on things I tend to intentional burn myself to the ground...I could give examples but my thumbs don't have the strength to type that much but it's almost like a fear of failure mixed with familiarity in misery...Life slowly improves and one of the triggers for me is when someone close to me says they are proud of me they might as well just hand me a bottle while they say it. ..If this time is to be different I need to arm myself differently I have had a lot of good advice book and YouTube recommendations from this sub I am feeling good but when things start to improve I am worried I will relapse..........again...It's been hard but IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

IT'S CALLED COMPLACENCY...and yes it's all too common.  In large part that's why I still go to meetings do service hang out here.... 
We used to drink when we felt bad AND when we felt good. When things got us down and when we had something to celebrate...Now? Now we don't drink..no matter what the occasion....Fuck alcohol buddy fuck it sideways and then some. Then invite some friends over and kick it in the sack together burn it at the spot and leave it there to die...Also look up kindling..
My life was actually great I was extremely happy after 6 months of sobriety...then i thought i could moderate...slowly but surely i reverted to old 'die hard' patterns....Huge lesson learnt...it has taken me years to be absolutely determined this time... this sub is helping me abstain ....
I've had two major relapses both happened after years of sobriety. My story is like a whole lot of stories you hear in recovery to the point it's cliche. I got my sober time I slowly started drifting away from recovery and the recovery mindset. I wound up on kind of an auto-pilot thinking everything was going to be roses forever. Then something gave way I felt unprepared and had nothing to fall back on--save for a bottle...It's like what they say with people who go on medication start feeling healthier then decide they feel so healthy they don't need the medication... which is what made them well to begin with. Recovery is like that...I think of recovery as the buffer placed between me and the next drink. I never know when shit's going to hit a fan or a temptation is going to arise. The more mental distance I place between me and alcohol the safer I am. When life is great I can easily forget that keeping a buffer requires constant maintenance. A lot of alcoholics get their butt kicked that way I am one of them.
Hey it's ok. I think it happens to most people and the key is to examine it and learn from the incident so next time it's not rinse repeat.  You still have your sober time and the benefit of knowing how great you felt.  Don't despair. It's great you came right back.  Personally when I picked up I never came back the next day.  It takes momentum to stop again.  You're doing great.  IWNDWYT
I'm the exact same way. I'll be fine for a couple days so I'm like  I can buy a bottle &amp; just have a few . Pretty soon the bottle's gone I'm too drunk to feed my kids &amp; hubby has to pick up the slack. Not anymore. IWNDWYT
Absolutely. Train wreck days can be tough but they're nothing compared to times when I'm feeling good. I think "this is great but drinking would make it better."..My version of "play it forward" for this is "If I don't drink I'll have this good time *and* my non-drinking streak will be intact tomorrow."
