-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d0scb/just_remind_myself_if_i_relapse/

I will regret it 100%. It's not like someone is paying me $50 million dollars to get drunk..in that case I would drink. I hope SD would understand. ..In all seriousness everybody on here regrets relapsing. So why even bother drinking? Learn from history of relapsers! Not sure if that is even a word..
----------immediate responses--------

I've yet to meet a relapse that was good for me. I've had my share over the past 10 years and I can't recall one that had a positive outcome but I vividly remember many that ended quite badly...I'm thinking relapse just wouldn't be worth it today. I've got my daily reprieve and I'm making the best of that. I do not have to take a drink today. I will not drink with y'all tonight.
I strongly agree.  I've got a whole new level of appreciation for the sneakiness of my alcoholism.  Shedding light on the voice of addiction and what it typically says is a revolutionary idea that has me soaking up the good advice of my elders.  The examples of so many people right here with the very same voice of addiction following them.  SD rocks for this  community of insight' stuff.  
&gt;  It's not like someone is paying me $50 million dollars to get drunk....Well hell. You mean I've been waiting for that guy to step out all these years and now you tell me it was never gonna happen?
That's what I've been telling myself lately.. I will 100% regret. There's literally no chance that I won't so why in the hell do it! IWNDWYT 
I don't think anyone relapses because they think it's a good idea. If I could explain the compulsion the mental hijacking that takes place right before someone uses and a simple fool proof way to stop it  I'd have a Nobel prize or at the very least I wouldn't have gone back out myself and drank for ten years. Someone on Reddit described the experience - going to the store buying it driving home drinking it and feeling like they were watching themselves from a distance unable to stop it.
