-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d5sbp/anger_patience_acceptance_advice/

Hey SD..I am having a hard time with a few things and figured I would reach out for advice. ..A little background: I am a month sober and in outpatient rehab as well as AA. I was drinking 10-12 drinks a day starting around lunch every day. I had been drinking too much for 6-7 years but was a daily drinker for the past 12-16 months. I feel like a new person physically and mentally. I'm working out 6 days a week and have dropped 12 lbs since I quit drinking. ..Here are my issues:..1. I get super upset to the point I can't talk to my wife rationally when she doesn't trust me or goes behind me to verify what I am telling her is the truth. I feel like I am a calm person normally and realize she certainly has reason to question but I simply cannot be reasonable when she questions everything I do. I turned on location sharing on my phone so she can see where I am all day but she still calls and questions me. ..She told my family and many of our friends about my  bottom  when I decided to stop drinking. I had wanted to share that information with my parents but not  broadcast it  to family and friends. I know I have some resentment there. I do love her and I caused all of this mess so I want to give her grace - she didn't know what the heck to do either. But I'm struggling with resentment towards her. ..2. I am still having a hard time with Step 1 - admitting I am powerless over alcohol. I agree that my life had become unmanageable but I really have a hard time going  all-in  with alcohol as a disease or allergy. I think I was self medicating with alcohol and just did not take the danger of soaking my brain in a chemical for so long into account. I think anyone can get hooked if they treat their mind and body that way. ..So I feel like my options include either believing in/accepting that the disease is real and I have it (which is causing me a lot of unrest and resentment) or I could go back out and try to drink moderately after a period of 9 months to a year. If I can't drink responsibly then I know the answer. ..I would prefer to not hit an unnecessary bottom just to see if I can drink but I don't know why I am so angry about the whole  disease  situation. Maybe it's pride? Maybe it's that my brain wants to know for sure? Maybe it's alcohol playing a trick on me. ..Anyway I figured I probably wasn't the only one who had experienced similar issues and just wanted to reach out. ..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Every person that I have encountered over the last 26 years that has attempted a planned relapse just to see if they could moderate has regretted it. Most have made it back to sobriety. Some died. ..I can't worry about a decision I may or may not have to make in a year. I have to concentrate on today. I can't control tomorrow. I can only control what I do today. ..I had to do step 1 to the best of my ability. The rehab hospital had me write down exactly how much I drank every year since the first time I drank and then estimate how much alcohol cost me each year. Not just the money spent at a liquor store. All other expenses. Health costs. Accidents. Legal costs. Divorce costs. And then write down how many times I estimated I had blackouts each year. ..When I stared at those papers when I was finished it was pretty clear to me that I had been powerless to control my deinking any time I allowed myself to take that first drink. ..The onky time I had power over alcohol was when I refused to take the first drink. ..Hope you find a way to give it a try for awhile. ..IWNDWYT 
The trust thing is frustrating.  I know I wouldn't like being treated like that but it has only been a month.  I would suggest that most of these issues come from the amount of time.  A month sober is a hell of an accomplishment but it is still really early in your sobriety.  I think you're fine if you don't agree with the "disease" idea but you might change your mind after a few more months.  And I would talk to your wife sooner rather than later about the anger you have for some of her actions.  It's better to trust someone and be wrong rather than not trust someone and be wrong.
I can fully relate. I had extreme struggles with my wife in the early times especially with trust. It took me awhile to understand it. If you're like most of us your drinking brought on a litany of other behavior patterns:harsh wordssneakinessoutright lyingerratic emotionsetc. Something to consider: patience. Try to consider how long it took you to get to this point... years. It generally takes a bit of time to regain trust from our loved ones. Most often the ones who are closest to us suffer from aversion of PTSD- if you're angry she remembers the drunken outbursts if you're tired and inactive- she remembers the hangovers and general apathy that is brought on from long term drinking. If you're sneaky in any way- she remembers the lies.... the list goes on.In my early sobriety I spent a great deal of time at meetings talking with people afterwardson the phone with group members...- my wife was certain that I ha
Pride is a bitch...I hung on to my pride with my fingernails...There's a saying  let go or be dragged ...I want address the  unmanageable  part.  Others have mentioned it...On the other hand  resentment  is something I can't afford... Resentments will make me drink and Secrets will kill me. ..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself and misrepresented my impairment to my loved ones.  I stole time my presence and emotional support from people I care about...When I admit that my pride dissipates...Where are you with all of that?
Yes your brain wants to know things for sure. I don't know whether it's a disease for sure--we've not researched it all that well or all that much and it certainly doesn't bear all the hallmarks of a classic disease so there are other interesting concepts like "learning disorder" etc. that can be combine with family history genetics trauma and so on to form a realistic picture of why perhaps I created a distorted reward system in my brain and probably can't un-create it..."Probably can't un-create it" is why I won't try moderation not because I've defined the issue completely. There's no resentment there just reality. So maybe you'd find it easier to come to terms with something more like that...To me the trust issue is one thing and the disclosing to everyone is another. I think I'd feel hurt and betrayed if my partner shared all my most painful stuff. It's hard to put into words but I need to have the dignity of my own timing a safe emotional space to heal. I think that was insensitive at best of your wife and I'd be needing to talk about that. None of us were angels when we were drinking but we need *a space* to heal. 
