-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d933k/experiences_and_results/

Everyone here knows that by quitting the sauce life gets bumped up a notch in difficulty. We lose that crutch that safety net. Its absolutely intimidating because we finally have to come to terms and become responsible for our lives. Your left alone in the wake of your own self desctruction and depravity. Sure everyone here gives great advice is completely supportive of one another but ultimately only you can change. Nobody can do it for you but you....The beginning of the year I weighed 195 pounds skinny fat looking like a weird unproportionate monster. My hair was always oily skin was itchy. My face was always red and blotchy bloated and foul. I stunk like vodka sweat. Before losing the love of my life she took a picture of me passed out drunk on the floor it was shameful. A complete fucking cringe fest and a waste of life...Today after I showered I looked at myself in the mirror and really saw the change I never thought was possible again. I weighed myself 165! Thats 15% percent of my total weight gone! Thats 15% of a gross alcoholic gone. Doesn't exist anymore. I'm even starting to get my abs again. ..You can have this shit too. I always made excuses always "I'm tired" "I can start tomorrow" " Snuggly wugglers your too old now" every self defeating language under the sun. I'm not going to lie its hard. But you got to put in the effort. Its a daily battle. Whether its fighting with myself to not take that drink to not eating that garbage to making myself do one more pushup. Its a daily struggle. ..You are worth it! I am worth it. No matter what has happened in the past its in the past now. You exist here now and its your responsibility to yourself to love yourself. Because despite of the bullshit YOU HAVE VALUE YOU ARE WORTH IT. ...This sub has been a godsend to me I truly care about you people. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

You are worth it and I thank you for inspiring me to change!
Look to the future... we are all worth it :)  IWNDWYT
Glad to hear you're making great progress!..I see you have the much-giggled-at '69' Badge today too the smuttiest milestone of all! ..Keep up the good work ..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
Thank you for your pep talk - it's helping me do the next right thing today. IWNDWYT 
For me looking back on it (on other go arounds not just this one) living life while drinking WAS hard mode.
I love this so much! Thank you
Right on dude.
Hell yeah. I replaced the empty booze calories with smoothies avocados and honey in my tea. Fifteen pounds GONE-ZO since September. It's been 10 years since I've been in this great of shape...Lifting and a few miles on the treadmill a week has been better than any Happy Hour at the bar. I was called "fit" by two strangers last week. I have never heard that before in my life!!!!..Great post. Keep it up! ..IWNDWYT
I'm so glad I found this sub! And congrats to you! I'm hoping that since i'm not drinking 12 beers a night anymore i'll start losing some weight too :)..IWNDWYT
Fantastic rallying call! I know that looking in the mirror and seeing the big sparkly eyes cheekbones and only ONE chin makes me happy. Not having my belly overhanging my trouser waistband makes me feel more comfortable. saying "OK enough" and turning off from work at night if I can and going to read [as opposed to having had a case of the "fuckits" and drinking till I pass out] makes me feel like I am finally actually taking some care of my mental need for rest from work and parenting in a positive way. It IS a daily thing the Lizard brain is a sneaky baitch but every day spent sober is coin in the bank of my self-worth account.. 
