-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8daw8t/all_in/

So - I need to get a new badge - I am back to day 1   .I have been on my sober roller coaster for about three years with the most effort this past year. I went to IOP last summer and am on the AA wagon....in the past year I was able to string together 85 days 2x and a bunch of twenty and thirty days with 5 relapses. Each relapse has gotten shorter (last three were literally one nighters)......I am done with them now. I can't live with the worry of losing my family. Last night I had maybe 10 minutes of feeling good and the rest of the night was a mix of anxiety (what if I get caught? Is  this  even worth it? How do I get rid of empties? How do I act like I am sober?) and lame conversation (on my part)...I shared with a sober peer my relapse (not to whole AA meeting) and I have been thinking about why it even happened. And part of it was that I was feeling a little smug - I helped my sponsor (yes I have one - no I did not reach out to her) with a crisis on Monday night and also helped my brothers with an issue they were having. I used words and ideas I learned from here and from meetings. It felt good to help someone else. And I think that is where I went off the rails....I wanted to celebrate my victory! Boy do I have work to do!!! Reading that makes me cringe......I lurk here often but do not post - in addition to my AA meetings (3-4 week) - I am going to work on signing in daily with sub and start commenting more. I relate to y'all so much and have learned a lot - it is time for me to be active and accountable. I refuse to let alcohol take me down    ..If you made it this far - I thank you for reading and iwndwyt  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! We're right here with you. This is the longest I've been sober! IWNDWYT!
Glad you're here!  You've had some long stretches. Hope I can get there. IWNDWYT 
Welcome!  Sounds like you have made a great decision.  Good luck on your journey!
Welcome! Glad you are here!  It's a very supportive place to be .IWNDWYT.
Glad you're back! Been struggling myself and almost bought beer today after a fight with my spouse. Had to play the tape forward to survive the night sober. Walking is my AA. Went for a long one this evening! IWNDWYT 
That's great you jumped right back on the sober train.  As the mod say as long as we keep trying we can do it.  IWNDWYT
Welcome! I'm only on day 2 but this is a great supportive group. No judgment no pushing. It's exactly what I needed &amp; I hope it helps you too. IWNDWYT!
