-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dfbj1/planned_relapses/

I've had 2 events recently that I planned on relapsing.  2 events that I always drink for.  I convinced myself that if I made it to those sober i would celebrate with having a drink.  I convinced myself that it would be ok.  The funny thing is when i made it to those days i really didn't feel like drinking so i didn't.  It is so weird to me that the thought has become so unappealing to me. .IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

I love this. I have a few events coming up that I'm mentally struggling with too.
I feel like that about an upcoming beach trip.  I expect to have a beer on the beach but I don't know if I actually will.  I think about how nice it would be then I think of having too many and a hangover and don't want to.
Man that just gave me goosebumps. Nice job my friend. 
 
Good job! With almost 100 days under your belt your brain has made tremendous progress with restoring your brain chemistry. It is a healing process that can take over a year to get back to normal. **One single night of drinking can reset your brain back to Day 1.** I don't know about you but the few hours of "fun" I would have if I relapsed would NOT be worth starting over. Fuck that. 
Wow that's so encouraging!  Sweet how we can become the changes that we have made.  Good job!  IWNDWYT!
My birthday/cousins wedding I said would be my next drink. Nearly 6 weeks into sobriety and alcohol is the last thing on my mind I feel you man!! ..IWNDWYT 
I hit my 90 days figured I'd test the waters again. Found myself wondering what the big deal was about alcohol before... Kinda wished I'd turned my 90 days into 100 and so on. It wasn't worth it. 
I plan my vacations with preset thoughts about how I will avoid relapses.  I make sure I am not put in situations that will lead me to relapse avoid triggering situations and have my exit strategy planned out in case I get uncomfortable. 
I was writing another response yesterday when I hit on this analogy:..Trying to drink in moderation for an alcoholic is like taking a tiger out of a cage putting it on a leash and then periodically poking it with a stick. You might - you might! - tame the tiger. But it's far more likely that you will let your guard down once and the one time will be the time the tiger rises up and takes you down...Other people can take their chances with moderation; I'm tired of playing with tigers. 
Really appreciate this post. Still early in my own journey but my birthday is coming up and I've contemplated what it might be like to have my usual celebratory Guinness as I have for way too many years...I think I could stay away from binging but I just keep coming back to why even have the one?.Why waste all the time and frustration and ultimately reward of everything for something that wouldn't even satisfy the impairment I was looking for? Starting to realize there's so much more to celebrate in life than expensive traditions. 
Totally get this LOL Yes now I just don't feel like drinking anymore. LOL 
I've been here so many times. It's weird; when I'm at an event with alcohol I think about drinking the addictive part of my brain says "just have *one* you'll be relaxed and get along with everyone better" while another part says "meh you know what drunkness feels like you know what you feel like after even if it's only one drink why bother?"..When I passed the 1 year mark I realized that I just no longer have any interest in drinking anymore. Even now I think about grabbing a beer with people and I just...don't want to. Nonetheless the addiction voice still nags in a way that I've grown used to lol
I had the same thing! Isn't it great?!
I am in the same spot - it is nice just to not want to really even though it is in the back of your head! IWNDWYT or on occasions that we typically do! Sober on friend!
Good job!  IWDWYT!
