-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8djtlr/a_viscous_cycle/

Well I'm back at it again I'm 28 female and have been drinking heavy for about ten years. The last three years have been on and off again drinking and attempting to stop. It's funny because by the time you realize what has happened you are in sooo deep!.I'm really struggling right now and am very depressed. I have soo much self hatred and want to set a better example for my two kids. After many failed attempts which only takes a toll on the mind negatively I'm trying again......I feel very alone through this so am turning here to express myself and talk to others who struggle thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with you. We can be strong when to do this. 
Dani welcome! I am also a mother of two 36 years old. You are so not alone. I've been struggling with it for ten years and I'm just done. Depression I also know well what I did was talked to my doctor and he upped my Prozac it's helped. Do you have a doctor you could see? It could really help. Just know you can do this and you're very welcome here!!
You're worth it. I don't want to sound preachy but what worked for me was going to meetings getting a sponsor and working the steps. Self hatred went away and I could start looking the world in the eye. T'was a beautiful thing. ..I tried on my own so many times. Eventually failed every time on my own. ..It's worth a shot if you're struggling. What have you got to lose? 
You are not alone. 
Welcome ..Are you trying any if yhe recovery programs?  The r/alcoholism subreddit has links to AA Women For Sobriety (WFS) and others. ..AA saved my ass. ..Keep us posted. ..IWNDWYT 
Welcome aboard!..Sorry to hear you're struggling... we understand exactly what it's like and you're not alone.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped... I also had the support of my doctor.....I also enjoyed reading the blog 'Mrs D is Going Without'... written by a Mum who found herself grappling with a heavy wine habit and then gave up... it's really engaging and well-written.....I tried several times to stop all on my own and that never stuck for very long... it was quite demoralising in fact... I had to get serious about it and find myself the right knowledge tools help and support... It's working well so far!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted on how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
28 new dad here.  I could've posted the exact same thing myself 10 years of slowly increasing alcohol use and before you know it the binges are no more than a few days apart and every minute in between spent recovering. I'm only about a week and a half off that treadmill but I can tell you with certainty that things will get better and quickly! Hang tough  IWNDWYT
Lol why viscous?
good pun
I know the struggle. Keep fighting!
I'm a mom too! I think there is some special invite-only SD mom group. I keep trying to find it. But welcome!! IWNDWYT
That sounds awesome!
