-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dkh8o/advice_how_do_i_still_having_a_social_life_and/

A little over 3 months ago and several years after I'd started thinking about it I decided to stop drinking. ..I didn't anticipate how lonely deciding to not drink anymore would make me feel. I'm struggling with still having a social life and even mentioning to anyone even offhand "oh actually I don't drink anymore'. To me I'm scared anyone saying something like "oh that's good for you" or "probably for the best" would imply some sort of judgement I am just not able to work through yet. So I just barely go out and don't even reply to people asking me to do social things that might imply drinking. My boyfriend knows and is supportive but I've also been insistent he live his life and still go out but if I'm being honest I wish he did so less. I get uncomfortable and kind of sad when he comes home from a night out with our friends that I know would have been one of the fun drinking times (instead of the many many sad drinking times) I had. I've tried suggesting things I thought would be alcohol free ... I made a brunch for a bunch of people but people still showed up with mimosas. I didn't anticipate that I would become so uncomfortable around alcohol. It's not that I don't trust myself I know I've made the correct decision and I am the kind of person that really sticks to things once I've decided it's just that I don't even want to be around it. ..TL;DR How do I reconcile letting people know I am no longer drinking without having to discuss it and how can I maintain a social life when I am a young childless urbanite? ..Edit: my title is all over the place and I wish I could edit it. Argh. 
----------immediate responses--------

This was the hardest part of quitting drinking for me. It took me 6 months to an entire year to become socially comfortable in situations where I normally would have drank. 
What I like to do whenever I have doubts like these is take a look at people who choose not to drink not because of any problem they have but simply because they decided to. I like to look at their reasons and maybe absorb some of the confidence that lies in their decision. After all they don't do it because they have to but because they choose to be sober. Of course I can't change my thoughts immediately just with a snap of a finger but I feel like if I reflect on the confidence and determination in their decision it gets easier to apply the same in my own life. 
Wouldn't it be lovely if was just so normal for it to be a non-topic!   ..I have bunco (a dice game)  on Friday with girls I typically wine with when we get together twice a year. I also bunco'd with them for 3.5 years sober while I was on probation (not booze or substance related) and they were all super supportive and I had fun being social and seeing my peeps without the wine.  ..Now I'm letting myself drink at pre-determined events and bunco is NOT one of them this month so I'll be bringing San Peligrino (mineral water not the flavored crap haha) rather than wine.   If asked I think I'll say  yeah I'm just kinda over it and don't feel like it tonight .  It's true dismissive non-dramatic low emotion.  Just meh.  ..Might not be what works for you but thanks for asking the question cuz I'd been pondering in the back of my head how much I'd go into it.   And just processed this while chatting back to you.   Blah blah blah.   I love this place.  Keep us posted.  ..IWNDWYT or Friday night either. 
If you don't know people well you can blame diabetes...Anither route is to just work through it: "oh hey good for you". "Heh thanks". Next topic. I realize you don't feel you're there yet but it might be one of those things that feels like a huge deal until after you go through it like the episode of Doug where he was afraid to go to a party because he had a zit but Patty Mayonnaise didn't even notice. 
I feel this way at times especially in the beginning. I didn't know what to say and how to not make things weird when someone offered me a drink. ..Ultimately I decided I had to be honest and own my decision. The first few times I turned down a drink it was awkward but guess what? I got through it. It is strange but then it gets easier and easier. ..Good trick - if someone offers you a drink have a non alcoholic choice right at the tip of your tongue.  Club soda thanks! With a smile and confidence no one even bats an eye. If someone offers you a drink and you do the whole   Actually I'm not drinking  thing I felt like I was opening myself up to questions. ..Now I order my club soda splash of cran lime please with a quick smile that reads  don't question my choices. ..As for the friends and partner thing be honest. Some days I have to tell my boyfriend I don't feel like being around booze can we not have that in our life this weekend. He's always supportive. My friends if I'm having a hard day and they are having drinks I give myself a time limit and once it's up I'm out. No more hanging at the brewery watching people get drunk for me. I put in my time maybe an hour and some change and head home. Setting time limits has saved my butt in nearly every social event that involves drinking. ..I have a hard and fast rule in my house- no booze through the doors! I live alone so it's an easy rule. My boyfriend asked if he could take a 6 pack home from the bar a few months ago after we ate and he had a few. I said no and did not feel an ounce of guilt. My house my rules. If you're having a party or throwing brunch I say make the rules. If you want a sober brunch communicate your needs. If they are true friends they will understand. 
