-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dkuyn/coming_clean/

Today was my last work day until next month. Took this time off for sanity. Work is really rough lately. I need this time off. But I'm also really scared. All I can do is try my best. I think I might need people in my life to hold me accountable. I haven't told my fiance what I'm going through. I couldn't bear to tell him and fail in my sobriety but I'm sober now for 40 days. I'm committed. I'm a different person than I had become...I've written a letter to my closest friends which I hope to send when I reach 100 days. I need to explain myself and apologize for failing them for years. A few weeks after my 100 day mark we're all reuniting and I do not want to join the drinking. It's too dangerous for me to just pretend I have no problem. My friends will understand and will be fine with me not drinking but they need to know why...Tomorrow I'll write the letter to my fiance admitting everything. The full extent of my problem how much I drank and hid where I hid that I was buying more every week and hiding it that I would throw up in shame in the downstairs bathroom some mornings to hide what my body was going through that I went through and survived the withdrawals and that I had those withdrawals because I'm an alcoholic. I'll give him it when he gets home....I hid this at first for various reasons. I caused so much pain that I couldn't bear to cause any more. I can't hide this any more though. Too risky. I have a problem and I'm scared of ever falling again. They say we set ourselves up for relapse. I need to ensure I'm not doing that. This time off work will not be my relapse...It just passed midnight into Friday. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

My advice is to take it slow while writing down your  confession .  I tried that early on and had to stop. Don't let the emotions get you so wound up anxious and depressed that you start jonesing for alcohol. ..Maybe try playing some soft classical music or new age instrumentals. Hydrate and take some well timed breaks. The most important part is to not drink. You have time to do these. ..You mentioned accountability. AA meetings saved my ass but that is not the only program any more.  Check out the links to AA Women For Sobriety (WFS) and others on the sidebar of r/alcoholism if you aren't familiar with them. ..Good luck kiddo. Keep us here at SD posted. ..IWNDWYT 
Sending you love and strength. Just lit a candle for you tonight.   
It takes so much bravery and courage to come out. You can do this. I believe that you can end this vicious cycle.
