-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dme76/back_to_day_1_after_relapsing_after_96_days/

I relapsed on a business trip after 96 days of sobriety. I knew the trip would be difficult as we were in a developing country with busy days and warm weather. The second day there is when I decided to drink again. There wasn't a lot of thought in it or even any struggle. I'm just at a really lonely point in my life and was tired of feeling like I was missing out. The first day I only had 2 and most days after that were similarly limited. However there were several days where I blew right past that level. Here's what I noticed:..* The taste was not very good and the drink was not refreshing. I don't know what I was expecting but that wasn't it. Days later when I tried an IPA I was really disgusted with how truly awful they are. IPAs suck...* My energy and clarity of thought began to fade again. In fact all quality of life factors began to decline pretty rapidly   even though most my drinking was moderate. I miss my precious sober sleep...* My  plans  for drinking on a limited basis instantly fell: just two not every day weekends only only when out of the country etc. Whatever guidelines I set for myself just fell with increasing ease. ..* Probably the worst part is that the obsession started again. How did I manage to go through life with so much mental time devoted to drinking? Waiting delaying managing planning considering so much mental time and energy...The relapse lasted 12 days with a few days of sobriety sprinkled in. Anyway I want my sobriety back and I will not let it slip again. Thanks for reading and thank you for being here...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back ..IWNDWYT 
I like how you broke that all down..It is inspiring because in the back of my mind I do wonder can I or should I be able to drink again? Just a glass here or there?..Saving your post..Thank you for writing..IWNDWYT
Good for you for getting back on the wagon. 
I define my relationship with alcohol like a bad relationship.. You break up as its destructive after a few months you forget the bad episodes and only ponder on the good times...You give the relationship another chance and after a while you realise why you initially left...Nothing changes!! 
New beginning. Way to go... very insightful. ..Thank you for posting..... Just reading the words .. the obsession. This is the thing - I must remember before ever picking up a drink ever again...IWNDWYT 
Glad you are back - and thank you for sharing the results of your exploring. The thought of "just one" still often pops into my mind and it's stories like yours do remind me of why we are all here and why moderation can just be a giant vortex.
Thank you for posting this. I'm saving this post as well. iwndwyt!
Sometimes I think man an IPA would be great today!..Then I remember when I relapsed the last time I went right to an IPA- I had to basically force myself to drink the first 2 of a six pack I bought. It was terrible I kept asking myself why am I doing this? The answer- to get drunk of course. Not enjoy the taste but to get drunk. ..I too realized after that last relapse- IPAs were not as refreshing as I thought they would be and I wasnt drinking to enjoy the taste of beer (as I often told myself) I was drinking to get drunk. Unfortunately that relapse lasted like 15 months- but I learned alot about my drinking habits during that time.
I am sorry you relapsed but am so glad you are back.It seems to me that you have learned an awful lot through this experience and are going to use it.You know you can do this now.I will not drink with you today.
Glad you found your way back 
When I had my relapse I remember thinking to myself the first night "why did I ever drink this disgusting crap?" but that didn't stop me the next night and the next and the next for a month. the escalation of drinks was insane to. from 6 the first night to 18 by the end of a month....I wouldn't encourage for anybody to have a relapse but in a way it can be a good thing cant it? it gives you the memory that what you'd been remembering was not what you were experiencing. its a like a shitty movie you remembered fondly as a kid until you watch it again and realize how shitty it truly was..
I really appreciate this...thanks a lot for sharing that. I've been struggling recently after having no issues for months. I'd say you may have swerved a little but you're still firmly planted on the sober path. 
Welcome back. Thanks for sharing. 
Welcome back 
That sucks i'm glad you're back! Reminds me to stay vigilant! It's easy to slip and then bam your back at it. Thanks! I won't drink with you today! 
Thank you for sharing.  I'm at 114 days and sometimes I think "I have this nailed down.  I could surely handle a drink or two."  .  .The thing is now *I KNOW* what kind of dysfunctional relationship I have with alcohol.  I'm always one sip away from living Pink Floyd's "Time."  .  .&gt; And then one day you find  .Ten years have got behind you  .No one told you when to run  .You missed the starting gun
Beer sucks man. For so long I convinced myself I really enjoyed beer for how it tasted and liked drinking lots of different things. Truth is no one would bother drinking it without alcohol in it. Past four months every beer I've had I've not enjoyed and I kept drinking it despite noting  this is horrible  every time! I started drinking other things to try find something I actually enjoyed and never succeeded. Glad you're back all the best   
Right there with ya. I recently relapsed after 150 days. Same thoughts like "oh I'm doing so well one drink won't hurt much"..But that one drink turned into four strong drinks and all the pain and darkness and all the bad things were dredged back up. But I woke up the next day slightly hungover and with the reminder of why I started this in the first place...This time around I feel so much stronger with my resolve and now have this reminder of why I stopped drinking on top of everything else...Welcome back we're happy you are here and IWNDWYT!
Thanks for coming back to share your story and struggles I WNDWTY.
So. fucking. helpful. Thank you for sharing this. Drinking again is a huge fear for me (and many others I'm sure) and though I certainly don't mean to diminish what you went through as a whole your sharing it with all of us is immensely helpful...Thank you again truly (you can't know how much you're helping me) and I am so glad you're back and so glad you felt safe enough with all of us to share this. Hugs to you. &lt;3 
sounds to me like you took a stumble and remained self aware throughout.  maintaining that self .awareness is the difference between it being a struggle and a losing battle.  ..you did better than you realize.  good job correcting the course
You've got this. Bump in the road is all. 
Self discipline and control are key. While we all need help from time to time you are the biggest part of your recovery. That being said a single drink from time to time isn't bad for anyone. 
In the last 8 months or so I had a 115 day sober stretch and a couple 60 day stretches. Even though I had a few benders thrown in there life is still WAY better than if I spent that entire time drunk or hung over. .We can keep fighting and hopping back on the wagon. Builds character
Hey man.   96 days is great but you only need to do one day (today).    And you are halfway there!
Thank you so much for sharing! I have been struggling lately and your post helped me not drink tonight!
Concentrate on today. Glad you are back.
sobriety should be handled with the utmost care. like a premature baby but even more so. i'm liking how you're not beating yourself up over it like you screwed up got out of your lane identified it and now you're back in your lane. care for your sobriety like the delicate things it is. 
I needed to read this today thanks and I will not drink with you.
Welcome back! Your fighting the good fight. I can relate to so many your revelations - especially how quick the mental obsession starts - that is just crazy! Stay strong and iwndwyt!
Welcome back mate don't kick yourself. Inspiring to see you look the problem in the face and deal with it head on. Keep going ! IWNDWYT 
You've got this. I know we have the acronym of IWNDT but I have another H.W.P.O Hard work pays off...You know the work just work harder and those days when you feel great think again because that is the obsession. It will catch you at your high point. Get back to work and we are all in this together 
