-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dop5d/100_days_sober_going_home_tomorrow/

It's been nearly 6 months since I last lived in my wife and I's house.  I've been in detox/rehab/sober living since then.  I haven't drank in those 6 months but did have a relapse on benzos for a couple of days and thus identify with the 100 days sober...Tomorrow after marriage therapy my wife is coming to the sober house for the first time and helping me move myself back home.  This is not a situation where she is worried and anxious and only willing to move halfheartedly.  This morning I woke up to a text message: "ONLY ONE MORE NIGHT!!!!".  She sends me messages asking what I want to do tomorrow afternoon what should we eat how long can we cuddle for? et...She is entirely excited and I am entirely excited. I feel like I am the man I was when we got married and she is excited to have her husband back and better than ever...It's almost time! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! That's some really exciting stuff. ..IWNDWYT
Wow. Talk about fighting for what's important. I am so happy for you and your family and I hope you guys have fun!!  Congrats on 100 days!!
Im delighted for you both....a beautiful fresh start.....wishing you a glorious day     
This is beautiful. My heart is swelling for you both...Congrats too on all the decisions and sacrifices you were making. Glad to hear there's a happy ending. :)
Congratulations!  That is a beautiful story.  Thanks for sharing.  IwnDWYT
Congrats my friend. IWNDWYT! 
Good for you!..IWNDWYT 
That's sounds so good buddy.. feeling young again and enjoying people's company is a big benefit of being sober .. I shall spare a thought for you and have a nice cup of tea for your future together. Very happy post
That's so exciting for you.  Wishing you all the best on your new start together!  IWNDWYT :)
Congratulations on your the 100 days and going home. IWNDWYT. 
Congratulations! IWNDWYT!
I'm so happy for you. That's incredible she is so excited. Stay the course for your family
That's beautiful man. Congratulations.  You did it.
How lovely-- congrats! IWNDWYT
Y
Congratulations! Sounds like you are working hard. Keep it up! Iwndwyt 
Man. I got a bit misty reading that. 
Congratulations on reclaiming your life! It belongs to you and you don't ever have to share it with alcohol again. IWNDWYT
Congrats Dude. You've accomplished something very impressive and meaningful. Something Big. Enjoy every second of your your day tomorrow and everyday thereafter!
Yay for you! Stay vigilant. IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing this. Best wishes.  
