-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dq5b8/wow_im_an_alcoholic_and_i_just_went_to_my_first/

After continuous false starts promises of stopping and eventual relapses...I finally had to admit to myself and my partner I am an addict/alcoholic. And I always have been. ..I pussy footed around with the idea that I'm NOT an addict or alcoholic because my life was "together" and I always vacillated between drinking very heavily to drinking somewhat moderately. But in truth that was complete delusion. I've always been lying about ever since I had someone to lie to about it (my wife). I always was drinking (or smoking weed) when I shouldn't be. I was always unbalanced with substances in general...I've never moderated substances but I'm one of those alcoholics that nobody would EVER guess to be the case; self-employed successful home owner family man emotionally "stable" (basically no social anxiety or anything). I just love to be in altered states but I SUCK at being able to do that in a balanced way so I end up taking it too far (drinking at work driving buzzed drinking until I become out of control/sloppy). ..And since admitting that I decided to seek support and go down the path of sobriety. I know I'm not going to be perfect but at least I know now that is what I need to do. I won't ever be able to balance substances and you know I'm OK with that. I had some fun years and some good memories but also a lot of bad years and terrible memories. Sobriety is a good fit for someone like me who tends to overindulge in just about anything. ..And away we go......https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXpIDnfRtmM
----------immediate responses--------

welcome.  Yeah balance is something does not come naturally...
Welcome to SD! This place is an amazing place. I'm 14 days sober and was the same as you. I am a business owner and I never missed work I functioned well the hubby and I got along for the most part. No one knew I had a problem. ..I was drinking a fifth every two days. I had a problem. It's not easy to admit. But it's truth. ..Again welcome! Post often people here generally understand. 
This sounds a lot like me. .I've also known for years but I thought I had it together and thought no one knew. It wasn't till I stopped and admitted it that everyone close to me finally said they noticed how bad it was! ..Great job on the first meeting!..Now I'm gonna have to listen to a few coheed albums today. It's been so so long I didn't realise how much I missed them. Thanks for the reminder! 
" because my life was "together" and I always vacillated between drinking very heavily to drinking somewhat moderately."..It me. I went to my first meeting last Saturday. I will not drink with you today
