-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dx18r/40_days_and_40_nights/

Hi Sobernauts! ..No this post isn't about the 2002 Josh Hartnett &amp; Shannyn Sossamon Rom Com. [Shannyn is hawt tho (and I'm a lady) ](https://goo.gl/images/BFWFaC)..Today marks the longest I've been sober since 2016! I've been a sober renegade and I am not proud of that. However every relapse gets tougher to bounce back from and this last one was a doozy. ..I live alone with a 5 month puppy. I was in a situation where I was able to work from home for a dream company. This gave me endless opportunities to drink around the clock with no accountability. I'd wake up get most of my work done and then around 5pm get started on my grocery run to go get some wine in a carton (no clinking that way). Then I'd hide and drink and hide and drink. ..40 days ago I was sick of myself. Sick of ruining my life. JUST PLAIN SICK. ..Here is how I got to today:.-I got honest with my family and close friends.-I broke up with a wonderful dood so I could focus on my health and sobriety (not easy but much better on both of us rather than dragging him through the ick).-I went to a meeting or 2 (or 3!) every damn day .-Signed up for an outpatient treatment that meets for 9 hours a week (during my witching hour).-Started building relationships in AA and saying yes to anything my fellowship invited me to join (this is a lifesaver!) Uncomfortable at first but I've been laughing so much in sobriety that it's wild .-I meet with my sponsor every week to stay on track and text her when I'm feeling a little squirrelly (we work the steps and I'm on step 4).-Instead of being fearful I rely on my higher power for everything. HP is my homeboy/girl. ..Anyway 40 days without a hangover has been one of the best gifts I've been given. Closely followed by rebuilding my relationships with my family helping other alcoholics accepting my imperfections and building my integrity. I also have a second job interview this week which has everything to do with being sober! TMI but all of my dandruff has cleared up and my face is free of 33 year old zits!..Gratitude x a zillion to all the support here SD! Keep fighting the good fight!  ..I AIN'T DRANKIN' WITCHU TODAY! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 40 days! And thanks for letting us know how you did it...Sounds like a lot of good things have been coming your way. Always grateful to hear that...Not drinking with you today too!
Good for you!..IWNDWYT 
Nice work you've got this! :) IWNDWYT
