-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e0pvc/thoughts_on_marijuana_use_for_those_who_are/

I'm curious what people on this sub think about those who stop drinking but either continue (or start) with weed?..What have been everyone's experience with this? Is it a stepping stone to relapse or is it a less addictive and less dangerous way to help one stave off the anxiety or other negative side effects from quitting drinking? 
----------immediate responses--------

It just never held a candle to alcohol in my mind. It's apples and oranges for me. My brain wants alcohol. I can leave the weed for others who actually enjoy it. 
It helps with anxiety.
Alcohol cigs sugar and weed. One at a time and in that order is what I did. Here is the ticket you have to be honest with yourself. Everyone is different but getting really stoned and eating a big meal as a celebration for not drinking kept me sober many nights...Same thing with cigs. I would smoke up real big at the end or sometimes all day to keep off the smokes. Knowing its a crutch and temporary helped me moderate. It is way more effective when I have access to dispensaries as I can regulate doses and manage the effects...I am on the sugar battle now and I smoke about 1 gram of mmj a week. Two puffs during the day and two at night out of a tiny one hitter. Any old salt that wants to talk shit about my clean date of 2 years can kiss my ass. I am out running and working while many of them overload on caffeine and nicotine whining in meetings. ..There isn't a one size fits all and as long as you are being honest with yourself and getting better everyday then you are on the right path. 
I wish I enjoyed it!  It just seems to amplify my paranoia and anxiety. 
To each their own. I found marijuana to be a very helpful tool when first getting sober although now it is starting to become just another crutch. I find myself getting way too high every night and blowing tons money on it. Its not having a hugely negative impact on my life but i wouldnt say its helping me either. Its a deeply personal thing. Smoking weed may work out for you and youll be able to live a happy and productive life free from alcohol. Then again it may not.
I don't think I could have quit drinking without weed. Yay for harm reduction.
I wish weed curbed my anxiety. It does the opposite for me it makes me more anxious and then I just want to drink. I think as long as you're mindful about how much you're using and making sure you don't become dependent on it it can be helpful. Like someone else said harm reduction. If I did use it and found myself getting stoned every night or most nights I would probably feel the need to quit.
Weed always messed me up way more than alcohol so I do not use it even though it is legal where I live.  From those I know that smoke instead of drink it is basically substituting one drug for another though for them it is much better than drinking or doing harder drugs.
Everyone's different I guess for me I've found out I keep relapsing into alcohol if I start smoking weed. Maybe that will change at some point.
I couldn't moderate weed. I tried and failed many times but it got to the point where if it was in the house I'd smoke it.  Never while working but every night and sometimes during the days on weekends.  It sapped my productivity and motivation to do anything else and just became a different way to get intoxicated and  check out .  It just wasn't the life I wanted.  It was a surprisingly powerful addiction and it took moving to a new state with no hookup to help me quit once and for all.  I don't recommend chancing it.
