-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e7ah4/made_a_fool_of_myself_last_night/

I struggle with crippling anxiety. I've tried to stop drinking this year lasting several weeks at a time. The emotional hangovers far out weight the physical hangovers. It's just too much. ..Last night I made a fool of myself in front of my husband and boss (we've got a great relationship and hang out often). Wasn't ready to leave even though my husband was which resulted in a dramatic exit lots of tears and my boss getting involved. I texted the boss immediately to apologize. He said not to worry or feel embarrassed not to give it another thought. ..My husband however has hardly spoken to me today. I can't count the times he's drunkenly embarrassed me over our 12 years together. He told me I was out of control and no one will ever want to be around me again. The whole ordeal lasted about 20-30 minutes so I didn't think it was that bad but my husband's words have stuck with me. ..I've been crying all day. Can't look at myself in the mirror. I'm humiliated and disappointed and don't know how to face anyone that was there ever again. I can't stop crying. I hate myself. I've never been so angry at myself in my life. I don't know how to get over this. We were all having so much fun up until those last 30 minutes and I fucking ruined everything. My husband deserves so much better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Firstly can you give yourself a break?  Treat yourself like you would a good friend who just had a difficult situation?  There are 107k people on here that have all done something embarrassing.  The thing is that stopping drinking resolves the problem.  Have you read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace yet?  It's a really good book and might make you feel better too.  IWNDWYT
I've felt that way so many times I feel your pain. On hangover days I used to exaggerate consequences of my actions. I used to see everything darker than it really was. Don't beat yourself up too much it's not as bad as you think. Nobody can judge you (boss husband colleagues) as they all made fool of themself at somepoint. Sleep on it for tonight... in a couple of days you'll be able to bounce back from that event and make some changes in your life. Embarassment was the main reason for me to stop drinking. I had enough of that feeling. 
Everyone makes mistakes. And all of us on here have made drunken fools out of ourselves as well.  Try not to be too hard on yourself. Are you wanting to stop drinking or are you just upset that you made a scene?
Ive been there. I got blacked out in front of my boss and she was so worried. She said the same things to me to not worry everyone has been there etc but for me I knew it was part of a larger problem. .What's helped me is putting days of sobriety together to create space from those incidences. I needed to get sober. I can't have just one drink. There are a lot of resources out there for those of us who decide to do that. AA worked for me. This sub is amazing and I saw some people have also recommended This Naked Mind. .Sobriety helped me regain integrity and confidence. We have all been in your shoes but just know you don't have to feel like that today if you don't pick up. IWNDWYT. 
Don't feel bad! Alcohol does that. I been there and can say beating yourself up won't help.. the sooner you are kind and forgiving to yourself the sooner real recovery becomes possible. Hang tight!
I've had some rough nights like this too. Crippling anxiety the next day that ruined 2-3 days. I finally said enough is enough  this is no way to live or waste time thinking about  how I acted .  Life is too short to waste any time reliving a drunken embarrassing moment.  I quit 45 days ago and .have never felt better. I'm a better mom wife friend and person all around without alcohol.  Happy to be off that roller coaster.   Use this awful experience to quit.    Love this reddit group by the way.  Good luck to you!
