-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e7cft/struggled_with_sobriety_had_definite_moments_of/

My life is wonderful. I have a great husband wonderful dog and perfect little baby girl. Except for the little devil on my shoulder telling me to drink all the time. I've always wanted to be someone that I am not (perfect fit etc) and sometimes I get to a point where I feel like I am getting there but then I relapse (because I want to be 'normal' or I feel like I can handle it). ..Its an on going 10 year battle for me. And I've been with my partner for that entire time and enough is enough (really...enough is enough was about four times ago). I start off really good -- I stop drinking become positive then about 1-2 weeks in I start getting negative thinking about drinking all the time and figuring out ways to just sneak a *small* shot of liquor before my husband gets home (It's just one right? If I can control it and just have one this time---I'm good. NOT. One always leads to another even if its not that time). ..I just relapsed and blacked out after a 3 month period of sobriety. I had been wavering on the brink of it for about 2 weeks now in my in-between phase of drinking casually (one here and there when I could sneak it) but finally yesterday I got into the beer and blacked out. Woke up with a top of cuts all over my hands from throwing a glass lost my wedding and engagement rings and practically on the brink of divorce. Blacked out all while my 9 month old sleeps with her dad. ..I don't drink everyday (I have definitely had bouts of that before and didn't yet go there this time but it was getting there) but when I do drink its extreme. Or it leads up to extreme behavior (I can sometimes control it for the first two or three times drinking but then I always end up blacking out or end up drunk). ..I want to stop drinking. I know I can stop drinking. And I know I have a problem and I CAN'T drink. This is always so fresh in my mind when I had an episode. But how can I keep that going? What are some tips that when I am 3 days 3 weeks 3 months 3 years down the road to remind myself of these?..I was thinking of writing a list of everything (or the things I can remember) that have been incredibly hurtful to my family or myself when I have been drunk. Reading that when I feel the urge to drink a beer or get drunk. I also was reading today the concept of "living dry" just because you stopped drinking doesn't really necessarily mean you keep doing the same things in your life that you are doing....there is a reason your drinking after all. ..Any tips would be super helpful. Thanks..
----------immediate responses--------

AA saved my ass but it's not the only option out there now. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit contains links to the major recovery programs including AA Women For Sobriety (WFS) and others  AA has women's meetings too. ..They taught me it wasn't my fault but it was my problem. Good luck kiddo. Asking for help is half the battle. We don't have to face this alone. ..IWNDWYT 
I needed AA to get sober. I needed a plan support and a place where I could relate to other people. .I've also found that women's groups (I'm a woman) have been especially helpful in AA. There are women's meetings where we can be open and honest not just about drinking but stresses of life. It's helped me navigate life so I don't have to rely on alcohol as my coping skill. .There are other groups as well that are outlined on some of these pages. I tried to string some time together but would also go back to drinking just as bad or worse without a support group and accountability. 
I just really had to come to grips with the fact that this is not something that is ever going to go away. Not in 3 6 12 18 or 1000 months. My brain responds to alcohol like gas to a flame. That is the plain old truth. It will always be that way so I always have to stay away from it.
Have you read Stop Drinking Now by Allan Carr?  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is really good and she has a youtube channel too.  You might just lose your desire to drink after reading these two.  As a blackout drinker you might really like the book Blackout.  IWNdWYT
  my rainbow might be getting extra colours I think 
