-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e7xoh/sunday_dinner_blues/

On Sunday night we almost always have family over for dinner. It's fine though a lot of work. There's always a lot of wine because my husband is a wine fetishist...For some reason tonight was extra hard. I'm worried about my dad I'm worried about losing my job (the agency I work for is struggling and I'm pretty sure it's going tits-up pretty soon) I'm scrambling to put together a job search portfolio and dreading all the work I have to put into that I'm stressed about all the credit card debt I have that I won't be able to pay off. And I didn't feel like spending the whole evening taking care of other people. ..It sounds like I don't have any agency any control in my house and I don't. I guess that is The Big Issue that I have to figure out. Tonight it seemed pretty clear and I was sad and anxious as I chased babies and cooked and listened to people talk and talk and talk...I really wanted to drink really really. I came close but the thought of starting my sober count over again stopped me.  ..Thanks for listening. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go that sounds insanely stressful! I'm so proud of you for staying strong in the midst of chaos!..Your strength to stay sober is what will keep you strong to handle whatever hardships may arise. Whether your job goes away or the guests overstay their welcome you can handle it because you've already made the choice to not drink. Fuck yeah you got this! You're gonna start Monday off right.
Big hug meta!! I'm glad you pulled through and I hope you're proud of yourself!  I sure am proud of you    Atta girl!  IWNDWYT 
Congratulations staying sober in such a stressful envirement. ..I'm sorry it was a rough night. 
I'm starting from day 1 and I can tell you I'm jealous of your 48. You don't want to be back here so congrats on staying strong! And although you have multiple points of stress on your mind remember that booze will only make them WORSE not better. Take a deep breath be thankful for your sobriety line up your tasks and knock them out! You've inspired me tonight. Stay strong and I will too.   
