-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e96k2/struggling/

Not with the not drinking itself. I'm one of those without an off switch but not flipping the switch on in the first place isn't too hard when I make up my mind to do it. I've done that before. 6 months to see if I could and then managed casual 1-2 drinks drinking for another 6 before sliding back into these idiotic binges....a reward for how good I'd been. Ain't I clever?..What I am struggling with is the reasons I have for drinking. How isolated I feel from other people without it. How boring I feel. How bored. How the only thing to do at night in this city are bars karaoke bars breweries; and how it is the only thing people ever ask me out to do. How the only meaningful thing in my day to day life is my job (great job high stress job...but still just a job and one that for a variety of reasons seems not to tolerate the medical treatment of mental disorders like depression). And how my hobbies just feel like killing time between now and I don't know what...So after yet another nonfatal night of hazy embarrassment uncomfortably close to the last night of hazy embarrassment and a day in bed instead of the plans I had made the weekend dead no better rested for Monday than I was on Friday afternoon.... today is day one (again) between now and I don't know what. I did it alone before but I realize that's not sustainable and there is very little in my day to day to help me along...Where do y'all find meaning and acceptance? What makes not drinking feel normal instead of just a pause on your 'real' life?
----------immediate responses--------

I wish I had answers for you but I am really grateful for you articulating so many of the questions that I have for myself that I couldn't seem to put into words. Hugs and hope. 
&gt;Where do y'all find meaning and acceptance? What makes not drinking feel normal....Connecting with other addicts in recovery here on this sub does for me! There's over 110000 of us here who all know exactly what it's like.... The opposite of Addiction is *Connection*......IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I'm in a similar space: feeling bored or like I'm missing out.  The thing I keep trying to remind myself is that I need to do things *differently* to rewire my brain - not drinking is doing something different......now that I write it out it sounds kinda lame and oversimplified but for now it's working...IWNDWYT 
What makes not drinking normal instead of a pause on my  real' life came pretty early for me - for which I credit Annie Grace's book This Naked Mind reinforced by reading Alcohol Explained and the Alan Carr book on stopping drinking. Basically it's that the perceived pleasant feeling of gratification from drinking alcohol is not what it seems but a function of alcohol's addictive quality - relieving withdrawal creates the illusion of pleasure. Once I figured the truth of that it was relatively easy to realise drinking alcohol was nothing but a really stupid way to pass time/spend money. ..There's a lot more in these books and I'm not normally a great one for self-help stuff but I would recommend them - especially for addressing fear of missing out. ..In what's now nearly a year my experience has been that it takes time for the brain to re-wire. It's well worth reading up on PAWS if you haven't already. I believe it's possible that what one experiences as  boredom' is more of a kind of down time while this is happening which may be why it's harder to spontaneously come up with new hobbies (for example) than one would think and easier to slip into other addictive behaviours (sugar/ice cream). ..But and this was the big realisation for me when it comes to socialising I did have to put something in and make an effort in order to get something out and not feel like a fish out of water. Sounds like a Hallmark homily I know but I kind of had to get over the initial shyness/reluctance that alcohol disinhibits all by myself. I realised I had to put on a front to get over it: bright smile in place a few stock sentences for openers and so on but once I got used to that I started really enjoying myself. ..Oddly lots of things I'd attributed to drinking - belly laughs shared warmth spontaneity unexpected eloquence - turned out not to be alcohol at all but the alchemy of shared time with others. (Yeah it gets a bit dull if they're drinkers after four or five glasses but hey I've had a great evening and I'm free to drive home if I want or move on.) And the deep deep satisfaction of waking up the next day remembering exactly who I spoke to what happened how I got home... (feel free to add a combination of any other behaviours like messy fridge raids pointless drunk arguments of dubious origin random texting drink and dial hangover...) is beyond priceless. ..The new normal's great in fact and not in any way a pause. 
