-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e9bcd/how_long_should_i_wait_till_i_write_a_letter/

My amazing boyfriend who put up with my shit for way too long called it quits with me earlier this year.. I was wasted and said some awful awful things. Stuff about his appearance his friends told him I wish he'd burn alive in a car fire. Shit I would never say now that I am sober... it makes my stomach turn thinking about the things I said. I have no idea why I'm such a terrible demonic possessed drunk. All I know is that I'm never touching alcohol again for as long as I live. ..I don't even know if it's worth it to try to be in touch because I don't even know if I would want to hear from someone again if they had said those things to me... but I honestly can't stand that those are the last things I said to him... Maybe it's selfish to be in touch and I should just let it be and move on. I just honestly loved him so much. I wish I hadn't of relapsed... we met when I was sober... lost my job got sick and turned to drinking. ..Do any of you have any advice? Should I wait a certain amount of time or should I just give up and move on... 
----------immediate responses--------

I went through AA and they never really specified a timeframe for making amends but it was more of a process.  I know there were some amends I needed to make right away. ..My gut tells me that these kind of amends should be made sooner tather than later but with some time to make sure you are on solid ground with your sobriety. ..The worst thing we can do is continue our patter of false promises. I remember having to divorce my amends from any promises of continuing sobriety. ..More like: I don't know what I will be lie tomorrow but today I recognize that I have wronged you and no matter what happens I need you to know that.....They told me I had to be willing to make amends to everyone yet even today 25 years later there are some I haven't made. I felt some would cause too much pain in the other person. Along the lines of letting sleeping dogs lie. I have to live with being aboe to forgive myself for those. ..Good luck kiddo ..IWNDWYT  
If it we're me I'd apologize when I was strong enough to know that I wouldn't be destroyed if the person told me to fuck off. Self-preservation. I'm not sure that's the good or right way to do it. ...But in recovery putting sobriety first is important. And that's one way I'd do it I guess...Or like you said I'd move on but maybe be prepared to apologize and explain of or when I saw the person again. ..Tough one.
You could write the letter to get it out of your head and keep it until you feel it the right time to send it?
I think that you can write the letter anytime but be very aware of the fact that your ex might not want to forgive you or might ignore you. You can't change anything about that. Like another SD friend said: you have to be strong enough to handle rejection or (maybe even worse) silence from your ex. If you are: go for it if you aren't: wait a little longer.
I think it depends upon your motivation. If your goal deep down is to get him back and you couldn't stand the possibility that this will not work....don't do it at least not until you're ready to accept possible rejection. If you genuinely just want to express remorse and let him go then it might be time. If you're not sure then wait until you are sure before doing anything. (One of my own life axioms is: if in doubt wait.)
