-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ebacx/struggling/

Hi everyone. I'm new and don't really know how to talk here to be honest so I'm just going to lay it out. I've been a classic cocktail bartender for around 5-6 years now and I'm stupidly passionate about everything it involves. It's the only thing I know how to do well. I became an alcoholic lost the love of my life my job (caught drunk at 6:30am still at work) and can't go through a day without shaking to the point where I give in and drink. I don't know how to start changing and I can't see a life without the woman I was just about to propose to. I'm lost and my only reason for not letting go is my 70 year old mother. Sorry if this comes across annoying or as a rant thought I'd throw it out and see if anyone has been in the same boat. I tried AA but everyone had been through so much more that I felt like I was intruding and felt guilty to be there having been drinking 1 hour beforehand
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! While my situation is a bit different I can totally identify with the sadness of only hanging on for the sake of your mum. Last year I thought 'if my mum dies I won't have to keep going anymore' which is a pretty awful way to feel. You are not alone and feel free to vent there are thousands of people here who have suffered in a similar way and are working on finding a way to change. It can be done you are not alone. A question: if it was a good friend of yours asking the question and saying the things you say above what would you say to them what advice would you give them? Good luck friend.
[removed]
Sounds like you have a decision to make do you want to be free or succumb to your depression?..I had to really put in the effort to free myself I had to fight against myself my addict mind my ingrained behavioral patterns my depression anxiety and flat out lazy self...It IS worth it and only you can do it...However we can help.
Maybe try Smart Recovery online.  It's based on REBT Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy which is part of cognitive behavioral therapy.  They have online meetings and lots of tools.  A lot of people that hate AA with a passion love Smart.  IWnDWYT  People there have all kinds of addictions from food to hard drugs to porn and everything in between.  
