-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eg042/12_days_until_my_wedding_and_my_life_feels_like/

Some of you may recognize my user name....I've been a poster here off and on since sober day 5.  It has been a rough road but rewarding in many ways.  ..I'm 12 days away from marrying a wonderful kind man who hasn't had a drop of alcohol since a week BEFORE we met...who is fully supportive of my recovery and all that I need to do to maintain a healthy and sober life.  ..But...things are crumbling around us today and I'm struggling.  ..My future father in law (who is also a minister and our officiant) has had heart troubles for a long time...but it has been recently confirmed he is in congestive heart failure.  Today they found 98% - 100% blockages in his arteries.  He has been on heavy blood thinners for a long time so at the moment I'm not sure if they can do open heart surgery on him right away or if they need to wait the 7 days till it is safely out of his system...My fiance is a disaster. In addition to this terrible situation his mother's cancer has quite likely returned. And I thought it was bad enough my own father chose to have shoulder surgery scheduled for 2 days pre-wedding and therefore possibly not in attendance as well...I am actively working my program.  I just came from a women's recovery retreat.  I'm in touch with my supports...but I'm worried scared angry frustrated tired and there are a whole bunch of other emotional soup bits floating around.  ..Thanks for listening...Stay sober my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

We got your back here. Holler if you need words of encouragement. ..Sorry you are having these issues take some of the luster off what should be your special day...IWNDWYT 
Mouse I'm sorry you and your spouse are going through all of this especially leading up to your wedding. .One of the gifts of sobriety for me has been being able to be present. This has meant the good and the bad. You can be present for your spouse during this time because you're sober. .When life hits me I try to hit back twice as hard in my program and it sounds like you're doing the same thing. Good luck to you and check in here as often as you need to! We are all here to get another 24 hours of sobriety together. 
Dear Mouse what a clusterfuck. Breathe sister breathe. So glad you just had your retreat. How can I support you here? Sending you all kinds of good juju. 
It seems like you are going through tough time. Stay strong. Before you know it you will find yourself on calm water.
Glad you're going to meetings. My heart aches re: Father in Law and your mom. Regarding your dad scheduling shoulder surgery 2 days before your wedding I'm shaking my head. My therapist did tell me that weddings and funerals bring out the worst in people. Glad your sober and sharing. Thank you. 
Awwww Mouse! I found that letter you sent me yesterday (and I still have my trinkets they are with me everyday) and I taped it up on my wall. Congrats on the wedding!! It has been a long time since we last talked I guess. I am sorry to hear about all the family health predicaments. I will keep them all in my thoughts and hope you have a lovely day no matter what.  I wish I could hug you through the screen you have been there for me so much I wish I could return the favor. &lt;3 you Nonnymouse..&amp; as always [High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for staying sober through it all
Thank you for sharing your honesty and that your sobriety is staying strong. I have no other suggestions than those given to me which is to trust God. I will place your family in my prayers and hope that you are able to continue to help others. This sounds like a real complicated time and I know that I would be traveling down the road to self pity but thank you for the strength you are showing. This post has helped me immensely with my own self pity! I will not drink with you today! Pleaee keep is posted!.
This may seem rough. But he is priority. You need to put yourself aside in the mean time. Your sobriety comes at a cost.. to what extent? Fun? A quick release? He's dealing with imminent death. Put all your efforts and love to him. But do take care of yourself as well. You'll be ok
From my heart to yours I send you love. Everything that you feel is exactly right. Everything you are experiencing is exactly right. You may not yet know just how strong you are how resilient; if you don't you will. You will get through this. We are here for you.    
Thank you for sharing.  I'm getting married in less than 3 weeks and I could not imagine having to handle all that you're going through.  I can't add anything except I sent a prayer your way and IWNDWYT.
Hi Mouse! Good to see you. Wow!Sounds like you have a lot on your plate right now. You will get through this though don't worry everything is going to be alright. I know it might not feel like it at this point but it really will be okay. -Hugs- 
