-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ehikr/what_would_have_happened_if_i_still_drank/

It's 4am here and I woke up because my stomach hurt started feeling a bit sorry for myself as my illness is long term and I'm going to be really struggling for money due to exhausting my sick pay a few weeks ago. I'm planning on asking my boss for a special extension but not holding out much hope...I realised that if I was still drinking I am 99.9% sure that at some point over the 12 weeks I've been housebound I almost certainly would have embarrassed myself deeply by sending what I would think were eloquent texts or emails to my boss about my situation likely to have included some threats about not being able to afford missing out on government benefits while still employed and receiving SSP generally being melodramatic and begging. I'd then wake up the next day and see these messages and be mortified but the damage would be done. I had no concept of socially acceptable hours so there's a good chance this would have been sent in the early hours of the morning...I then started thinking about how different the days would be. I'd always drink when I was home a typical sat and sun I would wake up and begin drinking. I imagined how my nurses would certainly see I was drunk when they visit and think how pathetic I am. My friends always visit in the evenings so they would be shocked at finding me drunk although I'd try to hide it...we all know how successful that is reality! I'm sure they would have received some rambling self pitying melodramatic messages too. ..I feel so relieved I don't need to worry about having sent stupid messages advertising my drunkenness. I don't need to worry about the huge amount of weight I would have gained from over 1k calories a day coupled with being immobile or accidentally killing myself by mixing alcohol with my powerful painkillers. I can answer the phone to my friends doctor nurses work all without worrying I'm slurring or being terrified someone is going to pop round and see me messed up. ..I'm going to remind myself of these things when I'm trying to convince myself just to have a few drinks to break the boredom - its so not worth it. I'm going to be grateful for all the gifts sobriety has given me. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Great realizations! Way to go. .IWNDWYT 
You're doing an amazing job. I'm very proud of you
  IWNDWYT 
We are waaaaaaay better off sober.  Very good job there friend.  IWNDWYT 
