-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ei7ur/just_a_broken_person_trying_to_fix_my_broken_parts/

I (21 M) slipped. I was almost at a month (again) and I slipped. I'm sorry everyone. ..I've been struggling with life problems like heartbreak bills the urge to drink and depressive thoughts daily and I was doing fine! But I failed. ..I had been hoping a certain person I had gotten close to would have reached out to me in this last month because she became the rock that I needed to get me through things. If I had the urge to drink I knew I could go to her for help. We had only know each other for a few weeks and I felt like I had known her for so much longer. But I drank (over a month ago) and texted her. She was upset with me and I lost her. She is dealing with her drinking problem to and I failed her. ..So I went back to having no one. And it's been so hard. Going through my days like it's a blur not truly living. Every night I get back from work I want to unwind with a cold  one  but it'd never be just one. So I never drank. ..But I was asked the other day what my future plans were for life. And I couldn't give them an answer. Because honestly I don't see myself having one. Kinda grim. But my self destructive tendencies tend to ruin what little good things I have in life. I hate myself for that. I have very little going for myself and rebuilding my life has been so hard. I don't have anyone close that I could reach out to for help so I'm all alone in this shit hole of a world. ..And because of those thoughts I drank. And drank and drank. Woke up the next morning hating and resenting myself so much more than I did before. ..And now as I'm typing this I feel like drinking so much more. But I don't think I will tonight. Will probably go to bed instead. ..I hope I can wake up tomorrow and not regret anything. I hope I have to ability to come back to here and be able to say I didn't drink. ..But if I don't. I'm afraid that it'll be away till I can come back. I'm just not strong enough. I don't deserve to be on here with all you strong willed people. ..Goodnight.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there bro. Look around for free counseling services through your city state employer etc. At least you'll have someone to talk to.
Good luck bud..See you tomorrow ..IWNDWYT 
You may be interested in googling Jerry Wise videos on YouTube the way you speak sound so much like the kind of advice he has to offer may be right up your alley.  The man is a counsellor and he has some great information for people struggling with this  broken' mindset.  I love them.  Wishing you my best from another person who is going it alone and finding happiness and confidence in sobriety.  Peace!  IWNDWYT 
