-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8emvy3/mentally_relapsing_at_work/

I'm only on day 2 but my Addict Brain is saying how great it would be to drink after work tonight since it's a rough week. ..What works for you in fighting with this voice??
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have an answer for you but just know that I'm in the same boat! Gahhhh. :(
I like the concept of  playing the tape forward ... it's helpful to ask myself what comes after that first drink. Will I have just one? Will I end up staying at the bar and drinking more than I intend to? Normally my mind goes to some of the more difficult nights that have happened as a result of my drinking which helps me avoid the first drink.
I think I try and tell myself that everything is harder when you're drinking like getting up getting to work being at work. So when I think a drink would help with a tough week I tell myself it would be a tougher week if I was drinking. Work would be just as stressful but if dealing with it on a hangover. 
I'm on day 2 again myself and all I can think of right now is that I never want to go through the withdrawals of day 1 again (and it's still pretty bad right now). If you have a drink tonight then tomorrow will be another day 1. I guess that's the "playing the tape forward" thing that very one else is talking about. Take care of yourself xx
It helps me immensely to have something planned that I wanted or in some cases needed to do after work...And during the day I consciously try to think about whatever it is I will be doing.  If it's something fun (cycling hiking going to the beach etc) I daydream about how great it will be.  If it's a chore (yard work home maintenance errand etc) I try to think about what I need to do and the best way to get it done.  ..I also have a daily after work 'healthy' habit of stopping at the store and getting my favorite sweets and fizzy drinks and if I'm a little hungry at that moment I will have some right then and save the rest for the evening when I usually watch some TV before bed...This process has created a new and healthier cycle... I'm now even more 'addicted' to working out than ever and I'm seeing gains all the time so I am even more motivated to keep it going and not fall back into my old unhealthy ways.
