-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8emw39/24_hours_and_extremely_worried/

It's been 24 hours since my last drink. Around a month ago I made it 14 days but then relapsed. I can't even describe how disappointed I am in myself because those first 5 days were the worst thing I've ever experienced in my life. Anyway I can't go back in time and I have no choice but to relive it once again. However comparing the first 24 hours this time with the last time my initial symptoms feel much worse. My whole body is shaking like crazy which I didn't experience any of last time. This makes me worried about the next 4 days in particular the next 2 days. Last time I had severe anxiety very high pulse high blood pressure along with insomnia and shortness of breath. Luckily no seizures hallucinations or DTs. Anyway I couldn't handle it so I went to the ER and described my symptoms without mentioning that they were withdrawal symptoms because I felt ashamed. Luckily I seemed to have gotten the right medication benzo + beta blockers so it all turned out fine. ..Now because of my schedule I won't be able to visit the doctor for around 36 more hours. That leaves me at potentially 60 hours without sleep and that's around 12 hours after my symptoms peaked last time...But I've decided to quit. I've only had this determination three times in the past year and I need to have it in order to stop. I don't know when I'll ever feel this determined again and if I keep drinking like I've done for another year or so I think there's a high chance that I'll end up with severe damages to my body...So...any advice to make this whole thing at least a little bit easier and safer? I've been drinking for around 2.5 years but it wasn't until around a year ago when I started drinking very large amounts.
----------immediate responses--------

To the doctor you go ASAP.
Nothing is going to make it easier besides meds from a doctor. Unless you have a pcp they will most likely tell you to go to the ER. ..I will spare you the story but take my word. Stop before you do damage to your body. I didn't now I'm fucked till i die 
As most people in here said please go get some medical help I saw your comment that you were and I would advise is so so much.  I self detoxed so many times over the years and it just gets way worse until I started having seizures and then realized I could not safely detox without medical help.  This stuff kills and it is worth missing something to get the help you need for i.t
The only thing that any one of us can do is to tell you to see a doctor. We have strict rule against seeking medical advice on this site because withdrawal can be dangerous even deadly and should be supervised by a doctor. We have removed your post and hope you'll seek medical support.
