-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eobxm/support_from_your_other_half/

Hi I'm new and only on day two but I'm still Uber proud! .Does anyone have any issues with less supportive partners? My wife is not an alcoholic but likes to drink but she is a social drinker. I can see when I discuss my need for living a sober life ( I can't drink in moderation) she is concerned how it will affect her joy of drinking. I'm struggling a bit with trying to persuade both myself AND her that you don't need to have a drink to relax/have fun/enjoy a holiday..Please don't get me wrong she a very kind person but it's like she doesn't want me to give up 100% but I can see no other way. .Thanks x
----------immediate responses--------

Yes! My spouse is kind as well but just doesn't get it at all. Maybe w time?
Getting anyone to change is they don't want to change is impossible. The only person I can change is myself. Unfortunately your wife appears to be choosing the drinking lifestyle over the relationship. I'm sorry to tell you this but...What very often happens when a couple who has a history of drinking together and one wants to cut down or stop the other may resist or resent this option. ..I had to get help from resources other than my partner. A therapist and AA gave me the support I needed. ..It is admittedly very difficult to stay sober when living with someone who likes to drink. I couldn't do it. 
Partners without drinking problems not understanding why we choose total abstinence is quite common I think as are partners who feel a bit threatened that they're going to be judged or fun times will change/cease.  Hurt feelings as a result of partners not understanding why sobriety milestones are a big deal is a thread theme I've seen come round a few times too...Are you asking your wife to change her drinking because you want to go sober?  My personal choice was not to ask that of my husband   I took the view that I was going to have to cope with most of the rest of the world still drinking so I might as well get used to it!..He'll maybe go through a couple of bottles of wine between Thursday\-Sunday; very rarely enough to be tipsy let alone inebriated.  Lots of honest communication has helped   he's been there for the whole rollercoaster and listens to how I feel when it's important to me but doesn't pretend to understand and I'm fine with that.  That's what I have my 110k SD buddies for!  As time has passed he can see how much happier I am now and the benefits that brings in our day to day life   I try to not be too evangelical about it apart from round here.  ..You *should* be uber proud on day 2   those first few days were the hardest for me!  Good luck working it out  :\)
I had to disconnect my decisions about drinking from my partner's. It really wasn't easy at first but it's become easier with time. He still drinks - a bottle of wine most nights. I don't envy him one bit - I like waking up early and with no hangover :-) I also have at least 3 times the energy he does as well as a brighter outlook on life. Focus on you and focus on the positives. Hang in there and I am out here not drinking with you today/tonight!
When I quit I asked my wife not to drink when it was just her and I at home alone. She still drinks with her girlfriendsand occasionally when someone is over.There was a couple of ripples in that when I first started but she " gets it " now.She kind of likes it now because she drinks less.( and doesn't have to deal with drunk me ) 
I don't see why she has to give up for you to stop?  Is this mandatory?  Lot's of people are sober and live and work around people drinking.  IWNDWYT
trying to persuade both myself AND her that you don't need to have a drink to relax/have fun/enjoy a holiday.  I'm sorry you are not getting more support at home.  If she doesn't "get it" maybe some Al-Anon resources would help her.  Smart Recovery has a workbook for family and friends of alcoholics and also meetings that are for spouse and family members only.  Good luck.
