-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eoxop/i_relapsed_on_thursday_today_is_my_first_sober/

I'm just terrified of having a heart attack and my diet isn't great to start with. Anyone with some words of encouragement or just to help me alleviate this fear?
----------immediate responses--------

Health is wealth
Sobriety is a good step towards treating our hearts better if we've been heavy drinkers. You're on a good course getting back on the wagon. Your heart thanks you...Once I got my feet planted in sobriety I found I was better able to start taking care of things like my diet my elevated cholesterol etc. I got my focus back on taking care of me instead of numbing me. I'm no longer afraid to show my face to my doctor too which is always a good place to start...You've got today to make all the choices you want for yourself. Today could be the day you start making new habits. I say go for it! Take today back for you.
Breathe. ..You're in the right place I'm glad you made it back...
Welcome home :)    .IWNDWYT. 
Today is day 1 for me after relapsing last night. My anxiety has been through the roof all day and I'm also afraid of having a heart attack. My Fitbit said my resting heart rate was over 100 most of the day. I'm not sure how bad that is. I know that the further away I get from this day the better I will feel..as long as I stay sober. IWNDWYT.
I drank Friday (04-20 the Irony) after going over 30 days and Anxiety is sky high and so is the fatigue. I look at it as a blessing in disguise because i know now beyond a shadow of a doubt drinking just isn't for me. I'm overweight and like others here worried about having a heart attack. So instead of going off the rails i just say one day at a time. I'll get my health back and so will you. Takes time and i know i'm not gonna be in shape overnight this will take time.
Ive been an alcoholic and gained about 100 lbs in the past 4 years and I have the same fears as you all. Today is day 2 for me. I have all these icky aches and pains and I've had the worst anxiety for the last two days well much longer than that but really bad since quitting. I'm hoping and praying that I haven't done as much damage as I probably deserve. God bless us all! IWNDWYT. 
Don't beat yourself up about it. I have had many resets. Just keep trying.
