-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eugd1/three_years_sober/

Today marks 3 years of sobriety for me at age 34! I turn 35 next month...That's 1096 days without a hangover. That's 1096 days of being present in life. That's 1096 days of living a life without poison in my body. ..During that time period I have one day at a time undergone an insanely wonderful transformation. I will not go through it all but I can tell you there are ZERO benefits to drinking. A highlight reel of my transformation includes nearly tripling my salary paying off all debt - including my house achieving PRs in races and at the gym on resistance exercises (I seem to get stronger and faster each year) fixing my smile with Invisalign (tough to commit to braces as a adult when you're drinking all the time!) and removing anything that does not add value to my life out of my life (including people and social media). ..Overall I feel fantastic! I WISH I WOULD HAVE MADE THIS DECISION SOONER!..I do not consider myself an alcoholic. Or a "former drinker". I am just someone who chooses not to drink. Every day. And it somehow added up to 3 years in a row. No magic formula. No magic classes. No magic pill. I just flipped a switch and decided the life I was living was not good. I did struggle at first - believe me the struggle is real - but instead of viewing alcohol as something I was giving up when I didn't have it 3 years ago I made the decision to view alcohol as something that was destroying my life when I did have it. The sickness the lies the resentment the shame the negligent decisions the unhealthy lifestyle the financial drain the contentment - I had to get away from it all. And alcohol was the medicine that kept me in my "oh God it's Monday thank God it's Friday" spell. ..No more. I defeated it. I WON! If I could run an experiment over these past 3 years with a sober me and a drunk me the sober me would be in a place significantly better than drunk me by a long shot. All I have to do is look to the 3 previous years to prove it. I can say with 100% certainty that I have no desire to ever drink alcohol ever again but I must only focus on the present moment for that is all I have. ..So I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you IWNDWYT 
My post on alcohol after 47 days sober if you're interested: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39h8yp/dear_alcohol/
Excited to see where I'm at in 2.5yrs which is something drunk me would NEEEVVVEEERRRR say..Congrats on livin your best life
Congratulations! I won't be drinking with you today!
I do not consider myself an alcoholic. Or a "former drinker". I am just someone who chooses not to drink. Every day...This mindset has helped me SO much...Congrats on 3 years! That is truly an accomplishment and something to be proud of. You're an inspiration!
Happy 3 Years! Thanks for the inspiration :).
Congratulations on your success! Thank you for the inspiration!
Congrats bro!!!
