-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ey895/its_hard_to_be_a_drunk/

I feel like it's harder to choose to drink for me now than to not and when I think back to when I was f$&amp;@!d up every day I can't believe I was able to do much at all. It's like walking with heavy weights on. In one perspective relapse is just remnants of an old belief that alcohol is somehow really enjoyable stabilizing helps w problems etc. I don't have those beliefs anymore. ..Once I drink I'm kinda like  oh yeah I remember this but something is just off  I never knew what it was like to be sober for any real length of time so I could never look back and say I like being sober better than this. Now I most definitely can and do! ..I've been able to stop when I started and have not drank any consecutive days in a row. I am aware this kinda sounds like my addiction talking but it's a far cry from where I was. I don't truly WANT to drink or be buzzed/drunk. I feel it was a habit that I indulged because I thought it made me feel better but now I know it never did and never does. I genuinely like myself others and life in general...sober. ..I didn't make 30 days sober as was my original intention but I also never thought I'd go this far and feel this amazing. I'm still working out drinking water and eating better. I'm still taking the best care of myself despite those three   slips . I believe it's possible that I can drink very occasionally but I do also believe it's possible that I could fall into a trap with it again so for now...I will not drink today. ..I'm learning new behaviors and beliefs. It's all been well intentioned and my life continues to blossom. I am focusing on that which feels good to me and drinking really doesn't feel better than being clear clean and healthy. To me that distinction is EVERYTHING. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well written. Sounds like you have a great plan. Just don't fall in the trap. 
It's great that you are present and paying attention to your habits.  IWNDWYT
Whether drinking heavily or trying to moderate the whole thing was so stressful. I feel so much more relaxed after deciding No that's it I don't drink AT ALL...I'm fortunate though; in my 112 days not drinking I've felt the physical urge to drink about 3 or 4 times always in a moment of stress and the feelings have past within minutes. It's also a bit strange noticing how normalised drinking is in the world after one has resolved that it has brought mainly negativity into your own life...But other than that I'm okay. Your post resonates with me. I'm feeling so much better. I don't want to drink. I don't feel I'm missing out. ..I keep checking in on here and keep my complacency in check.
