-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ez4d7/need_some_encouragement/

After years of drinking it got really bad. Buying a bottle of vodka every other day without a bit of a hangover.... I'm quite functional and am the best in my industry always winning awards being recognized amongst my peers. If they only knew my struggle. I thought I was ok... until I knew I had to turn this direction. I'm on day 3 after years of daily drinking. Please give me the motivation to keep this up  needing it today!!! The voice is quite loud telling me to drink.... and it's frustrating beyond measure. I know I have to stop!! Long day in the office- go to the gym. Anything but binge drinking every damn night. I'm ready I can keep going strong. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep coming back. Say a prayer don't drink and keep coming back. This is an awesome support group. .IWNDWYT 
Day 3 is the worst. You're going over the hump. You'll feel like a new person by day 7 or so. Hang in there. 
A better life is just waiting for you.  Get through it one day at a time and then the positive changes will come!
You can do this. You deserve much more than this. You think you are ahead of your game in your job ? Wait until you see your full potential you are going to kill it. No one can prevent you from being the best.
Trigger alert..I was an overachiever. Perfect attendance. Youngest director in a major aerospace company. Fast track. And about ready to shoot myself in the head because I couldn't stop drinking a liter of whiskey or fin  per day between 5pm and midnight. Every day. More on weekends. Only to make myself puke on Sunday night so I could get to work on Monday. Noone suspected I had a drinking problem. Just letting off steam. Tough day at the office. ..I checked myself into the psych hospital for depression because I realized I didn't want to die. And I kinda of followed this cute little girl into an AA meeting where I heard everyone there telling parts of my story. I didn't know if I was an alcoholic but I got a desire chip. ..By some alignment of the cosmos everything came together that night to start me on a path of sobriety. I haven't had a single drop of alcohol since. It took going to meetings and then eventually getting a sponsor and actually working the steps. ..AA saved my life. Today it is not the only recovery program. There are links to the major ones on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit. There are recovery programs because they work. ..You will find lots of support here. Asking for help is a big step. ..Good luck..IWNDWYT 
Thanks I needed to hear this! 
I so needed to hear this. Thanks for the support and I'm ready to stop with no turning back!! 
I sure hope so. It's been a rough couple of days. 
You will discover that your "functional" was like driving with the parking brake on or a flat tire - using a lot more gas making unnecessary noise and smoke and going much slower.....keep on - it gets a lot better.
