-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f0cuj/30_days_and_some_thoughts/

Yesterday I hit 30 days sober and it honestly kind of flew by. Its been at least 6 years since I have gone that long without a drop of alcohol. Over the past decade i struggled with the cycle of binging and moderating and eventually realized that I can not moderate. I've found that I have just as much fun going out with friends and staying sober. ..At first I was kind of embarrassed about my inability to moderate but I found my friends were very supportive when I came out and said I needed to step away from drinking for a while.  .Surprisingly I'm still charming social and hilarious when I am sober. ..Thank you all for being here and not drinking with me today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job!! it's my 4th day and IWNDWYT
I found that people are really not that bothered about others drinking habits as much as we think. Good job on 30 days. Will not be drinking with you today  
Right there with you. I'm at 24 days and I think it's the longest I've gone sober in almost a decade....To be honest I'm not planning on quitting forever. I guess I'm still holding on to belief I can moderate. All the times I tried to quit forever I ended up giving up after a few days. This time I just promised myself a month and it made it seem more manageable. When it's over in a week I will have to think long and hard about where I want to go from there....Anyhow I kinda hijacked your thread to ramble about my own stuff haha. Just nice to talk to strangers about this stuff because I don't really like telling people I know.
Awesome job on 30 days. It just keeps getting easier and better. 
Congrats!..IWNDWYT 
Thank you for posting this.
Excellent....I enjoy being the designated driver... and waking up the next day hydrated and fresh....and with a lot more money in my pocket than previous outings... its a win win...
30 days here too! Congrats! I'm an all or nothing drinker. I've been trying to quit since December. Been drunk 3 times since dec and each time I went on a drinking bender. No control. No moderation. It all starts with that first drink. Thank you for your story. Good to hear you've come to the realisation that you don't need alcohol to have a good time. 
I bet you are MORE charming social hilarious sober.  Go You!  Thanks for sharing the good news.  I agree time is going fast.  IWNdWYT
