-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f27vi/my_first_post/

Quick story similar to many of yours. I have been binge drinking since I was 22 years old. 11 years now. Longest stretch of sobriety was 2 and a half years. My most recent relapse only lasted a month give or take (thank god). Ive decided to try something new seeing a counseler who specializes in emergency responders with PTSD and addiction. She said that she suspects I also have social anxiety and that I am genetically dispositioned to become dependent on alcohol due to family history. I have a good life job home children and fiance'. This is my vow to never touch booze again. Not a drop. She wants me to become active in this group as part of my recovery plan because I mentioned how incredibly much all of your posts have helped me with my sober times in the past. So thank you and hopefully once Im healthier I can repay the favor. 3 days in right now and feeling incredibly hopeful. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm happy to see your first post and *even happier* to hear your recovery plan! Fantastic job on seeking medical attention!..Please keep posting we'd love to hear how you're progressing :).
Welcome aboard we're glad to have you!..I'm a socially-anxious 'winner of the genetic lottery' too in that department and this place has helped me enormously... ..Hope you'll find the same!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats! I'm glad you're here! This is a great place to be if you want to stop drinking and it is very helpful. I just hit a week and there's no way I would have been able to do it if I wasn't here. If you ever have a craving just come here and post about it or read through some other stories. They will give you strength and a sense of community. You will find that you are not so different than the other people here and you may find some very supportive friends. ..Did you get a badge yet? The badge is the best invention since homo erectus discovered fire. It is a great tool and it helps you remember how far you've come. ..Congrats again on your great choice. You can do it! I will not drink with you today!
Haha! That made me giggle re the homus erectus comment  
Wellcome glad that you are here!
Same age and history of drinking here.  We can do this!  Congrats on taking a new approach- sounds like a great plan.
Congrats on 3 days.  Sounds like you are ready to roll and have assembled a good toolkit to help along the way.  IWNDWYT.  I hope you post and keep us in the loop.
