-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f2hkj/day_1_again/

One time I saw some day oners in an AA meeting and the applause they got was deafening. At the time it surprised me. My drinking days were debaucherous and lead to bad bad times that made me realise I needed to stop but once I made the decision to stop it was easy. Then I just rolled with the momentum of feeling better and better. I eventually went to AA a few times after about 4 months of not drinking. I relapsed after a year and a half because I decided I'd gotten my life together enough that I could handle minimal drinking. What do you know after about 2 weeks of drinking I'd fallen in love with an alcoholic and my life has generally unravelled since then. I'm doing "fine" other than feeling like a POS and feeling like I'm continually under performing and waiting for the "right day".  ..While relapsing the thought of that support kept ringing through my head. Like it was another high I wanted to walk into the AA group on day 1 and get my pat on the back. Now I'm living somewhere far far away from any AA meetings and I only have myself to depend on.  ..I've been drinking pretty much every day since I relapsed which is almost a year yay. I drank a bottle of wine last night while watching friends on Netflix. Now I have deadlines and my fuzzy ass head can't make head nor tails of it. ..It's harder to quit this time. My sneaky addict brain has learned new tricks as it realises I could actually stop feeding it. I feel like even though my drinking is less than before I'm MORE addicted to it or maybe just more aware of how addicted I am. Because it was so "easy" to quit last time I convinced myself I couldn't be an alcoholic. WHAT DO I DO HOW DO I MAKE THIS STICK. I have no physical human contact support here. ..But I miss sober me. I feel like I've just been in hiding from myself for about a year. I'm sad. I'm stressed. Hurting. 
----------immediate responses--------

You have the power of internet I see!  There are online meetings google it I don't have specifics but there are others on here doing that.  I wish you all my best it doesn't matter if we're on a mountaintop or in the Center of a city we can do this!  And we're always open too here.  There's a chat here that you can log into any time of day.  I will not drink with you today new friend.  Glad to hear you're getting back on track!  
&gt; *I decided I'd gotten my life together enough that I could handle minimal drinking.*..Alcohol is a sneaky bastiche tells you lies even when you're not drinking it.  .Some folks -- most of us here I dare say -- we can't go back to "normal" drinking. Our "stop drinking switch" won't ever get repaired no matter how long we don't drink...&gt; *I have no physical human contact support here.*..What can you do to change that?
I put recovery first. No exceptions. ..I don't pick up the first drink under *any* circumstances. ..It's that simple and that hard. 
Welcome - posting here is a good start and every day someone is sober is something to cheer about. Like you I live too far away from a physical AA meeting to get to one so I have relied on this community. Getting a badge was a good move as watching that day number go up is really encouraging - and milestones are something that gets celebrated be it three days 30 days four months a year or a decade or more - if a milestone is meaningful it's worth celebrating...The Daily check-in is something that really really made a difference for me. Just putting that commitment down in words - I will not drink - and feeling a desire to be accountable to sticking to that pledge has helped me silence the Lizard brain so many times...During really tough times just posting and getting support from beautiful strangers from many parts of the world is something that is amazingly powerful. There's also good humour fellowship and understanding. ..I probably sound like I'm about to offer you the free set of steak knives to go with right? lol. But I came here having failed to moderate or stop despite my best intentions after a three year-long very heavy drinking binge. Three. Damn. Years. and multiple horrible episodes of uncontrolled drinking bouts before that. And being here applying the tools I have learned from others here doing some good reading like The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober and the AA Daily Meditations book among others has seen me not touch a drop of alcohol for 113 days now - the longest stretch for some years - and it is becoming normal for me now. I hope you can find the way that works for you - and you get that sober self you are missing back. 
Smart Recovery has online meetings where you can talk and listen with others in recovery.  You can do this.  You did it before.  How to make it stick and keep it simple is this: IWNDWYT.  That's it.  :)
I recently truly understood that it will never be the right day and I will never be ready. I have to do it while I'm not ready.
