-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f5bq2/does_anyone_else_every_feel_like_they_didnt_do/

My substance abuse/sobriety story is pretty tame. I've quit pretty young mid twenties and things never got really bad. I have a litany of embarrassing and shameful anecdotes times I was a belligerent and angry drunk times I acted self-destructively times I vomited all over myself in public etc. I almost destroyed a relationship but quit drinking to prevent that from happening...All of this I concluded obviously was enough to warrant quitting. But occasionally   and I KNOW this is crazy   I read or see something that makes something in my brain go "Oh hm I never got THAT bad...did I really need to quit?" or even "Did I quit too soon?"..It could be a range of things   from waking up in the street somewhere (never happened purely by luck) to trying heroin. The logical part of my brain   the part of my brain that willed me to quit   knows this is insane. If anything I'm immensely fortunate to have quit when I did and with relatively little damage to tend to in the aftermath. ..The only reason I can think of is that I'm always looking for excuses to start drinking again and this line of thinking gives air and sunlight to excuses. When I was struggling to quit for months I told myself excuses all the time about why I was fine   I never drank in the mornings I wasn't physically addicted I could occasionally have a reasonable number of drinks. I never had a "rock bottom." I finally realized I didn't need one. It was negatively impacting my life and that was enough of a reason to get sober. I know this. And yet.....I know I can't be the only one who occasionally falls prey to this line of thinking. I'm self-aware enough to recognize it for what it is but sometimes it baffles me. Why would I blatantly use self-destruction as an excuse to drink? Why would I crave that? 
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol cuts a deep groove in the brain even before it drags us into the pit or over a barbed wire fence. When the needle hits the groove which it does from time to time we hear that old song. It goes "Sing it again."
[removed]
I guess only you can answer that question since I've been here I haven seen any posts from people saying moderation was working for them but maybe they exist.  I wish you luck and wisdom with your decision. 
Whatever the personality archetype one wants to call it it controls my addictive behavior. This part of me will go to great lengths to try and convince me to come back...It is a part of me like it or not but when I actively confront and engage this aspect of who I am I am more capable of arresting it's drive over my actions.
This made me laugh a little (I hope that's OK) because I definitely recognise this thought process! And used it to justify continuing drinking   Like- I've never drunkenly climbed into a tiger's cage or got a tattoo of the queen's face on my arse when I was wasted or even had blackout sex with a stranger in a public park - so clearly I wasn't having enough drunk fun yet to need to quit... So strange to fantasise about an even bigger self-destruct button than the one you're already pushing. But hey here we are. Iwndwyt. 
Yep.  Called bottom envy
My bottoms did not involve arrests or dui's. .Promiscuity and depression yes. And it was mostly internalized. .I know I don't need to keep trying to know eventually I will end up dead or in jail. .For now I know what the prison of the mind felt like and that was enough for me.
I have similar thoughts - but I think it's my crazy addled concept that somehow things not being even worse than they were is proof that I had found my rock bottom and it wasn't really that bad so even if I end up there again meh it will just be that same familiar rock bottom and what's so scary about that? ..The fact is the part of my brain telling me it wasn't so scary is a fucking idiot. It WAS fucking scary and I did so many dumb things and I reckon my guardian angel probably has fricken PTSD from keeping my silly self from doing greater damage to myself and my life [and by extension Kiddo's life] than I did...I probably need to reframe the picture of my drinking habit as like a slo-mo head-on collision with a great big truck. The fact I survived it once is an act of Grace. To actually willingly knowingly hop behind the wheel and drive on the wrong side of the road towards another truck - that would be the act of a genuinely stupid person. Do I want to be a stupid person *intentionally*? no. I do not. .
