-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f6k5l/one_week_down/

Thankfully it's not down the drain. I want to thank all of you for inspiring me this past week to be the best that I can be and achieving this goal. A week might not seem like a long time to others but to people like us it is HUGE. ..Some thoughts about this week if you care to read more: ..Until today cravings weren't that bad. Whenever I had an urge to drink I simply opened up the sub and commented on other people's posts and the craving went away after a short while. I've found that SD is a great tool to stave off drinking and is way more effective than I could have dreamed. ..I say  until today  because I almost relapsed today. It's one of my days off and I usually start those with a pint of Fireball with another after lunch. I didn't have a physical urge but a mental one: I knew that I was a week in and two thoughts went through my head. The first was that I wanted to CELEBRATE. Of course I used to have a favorite way to do that but those days are behind me. The second was that maybe if I could last a week then I'm not an alcoholic. That a week under my belt meant that I could moderate and Thoughts Of Taking a Sip (which I now call ThOTS) bombarded me. I struggled because I didn't know what to do. ..So I went for a walk. A long walk. And I did some thinking. I saw a cardinal fly over my head. I watched a squirrel dig up an acorn. Spring is here. I ended up walking over 24000 steps (about 12 miles). I went to the gym for the steam room and sweated away my cravings. The walk to the gym is one that I have done many times before but I usually only make it halfway. That's where the liquor store is. I said  Begone ThOTS  and passed by. Didn't even look...I am still nurturing my badge. His name is Craig and although he is only 7 days old he is wise beyond his years. I will keep taking care of him until the day I die. ..Thanks again for all of your support. I love to see  the frequent posters here every day. I've had some good conversations and got some good advice. It gives me a sense of community that I haven't found anywhere else. I will keep coming back every day and I hope you all do too!..I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Happy one week to you and Craig! Nice work on the ThOTS too. Each victory adds up. :\)..IWNDWYT
Woohoo!..Congrats on your 1-week milestone Top10!..I also found that sometimes around those milestones (1 week 1 month etc) the *Booze Goblin* would pop up and suggest a celebratory drink... gotta be on your guard and not listen to his bullshit.....Keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thanks! Craig says hi! IWNDWYT
I think you are the first guy that named his badge.  How sweet.  You take care of Craig and he'll take care of you.  IWnDWYT
Congrats! I love this post and love your sense of humor. WHY do they put booze stores halfway to the gym?? I have the same situation here in my town. And usually there's a friend hanging out at the shop beckoning me (Satan...is that you???) and I have to like start running away from them while waving so I don't get sucked in and don't make them feel bad...Naming your badge is GENIUS. I don't really believe in Satan btw. I love squirrels and walking. The end. IWNDWYT ;)
