-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f89b4/some_days_its_all_over_the_place/

Today i feel like alcohol is everywhere in my face. In work conversations on social media on tv. My good friend just came off a no alcohol cleanse and broke her cleanse with a tall beer with a tall beer which she proudly displayed on insta. Noooo knock against her she is awesome and i love her but i did look at it different and with slight longing. ..Sitting in the traffic on the way to go pick up my son the thoughts came. Well if she's ok so are you. Or are you so damaged you can't enjoy a beer. Fuck that. Nobody has to be damaged or better than anyone else for me to tell that stupid voice it is no longer welcome in my life. I guess i just realized I'm not quite out of the woods. I don't wanna relapse and if ever that happens I'll deal with it then. I wanna never drink ever again forever and i get why it's more about one day at a time because thinking of it in those terms is overwhelming. Too much pressure. Glad tomorrow is Friday. When i joined SD i was super behind in my work because of all my hangover days and I'm finally doing a lot better in that regard so tomorrow I'm taking time for me. Anyway i hope everyone out there has been having a good week. IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm over a thousand days in and I still miss beer. I loved beer. And whiskey. But that's why I'm posting here. ..I am an alcoholic. What that means is that i can't in any healthy way enjoy alcohol. But that's okay. I don't *need* to. Because not drinking literally gave me a life. Starting a life was hidered by being drunk or the pursuit of it. ..My point is despite how good a beer looks remember everything you gain from not drinking. It's worth not having that beer. 
Love your post. Alcohol is everywhere and I often have similar thoughts.  Then I just play it forward to all the craziness that comes with alcohol for me. That snaps me right out of it. Glad to hear that you are taking a day for you too. That always helps me. Have a great and sober weekend. .IWNDWYT.
Hang in there kiddo. ..It gets easier. I promise. ..IWNDWYT 
When you start seeing alcohol culture through a different lens I think it becomes less the feeling of missing out and more of a serious question  wth is wrong with our society that drunk mommy wine glasses are  considered funny?    But yeah... a beer does still sound tasty sometimes :/ 
Here's what I do about that voice:..I realized that I have romanticized notions of what drinking is like.  In my head drinking is this magical experience.  In reality here is what it is like: I am tense and rush to get to the first drink I chug beer quickly I feel down and tired for an hour or so I pass out I wake up at 2am to pain and shame scared to face the day.  The reality doesn't match the idealized image in my head.  I have worked hard to change that.  Every time the voice in my head says drinking will be fun I say  it's not as good as I think it is.   Then I run down the above scenario.  I have done this enough times to start to develop negative associations with drinking.  This makes the cravings less...Best wishes to you!
