-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f8xft/i_dont_know_what_to_title_this/

HI. BEAR WITH ME. I'm new... I don't think technically I qualify as *'an alcoholic'*...but I think it might be becoming a problem for me? My partner is concerned about how much I drink (especially alone...) and my most risky and stupidly dangerous self-harm has been while drunk (I have struggled with self-harm for years it's been much more prevalent in my life than drinking). I have gone months without self harming before....but leaned heavily on drinking. Alcohol has become much more of a friend to me since I decided to try to tackle my self harm. The problem is that I'm pretty scared that if I try to cut out drinking I'll lean more heavily on self harm just like it happened the other way around. ..IDEALLY I would cut out both but quitting my only two 'things' at once? WOW. The idea of both not cutting for the rest of eternity and also not drinking for the rest of eternity completely terrifies me and some days when I think about that...I fucking PANIC...I am not drinking tonight. I don't know what this post is for. I guess just...how do you replace a COPING MECHANISM??? What about when the thought of not drinking stresses me out so much that THAT makes me want to drink?? Posting here is stressful and that worries me because not drinking should be easy because its not like an issue for me? Or is it???? I think I'm just processing this...My current idea is to try cutting out drinking for a solid month like REALLY committing to it until June and then I can re-evaluate so I don't have the 'forever' scaring the shit out of me? I keep flip flopping back and forth between "i dont have a problem so its fine if i drink sometimes im just being dramatic" to "im scaring the shit out of myself and I'm losing control I NEED TO STOP". At the very least I have unsubscribed to alcohol-related subreddits..
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you get some good people in your life that can start pointing you toward healthy behaviors.  I have found lots of good people in AA.  Honestly I don't even know anyone who drinks like i use to I got friends that are casual drinkers but they never had a problem with alcohol the way i did.  I think the term for alcoholics in your case is dual diagnosis.  I am only saying those words incase you want to google search it and see if you can get better understanding about your circumstance.  I think a lot of us alcoholics if we are honest with ourselves started using to much alcohol because we where self medicating.  I guess even myself so much easier to get black out drunk and have all my problems go away for the night but then of course I wake up one day and all my problems are 10 times worse and i probably created new ones completely dehydrated and wishing i didn't go down that same old scenario again.
Welcome. I think the idea of quitting for a month is a good one. Small goals help. Even thinking about a month is too difficult for many. I struggled with that. The old cliche  one day at a time  has been very helpful for me since I quit. 
Welcome. I think a therapist is best suited for your issues but I will touch on what worked for me. AA saved my ass. Despite the name you don't need to be an alcoholic. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking for 24 hours. A lot like some of us do here when we sign up at the daily checkin. ..Only the first step of the 12 steps speaks to alcohol. The rest are about dealing with our thoughts and actions past present and future. ..There are young people's meetings and women's meetings for AA. Noone will make you sign anything convert you or even make you talk. You may find one or more people with simiyissues to yours and then you can start building a support system. ..I hope you consider speaking with a therapist or a doctor. Even though AA saved my life I still needed some antidepressants here and there when I had clinical depression. ..Good luck kiddo. If you look at the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit you can find the links to AA and other recovery programs. 
Don't worry about whether you are "technically" an alcoholic. The word "alcoholic" is an ill defined term with a lot of stigmas and shame attached to it. It's only real use is to make the "alcoholic" hate themselves and give the "non-alcoholics" a false sense of superiority. No one wants to believe that they have a problem with alcohol because it makes them feel better about drinking poison. Everyone wants to believe that they can control alcohol and that it's just those filthy "alcoholics" who have a problem. The truth is that whenever a person drinks alcohol they are being controlled by it and that every person who drinks is on a slippery slope. Some descend faster than others and others descend slowly enough that they die before they reach the bottom. But everyone who drinks is on the way down. People eventually become addicted to it. That's why it's an addictive substance. ..I think the fact that you have a desire to stop and that part of you thinks it's a problem is reason enough to stop drinking at least temporarily. Just work on it day by day. Go to a therapist to help you out with this and your self harm and to create an action plan. I also recommend the book "This Naked Mind."
I haven't replaced my shitty coping mechanisms. They're still hanging out waiting for their turn to relieve my insecurities and pain. I'm practicing with other ways to cope now. Exercising new skills. Feeding a more useful beast. Learning to like failure. I don't always like how I am but I'm starting to love myself anyway. These feelings came from learning to lean on other trustworthy humans whatever their capacity. Good luck out there.
