-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8faz5s/9_months_today/

I can't even believe it has been this long. Everything is different yet somehow the same. This is the best I have ever felt mentally emotionally physically and spiritually. I still have a long road to go but I've loved the journey so far. Not every day is perfect not every feeling I have is pleasant and a lot of situations in my life during this time haven't worked out the way I wanted them to. ..But that's all okay. So long as there is breath in my body I will continue to fight. I accept that life is hard. I accept that there will always be struggle and disappointment. As I approach the one year mark I strive to face each day with joy and gratitude. I strive to have compassion for all living creatures. I strive to both think and act with kindness. No judgements. Positive speech...I've gotten really good at telling my brain to shut up...So today I will absolutely positively 100% not drink with you. Join me? ..Though there might be a large piece of cake in my future.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and im right here with you..'
I will most definitely join you. Only a month in and I can feel a shift in my physical and well being...Best decision i have made so far 
Congrats on 9 months Autumn!..Enjoy your big slab of cake I reckon you've earned it.....Keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[Atta girl Autumn!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT94urc-MVw)..So proud of you my dear &lt;3.
Way to go!! Congratulations! I will not drink with you today.
Love your beautiful post!  Big Congratulations.on your 9 months of sobtiety     .IWNDWYT.
So awesome!
there will always be struggle and disappointment for sure more than anything in life. 
Congratulations on 9 months of Freedom!!!     
Nine months is awesome autumn..Really like your view on things have all the cake you want ;)..hi5 Soda..
Fuck yes!
What she said!!! I could not have said this better! Thank you!
Congratulations. What a beautiful post. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and goals and strategies. ..I will join you today in not drinking!! 
Way to go! Awesome post!..I absolutely \- WNDWYT  
congrats on 9 months. i'm in for not drinking today.
Wonderful! Keep it up!
I'm eating cake to celebrate your 9 months now. :)
