-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fduo8/eat_the_elephant_one_week_down/

Was just listening to the new song "Eat the Elephant" by A Perfect Circle and was struck by how the lyrics literally seemed to be written about the struggle we all face especially in the beginning of the journey....this being Day 7 for me they were especially profound.  When do you confront the "Elephant in the Room" \(alcohol\)....and how do you go about eating an elephant?  Answer: One bite at a time..... It doesn't matter where you start you just have to jump in and begin..."Looming omnipresent..This task ahead..This task at hand..Ominous and daunting..Crippling undertaking I'm frozen..Where to begin eludes me..Without you to remind me..Just take the step..Just take the swing..Just take the bite..Just go all in..Where to begin eludes me..Rooting ever deeper..This massive endeavor..Ominous and daunting..Crippling undertaking..Just take the step..Just take the swing..Just take the bite..Just go all in..Take the step..Take the swing..Take the bite..Just take the bite..Take the step..Take the swing..Take the bite..Just go all in..Where to begin eludes me..Without you to remind me..JUST BEGIN!!!"
----------immediate responses--------

Wow- you're right! Those lyrics really do speak to our struggles! Btw- I'm a huge Tool fan!  
Dude I started listening to the new album today and I love  it! I'm surprised a bit at the middling reviews because I was hooked from the first song I listened to (a live performance of So Long and Thanks For All the Fish on Jimmy Kimmel Live) and music so rarely grabs me like that these days. .Apparently James Iha was not present on the album? Which surprised me because I SWEAR you can hear his writing style come through with the layering and ethereal melodies instrumentally. Maybe he was present during the writing process?
Sometimes in sobriety circles you see people say  How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time!  Given those lyrics I'll betcha it's connected! 
