-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8feh90/just_an_introduction/

Um hey there! I am not sure how these sorts of posts are received so I apologize if this isn't a common thing. I just wanted to introduce myself? I've lurked this sub for a bit off and on and somehow earlier this week I sat down and read many of the posts and felt a stronger questioning than I've ever had about whether or not I should stop drinking completely. First I guess I should back up a bit.....I'm a 35 year old male. Married successful IT career. By all accounts pretty much what a lot of folks would consider "successful". I started drinking in 2005 or so when I met my wife. We were both young and partying with friends was just something we did on the weekends a completely normal thing to me. I kept up that pattern for many years never really drinking during the week and never really being concerned about my alcohol use. I got a new \(better\) job in 2011 and at some point around that time I began developing an appreciation for bourbon where as previously I would only drink beer...We moved in 2014 to be closer to my job \(I was commuting 100 miles a day\) and began hanging out more with friends who also drank another married couple we had been friends with for a while. Again casual drinking having friends over making food etc. I think this was the beginning of what I would call my problem with alcohol abuse. I'm not sure how it spiraled to the point that I'm at now I think it was just a gradual decline because of my constant surrounding myself with alcohol and functions where alcohol was seemingly the star of the show. In retrospect I think maybe only I was making alcohol the star...I would say within the past year or so I've really began to actually examine my alcohol use. More so after my dad died last year. He was a lifelong alcoholic and died alone on his couch from liver failure. His father was also an alcoholic. My brother and I both struggle with alcohol use and have discussed it extensively...My go to these days is straight liquor. When I drink I don't get blackout drunk I don't say mean things I don't get violent. I've never had a DUI. I won't drink until it's gone either but I also absolutely cannot just have one drink. When I start drinking for the day I won't stop until I go to bed...I've just gotten good at pacing myself. Hangovers cause me to be late to work on average once a week and I've called off work a few times in the past year from being hungover. My wife drinks occasionally but I have no problem drinking alone and do it almost every Sunday. I feel ashamed sometimes and will sneak drinks from the bottle in the kitchen that way she won't see me...I've tried to moderate my use. I first tried not drinking during the week. That works well enough when I workout as I don't want to ruin that but life interrupts workouts and if I don't get to I'm more likely to drink. However I also have the problem where if I drink consecutive days it's so easy for me to just keep drinking. When the weekend comes around and I drink I always fall back into the habit before I know it 5 days have past and I've drank every day. Then it's harder to stop again. I've also gone 1\-3 weeks without drinking a few times pretty easily but I ultimately fall back to old habits. My brain tricks me into drinking so easily. Even when I tell myself I won't drink and have no intention to do so the most random thought or trigger will sometimes bring me to my knees to where I don't even question it and decide to drink. My mind is always looking for an excuse or a reason to have a drink...I know at this point that I am just incapable of regulating my drinking. Even as I type that part of my brain is screaming "yes you can!". I don't want to stop drinking but I think I do? I feel like I need to but even telling myself that terrifies me.  My social life has revolved around alcohol for 14 years. I can't even fathom telling myself I'm going to quit forever. What does it look like to not drink on the weekend? At shows? At bars? At restaurants? At parties? It feels like I will have to learn to walk again and that feels so goddamn overwhelming. I feel like I will have to reinvent myself and change the person I've been for so many years...However I'm tired of alcohol screwing up my diet and weight loss. I'm tired of the shame and self loathing that comes whenever I'm hungover. I'm tired of the regret I feel when I've drank after telling myself I wouldn't. I'm tired of feeling shitty at work when I'm hungover. I'm tired of alcohol affecting my workouts or causing me to not workout at all. I'm tired of hangovers in general as they last so much longer now...I want to cut back but that doesn't seem realistic to me no matter how many times I try to convince myself otherwise. I'm so scared to tell myself that I quit because that feels so final. It feels like that's cutting out someone who's been in my life for years. Maybe I'm just scared of failure. Maybe I'm scared of being a social bore. Maybe I'm scared of the change or maybe it's just everything. I can't imagine a life without alcohol but I also increasingly can't imagine a life where I continue down this same road and just expect everything to be okay...I think I've come to the unavoidable conclusion that I am an alcoholic...Thanks for reading if you did. I'm hopeful to keep posting here and become a part of the community. I can't say with certainty that I won't drink anymore it still feels like I have yet to make the decision to stop entirely but I won't drink today.....Any comments suggestions or anything will be much appreciated. I just wanted to say hello.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome :) I read through your story and I could relate to a lot of what you said: drinking more frequently as you've got older ringing in sick or not going to work at all sneaking drinks not being able to just have one drink...I had all of those and other things and I still kidded myself for a long time that I didn't have a problem.  Perhaps reading more here and posting/commenting will help you make a decision :) ..I will say that I was like you and worried I'd be boring and a different person when I stopped drinking. And at first socialising was terrifying without drinking. But I'm actually a more interesting person sober I'm funnier more willing to engage with new things and people and I've got more things to say. ..If you make the decision to stop take it one day at a time. Don't obsess about never having a drink with your meal again or sitting with a beer in the sunshine only think about today/this hour/minute. And in time the urge to drink will get less and less I can promise you that. I never thought I'd get this far but here I am :)..Hope that helps a little bit and I hope to see you around more as well. This sub has been a constant source of support and camaraderie when things are tough 
Hello and welcome! Just start with one day at a time. Come up with a plan for today so you don't drink. Try to avoid any triggers or just do something different! You don't have to commit to anything long term. I started after a horrible Easter weekend where I drank too much and I felt terrible going into work the next week. The first week was rough for me and I was on here a lot everyday just to get through it. I'm getting to a point where I can see this as a long term thing for me. I love working out and I'm now seeing how much I was limiting myself with all of my drinking! I'm 40 married kids have a good job and travel for work too. Cutting out the alcohol makes everything so much easier to deal with. Life is not perfect but I have so much more time now! I used to think I was SO busy but I'm really not. Keep us updated on your journey! Getting a badge has also motivated me. I like seeing the numbers add up and it's fun to  meet  people here that are close to where you are. I will not drink with you today. I hope you have a great weekend! 
Welcome aboard!..A lot of your story has a very familiar ring to it you're not alone in what you are experiencing.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Addictive potential can definitely run in families and alcohol is an addictive substance at the end of the day... It might not start out as a problem but drink enough of it for long enough and it pretty much ends up in the same place... ..I drank for about 15 years too which I've read is about the average duration of an alcohol addiction before the alarm bells start ringing... you're bang on schedule! Things only tend to get worse if you don't do something about it.....Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing!..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt; 
Hey 128 welcome to the fam ;)...Perhaps you'll find [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xckfo/how_did_you_get_through_the_first_few_days/) helpful...Here at SD we appreciate *one day at a time*. Don't think about "forever". In fact why not try a 30 day challenge?
Hi. Your story resonates with me--I tried to moderate and outright quit many times over the last couple of decades (I'm 5 yrs older than you) and I found that I just couldn't stop--because I didn't want to and I didn't want to because I couldn't face what I thought would be a life of deprivation. What changed for me this time? I realized that I didn't want to drink anymore and that rather than Depriving myself I was Liberating myself from allowing ethanol to control my life and how I felt about myself. I'm 12 days in and I don't miss it AT ALL. I've been out with drinking friends since I stopped--expected to have some lurking wave of crave come crashing over me but it didn't happen. Rather I was so glad that I wouldn't have to worry about saying something stupid drinking extra calories leaving me car to pick up the next morning feeling bloated and fat etc that I actually had a better time not drinking. Surprising but true. Anyway I don't know if this is helpful (hope it is) but in any event I wish you all the best on your journey. IWNDWYT..-J
Congrats on having the courage to introduce yourself and to put your thoughts on paper which (gulp) somehow makes them more real. That's a really hard step to take admitting it anywhere. Actually the hardest for me...I don't have a lot of time under my belt but I can tell you I have been so goddamn scared of who I am without the booze and what my life will look like.  And so far for me the only way through the other side of that fear is just to go through it as sucky and awful and uncomfortable as it is.  ..My experience has been once I get through a first - first weekend first time flying first time out with friends - it's not scary the next time because I already went through it and the fear of the unknown was much worse than any reality...My mantra is to just allow myself to feel discomfort. And be uncomfortable without numbing my brain to push away the discomfort until tomorrow (when the booze wears off). Life is uncomfortable and will continue to be until I come up with a better way of dealing with my shit. And taking away the booze forces you to see that...I think you are already on the path to becoming who you want since the veil has been lifted and you can see what drinking is doing to your life. ..All you have to do to get started is not drink just today. And then tomorrow you don't drink tomorrow. That's what is helping me.  And reading a ton of sober literature! ..I will not drink with you today and good luck friend we are glad you are here.
Your story sounds a lot like mine. 35 here too. Welcome!
