-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fha05/little_bit_of_a_whiney_selfish_rant/

Ok so I'm 5 days in on a Friday which I would usually be drunk af right now been that way for 27 years. Been married for 20 years and my wife has made comments a few times recently wanting to know why i was drinking so much thru the week. I do not believe she knew the extent of how much i was drinking as i THINK i hide it well. My only tell tell is my speech gets slower and more methodical. Anyways she doesn't know i have decided to quit drinking and i didn't really expect her to ask about it during the week but she came home tonight and just went to bed at 10. Its freaking Friday night and I'm struggling and she didn't question the fact that I am stone sober with no drink in my hand. Feeling a bit unnoticed I guess. Not expecting any sympathy just wanted to rant. Anyways I made it to 10:20 so I am completely passed the time to start drinking so at least I made it one more night. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not selfish! But you feel like you were good at hiding it and it seems as though you haven't told her what your going through. How would she know that she should be supportive? She only has a fragment of the story....
It's just part of the process. I went years hoping no one would notice my alcoholism and when I got sober I DESIRED to be noticed. So yeah I hid and lied and hid when drinking and angry if noticed then was angry when loved ones didn't acknowledge when not drinking. ..Early on is a wild ride for many of us. It's important to remember that we are dealing with chemical imbalances taking place which can cloud our thoughts and dealing with the "now what do I do" thoughts that are natural...IWNDWYT! It gets better. 
That's tough our SO's reactions won't always be what we need them to be. My husband asked if I'd ever be able to drink sit down and have a glass of wine together. Sheesh. We're all working  through this and need to give each other room to process. Hopefully she notices soon and gives you the kudos you deserve. In the meantime  KUDOS!
Another possibility here is that your drinking is something she is more worried about that she has let on.  It can be a scary subject and something family members struggle with.  By not talking about it it's easier to pretend it isn't real. ..Have you tended to act defensive or aggressive in the past when she has mentioned it?  That too would make it a subject difficult to broach with you. ..FWIW my experience was the same as yours.  Turns out I was good at hiding and she had no idea that I had started to struggle.  ..By the way well done!!  It gets way easier I assure you. 
This could also very well be the case. She has questioned how much I had to drink a few times and questioned if I had been drinking ml or than beer in which I lied and said I only had beer and that it maybe effected me different that evening because I was so exhausted from the day (what a shitty response). So many variables all I know is I'm done done with the exhausting effort of cheating on my wife with alcohol. Onto day 6 today. Thank you
Maybe since you are not really openly discussing the subject she doesn't want to bring it up and risk derailing you.   Just a guess.  When I stopped it was very important for me to be verbal in order to hold myself accountable. When my husband tries to stop drinking vocalizing the subject has the opposite effect on him so I always wait for him to bring it up before commenting on his successes. .Good job on your week!! 
