-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fj007/sobriety_emergency_help_a_sister_out/

sorry in advance for the unformatted rabmbling m on mobile!.Things have been very rough for me. On a whim (sorta) I moved to las palmas de gran canaria which is where my aunt lives. ..I've been here exactly a week living in an airbnb while the room I was supposed to be renting has water damage fixed. I can't work because I can't unpack the computer yet. ..I have a great need for privacy so this tenporarily rented place with paper thin walls feels unsafe to me... On a whim I joined a cannabis social club (legislative loophole in the canaries allows the sale of weed as part of clubs) realized I probably can't handle it with my history of substance abuse so I threw away the subscription and the edible I brought. ..Unfortunately having been so close to a substance and denying myself at the last moment started a cascade effect of the worst cravings i've ever had. Right now even just looking at a photo of beer is enough to make me feel the taste in my mouth and it's almost overwhelming. ..I'm also battling binge eating and am an ex smoker so I basically locked myself in the airbnb room out of fear because I know the moment I leave I will relapse on some thing or the other..I don't know what to do...I feel like my brain is broken it's just cycling the same subject..I want so badly to stay sober. I think i'm fighting too many demons at once all alone in a different country where I dont speak the language and dont have a place to call home...Any words of support/firm scolding would be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

That is a hell of a lot to bear. All I can say is if you succumb you are going to feel even worse than you do now. I know you are scared to leave your room but you are in the Canaries! Why not try a lovely nature walk? Good luck xxx
If you drink the cycle is broken and can sometimes be very hard to restart especially in a new place...You are doing amazing and the key is to minimise as much stress as possible...take a walk swim keep reading and posting here...download a book to read or watch Rachel Hunt podcasts...If you overcome this hurdle it will set you on the right path to a smoother carefree life in Canary Islands...play the tape forward and only you can decide
You're stuck in limbo at the moment waiting for other people to come through on what your plans are. I'm in exactly the same place and it's fecking horrible!  I know it's not ideal but could you find an Internet Cafe and get some work done?  
That's a lot going on all at once I can see how it would be overwhelming. What can you do right now for the cravings? For me it helps to do something active like I have to dispel an energy that's built up. Cleaning is my go to but that might be a weird thing to do at an air bnb. Jumping jacks push ups walk around the room really fast? Sometimes a hot shower can help too. I know you mentioned you've dealt with binge eating but if you're genuinely hungry it can take the edge off to eat something. You did great by posting here! Reading other posts can help a lot too sometimes I can get sucked down the SD rabbit hole for hours!..What can you do going forward? It sounds like the air bnb is short term until a hopefully better room is available. This is the place your going to be living finding ways to socialize and stay busy will likely make you feel more at home. The cannabis club didn't work out and great job realizing it wasn't a good choice for you but maybe there's other social clubs you could get involved in. Are there classes available to learn the language? If not maybe a book or an app practice on your aunts? This is a big change you've made and those can be really scary but when the newness wears off and you hopefully settle into being there it will be an awesome accomplishment to have made it through sober! 
I would TAKE A CAB TO THE BEACH RIGHT NOW!
