-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fj63c/10_years_today/

Today I celebrate 10 years of continuous sobriety. I'm sitting here playing with my 7 month old son on the final day of our vacation while my wife gets an extra hour sleep. This was not in the cards 10 years ago. I've learned with the help of others that life on life's terms is possible. With the help of others I've learned to navigate life's challenges (and successes) without having to pick up a drink. For a guy who drank around the clock at the end this is nothing short of a miracle.  For those that are struggling to get sober know that there is hope. Know that you are not alone. Know that this thing is easier done with help. And please never give up! Keep coming back to this sub meetings therapists whatever. Stay connected. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is amazing so inspirational it makes me hopeful and looking forward for what I might bring myself in the future. Thank you for sharing this. Congratulations for your 10 years I wish I'll do as amazing as you!! 
Well done and congratulations! On the advice of this sub I went to my first AA meeting yesterday it really is an amazing place. Enjoy the last day of your holidays if anyone deserves it it's you! 
You are an inspiration!  So many of us hear want to achieve what you have done. One day at a time we can live a better life in sobriety.  Thank you for sharing!
Congrats on **10 Years** and thank you for being here Slouchy!
Awesome congratulations on 10 years! It's so helpful to see long term sobriety can happen thanks for sharing :)
Congrats! You are an inspiration.
Congrats look forward to posting the same sort of post in 9 years!!!
Congratulations - what a lovely inspirational thing to hear. thanks for sharing!
Awesome~  Congrats on your 10yr~~
Definitely an inspiration to hear this. Congrats!
Happy to share in your celebration congratulations Slouchy!!!
.[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) connection is key for me...Congrats on the 10 years &amp; happy life ^ - ^
That's amazing man.  Congrats on the accomplishment! Any words of advice?
Congratulations that is truly inspiring.
Damn way to go! 
Well done!!! And congratulations on getting sober at a young age. There's a whole lot of life in front of you to live. Embrace it love it as you only get one. I'll be thinking of you as I don't drink today.
Congratulations!! Seeing posts like yours give me hope. 
So cool!!! Congratulations.  Enjoy the time with your boy. That is the best!!  Iwndwyt
Amazing!
Wow!  Congrats on an amazing milestone!  
For ten years you have met and dealt with life on its own terms with everything you've got.  That's being a warrior.  Well done.
Inspiring. Thank you! You're so right...we cannot do it alone against this thing!! ..    IWNDWYT 
GIVE IT UP FOR THIS GUY!! .
contrast to you. what an inspiration you are.
Congratulations!  Thanks for letting mom sleep too.
This is so awesome thank you for the words you're inspiring!!
This is great to read slouchy. Thanks for checking in stopping by and letting us know its possible...Hi5 Unmathable..
Congrats man! You deserve every happiness that life has given you since you put down that drink. IWNDWYT !
Wow that is so fantastic thank you for posting and I hope to be able to do the same one day!
