-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fk5v1/8_months_sober_and_having_bad_cravings/

Over the past few days I have seriously entertained the thought of having a beer(s).  ..The thought of never drinking again has just seemed crippling lately. ..I feel like I'm isolating myself to avoid drinking situations with colleagues and friends. ..Just feel really alone and not in a great place right now.  I can taste the beer and the relief I'd feel with a buzz to get out of my own head for a bit...Haven't felt this way since being sober and it's a very real internal power struggle right now.  Just venting. Thx. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there man one idea is to write up some pros and cons if you were to theoretically drink. I have a card like that since rehab and it helps me I even know what's on it without even looking. We're always stronger than we think we are.  
Glad you came here to share! I felt the same kinda internal struggle in patches right around 9-12 months...We're all different but it helped me to ask myself "what would drinking help? Would it really fix the underlying feelings that I was struggling with?"..That answer kept being no :).
I am at 7 1/2 months and I have those cravings as well. Keep it up don't give up!
That period of time (8 mos -12) was the worst for me. It was like my brain was pulling out all the tricks to really test my resolve.  After a year it calmed  down for me.  Hang in there!
Your brain has worked hard for 8 months to slowly replenish the valuable neurotransmitters that were replaced by alcohol for so many years. Just one night of drinking could  wash away  those precious chemicals in your synapses and reset your brain back to Day 1. There is no amount of fun or pleasure you would receive from a few hours of drinking that would be worth that. 
I've been feeling the same way. Which is why I came to this place today after some months to read some posts. I'm wondering if it's because of the warm weather and I see more people drinking. Rather than thinking I'm avoiding situations I'm trying to think that I'm seeking out better situations. 
Thanks for the replies I really appreciate it. I know that first drink would just put me right back where I was 8 months ago and that's not a place I want to go back to. ..I think it's beneficial to write out my thoughts and also find social sober activities with others. I feel like friends usually want to go out to bars etc so finding healthy sober social outlets is really important and it's a step in my recovery I've absolutely neglected. ..Any tips? 
