-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fk9a9/okay_so_day_4_is_here_feeling_alright_thanks_to/

I quit drinking over a month ago. But on Sunday and Monday this week I dealt with some harsh shit and just drank. No problems with it until the next morning. I felt shitty hated my cigarettes. I got both cold turkey on Tuesday. Fuck them. I can do better. All of you told me so. Thank you for being motivators sponsors counsellors and listeners. You all have helped me so much and I can't find a way to thank you all for the kind advice you've given me. I just wish I was strong as you 100 day guys and gals.  Please help me get there. I'm begging you guys for the help. I need to make a change and just talking to a blank faced counsellor isn't helping. AA isn't helping me either because of the religious aspect in the church it's held in. I need advice from you all I need to avoid another one month or one week relapse. Please. And I enjoy conversing about anything. If any of you wish to talk want me to listen or just shoot some atmosphere I'm always here for you guys. I'm here to help any of you as.much as I can.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know if I can offer any good advice except that for me thinking back about stuff that I did or bad things that happened in my life with a really clear lense helps me a lot. The person I am when I drink is a shitty knock-off of who I really am and it helps to not romanticize the "excitement" that was happening when I was in chaos. When I'm actively drinking I'm not as sharp at work I'm not as caring to my friends and I get wrapped into cycles of self-pity anxiety and depression. I'm still trying to recover from the shame I feel about my past but the best I can do is to promise myself it will never happen again. Keep hanging in there don't give up. You deserve to feel better and rebuild your confidence in yourself. &lt;3
What sorts of distractions and tactics are you using? 
Check out This Naked Mind website read the book.  Believe you can do this know that it's one hour at a time until you string a day together then it's one day at a time forever.  Plan your evenings weekends.  Think through what mornings feel like if you have an urge to drink.  If not today when?..You can do this. It's hard. It's easier than shame guilt and remorse that sits on your shoulder forever.  ..Give up one thing to get everything.
