-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fom62/just_saying_hello/

Hey!...After lurking for a week and reading all your stories and successes I decided to say hello and write a little about myself.  I'm 31 recently separated from my wife and I have decided to stop drinking....I feel like one of the lucky ones I haven't hit rock bottom hell I recently did five weeks sober for a diet and didn't miss it at all.  I didn't split with my wife because of drinking and I haven't lost any friends.  I do however recognise that I have a problem once I get one drink in I will not stop till I can't remember things.  I can sometimes moderate myself if the situation really requires but not well and not reliably.  I know well that I cannot have just one but I kept trying thinking something would change.  Well something has changed and it's not magically gaining the ability to moderate myself I have had enough....I used to feel embarrassed waking up and having to ask my wife "did I do anything stupid?" because I couldn't remember turns out it's so much worse when there isn't anyone next to you to ask and you just have to hope.  I'm really into fitness and the amount of gym / running / climbing wall time I have lost because the hangover said no or the times I have broken my diet plan because the hangover made me crave burgers.  The days I have achieved nothing at work because I felt like shit.  I will not miss those....There will be challenges I have a 90 bottle wine collection with some seriously good bottles in it.  In a couple of months I'm going back to the UK for a friends wedding and stag do which will be the usual British heavy nights.  Lots of Tinder girls suggest going to a bar for a first date.  ...It's all OK though I was on a date in a bar last night I was fine drinking coke and when she asked why I don't drink I explained that I quit whilst I was ahead.  I realised when she was cool with my answer that I have no interest in a girl who wouldn't be cool with that.  The wine collection can provide amazing presents for people for years to come.  It's Sunday morning and I feel great I'm going to go lift later and then maybe run 5k.  I know things will be tough and I may cave one day if someone opens a really nice bottle and I forget what happens after the first one but thats fine too I'm not going to call it the end of the world just a learning experience.  The stories I have read in the past week are amazing there's so many strong people here I look forward to reading more and taking strength in what you guys who struggle so much more than me can achieve.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and glad to have you here.  You are indeed fortunate not to have a sad tale that brought you here because many do...Looking forward to you posting updates as you see fit.
Love your attitude! Glad to meet you!
Hello and congratulations! Much better to get out before it gets worse.
Welcome!..Man that 90-bottle wine collection what are you going to do with that?
Glad your here ! I won't drink with you today . 
