-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8forn8/yes_i_guess_i_fucked_up_again/

anybody ever listen to that band Everclear?.I was really doing ok you know? Seemed like I was keeping my shit together. .I got paid. bought a bottle. bought some crack. then bought some more crack and then bought some more crack. ..I was up for like 2 days and then passed out and just woke up and I am like WTF dude? .Luckily nothing bad happened other than me being out of money. ..I have to do this. I have to go to the clubhouse and fish out a temporary sponsor. I know what to do.  I have been to rehab 6 times. ..My drug of choice is alcohol and drugs are just collateral stupidity. .And you know I have to keep up my spirits anyway. I remember when I was in my 20s I would get into this loop of shame.  Like I fuck up then I drink to forget that I fucked up while I was drinking which led me to fuck up some more. ..Anyway thanks for being here. ..There was a band in the 90s called EverClear. They did this song called "Strawberry burns".  It's about addiction and relapse. Funny when I listened to that song in the 90s it was just a good song. Now some of lyrics haunt me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back 
Whenever I relapse I have a friend who asked me what I learned from it especially regarding how it all started and what triggered/convinced me to pick up. 
I had the same cycle.  Then I decided to just stop the insanity.  
Im the same. I havent done anything hard in years but I use to all the time and it was always just collateral because of the drinking and I never would have touched it otherwise...P.s I remember Everclear. What a throwback lol..You came back and that's what matters. You'll get there. :)
I tell ya I think a sponsor would really help me.Be accountable to someone. I had a sponsor about 2 years ago and I told him my deal and that I might have to go to jail for a little bit. I went to jail and called him and he was supportive and stuff.  I did like 2 months county. Not that big of a deal really but then I had to go to this court ordered rehab. When I got free finally I called my sponsor and he was dead. I still don't know how he died but I know he didn't go back out. It must have been an accident or something.I am not sure because he had years of sobriety and he really only hit the clubhouse to talk to his sponsees. so nobody knows who I am taking about.I mean really get sober to honor him and some crazy public defender who went above the call of duty and this hard core judge who finally saw fit to just let me go. I owe people and all they want in return is for me to get my shit together.It is easy but yet extremely hard. :(.
hey guys. I am so sorry. I am posting and I am high. I hate myself. .well tomorrow is another day .. I am gonna get some sleep and head up to the club house. thanks.
