-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8frovb/another_relapse_post/

Im done beating myself up and being a little bitch wawa im a failure wawa i cant stop. im not talking to myself like that anymore so heres a list of what im looking forward to...Sleeping 8 uninterupted hours and waking up feeling amazing..Money lots of spare money that i dont spend on drink and junk food..Solid poops the ones that only need a safty wipe..Reading again lots of storys to loose myself in and new things to learn...No more acid reflux...Staying consistent in the gym and making some real progress...No more brain fog. ..No more cringing at what Ive said/done while wasted...Healthy foods not being to hungover/wasted to prepare it...Losing fat god know how many calories i drink...Meeting new people who have aspirations greater than spending all there time in a pub...Being able to look myself in the mirror and not see a failure but someone trying to be the best version of themselves...Most of all im looking forward to not being hungover all the time...Happy sunday everyone IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!!!!  .IWNDWYT.
I dig these reasons. Congrats on thinking ahead I know sometimes it's not easy to pull oneself out of a pity party but you're moving up already...I will not drink with you today!
You can do it! You have the right attitude to take charge and be who you want: a person who stays sober and makes good choices. If you want to read a great novel I would suggest Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace. Wallace was an alcoholic himself and his book is all about addiction to drugs and alcohol and AA. I read it about three years ago and I didn't really understand the problems of the alcoholics in the story but I loved it nonetheless. Now that I have had some of their similar problems I revisited it and it is so helpful and so raw and real. It's probably my favorite book of all time so I'm glad to be reading it again. It will surely stick with you for years to come if you decide to read it. IWNDWYT
You seem to have the right attitude. No use getting down on yourself for what's in the past just get back on the path today. Keep your head up. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome back
[removed]
