-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fy1kl/aok_monday_have_you_been_kind_to_you_lately/

Hey SD Happy Monday! Hope you enjoyed a lovely weekend...**'The best way to feel compassion for yourself is to imagine that someone you love is feeling hurt'**..In addition to being kind to others we also need to be kind to **ourselves**...I found [this](https://daringtolivefully.com/how-to-be-kind-to-yourself) article and the above statement and felt the need to share it here...Ya know those posts where SDer's are beating themselves up? Maybe they have relapsed or not gotten to where they want to be or are just plain struggling. By helping them to be compassionate and kind to themselves perhaps that will make a big difference in how they are feeling!..Check out the article and the 17 ways we can be kind to ourselves. Have YOU been kind to YOURSELF in any of these ways? If so how do you feel now?..If you've got any AoK's this week we'd love to hear 'em :)...Warmest wishes for a beautiful first week of May!..Much Love..Lee &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

I have been in a period of being very very busy and have been feeling boarderline burned out. Yesterday after some work in the AM took the afternoon and binge watched Handmaid's Tale. I felt a little guilty but mostly it was great to just relax. I am feeling a bit better this AM because of it!
Thanks for that. It was a good read. I'll try to work on it. 
Thanks for sharing the article.  . It's a great reminder that I needed! 
With the warm weather approaching I'm taking my toes for some much needed kindness today! 
I've decided today needs to be a day where I'm kind with myself. It hasn't really happened for a while.....So I'm off for a bike ride this afternoon for a couple of hours. It'll do me the world of good and mean I can be back in service of my clients tomorrow.
Each afternoon we hike on the nearby nature trails!  It's peaceful and restorative !
I am allowing myself a heaping healing load of grace. Of course the laundry piles up when I read two books in a week but I read. Of course we eat on the fly a bit more when I volunteer for the neighborhood but I am able to lead. Of course the kids are bored but our schedule isn't as full because I'm not rushing us around proving how busy I am. I've been trying to put on the show Happy Family Happy Me for decades and it was all contrived and superficial. Now I feel it. Happiness. Joy. Genuine love. Momemtum. My ornate facade is useless and I'm bravely scraping it for parts. Maybe there's time enough yet to build something brilliant.
Self-love is almost all I've been focused on since last August. It's led to some challenging good things and healthy decisions (biking to work a break-up changing therapists etc). I'm glad for the self-love. It's made me more confident and stronger. I'm getting what I want and it's nice!
I loved this article.  The idea of the "inner advocate" is so empowering and I think I need one in there pretty badly.  My inner critic thinks she runs the entire thing.  It's a bit crazy that the inner critic can be so defaming and punishing when in evidence around me it is not shown to be true.  Still the voice persists.  We all need someone who will fight for us but we have to fight for ourselves first and foremost.  ..I have been so busy lately that I haven't been able to do much in terms of kindness toward myself but not rushing myself constantly has been helpful.  I need a pedicure so badly.  Probably not today but soon!..Thanks for this Lee!
Great! I needed this today. ..I am feeling the Monday gloom. ..\(but not thinking about booze or anything\)...Gonna shower and have some breakfast.....I need to think of something fun to do later after work!..Hoping to get me UP. IWNDWYT
I left my music festival day one made it through sober day two and skipped the last day due to drinking anxiety. Instead got a massage a nap had a nice lunch and played blackjack (I'm pretty good when I'm not drinking!). I put myself first and didn't worry about disappointing anyone with my lack of attendance. I even had some spare love to give a lovely woman at my bj table who needed some encouragement and someone to listen to her regarding her husband who's drinking is hurting her. Talk about a cool moment. 
Thanks for that read Lee :) As always you are filling us up with light! I mostly finished a project that embodies a lot of those things - sorting out my personal art/reading/music/sitting room just off my office. It's been a pile of boxes and a plan for over 12 months but I finally finished collecting the necessary furniture [and some of it is really awesome stuff I found second-hand] and have unpacked 90 percent of the boxes so it is an actual pleasant space at last. I spent a few hours Sunday just hanging out in there reading with a scented candle going - bliss! Kiddo is NOT allowed to use this room [though if we ever have a guest they will sleep in there] because she already HAS so much space in and outside the house including two large rooms that are all hers alone [one her bedroom one a playroom]. This one is just for me to encourage me to express parts of myself that atrophied during my marriage and the early sole parent years after...AoKs this week included grabbing some lovely books for a couple of kids I know here that don't have many and dropping them around dropping my big load of sanitary products in for Share the Dignity getting some lovely little bits for my Sister for her new home and ringing up my friend who lost her brother a little while back just for a lovely long chat and listen to how she's going.. 
I want to share an AoK from my job a care center for drug and alcohol addicts. On Friday a somewhat distressed woman knocked on our door and informed me that one of our residents had fallen over some blocks down the street. I went out and sure enough one of our distinguished gentlemen (yes seriously) sat on the sidewalk unable to get up. He was fine just really really drunk...At the site three kind bypassers had gathered around him to offer their assistance. Isn t that awesome?? One of them helped me get him up and followed us until I knew I could handle him (really kind guy but tall as a tower; I needed for him to have at least some sense of balance to keep us both from toppling over)...These three plus the lady informing us were all very kind polite and helpful. On the way back we passed twice as many other people and those were the ones giving glances unconsciously making faces moving away from us and all that...So the obvious thing to do is for me just to enjoy the walk and let it show. ..It really was a sweet moment. He was so embarrased for losing control his childhood shame came up as it usually does (awful story he s 60 something even I seriously dislike his mom now) but he was so gentle and so thankful for the help. He clutched my arm really tight and sometimes when these things happen I think to myself that this is the only human contact some of these ladies and gentlemen have unless some sort of business transaction is going on. These are really valuable moments. Wait... was this AoK or Thankful Thursday? ;-)
Thanks for sharing this article :-)..I started to try to correct some of my negative self-talk about a month ago. For example one thing that I'll do is say to myself "I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you!"..This is a huge difference from what I used to say to myself: "all the clothes I own make me look fat." "I don't have any real friends and if anyone knew the real me they would be disgusted." "I've wasted a decade of my life being an alcoholic what does it matter if I just drink one more time." Etc etc..My therapist taught me this she said it's called "self-partnering". The point is to be your own advocate supportive friend and compassionate ally. I would say that it is quite helpful. ..
Thanks for sharing Lee! It really makes you think on this Monday morning. Maybe I have been kind to others but have I been kind to myself?..As for me I started reading again and I am enjoying it immensely. I have found that this week and a half without alcohol has made me find pleasure in the things that I used to live but had lost interest in. It's another big reason why IWNDWYT
I've been as kind as I could possibly be to myself...I decided that if I'm going to stop drinking I may as well go all out and rip the bandage off completely.  So I changed my diet to mostly veg using meat only as a flavoring in most dishes...I also started taking long walks each day and in April have done over 200000 steps which is way more than I've ever done in any month in the past few years...One good decision leads to more good decisions...IWNDWYT!!
Blessings and Nothing but good vibes I send it to whom ever reads this!!! Have a great day CARPE DIEM!!! 
One thing that has helped lately is to try to move away from black and white thinking.  I'm either being "good" or "bad" and beat myself up accordingly.  This isn't the way the world works or life works or people work.  Trying to stay in the moment and what it means for now instead of wondering if I can keep it up or how I compare to others.  It's really calmed my brain down. 
I just missed crossfit which I never do but I feel sick and tired and my wrists hurt from working out so much... I feel guilty for not going but I think my body needed a break. 
I will be kind to myself today! I'm good at what I do and I'm gonna rock it today. I have tomorrow off and this evening I'm going to make the most of some time with a dear friend before she moves away. I'm super sad she is moving but it's ok to be sad. I just need to let her know I care and spend some time together having fun. IWNDWYT!
A low day today..But hey better to face it sober..IWNDWYT. .120.
Leaving for the coast in a few hours for the week yay!  Spending some time reading and starting to journal to keep moving forward past my 2 weeks of sobriety.  
Thanks for a GREAT article Lee. I've printed it out and posted it on my vision board!
Going over the 17 items I have to say I believe [I do a lot of them.](https://imgur.com/a/Tb1WJ6D) I do my gratitudes every morning while making my bed I am eating a healthy planned meal I have me time every morning (although I have to wake up super early to make sure everyone else is still asleep for some peace lol). I have sticky notes on the mirror in my room I read sometimes to remind me I am a good person &amp; I have turned that room into practically my sanctuary - humidifier with essential oils my plants my salt rock lamp oh and I bought a new bedspread :)..I found my inner advocate and self-respect again recently. Broke up with the bf and stopped letting him pressure and bully me. I left my past behind and let it all go a few months ago I still have my moments but they are rare these days. I have made some of my dreams a reality (obstacle racing) and still figuring out some of my other ones...9 &amp; 10 I need to work on or atleast practice more &amp; 13 is hella hard for me. The "sweet spot between acceptance &amp; striving" is very elusive. ..Overall I feel very good about the progress I have made since Jan2016. It hasn't been a cake walk there have been many ups and downs &amp; it has taken a village (to raise an alcoholic* ha!)..AoK's of the week - took an extra shift at work &amp; about to pressure wash my mom &amp; grandma's house. Gave clothes I don't wear to a coworker who just had a baby. Bought a huge bag of candy for all my coworkers. :)..*so "it takes a village" refers generally on raising a child. When I went to rehab I had this one class &amp; the Dr was a Prof. He taught us about Brain Chemical Disorder (addiction) and what actually happens to ones brain. As an adult one thinks: Intelligence/thinking over Emotions/feeling (I/E). With active addiction ones decision process flips back over to when you were a child: E/I. ..For example: A ball rolls across the street ..- kid wants the ball &amp; runs out after it. "I want what I want and I want it now"..-Adult looks both ways and then gets the ball. ..So in essence it takes a village to raise this alcoholic is very fitting lol... .[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg &amp; &lt;3 yah Lee
Going over the 17 items I have to say I believe [I do a lot of them.](https://imgur.com/a/Tb1WJ6D) I do my gratitudes every morning while making my bed I am eating a healthy planned meal I have me time every morning (although I have to wake up super early to make sure everyone else is still asleep for some peace lol). I have sticky notes on the mirror in my room I read sometimes to remind me I am a good person &amp; I have turned that room into practically my sanctuary - humidifier with essential oils my plants my salt rock lamp oh and I bought a new bedspread :)..I found my inner advocate and self-respect again recently. Broke up with the bf and stopped letting him pressure and bully me. I left my past behind and let it all go a few months ago I still have my moments but they are rare these days. I have made some of my dreams a reality (obstacle racing) and still figuring out some of my other ones...9 &amp; 10 I need to work on or atleast practice more &amp; 13 is hella hard for me. The "sweet spot between acceptance &amp; striving" is very elusive. ..Overall I feel very good about the progress I have made since Jan2016. It hasn't been a cake walk there have been many ups and downs &amp; it has taken a village (to raise an alcoholic^explanation^below ha!)..AoK's of the week - took an extra shift at work &amp; about to pressure wash my mom &amp; grandma's house. Gave clothes I don't wear to a coworker who just had a baby. Bought a huge bag of candy for all my coworkers. :)..*so "it takes a village" refers generally on raising a child. When I went to rehab I had this one class &amp; the Dr was a Prof. He taught us about Brain Chemical Disorder (addiction) and what actually happens to ones brain. As an adult one thinks: Intelligence/thinking over Emotions/feeling (I/E). With active addiction ones decision process flips back over to when you were a child: E/I.* ..*For example: A ball rolls across the street* ..- *kid wants the ball &amp; runs out after it. "I want what I want and I want it now"*..- *Adult looks both ways and then gets the ball.* ..So in essence it takes a village to raise this alcoholic is very fitting lol... .[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) &amp; &lt;3 yah Lee
hello dear lee! happy almost may! i hope today finds you well!..i have started exercising again in addition to trying new vegetables. it's been fun to work on myself. rewarding actually. ..and of course i treated myself to two fancy macarons last night. a great way to wrap up a week!
I'm big on being your own advocate.  It's important.  You've gotta stick up for yourself...I got 12 hours of sleep.  Actually 12.5.  Good shit.
I was thinking about this very thing whilst I puffed my way around my afternoon run. My husband had walked the dog (normally my job) &amp; that left me free to run alone-a rarity. I felt instantly selfish but that was quickly replaced with gratitude that I had time for me &amp; I am able to now enjoy life with poisoning myself. Thank you for your post Lee
This morning I ordered a cheap nearly-disposable laptop as a gift to myself.  The reason I bought myself a flimsy laptop is to have something I can carry with me when writing inspiration strikes.  I recently made a monumental mental health milestone and I'm going to write about my pain humorously to heal.  .  .I've suffered for a very long time and it's time to heal up and get in the game.
Wonderful post thank you Lee. This is exactly what I've been working with here..."Cultivate Your Inner Advocate" from the article. That one really stood out to me. Wow I realized last night how hard I've been on myself about this book I'm working on... just driving myself like an ox! (You'll never be good enough fast enough... etc.) This poor 'me' was so tired. I finally turned it around and went off to sleep encouraging myself. I even imagined (chose to believe) there was an angel whispering in my ear. Yeah I'm super cheesy but hey it works :)
Thanks Lee! Pretty simple and most profound. Definitely needed to read this today. 
&gt;Have YOU been kind to YOURSELF..Yep for 257 days and counting...Great list BTW.  ..
I haven't done any of this stuff lately and I am feeling the effects right now. I have been marching through some tough times - work is in a very stressful mode right now we are having some kiddo issues (tweens am I right) and some loved ones are having some major health struggles. If I have ever needed time for self-care it's now and I just haven't. As a result I find myself depressed and thinking about drinking...Thank you for so kindly sharing this article Lee I plan to implement some self-kindness pronto. :)
The thought of going to the bar crossed my mind instead I bought myself a copy of "this naked mind" got a coffee and took a long bath!
Thanks for this I really really needed to put my eyeballs on this right now. 
\+
