-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8g3uwq/i_am_struggling_today/

My cat was hit by a car and the prognosis is not good..My typical drinking trigger - I do not want to feel. I do not want to think..But I made a promise to all of you. The only way I am going to beat this life destroying monster is to be accountable..I said to you that IWNDWYT. And today I will not..Thank you for listening. Thank you for understanding.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh no I'm sorry about your cat.  That is terrible.  If you can not drink today then you are giving yourself the gift of truly feeling these emotions and honoring your pet.  Again I'm so sorry.  IWNDWYT
So sorry to hear that :(  I hope it turns out all right. IWNDWYT
I'm really sorry about your cat. It's tough to lose someone you love and often a pet feels like  losing a dear friend. Stay strong though the grieving process is just that: a process. Eventually you will be able to accept your feelings and look back at all of the great times you had with your cat. ..Drinking while sad will most likely just amplify those negative feelings and make you feel even worse. If you think you are sad now imagine the bawling mess you might be if you get drunk. It may sound counterintuitive since alcohol usually makes people feel better in the short term but the wisest decision here is probably to stay sober. If you find yourself struggling with cravings keep reading The Sub and maybe try to help others with their own problems. Supporting other people can make you feel better and take your mind off of your own worries. IWNDWYT
Fellow animal lover here.  My heart goes out to you and so does my respect. Great job reaching out to S/D. You have thousands of friends here to hold you up in times such as these. Be with your cat and walk through this. He/she needs you.  We're right behind you. 
As a fellow cat lover I feel for you so sorry this is happening!  This quote comes to mind  There is no bad situation that alcohol can't make worse . Drinking would temporarily stop you from feeling but it will all still be there after compounded by a hangover. Hoping this goes as well as possible for you and kitty sending an internet hug. 
I'm So sorry! You're in a stressful place - I wish your kitty healing and you peace. IWNDWYT 
Sending you and your cat good vibes.     I won't drink with you tonight. 
So sorry about your cat. 
I hope this turns into a great recovery story for you to tell in the future...for both of you.
Well done you have made the correct choice.
So so sorry to hear that. Sending you the best thoughts one cat parent to another. And IWYDWYT.
I'm so sorry!!! I know this is really difficult but you're doing the best thing for this time by not drinking. I'm wishing you and your cat the best.
I'm sorry that's really tough to deal with :( You have all my condolences. Proud of you for not giving in. You've got this-IWNDWYT. ..
So sorry but proud of you. Hang in there! 
Breaking my heart for you and your cat and hoping for good news for you today. I'm a vet and a cat owner so am all too familiar with the trauma you and your little furry loved one are going through. ..I lost one of mine last year (through cancer). I 'commemorated' her by getting all fucked up on my own then felt so lonely angry and resentful that no one else cared she was gone. Which wasn't even true - I'd isolated myself with drink and destroyed my ability to think rationally. ..I really hope things take a turn for the better for you today. Try to stay strong your little one needs you. Come back and let us know what happens how you're feeling. You'll be in my thoughts. Iwndwyt
Hugs and prayers...
