-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8g5ia7/8_days/

I've been a drinker since I was mid teens. I always seemed to be the one who ended up most trashed by the end of the night. I don't have an off switch I'll just keep going until I fall over or run out of booze. I'm generally the life of the party until that happens though so people keep me around.  My drinking has spilled over from the weekends in to weekdays. I'm lucky enough that I rarely suffer from hangovers some mornings it's just a bit more of a struggle to get going...I suppose I'm a high functioner in a lot of regards. I have a good well paying job happily married and two bright funny young boys. I just can't keep going on like this. I don't want them growing up thinking that this is normal acceptable behaviour. My family deserve better...The fact is I'm struggling. It's hard to do this. I've not gone for longer than a week without drinking for a long long time. Certainly more than two decades. I've managed 8 days so far but it's not been easy. I'm trying to keep a lid on it but I'm struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Me too Flick. 2nd day and I'm struggling after thinking it was normal to drink alot for decades on end. So I came in here to read a few posts as I know it helps me. We can do this. 8 days is amazing!!! Let's hang in there.
It helped me to treat myself to other stuff. I mean i think drinking comes with a lot of beating yourself up and negative self talk so treating yourself and talking nice to yourself might actually go a long way. You got this!  
I totally understand. I drank heavily for almost 20 years from the time I was 19. I felt for the longest time that my drinking wasn't an issue because I wouldn't wake up hungover. I too consider myself very high functioning. ..I'm married 3 kids good paying job nice house the whole nine yards. My wife has been fed up with my drinking for years. A few weeks ago her sister was visiting from out of town and they were going to enjoy a weekend together. Except I decided to binge blackout piss on the floor of my sons bedroom and ruin the whole thing. Two of my kids are old enough to be well aware of my actions and it is beyond embarrassing. So my wife delivered an ultimatum her and the kids or my booze. ..I haven't drank since and it has only been less than 2 weeks but they are my family and I will do anything for them. ..I urge you to get ahead of this train because it is going to derail. Don't wait until you have made so many mistakes that you go beyond the point of no return. You are at the right track to realize it isn't healthy make the commitment and do it for your family and for your own well being!..I will not drink with you tonight
Keep on keepin on. Iwndwyt.
You've got this. One day at a time. It gets way easier. Do it for your boys!
I hear you I hear you. I'm at 9 days and am needing little tricks to keep me on track - I'm day off today and I got up at 7.30am to make my husband a flat white before he went to work just as a little treat. He didn't know it was for me as much as for him. I needed to internally commit to doing that last night to make me go to bed early and not sit up late boozing on my own (my 'normal' Monday night) then be too hungover to get up for his coffee. ..I'm learning to be accountable to myself but I'm pretty well-practiced at letting myself down so it's tough. But the fear of letting my husband down is so much greater. So I'm exploiting it for all its worth!..Keep coming back I'm finding this place and these people such an endless source of help and hope. Iwndwyt 
