-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gc9u6/todays_the_day_i_reached_out_for_help/

I was in denial for the longest time. I thought that I was fine because I was only drinking on the weekends. I'm a college students so it just seemed normal. Soon it turned from drinking on the weekends to weekdays. Half tab Tuesday? Dollar beer night on Thursday? I was always down. Then I started using drinking as a way to handle anything stressful or bad in my life. A lot of assignments? Boyfriend broke up with me? More reasons to drink. .It was normal for me to drink two bottles of wine to myself within an hour. I am also barely over 100 pounds I was drinking way too much for someone my size but I didn't care. Drinking then started taking a toll on my health. Within the last two months I had strep throat 4 times and mono. I was told by the doctor to not consume alcohol but I did anyways. There would be times where I forgot to take my antibiotics due to blacking out which was why I got strep multiple times. Last Thursday I went to hangout with my friends showed up completely hammered. I blacked out apparently I was rude to my ex and my friends. Even one of my close friends said I had too many issues and he doesn't want me in his life..I realize I have a drinking problem. As soon as I start drinking I cant stop until I black out. I become angry and make a fool out of myself. I hurt my friends multiple times because of my drinking. I realized I need help and that my drinking behavior isn't normal.  I told my friends and my parents that I am going to get help. It was really hard for me I never saw myself getting to this point. I was never a problem child so it really shocked my parents when I told them I'm getting help for alcohol abuse. As of today I have been sober for 5 days and I want to continue living an alcohol free life. I have been struggling the past few days but I keep reminding myself about how alcohol has been destroying my relationships and my health. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to have you here. I will not drink with you today. Get a badge from the sidebar so you can watch your sober days add up. It's surprising helpful and inspiring. 
Welcome! It's a lot easier with support; I'm glad you're here. Grab a badge on the sidebar and hang out! There are tons of resources to explore. I won't drink with you today :-)
Welcome. Asking for help and pursuing it is a great first step. ..Good luck kiddo. IWNDWYT 
Blacking out and the subsequent shame and guilt associated is terrible. I know what kinds of emotions you're going through. I blacked out all the time. I don't want it to ever happen again. You can do this - and this community will help! I will not drink with you today.
You can do this! IWNDWYT
You're in the right place.  Welcome!  Reading lots of posts here and seeing how much I had in common with everyone had helped so much.   
