-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gogvp/i_keep_struggling_with_the_last_time_i_get_to/

I really need to adjust my focus to one day at a time. I keep going back to  well this is that last time... . So stupid. Maybe I need to post more instead of lurking to be accountable. I hate my mindset of  get  to drink. Like drinking this poison is some sort of reward. I see others who've had success and get jealous and wonder why I've been unable to keep my focus. Badge reset requested. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

I had the same mindset and whenever I do something good there's a voice that says "Hey good job you deserve a drink!". But the truth is drinking slowly took away all of my hobbies and things I did that were interesting. Drinking stopped me from "getting" to do anything! ..When I stopped drinking I worked really hard to cultivate new hobbies and fill the new time I had. I didn't want to go and try any of them but I'm glad I did  so now when I hear that voice I say in my head that I get to do those things because I'm *not* drinking. Because if I was still drinking there's no way I would have done those things. I have a whole list of things that I wrote down just for when that voice comes up and that's been really helpful. Instead of "getting to drink" I got to: blah blah blah...IWNDWYT
What you have just both said has helped me heaps right now. Especially rewarding yourself with poison and I wouldn't be able to get half as much done renovating my home if I rewarded myself with a drink aka bottle for a job well done. Thanku..IWNDWYT
Try and listen to the Rachel Hart podcast. Lamenting drinking is not a good mindset for recovery.  Think of it more like a controlling partner. At first they were great but they slowly took everything away from you.  Do you need that in your life should you grieve after they leave. Iwndwyt 
My mindset is more like '*thank goodness I don't HAVE to drink any more*.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Check 'em out see if they help!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)..
I felt similar.  The day I sat down and quit I just remembered that getting through one day was very important to me in order to start the process.  The next day I told myself the same thing.  If I want to know what life is going to be like for me sober I have to *be sober* to find out.  ..It was a paradox I had to push away those thoughts of a  very last day' (almost like I was planning a vacation but I knew it was a permanent move) and just focus on today while dangling the carrot of finding out what lies behind the door (of sobriety).  If I drank even one I'd never find out.  I'd always be living in that cycle.  ..I remember that they say it's harder to think about an event than it is to actually experience it.  They're right...Today I'm happy to be here not drinking with you.  It's been a blast.. I never knew I'd actually enjoy this trip and learn so much and feel this good about it.  .IWNDWYT ....
Appreciate your post and totally relate. Here's my take on it... I don't know if I've had my last drink or drug or whatever.  I seriously can't think like that because THAT'S a poison for my brain. It may be clich  but I really only do what's necessary to not drink today. Maybe I'll drink tomorrow. I know I didn't drink yesterday.  But I've had that for enough days in a row (and a shit ton of work over the years) to not worry about it much. That comes with time. But focus on today and try not to compare your insides with other people's outsides. 
My last beer was a Michelob Ultra.  Yes I remember it despite not remembering like 80% of the shit I probably did leading up to that...That alone is kinda sad.  But I didn't know at the time it would be the last and it is probably better that way.
[removed]
This concept got easier for me when I got older (I'm 54)... I could actually start to see my not too distant future self as sad pathetic angry lonely and alone old drunk...So I had to ask myself "are you going to really let this define you for the rest of your life?"  "Wasn't 40 years enough?"..Now I look at never drinking again as giving myself the best chance of living the most fulfilling life possible in the years I have left (which I hope are another 40 but who knows!)...
