-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gpmy6/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_resisting/

On the drive to the prison my buddy spent some time unloading.  In a way it was a meeting before the meeting and he needed it...A brief explanation -to my mind a meeting does not have to take place in a church basement.  It can be two alcoholics connecting in the bread aisle of the supermarket or at a coffee shop.  It can last a couple of minutes or as in this case the forty five minutes it took to drive to our destination. His wife is very sick she is a terrible patient she provokes him he regrets his outbursts.....In science fiction movies one often transports to another universe by passing through something like a giant soap bubble.  Not so in prison it's stop show ID names recorded on clipboard and notebook gates open and close - going through metal detectors in an area called the port sally getting our get out of jail free cards and surrendering our keys and outside ID more gates and then a short ride in a battered van to the building where the 'programs' are held...And then - like the science fiction movie - poof we're in the alternate universe.  With people just like ourselves.....The leader last night picked a reading from a staple book in AA called Living Sober (pdf versions can be found online)  - He chose the chapter "Easy Does It" which goes directly against the alcoholic super power of "I gotta get all this done immediately and perfectly"...From the reading *"The slogan "Easy Does If is one way we  AA's remind each other that many of us have tendencies at times to overdo things to rush heedlessly along impatient with anything that slows us down. We find it hard to relax and savor life."* ..This morphed into a topic of letting ourselves get bent out of shape when someone or something gets in the way of doing what we want to do.  (this happens a lot in prison)  someone else is on the phone - or a correction officer decides this is the time to enforce ALL the rules.  Space is rented in heads molehills become mountains with international expeditions wearing oxygen tanks as they struggle upwards.... ..preachybit/ **there is so much more to recovery than not drinking - though that is of course the required starting point. Our thinking - our whole system of coping - is thrown into disarray. We no longer need a Bureau of Lies and Evasion in our heads** (the source of some of our 'superpowers') - and that releases a lot of energy which is not always put to good use /preachybit..One man shared on how he'd avoided drama this week by simply not responding to someone who was clearly looking to start something - over nothing.  "I used to live for such moments not that I needed an excuse to get into an argument but if one came along I sure would run with it."   Easy Does it at work...Towards the end of the chapter it says *"When we do find ourselves up-tight and even frantic we can ask ourselves occasionally "Am I really that indispensable?" or "Is this hurry really necessary?" What a relief to find the honest answer is frequently no!" and ... "How much does it really matter?" is a very good question."* ..Preachybit2/ my warped damaged leaky self esteem was at the core of my alcoholism - and my knee jerk response was often do inflate it making my 'missions' far more important and urgent than they had to be - making me and those I was bumping against unhappy or angry.  Today Easy Does It - helps me a lot./preachybit2..There was less need for yet another "meeting" on the ride home  but as my friend was getting out of my car and into his truck I called out "Take care or yourself too my friend."  He said he was going to go fishing tomorrow...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for this. It spoke to me surely. 
I love your prison meeting recaps...always good stuff to mull over. Thanks for posting them!
Awesome read. Thanku!
Good stuff.
Thank you - this spoke to something I have very much been turning over in my spare thinking moments today. My tendency to overdo things and rush and not relax and savor life very much predates my drinking - and was one of my main justifications for drinking. Easy Does It is definitely a powerful mantra to start applying to that tendency. Bless you.
&gt;we no longer need the Bureau of Lies and Evasion in our heads..Nor the "Reasoning Factory" with machinery whiring and pumping out bright and shiny Justifications!..&gt;more to recovery than not drinking - thought that is of course the required starting point...All I needed to do *after* I got sober was just *Change My Whole Life*...A transformation still in progress of re-orienting my basic operating model from one of self-centered self-indulgence to one in which I consciously and with purpose focus on others...Now at each and every juncture I recognize that I have a choice:  do something for my selfish interests or do something that provides usefulness and kindness to others...It's a project that will never be finished........And that's a "good" thing ;D..Slip thanks for taking your caring and compassion and indeed you experience strength and hope inside the razor wire and gray walls...We're all better for it even vicariously!
Wow. This- is me. Absolutely.  I overdo things. Always have to do more. In a way I used alcohol as a means to help me slow down at times and at others as a way to power through the things I had to do that I didnt find enjoyable otherwise. I once told someone "beer is my superpower" I really thought I was so much more productive when I was drinking...I actually find myself asking "how much does it really matter?" A lot in my life now- and suprisingly the answer is very often "not that much" Will I remember an email with a snarky comment in it a day from now? No. Does it matter that I presented something to an important person and it had a mistake on it? No- not really. ..Thanks for the insights today.
Thank you for sharing this. That def sounds like me at work and causes for some of my anxiety...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Not that this was your point but in active addiction I lied about Everything --even stuff that was as mundane as what I had for lunch.  I even remember thinking at times "why the hell did I just say that??"..Conversely not too long ago my singles-group met for our monthly dinner and we went around the table stating what we felt were 'facts' about other people in our group.  Someone said "shineonme4ever is one of the most honest people I know"; and someone else even agreed.  I was very touched by that.  Recovery has brought out empathy and sensitivity in me that I certainly didn't have before when it was all about 'me Me ME'...As usual Slip thanks for sharing each week and for the service you do.
Thanks for posting! Great advice in there. What makes you label it as preachy? Seems like sharing your perspective on drinking isn't preachy at all!
*Easy does it* is going to be my new mantra while driving.
Thank you so much for sharing this. It is exactly what I needed to read today. I've been realizing that a lot of the challenges I'm facing right now are because I rush head first into everything I do. I'm a workaholic alcoholic hobbiholic. It's like every thing I do has to be to the max. That's not always a bad thing but not drinking tends to set free all this energy to go see and do. I need to take not drinking one day at a time. But perhaps the rest of life should be lived one day at a time too. 
