-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gtd3w/day_4feeling_good_but_worried_that_will_change/

Long story short I have been on a 5th\-a\-day whiskey habit. Typically I was hiding my drinking and passing out every night. My wife was worried about my behavior but really didn't know it was because of drinking. As of Monday I have not had a drink. It is to the point where my health is bad I am really overweight my relationships are struggling I am depressed and hating the fact that I chose to do this for so long. ..There was a quote by Charlie Sheen in the show Two and a Half men that I have always related to. When he is asked why he drank this poison and his answer is "because there are things inside me that I need to kill." I have always related to this line. There is something wrong with me that I do not want to address. I fear that by addressing my demons something will be brought to the surface that will be too difficult to deal with.  In my head I know that I need to man up and deal with this in a more mature way but it is still difficult. I am now making steps. I have a follow up with my Dr regarding new meds to get tri's and bp down.  I have an appointment with a therapist to work on my issues and I am praying for the strength to resist the temptation of evil spirits that have had a hold of me for so long. ..Thank you all for your postings. I relate to those that are in my same situation with a job kids wife responsibilities and overall should be a happy great life...but continue to chose to live much less fulfilled lives. It is refreshing to know that I am not alone and that there can be a light at the end of the tunnel...If I chose. 
----------immediate responses--------

Things get better. I was the same as you in a family job and a fifth of whiskey habit. My BP has went down steadily since I quit. Mine was just at the upper limit of "pre-high blood pressure" but now it's right in line with normal. No medications or anything just haven't been drinking and I'm still overweight. Working on that part now too though. 
You're making headway! Good for you for coming to these important realizations. Indeed getting sober takes some work...but it's totally worth it. Your future self will thank you. You may want to consider going to some meetings. AA and Refuge Recovery have helped a LOT of people work through their demons. They could really help sort through some things. Keep it up!
One step at a time.  Sounds like you are on the path.  Keep on keeping on!  IWNDWYT
