-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gthkn/365_my_short_story/

I just wanted to share a little about this past year for anyone who is interested. Also it helps me to recognize accomplishments and this is a big one!..One year ago today I started an outpatient treatment program after an intervention with my family and girlfriend. I was not a daily drinker but I was blacking out 3 or 4 nights a week. If I'm honest the road has not been easy for me. I am young (27) and struggle with depression and anxiety. I didn't lose weight gain confidence or even like the "new" me. I've been isolated by most of my friends in the past year as well. I left my treatment facility after 6 months because I was told that I wasn't making any progress...In the last 6 months I have simply taken steps to reduce my stress taken things one at a time and have practiced taking better care of myself. I've learned a ton about myself and I am dealing with my anxiety and depression in healthier ways. I'm leaving my stressful job and am moving into a new home with my girlfriend in a few weeks...That said I can't say that I love being sober but I am happier than I was a year ago and I'm still committed to trying to better myself. Some people experience positive change sooner than others and for those who are struggling well into sobriety I'm there with you and we can do it.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes you can do it hell you are doing it!! Amazing achievement good for you. I hope you give yourself some credit
Congratulations...Be good to you today  you deserve it 
Congratulations and I appreciate your honesty! In French there is an expression "reculer pour mieux sauter" that comes to mind. It means that you have to back up to jump higher that you need a running start. It sounds like you are doing just that by eliminating stressors and narrowing your focus. You will tackle your goals one at a time soon enough ;)
Great post! I've been struggling to quit completely for a while now but keep relapsing. I know it needs to be done though so I'm just going to keep trying. I'm not super excited about the idea though if I'm honest. Maybe the pink cloud will hit me at some stage! Well done to you and congratulations IWNDWYT 
Thank you so much for sharing and congratulations on one year that's amazing! 
Thanks for sharing your story and being honest. It helps those of us earlier down the track to have a better idea of our future. It's good to know it may not be all sweetness and light. ..And still you did not drink. Congratulations. 
Well done :) I think sometimes there is this pressure to 'find a new you' and become completely euphoric 24/7. Obviously I'm exaggerating slightly but it's important to know that it isn't necessarily unusual to feel a bit down or ambivalent about sobriety. The key thing is that as bad as it can get in sobriety it is ten times worse when drinking for me at least...But congratulations again :) A year is very impressive. 
Thanks for this. 
Way to go! IWNDWYT 
In terms of exercise...yoga worked very well for me - it helped me to breathe consciously slide into meditation get my body moving that was gentle enough for any lazy person...but good enough that it allowed me to get a sweat and become more muscular flexible.  If you visit a studio with music during the hour even better...Not even joking i had depression and anxiety for years for a very good reason.  Once i stopped drinking invested myself completely into AA got rid of all ambiguous or toxic friends and went to a hot yoga studio 3-5 days a week....it changed my life. I have not been depressed in over 5 months. I honestly dont think ill ever have it again because I've learned how to FEEL my feelings and express myself.  Whether it be to a therapist a friend or journalling and allowing myself to feel sad disappointed angry etc.   I no longer hold it in - i give myself permission to say "I feel like shit!" and then I get off my ass and do something about it.  I got tired of my own pity party...Also over time in my sober journey... I eventually got a new stress-free job started doing plenty of hobbies (new and old) I do yoga religiously (which is something i never did before) I read a lot of books on the mind watch tons of youtube vids on sobriety and emotional sobriety.  when in doubt clear house and create a new life travel go to tons of aa meetings and meet lots of ppl who feel the way you do and ask them how they dealt with it. especially ol timers. hope that helps
Well done!
I too was a binge drinker \(starting 3 or 4 nights a week but eventually it was more like 6\-7 nights a week\)...I'm personally much happier in year 2\-3 than I was for the first year after I stopped drinking. I wouldn't take too much credence to anyone saying you weren't making progress sometimes just not drinking is progress enough...The first year I was just really getting over drinking for me real changes started happening the following year I had more energy better sleep more inspiration. I don't miss it at all drinking and only really think about it when I tell people I don't drink say at a party...What I miss the least is the constant rumination about alcohol was I drinking too much should I stop what about tomorrow instead do I have a problem etc... that I went through constantly whilst I still drank it was exhausting.
