-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8h2hib/dammit_i_am_too_young_to_be_struggling_on_day_5/

I know I've been using this sub as a personal journal lately. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck and congrats on day five!
Woo! Fuve days! I wish I had gotten ahold of my drinking when I was still in college instead of waiting another ten years for it to get worse. Keep posting and we will keep reading.
I can't say I'm jealous of your situation. I'm 28 and on day 5 I can only imagine being 21 in college and trying to quit. I remember my college days (or barely remember them) and the one thing I wish was that I spent less time partying and more time experiencing everything. A bunch of my friends talk about funny stories that I was apparently a part of in college and highschool that I don't remember AT ALL. Don't get to that point in your life where you enjoyed all your glory years but don't even remember them. You got this !!!!
I'm 22. I can relate with feeling super strange about knowing you have an alcohol problem while also being submerged in college culture that literally promotes overconsumption of alcohol as a funny thing.. with sayings like  you're not an alcoholic until graduation  we probably didn't have much of a chance of making it out of college without our addiction taking hold huh? Talk about YIKES. Anyways we're not too young. The perfect time to get sober is now because the real difficult parts of adult life haven't stacked up or been ruined by years of alcoholism. That's how I look at it anyways. Also I bet you'd be surprised about just how many people our age would be really REALLY bothered if they tried to go more than a few days without booze... it's really an issue for our age group. I wish you all the best. I'm nearing my 100 day mark and I painfully remember the mental struggle of super early sobriety. My advice is to talk to whoever you trust and keep a lot of positive thoughts at the front of your mind. 
I'm 49 and I'm glad you're here and at least contemplating your relationship with the bottle at your age...Yeah. I'm one of those people drinking longer than you've been alive. Hope you stick around this place is an oasis of kindness. Hugs. 
