-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8h6u9q/not_sure_about_this/

As the title says...... I have had a drug problem not a drink problem so feel a bit out of place posting this plus I'm not sure if the message will come across the way I want it to....Here we go..Very very recently my girlfriend was killed after a day of drinking she was a blackout kind of drunk very nasty....I had stopped drinking in the last 2 years of our relationship because I could see how it was effecting her and she couldn't handle her booze....I carry guilt because I refused her to come to mine because I could hear how drunk she was....Yes she was killed but drink will of played a part. There is a lot of factors at play....I have only a dad as family sadly everyone else has passed away..He is a full blown alcoholic so can't really open upto someone who's always drunk so yes  alcohol has effected my life massively since day 1....Please be aware of how drink may effect others around you and how situations may escalate to point of no return....I will never touch a drop of Booze again.And the people struggling are in my thoughts and I wish you the best!...If I offended anyone with my post I am sorry ..
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
You didn't offend anyone my friend.
My condolences to you. This is a terrible affliction. 
I'm so sorry for your loss Bean. You're among friends here. Hugs.
Sometimes the truth hurts. No reason to be sorry. .I'm sorry for your loss and hope you can find peace. Welcome. 
Thank you for all your kind replies
I know that no words can help right now but I'm so sorry for your loss. Just so you know- Your post helped me to stay sober today. It actually sealed the deal for me. I'm about to go up to my moms house and hang with my parents and siblings and although they don't drink I'm always  triggered when I'm around them. I'm really not healthy enough for another binge so thanks for helping me out of it today. I came here looking for inspiration and your post is it for me. Thank you so much. Xoxo   IWNDWYT 
So very sad. I dont really know what else to say. However it is a good reminder to remember the others effected by our behaviour.  
