-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hbmh2/day_four_encouragement_appreciated/

I have struggles with my beer addiction for two years. I would get home and drink a Six pack every night with no breaks. I graduated from 6 to 12 to 18 daily. ( I live in Utah and would justify it as being only 3.2 beer ) I have gained a ton of weight my mood has been toxic and I've isolated myself from my loved ones. I'm 25 and can't live like this anymore. .Last Wednesday I had an infection in my teeth that caused my whole face to swell up. Freaked you out I went to the dentist and they fixed it and gave me Vicodin. .I knew drinking was out of the question on these meds so I quit. .I am really proud to be on day four even though I cheated. It's given me perspective that intend to keep for the foreseeable future. .I had a great day at work waiting tables. I connected with people and was jazzed. .I went on a little walk after and am now home eating whatever I want. .I can do this but tips are appreciated. .I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time grab a badge if you'd like. Personally I enjoy watching the number rise provides a sense of accomplishment to myself. 
Good job on your decision &amp; on mostly being on day 4! Sugar helps with the cravings keeping busy &amp; keeping coming to this sub has helped immensely! You can do this! I was up to 20oz of vodka a day &amp; now I've been sober for almost 19 days!!  This Naked Mind  podcasts have been really inspiring too. .Tacos tonight for Cinco de Mayo without Mexican beer tonight!.I will not drink with you tonight!
Kudos for four days! Step to the sidebar and get a badge-------------------------------------&gt;..I couldn't stay sober without lots of help. AA meetings and therapy gave me the support I needed. Sobriety is more fun and easier with help.
Congrats!!.Take things one day at a time or one hour one minute if needed. 
Excellent. You speak of isolating yourself versus connecting with people--this is one of the most remarkable changes I have seen in my own sobriety.
