-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hbu91/day_1/

I've been struggling with my sobriety for over a year now. Today was a turning point for me and I poured out all my alcohol. I know I should feel proud of myself but all I feel is regret about pouring it all out. 
----------immediate responses--------

Its my first day too. We can do this together.
I know it doesn't feel like it right now but you've done the right thing. I've been where you are it's a painful spot but please hang on in there. An odd thing that helped my cravings a little was fizzy water or diet drinks. Kind of settled my stomach. I wish you all the best. 
You may be in mourning which is totally common. .I was told early on to be careful about grief and self pity. Grieving is natural but sometimes it slips into self pity and we don't even realise..You did the right thing pouring it out though! That's a huge step! Congrats .IWNDWYT
The first step is the hardest.. and you have already taken it. ..We can do this OP. ..IWNDWYT
Congratulations! My day one was last week. If I can do make it a week I promise you can do it. .If you take it one day at a time I think you'll be surprised how you feel this time next week. ..You can do this!..IWNDWYT 
I started out by doing this too! I cried like a baby with every bottle down the drain and I regretted it immediately... but then that regret turned into pride. That was my first big step. Finding this sub was the next step. I'm so proud of you. 
Good for you recognizing that you have a problem. Even better that you're going to do something about it. ..Remember that you have this problem. Don't let others or yourself fool you into thinking that after a period of sobriety that "I've got this! I can moderate".  ..Stay in the game. 
You've already taken some huge steps! In time those voices will change I just had to grit my teeth for the first few days. I found keeping myself distracted and busy or sleeping was a huge help. Didn't matter what I was doing: working going down a YouTube conspiracy video rabbit hole playing videogames sleeping eating more than I should cleaning staring at the wall all were better than having that first drink...IWNDWYT
IMO it's easier if you have already really and truly accepted it. But that's a question only you can answer. Good luck and congrats on day 1. 
Congrats 
You're gonna be really glad that you did that.  Maybe not now but you will. 
