-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hbzi3/cheating_my_way_to_day_7/

Today was a struggle my insomnia and night sweats came back with a vengeance and I don't know if I slept more than two hours last night. Needless to say my mood was shit and my anxiety was worse than any of the previous days this week. Today was just a shit day but that's not what this post is about. . I crawled in bed with my tea and a book while before the sun went down just so I could make it to Day 7 and I felt this strange feeling wash over me a few minutes ago - pride. It took me a while to recognize it because it's been so long since I felt proud of myself. I'm proud because tomorrow I am waking up with one week of sobriety behind me and if I survived this week I know I can stay on this path one day at a time..Thank you SD for your being such an incredible community. You kept me from stumbling on more than one occasion this week and you didn't even know it. I can't tell you how many times I had to open my phone with shaky hands just to read the posts. .It doesn't matter if you're starting day 1 or 1000 please don't stop posting and commenting. You never know how.many lurkers you are helping. ..Thank you!..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

You should be proud.  Day 7 is a big deal.  IWNDWYT 
You're awesome. Thanks for the kind words of encouragement. Getting sober was one of the few things I was proud of in my early days of sobriety. 
Sunday morning thanks you in advance.  Sometimes an early night is just the thing to help the body and mind catch up.  You're doing great!  Keep it up.
I am proud of you too. Great job.
That unknown feeling of pride reminds me that I've been watching the 12th season of Trailer Park Boys &amp; Ricky is also unsure of that feeling. He said it's like when you feel "buttermoths" in your stomach. Anyway it made me laugh &amp; I'm happy you're also feeling prideful! You earned it! IWNDWYT!
Great job getting to day 7! Going to bed early is better than drinking any day!
That's not cheating! That's prioritising.
Well done! You're in the heart of the fight. Keep it up!
It is a big deal! I'm right there with you on days. Crazy to think a week could mean so much but it does! IWNDWYT :)
You're at the tail end of the physical symptoms bud.  Nice job and hang in there.  Hit a meeting take a walk eat a tub of ice cream jerk off or just sit there white knuckling it if that's your default fight mode.  You're almost through the shit.  Next stop is the intensive self analysis and the feeling of new roads opening up before you. It's good shit and well worth the price of admission. 
You're at the tail end of the physical symptoms bud. Nice job and hang in there. Hit a meeting take a walk eat a tub of ice cream jerk off or just sit there white knuckling it if that's your default fight mode. You're almost through the shit. Next stop is the intensive self analysis and the feeling of new roads opening up before you. It's good shit and well worth the price of admission.
Never ever forget how terrible you feel. The mind has a funny way of forgetting these things as your system comes back online...Remember the sweating remember the uneasiness and remember you NEVER have to feel that way EVER again!..When I was in the same place you are now I didn't have the life will it energy to do a thing besides feeling sick. You're a soldier for showing your face around here. ..Hats off to you.
The end of the second week was definitely the beginning of an easier time for me. The occasional moment arises when I go to bed early too however I don't think about drinking constantly any more. That's huge! Kudos and good luck to you! .IWNDWYT 
Oh Gosh - you are doing so well!! In the very early days I certainly had a couple of days where I took myself off to bed with food and a book very early to put myself out of harms way. I see it as a healthy tactical retreat to help you win the battle. Good self care. Which is going to lessen the triggers to drink. At this stage not picking up a drink takes up all your concentration and will power and anything else is a bonus. It does get easier - if it didn't get easier then I wouldn't still be sober. You should be proud of yourself - Well done  
Congratulations! The first day is a giant step and you've already had 7 of them! It gets so much better. You've got this!!! :-)
Thank you for posting and congrats!.IWNDWYT 
One motherfuckin week yeeeaaahhh! That's when it stops feeling like a fluke. The part of this you're in probably still feels shaky but I remember it also being splendid and liberating. You get to redesign your life! ..You know all those books you've wanted to read but never got around to??? You got time AND energy for that shit now! And you'll remember them too. All those friends with whom you've wanted to mend fences? BOOM. BEST POSSIBLE TIME TO START MENDING FENCES. ..Cutting booze out of a dipsomaniac life is like one big fat lovely mulligan. You are of course still the author of past shitty behavior and it's good to make your amends...but stopping drinking is an enormous concrete step from bad to good a sign to yourself &amp; all &amp; sundry that you are getting right. Whatever goods can be gained by redemption are now within your reach. ..You're killin' it keep killin' it
Thank you for this.  You should be proud.  This is difficult and you're doing great!..I will not drink with you today either
You're doing great! We're all proud of you too. 
Keep reading and learning new junk.
You should be proud! Hell when I first started trying to get sober I was taking sedatives to help with withdrawals and anxiety. I was sleeping 14 hours a day and still waking up with night sweats periodically in my first week. Keep it going! I'm not gonna lie I'm still having anxiety issues doctors think I might actually be bipolar but it's to soon to tell. But it gets a little easier everyday. I promise you that. 
It gets better. Just a few weeks ago I was shaking so bad I could barely operate my phone unable to sleep anxiety through the roof. Now I'm back at the gym consistently and physically feeling good. ..You never have to go through this again if you don't want to. In a couple more weeks you'll be feeling way better you just have to wait it out and hang in there. ..I will not drink with you today! 
Hey! I just hit day 7 too! I'm here with you. We can do this. The hardest part for me is my friends questioning it and calling me lame and boring. I'll take lame and boring over hungover and feeling brain dead. 
That's not cheating that's tactical it's the old rope-a-dope.  You hunker down till it's done its worse smile and kick it's teeth in...Unless you were talking about the tea.  Indeed that gives an unfair advantage for all things in life...For me it got easier and easier with each victory.  There will be a time when a week will go past and I won't think about drinking then it hits but it's become habit to have a tea or snack or walk or whatever...Well done for getting through this.
First of all congratulations! Keep it up!..Can I ask you whether you went cold turkey or not? I'm in a dire need of quitting my drinking but it's been so many years of daily inbibing that I'm not sure my body would would take it cold turkey.
Test
Congratulations on seven days. That's great:-)
Coping with the struggle isn't cheating.  The first week is usually the hardest week and it's in the bank now.  I'm damn proud of you because I know that struggle.  I know those sweats.  I know that insomnia.  I know that craving to have these uncomfortable sober feelings go away.  You did it though and you should be proud...You have one week in the books and it's a done deal.  One of the first goals of stopping drinking is accomplished.  Onto the next goal. 
congrats on one week. take photo today and track your progress visually. you *will* see a difference as the weeks roll by. :) 
Proud of you!!! .IWNDWYT!   
How's not having a hangover today?
Right there with you. IWNDWYT
I had incredibly stressful  day 9...but made it through too IWNDWYT 
Keep it going! The night sweats will be gone soon I had them for a couple of weeks. Its still "One day at a Time" for me keep that mentality. I relate a lot to the pride aspect of it. Im 30 and this is my first shot at getting sober. When I struggled hard telling myself i've never done anything for myself before was huge in keeping me going. Congratulations on making the choice to get sober. Be good to yourself. 
This is a great accomplishment something you can definitely be proud of!!! IWNDWYT.
Thank you! My next goal is day 14. Before my relapse last year I had made it a 100 days so I know I can do it. I'm building a stronger foundation this time around...IWNDWYT 
You SHOULD be proud those first 7 days are a bitch but you'll never have to feel that way again. I will never forget the first week just as you described night sweats and insomnia. But it got better then it got real better! IWNDWYT
I used to sweat so much when I drank. 
