-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hdsrh/this_seems_small_to_most/

But I just ate this gigantic salad made of lettuce I grew on my own (and some almonds and mango and crunchy bits). This picture may not show the scale but this is fistfuls of salad. When I was drinking I couldn't see a hopeful future. I was living day-to-day drink-to-drink. I wanted so badly to quit to have a day where depression and anxiety didn't rule every moment of it. Where I didn't just do whatever was absolutely necessary to get done during the day so I could retreat into the bottle at night. I wanted to look forward to something a week away a month away! So part of me got really excited about hydroponics. I started some lettuce when I stopped drinking it was a great way to eat up lots of anxious alcohol-free idle time I was suddenly flush with. And it represented some form of hope for me. ..https://imgur.com/a/pXmjw7b...Fruit is usually a treat for me but with all I'm saving on drinks I figure I can indulge. I'm not very far into sobriety but I would never have had the time to setup my indoor garden or the motivation to be eating healthy more regularly if I hadn't cut that demon out of my life. It seems silly but this salad kinda represents my struggle towards sobriety and I know you all would understand. I'm six heads in and now doing some re-planting as I move from initial detox into maintenance...Here's to many more sober days and salads and brownies with all of you. I wouldn't be here today with 40+ days under my belt if it weren't for all of you. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

This is not small at all.  It is the little things that keep me going rather than the milestones! Iwndwyt 
Aw yeah! Big salad lover right here. I also started a potted garden this year. This is a super  cool post. .I will not drink with you today 
Hey that sounds delicious! Do you have a picture of your hydroponic indoor garden? I never saw something like that.
That's awesome. You just reminded me I have to go plant all the seedlings my wife bought at the farmer's market last week. Lots of weeds to pull first. Gardening is definitely something I wouldn't have time to do when I was drinking...
Great post! I'm a fellow big salad enthusiast and will be planting my first balcony garden this week.
