-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hh59g/can_someone_share_experience_or_something_please/

I finished my last drink at a barbecue two days ago. I drink too much according to my close friends and I personally have noticed an increase in drinking since I quit other drugs. I don't regret doing drugs nor drinking as much as I have done them but I do want to be a better person and I'm sick and tired of being the person who is always down to drink. If I'm telling anyone I would blame most of my issues on the way I grew up but the truth is that I should have control of myself and I don't so it's my fault. The thought of not drinking scares me but I think it would also be a positive experience at the very least and that's why I'm not using a throwaway. I want to stop drinking so much and I'm currently a university student. I know it's hard to quit especially when people drink around you but I think I need to quit at this point. If anyone could give me pointers or support I would really appreciate it. Pretty much this post is asking if anyone has any tips and tricks because I could really do with them...To an extent I would also appreciate talking about why I consumed substances but I assume that's not the main purpose of this subreddit. Thank you anyone who reads this and good luck in your own struggles and successes.
----------immediate responses--------

Take a test run. 30 days do not drink. If it doesn't bother you then try again. Only you can diagnose if you are an alcoholic. For me moderation is not an option. ..Now for the what will life look like sans alcohol forever?  I only have today and I will just not drink this day!..IWNDWYT 
I drank to dumb down my emotions and not feel a thing. Now I cant speak for everyone on this but I am sure there are plenty who have drank for the same reasons as myself and it could give you an idea. Quitting ain't easy. Especially alone. I needed support to be able to navigate. There's plenty of support here as well as other places like AA AND whatnot. I hope you stick around...I will not drink with you today 
Many universities have services available where you can meet with a therapist.  If you want to discuss why you drink too much that might be a good resource to use.  ..For me the problem isn't how I was raised or anything in my past.  It is just how I react to alcohol.  I forget about tomorrow I forget about responsibilities and I just want to keep that buzz going.   I also just comsume things quickly.  Not just alcohol any drink you put in front of me.  I must drink 10 cups of tea a day at work...It goes for food too.  With a bag of chips I am much more likely to eat the whole bag than I am to eat some and put the rest away for later.
Just for today is the mind set that got me this far. I like how I feel waking up from solid sleep or if I do not sleep well I still feel a helluva lot better than I ever did waking up hungover. I can handle stress much better. Life can still get you down but a drink will never make it better... 
Check out the Saturday Share Stories in the sidebar. 
