-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hjkn9/advice_appreciated/

I honestly don't know if I'm an alcoholic. It feels like I sort of go through phases of it? Like I had a really big phase last year and my friends and I all saw the problem but after about 3 months of this I managed to stop and just have 2 drinks for a long time just at outings and sometimes getting drunk with friends but pretty rarely. ..I now feel like sometimes I'm in real control and others I have one and I just need more and more and more. So my question to you guys is: do you think I need to quit forever? Or should I just put some rules on it like only two drinks once a week or fortnight. I know I definitely need a break I'm going to try and go 30 days but it seems SO daunting. .I'm also sooo ashamed of this but I have a real problem with driving too... I know. I'm a fucking horrible excuse for a human being. I think another important factor in all this is my BPD - risky and impulsive behaviour is something I really struggle with. .I've become so disciplined in all other areas of my life but I can't seem to kick the drinks don't know if that says that I have a real problem or that it's just my only real vice at the moment(or the only one I have left).Anyway thank you for reading any advice would be appreciated at this point.. I figured this would be the best place to turn to about this issue I love this sub :) ..I will not drink with you today 
----------immediate responses--------

Just commenting on one part that stuck out to me - ..&gt; I know I definitely need a break I'm going to try and go 30 days but it seems SO daunting. ..I absolutely love burgers but if I wanted to take a break from burgers for 30 days it would not be a big deal. Not daunting. I think it being **daunting** to do it in regards to alcohol would indicate a pretty alarmingly problematic relationship with alcohol to me.
I wouldn't worry about the label 'alcoholic' it's not really a binary yes/no thing anyway.....The modern medical term is 'Alcohol Use Disorder' which comes in degrees of severity... there are self-assessment tools online you could have a look at if it might help you gain a better insight....The experience you describe is common and mental health issues and drinking or drug use can also be something of a chicken-and-egg scenario... Alcohol almost inevitably worsens any underlying conditions of that nature eventually though.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Understanding a bit about the science of the interaction between alcohol and the human brain was a big help!..Making 'rules' about drinking is something that most of us have probably tried at some time or another and it doesn't usually work for very long not to mention the fact that it's exhausting and unsatisfying.....Taking a complete break for a month or two to see how you feel at the end of it is a great start and could prove very enlightening.....Wishing you all the best with whatever you decide to do!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
Why does it matter what anyone else thinks? What do *you* think?
For me quitting has been easier than trying to moderate. 30 days might be easier than you think but you won't know unless you try. 
