-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hmyof/4_days_in_and_im_beginning_to_realize_this_is/

After coming home from a shit day at work all I wanted was a nice tall glass of craft beer as I was accustomed to after such a day. Folks I fought that temptation I am proud to say but damn was it a struggle.....Luckily my wife is very supportive and so we sat out of the back porch while I fucked around with my grill to keep my mind busy. I surfed the urges and went to bed at 9:30pm. Slept like shit still tossing and turning. ..I thought to myself if this is how it's like 3 days sober I jut hope it gets easier as days go on. ..This morning I am drinking coffee and Topo Chico (which is like a Lacroix drink for those who don't know) and contemplating going for a run. Let's do this face my addiction head on and work my way towards a clean and sober life!
----------immediate responses--------

I love your excitement about this! I'm 2 weeks in and my mind is finally starting to clear a little bit I woke up for the first time today with a little bit of hope. My circumstances are still shit but I kind of feel like maybe I can work on them today. I'm glad that you have your wife rooting for you through this and well done getting through a tough evening! IWNDWYT 
Day 3-4 can definitely be hard that's like peak withdrawal territory.....It definitely does get easier and it won't always be as hard as it feels right now... I bet in another week or two you'll be feeling a lot better.....Keep your eye on the prize!!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Day 4 can be the toughest one to get past. I'm with Woody keep an eye on the long-term goal do anything legal and moral to distract yourself :-)- but don't drink. Wishing you strength today!
It got easier for me especially after 30 days. To be fair it got more difficult again in my second year sober because my brain forgot how terrible drinking was but it's been a different kind of difficult. A more distant kind of difficult that is quite manageable by going to meetings. :)
Not going to lie the first few weeks are tough. I would feel great then have a bad day and wonder why the hell I was doing this. It's a slow process but it does get better. Don't expect miracles overnight. Good luck and welcome. 
Day four is why I saw a lot of day ones. It was always the hump to get past. Not wanting to crawl past day 4 again is a part of why I'm sober.
Day 4 was my hardest day and once I busted through it there was never another day as tough. Not one. You're doing the hardest part and then you never have to do it again. Period. You are doing everything you need to be doing and you're almost out of the darkest part of the woods! It's good news and you're rocking it. Head on. 
Hang in there you got this!
Day 5 is where the clouds started to lift for me.  First four days weren't very fun.  Hang in there.  You're getting into the good territory
It does get easier. You have to do it every day that's the hard part but it does get easier...Thanks Bojack
You're doing great - way to surf the urge!  The more times I did that the easier it became.  Eating something sweet or cracking open some ice cold sparkling water when I wanted a beer also helped overcome the demon.  It does get easier - you're in the crux of the fight.  Hang in there!  Sobriety ain't perfect but it's so much better than being obsessed with drinking and living through all of its shitty side effects.
Hey. I'm you in four days...Wednesday I wanted a gin...Thursday I wanted a beer...Friday I wanted a wine...Saturday I wanted a beer a gin and a wine...Today I'm so so so happy I didn't answer the call...Think of it this way: if you drink now you're robbing your tomorrow self of the choice to go a week without.
The worst 2\-3 weeks were bad as far as lack of sleep and craving went. Stay strong! IWNDWYT.
Day four has always been my hardest day too. Usually because I try to stop on a Monday and then the weekend starts approaching. I recently went to the doctor and told him frankly about my drinking and my concerns and he prescribed em naltrexone asked me to go to counseling and asked me to go a month without drinking which I'm currently 7 days into. The naltrexone has a really helped and trying to make it a month based off a doctors recommendation has kept me from slipping this time. You can do it! 
Yea that first week can be a load of "poo".  Fortunately  you married well and she is supportive of you and your soberity.  Keep up the good work I will not drink with you today!
Almost over the hump bud. It will get easier soon. Yoir addiction is dying that's why it's trying so hard to lure you back. Don't give in.
I'm new here and 3\-4 days is about how long I've been able to go on my own trying to 'slow down' my drinking. ..Also years ago I had to give up sodas. Diet Coke in particular. I was drinking 4\-6 cans a day and something in soda was wrecking my skin. I would get huge boils and tons of acne. I couldn't figure out what it was so did an "elimination" diet and discovered it was soda. ..It took me 2 years to stop drinking soda. And I bring this up because one of the things I've experienced with trying to cut out alcohol is very similar to when I was trying to cut out soda \(which BTW I don't drink anymore at all. One soda and I get a boil not worth it. Plus it tastes gross now.\) I could go 3\-4 days and white knuckle through. After that I couldn't hang on anymore...\- The first few days I still could remember the bad part about drinking soda/drinking alcohol. So I could use that to remind me why I decided not to. 3\-4 days out it was far enough behind me that the negative wasn't so strong anymore. ..\- Soda had been engrained in my habits since I was a kid \(grew up with Tab Diet Coke Sprite\) and when the negative was no longer strong in my memory I would default to deeply engraved habits which included having diet coke. ..\- Nothing nothing nothing tasted as good as soda. Nothing. After a few days I so much wanted that taste. ..\- When I was drinking diet coke I didn't drink much alcohol \- maybe once a week as something special. Now wine and beer and sometimes mixed drinks has become my "normal" the way diet coke was years ago. Things that are normal I can give up for a few days but my will is only so strong against normality and habit. ..This pattern is repeating with my efforts to drink less. I really don't want to admit that I can't have it at all \- just like soda I love the taste of wine \(red only please!\) and beer \(Pilsner and reds only please!\) so a lot of my journey with this and perhaps you might have a similar experience is to go through the grieving process of letting go of something so important to me. I can be strong for 3\-4 days but after that I start to mourn. I don't want to mourn I'd rather have it back. I don't want to say goodbye to my cabs and my malbecs and my sangioveses. The big question is whether I can have a healthy relationship with them and after 3\-4 days or a week I want them back like a boyfriend in a bad relationship :\(..After reading a lot of the stories here and based on my personal experiences 1\-3 months is where the turning point is and it starts to get easier. Not coincidentally that's also around the same time it takes to grieve a loss and come to acceptance of the new normal. 
Hey friend some days are more difficult than others and it's on those difficult days that it's easy to think "hell if this is how it's going to be I might as well keep drinking." But this isn't the way it will always be. You might get traction soon or somewhere down the road but 168 days in I can say it's not a regularly struggle. Most days I don't even think about drinking. And as the local pub outdoor patios around my house have started filling up on these beautiful Portland days I have thought "wouldn't it be nice..." but it's really not much more than that. I remind myself that it wouldn't be "nice" at all it would be shit. Nice would be sitting out in the sun with a book on one of those patios and having 1 or maybe 2 beers. But that's not what I want. I want 4-5 and then another 2-3 on my back porch and then to start the whole thing over the next afternoon. But I don't really WANT that anymore I want the full life that comes with NOT doing that. ..I don't know what my next few months hold in terms of struggle but the hard fought victories in the early days are totally worth it and it gets a whole lot easier! Press on lean in. 
