-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hu4d3/i_had_been_hiding_my_alcoholic_past_from_my_dream/

This job is amazing but it's in the music industry so I'm sure I don't have to say much more about the alcohol that's around. Further I really have all my skills as a human being surrounding this job... I simply can't just go do something else (well nothing that will support me both financially as good as this and be something I actually want to do). Plus I can think of very few jobs where you aren't around alcohol at least some of the time. I've wanted to do this job since before I started college seriously this is something I've dreamed about doing for so so long. ..Well I figured that since now I'm generally "happy" compared to generally miserable in the past that perhaps I would be different when I drank now. Nope. I had a day off and went by myself to a local bar and had a drink which led to a few more... I said some things loudly that some of the patrons didn't like and I didn't take it well when I was asked to leave. Now I screwed up ROYALLY by name dropping my friends. Well in the end they ended up picking me up and taking me home and I was still quite frazzled by the experience ranting about it to them...Long story short if I didn't have my specific skill set and hadn't contributed SO much to this team they told me I would be fired. They told me they basically wanted to smack me right there for compromising their years of hard work and reputation. Most jobs would fire you for this even though it didn't happen on company property they said. ..So it's out in the open. Everyone I work with has seen how I am when I drink now or at least heard. I honestly wanted to tell them earlier but I just feared loss of this opportunity and hadn't really proved myself at that point as an asset to the company/team/bands until now. ..So I'm not off the team/out of the job. But I can never pick up another drink in or outside of my job. Help me please! Help!
----------immediate responses--------

Damn that sucks.  It's amazing how a night of "fun" can really wreck shit.  Nothing to be done for it really but make yourself a little prouder every day by not drinking.  It takes time to rebuild a reputation but it's possible.  You can do this!
They have seen you at your worst now show them your best! 
Well it seems you have been given another chance which is great! So this is an opportunity for you to prove to yourself and them you can do it! Now you know that it doesnt matter if youre happy or sad the alcohol will not lose its grip on you. Its a big learning process and I would say you can see this as a big lesson for yourself and turn it into a possitive direction :) 
