-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hwo0t/serial_relapser_and_frustrated_wmyself/

This sobriety journey started a little over a year ago. I have stints of sobriety and then I don't. This time the relapse is ~3 weeks and I'm  having a hard time getting myself together. I feel like I need a change of scenery and some time away from work but I'm not sure what that looks like.  Anyway I'll keep trying. My goal is not to drunk today. .
----------immediate responses--------

This is me. I'm on day 2 of my most recent run at sobriety. It's tough. I've been trying on and off since January. ..Hang in there. Coming here helps me so much plus the live chat does too. ..You can do this. I will not drink with you today. 
What goes through your mind before you relapse? 
welcome back   Have you tried Smart or AA or any of the others?..Does your work have an EAP? - it's possible they will provide help upto and including rehab (but of course all the skeletons have to come out of the closet)..Thing is it takes doing things we don't want to do - or at least it did for me.....And yes it does get harder to come back - maybe the best reason to do everything to make this one work....
Day two here too. Iwndwyt. 
I physically moved to California two years ago for a fresh start including nixing the torrid affair with alcohol.  Life is going well things are really good.  One of my closest friends moved here (yay!) but I revert to old drinking behavior.  I hold out but then I'm overcome with nostalgia and I start indulging. I've built up a good toolkit over the past year (e.g. LifeRing therapy acomprosate Living Sober AA book podcasts Reddit DayBreak etc) but I'm blinded at times! Over the past few weeks it's all been eroding. No mind over matter here! .It's weird...I didn't consider myself a binge drinker bc I was a daily drinker but it seems now the pattern is developing into binging.  RED FLAG!  I know I need to nip this now before I completely spin.  Saying "NO" to one is the only option.  I need to say "No" to the wine &amp; food festival "No" to drinking sparkling water at local wineries and with dinner. ..I just need to pull through the next 1 2 3 days...that initial hump..Thanks all for the encouragement!  
This is day 2 for me as well.  Hang in there we are here with you on this journey! I will not drink with you today.
Meeting makers make it!!! This has worked for me when my others solutions didn't. Sacrificing an hour of my day to put my butt in a chair keeps me sober. I don't always enjoy going but taking one hour out of my day to ensure my soberiety is worth it to me. Is it worth it you?
I live in the Bay Area too and damn it's hard. So. Much. Wine...I'm actually researching Bay Area support groups and trying to think of ways to keep sobriety sustainable around here. Right now the only items on my list are sleep and not leave my house eep...I'm rooting for you and IWNDWYT...
What helped for me was to make a plan for when the cravings hit... for me that looked like lots of decadent treats \(ice cream candy etc\) a playlist ready for the gym/hike outside Netflix series ready to bingewatch and a sober friend on the ready to hang out with...I also read a ton of books about/by people getting sober: Naked Mind Wishful Drinking Dry Drinking: A Love Story.....But the main thing was just as you said: keep trying. Keep going. It's worth it and you can do it. I'm here with you! And I will not drink with you today :\)
