-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8i2bp2/want_to_know_what_my_rock_bottom_was/

Well it was cinco de mayo and the day after I woke up naked next to my friends girlfriend (we were both in a relationship).  Better yet her boyfriend found us passed out and apparently there's a video of the ordeal...I don't know what to do.  Never in my life would I think I would be that person.  I know who I am and that's not it.  That's so bad that even those who know me have to second guess it now I never want that to happen again...That same morning I called my girlfriend and had her come over so I could come clean.  She stormed off (of course) and I set up an appointment with a counselor and started looking for meetings...I guess the worst part is that I can't answer any questions they have.  I wish I could but I just don't remember a thing.  People black in and out apparently I didn't.  One moment I'm somewhere the next moment I was there...I've had struggles mentally for as long as I can remember.  The doctors say I'm depressed with anxiety &amp; bi-polar tendencies.  I tend to agree.  This situation scares me for my well being.  That's why I'm here...I found this subreddit and now I'm here.  I'm going to be bugging the hell out of everyone because I don't think I'll find much more support around here any longer.  Whats the phrase "you made your bed now lay in it?" I get it...Lets just hope I can tackle this...
----------immediate responses--------

I can empathize with your situation. I have messed up my relationship with my ex and former best friend while intoxicated and behaving in way that I never thought I was capable of. I'm sorry that you are going through this and I sincerely hope that some positive can come of it eventually. 
I can empathize too and have been in very similar situations.  Try not to beat yourself up over it. I do think something VERY positive can come from this!
The good news is that you never have to feel that way ever again if you don't want to. I've been there and can totally relate. It's terrible. I made a choice to never go back. Feel free to join me! 
I'm sorry to hear about what you've been going through.....I think probably all of us here will have done deeply regrettable things while under the influence that we'd never dream of doing sober so you'll find no judgement here.....&gt;The doctors say I'm depressed with anxiety &amp; bi-polar tendencies. I tend to agree..Long-term alcohol abuse can actually *cause* that sort of thing... were you like that before you started drinking? Have you been honest with the doctors about your drinking? Either way you might well find that it improves markedly with sustained abstinence and the right sort of treatment... I did.....Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
There are a lot of cool things about being sober but for me one of them was putting enough time and distance between myself and some of my rock bottom choices to start forgiving myself. I look back on some situations I put myself in while drinking and they're still pretty cringe-y but I don't hate myself for them anymore. I absolutely %100 am NOT saying you should be full of self-loathing right now but I know from first-hand experience that hangovers amplify those negative self thoughts. You're worthy of some self-love and with a few weeks under your belt you'll have the clarity to realize that. Welcome to SD I won't drink with you today friend :)
The biggest struggle is to convince those who I love that I'm telling the truth.  My entire credibility has been tarnished. And I get it but years are ruined by one night...I just don't know what to do. 
This might sound weird- but as I was going through my beginning I was reading a lot on alcohol and  spirits  and why they are called spirits. Like- when we black out something else gets in us and we do things we would never ever do. Look up on it- it's a trip. 
I'm glad we're here to help. I'm sure there are meetings in your area and if you're in an urban centre like I am may I suggest you try a few different ones? Each meeting is different with a different style and often a different format. I tried 20 or so before I settled on one. ..Good luck! IWNDWYT
It takes a lot just to admit you were wrong and have a problem. It takes even more to change some things around and to do something about it! You can do it man! Keep your head up stay focused and just keep moving forward! Just take it one day at a time it gets better. IWNDWYT my friend! 
[removed]
I've been there... almost same situation. Don't get too down though just do better for yourself. You got this 
You can do it man. Anything you set your mind to is possible. You've identified the cancer. Now work on cutting it out. ..Fresh start. Let's go. 
Oh if I could turn back time!  But I can't all I can do is make myself a better person now.  Get sober and make yourself the best person you can be for you!  In time people will see you aren't that same person that you were on that night drunk.  For me getting sober allowed me to never have to worry about making a mistake like that again.  Sometimes it takes a bad experience to motivate a positive change.  In some ways I'm happy for my rock bottom because now Sober I'm proud of my life.  I'm wishing you all the best! 
For the record the nonconsensual taping of sex partners (if the people have a reasonable expectation of privacy) is a crime. I understand that what you did sucks for your friend (and honestly for everyone) but you still have legal rights. ..If it's true that you made your bed you don't have to lie in it forever. Consider this a moment of growth as you come to terms with your actions and don't fall into a cycle of shame and guilt. You might talk to r/relationships to see what they think about making amends with your friend at some point in the future. Regardless it's a good opportunity to sort out your mental health needs and how to cope with anxiety and depression and stop drinking for now. I did a week-long detox and I liked it so much that I kept going and I have six months now. I will not drink with you today :) 
I'm so sorry this happened to you. I found myself in a similar situation (blacked out and blacked in naked with someone who wasn't my boyfriend). It's terrible to not remember why your physical body did this. The shame and regret is off the charts. I literally don't have memory of it so I will never really know why...I just know I don't want to feel this way again and we don't have to. I don't want to black out ever again. From someone who's been there and empathizes - welcome and IWNDWYT.
Oh how I can relate to this story. Ugly. .The trouble with rock bottom there is a trap door. .You can't change the past but you can direct your future. .Being sober for a day is a GREAT start. .You will see clearly in a couple of days. .What helped  me over 500 days ago was to come here.  I'd read often and started to post. .I realized my story was no more tragic than anyone else's here. Some were worse some seemed less. .Alcohol just plain ruins lives. Mine and everyone around me. ..Time (sober time) heals all wounds. .Give it time. .Keep us posted. .You got this.  
I'm glad you found your way here you'll find a lot of support for quitting drinking. 
You can do this! Post here as often as necessary. I was on here constantly the first couple months. I believe in you  
Yup. I quit drinking because I was tired of wondering what I did while blacked out. Luckily ? I drank alone mostly so my damage was limited to texts and emails but I can relate to what you are feeling. When I encounter a person from my past that I was mean to I apologize and move the fuck on. My thinking is that people do dumb annoying shit when they are drunk. I was drunk I apologized and it's up to them if they want to never talk to me again. I like to think that my sober life out weighs my drunk mistakes but that decision is still theirs to make. I won't beat my self up anymore after being sober for 9 months. I'm so glad that alcohol is not part of my life anymore because I never have to be this pathetic person who apologizes profusely the day after a drunken episode. Vow to be sober OP apologize and lead a respectable life that is all you can do. 
This may sound 'mean' but honestly lets hope this is your rock bottom.  You can recover from this.  I have had moments for sure that I am not proud of but it can all turn around if I continue to work on it.  I use a lot of the tools that I have learned here play it forward is my fav.  Do your research read write I had to learn to actually like myself again... It isn't the easiest thing in the world and depending on a lot of different factors there may be some isolation and deep reflection needed.  Keep going try some meetings \(a lot of people find them very helpful\) again for me reading and posting really helped a lot in the earlier days.  I found the first two weeks the hardest.  Good luck.  
Yep. You screwed up. BUT  feelings were really hurt..no one was killed. Youre not in jail or the hospital or the morgue. You never have to have this kind of experience again. Embarrassment and guilt will fade and you can retrieve your self respect and the respec of people you care about. IWNDWYT 
It will get better. I know how it feels to do things you never thought you'd do and destroy trust in your relationship\(s\) when you are blackout/out\-of\-control drunk. The self\-pity and self\-loathing will recede with more time and drinking would set that downward spiral into action all over again...You're not a bad person and though you may have made some big mistakes you deserve to recover. I'm glad that you're taking the actions you're taking already. Going to a doctor starting a recovery program getting involved here are huge steps! Stay strong and  I hope that as they see you making effort to change/grow your people give you a chance to rebuild the trust you feel you destroyed.
I'm very happy to be part of this community.  Thank you all.
Ooff. This hit me. Had a similar "awakening" this past weekend too. I hope you are able to forgive yourself. You deserve to be happy and feel trusted. I will not drink you today 
Yep you made a mistake significant in the right here right now context but in the who will remember in the future probably not that significant.  It's what you do from here that is important.  In my experience when I got tired of messing things up I knew I need to set some goals around the type of person i wanted to be then I set about becoming that person...it works.... for the most part....I still make mistakes....but I am more self aware when I do it....and absolutely not drunk....best wishes.....and welcome...not your finest hour but coming here was a fine decision....
