-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8i6bet/i_did_it_again/

I thought I was stronger than the alcohol and once again like many of you I was proven wrong. I got away from the little things. I got away from checking in on here. I got away from reading posts daily. I got away from wearing my daily totem as a reminder. I got away from working out from sleeping well from finding joys in the little things in life. ..It wasn't until last night at about 2 AM browsing r/suicidewatch and writing up a post on there begging for help before ultimately erasing it did the switch flip again. I'm not normally depressed. I don't normally feel this way. I only feel this way when I am drunk. I only get drunk because I'm bored. I'm only bored because I've fallen back into the same habits and relapsed. Why haven't I touched my guitar in a few months? Why haven't I worked out since February? Why don't I find joy from video games books seeing family and friends?..My pants are tighter and my bank account is lighter from the nights at the bar. Four captain and cokes two IPAs a large cheeseburger and a side of fries. $70 later I climb in my car and drive home lay in bed watching the same old thing on Netflix unable to sleep and browse Reddit until the wee hours of the morning before closing my eyes for a few hours and depriving myself of a good night's sleep before work the next day. Rinse and repeat. ..It's the alcohol. The switch is flipped and the light is back on. Today I'll order a salad for lunch instead of a steak sandwich. Today I'll go sign back up at the gym after work. Today I'll wear my totem again as a constant reminder that I'm stronger than a substance. .. What do we say to the God of Death? ..Not today.  ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Never today!.I won't drink with you 
You got this...Every day we don't drink we have a chance to make the world a better place...What helped me was to finally realize that I was powerless over alcohol. People here at SD said it but I resisted it. I don't like the thought of being powerless. But really I'm powerless over a giant boulder dropping on my head or a shark attack or an asteroid wiping out the Moon or the day my mother dies of old age or whether one of my kids gets cancer or many other things that life could bring. Alcohol is no different for me except at least I can avoid it. And that's a kind of power...Not today God of Death. We are not yours today.
I sometimes take a break from Reddit but I always like to come back and read these stories. It sucks to go back to the bottle but your story is an excellent reminder of how shitty it really is to drink. ..Good luck on the next try man. You're not the only one who's learning the hard way. 
We are all recovering. No such thing as perfect recovery. It's a journey. But for today we win because IWNDWYT 
Powerful thank you.  IWNDWYT 
I haven't worked out in a few days and it really worries me.  I'm so mentally exhausted though that it currently feels like I can't do anything...Get back on.  I just started you can come with me.  We** can do it.
I hear ya been there and done that. I will not drink today with you!
Thank you for sharing this. It's 9:30 a.m. and I'm thirsty....fuck alcohol! I will not drink with you today.
I'm only saying this because you offered it up willingly but please don't drink and drive. 
welcome back.
Wow nice work finding your way back here! It's not easy to get back in the recovery game but you're doing great so far!
yeah... I would constantly get bursts of these "Well I haven't drank in a few weeks so I must be able to handle myself now" thoughts...  I haven't drank since april 4th 2017 I can finally say that my brain realizes "you aren't magically better and you shouldn't drink 1 because then you'll drink 18"  However it took me many of years and many relapses before I got to this point.    ..Welcome back to sobriety friend I won't drink with you today
Thank you. I needed to hear this today.
Powerful words. I believe in you. IWNDWYT.
Welcome back. Don't feel ashamed. Feel proud. You are taking control. This is your life not some stupid drug's. ..IWNDWYT.
Same expect this last drop off the wagon I ended up with a sizable gash (7 stitches on my hand) and could have ruined my marriage. Think the scar is a good daily totem. Stay strong brotha 
Yes! Thanks for this.  .I will not drink with you today.
Today is day 1 for me after way too long of drinking. IWNDWYT. 
You don't have to do everything at once either. Get that stupid steak sandwich for lunch. You're not drinking you can handle the extra calories when you cut off 1200-1400 calories A DAY...Eat more of what you want focus on one thing (let's say the gym daily). That's it...You don't have to be a superhero and fix all these things at once (or ever even). Plenty of people here indulge in food because they save so many calories from drinking a liquorlanche of calories.
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)  Sounds like you got a good plan &amp; welcome back!! What is the totem?
You are me.....IWNDWYT    
You said you drove home after drinking 4 rum and cokes and 2 beers. I'm glad you weren't pulled over and arrested for driving under the influence.
I'm feeling a little gun shy as this is my first post ever on reddit. However I could totally relate to your struggles and felt compelled to thank you.... Thanks for having the courage to write this. Thanks for not giving up. Thanks for trying again. I don't know you but knowing that there are other people out there like me makes me feel less alone inspired to keep struggling forward one day one hour at a time. It will get easier...I will not drink with you today. 
Well it sounds like you know what you need to do to get back on track and it's good advice for someone like me as well. I admire your courage and insight.
When you're going through hell keep going. ..You can do this. We're with you on the same journey mate.
