-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8icoud/how_to_reconnect_with_my_partner/

I am sober now for 65 days. I am married with four kids.  My drinking ramped up over the last five years.  It caused a major rift in my marriage but we are still together. I did the usual stuff ruined events vacations etc.  .I am a good person but like many alcohol nearly ruined my life. I quit a million times but the last time something changed and I decided enough was enough...My so and me are getting on a lot better but we don't share the same room for example. I am looking for advice on how you guys got your relationship back in track? ..I know that my SO is scared about relapse etc but this time it has changed I changed for me. Thanks.  I know this is a massively complex question but just looking for first steps or simple hints on where to start unless you are Dr. Phil.  
----------immediate responses--------

Take on more responsibility. Fill your time with meaningful activities. Time with your kids a book a positive hobby. Be honest. Addiction often has to do with lying. First to ourselves and then to others. Telling the truth always even when it's painful will help restore your relationship. 
Actions spoke louder than words for me. By showing my boyfriend that I was committing to sobriety things started to improve between us. There is still trust issues sometimes it is said that the alcoholic recovers faster than than our loved ones. 
Takes time to rebuild trust. Actions speak louder than words. Actions without expectations. 
I can can relate with my relationship with my family. Past few months have been rough as the  sober light of day' really casts no shadows on everything in the relationship. When I was drinking  everything was fine' but in reality it was rotting away. Have they all forgiven me? No. Did I get the time back with my children? No...The difference is ... now I'm doing something about it. I'm actively looking for ways to improve it. Some aspects are past the point of no return and I can't go back in time. But I can TRY...Good luck. I found being sober was harder when I really accepted the truth of the situation. The lies alcohol sold to me were so much more convenient.
My relationship with my daughter is about the same as the last day I drank. ..The difference is that I have made amends. Daily. I just handle my problems in a better way. ..All we can do is clean up our side of the street. Whether they chose to accept the amends is on them. ..I know that I will die knowing that I did the right thing. They will live with the fact that they made a conscious decision to not accept that amends. ..I know this is not what you want to hear. You want to hear all the wonderful stories of reunification.  Of rainbows and fluffy unicorns. ..Our challenge in recovery is learning how not to relapse when this happens. I am still a sober alcoholic I will hopefully die an alcoholic in recovery. I have done my part. If I drink over this I won't have that to look forward to. ..Remember time takes time and everything happens in its own time. NOT OURS!!..Best of luck with your SO and kids. IWNDWYT 
My actions show my partner that I'm committed to sobriety this time. We broke up a couple of years ago for a couple of months due to my drinking and that still didn't stop me. I talk to him about my sobriety and he sees how much happier I am (he commented a few weeks ago that I'm much less whingey and vicious about other people). He had also said that he no longer really worries when I go out without him that I'll drink. ..It's hard to give advice but maybe talking about your sobriety journey together could help? And go out on a 'date' together spend some quality time with each other?
Just a thought but have you ever written a love letter to your wife? Not about drinking or how great she is for putting up with you or being a great mom or whatever but like...why you love her how you wish to care for her the beautiful things about her that make you want to be near her forever and share joy in a way you can only do with her. I think if I had grown apart from my partner a letter like that would expand my heart about eleven sizes and remind me of things that felt far away.
