-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ieu4o/relapse_after_2_years_yes_i_proved_that_i_am_an/

At first it was a few glasses of wine or spiked sparing water. It didnt take long until i needed more to get to that place where i wanted to be. Appearently its blackedout and stumbling...I have learned from it . Proved it to myself. Remembered how alcohol caused anxiety and depression after drinking. How bad hangovers feel..Also how bad my skin looked even from a small amount of alcohol . .    Back here for accountability and support.  Just for today I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome back ..IWNDWYT 
We all struggle and good for you for deciding to jump back on. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back!   No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch.   good job gettin' back onto the road... within    I will not drink with y'all today 
Thank you for posting about this. It's a great reminder for me.
Glad you're back - I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for your research and reporting back to us...Also welcome back buddy..
Welcome back!
Good job getting back here.  I worry that if I ever start again I may not stop.  I'm glad you're with us.  I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for posting and welcome back IWNDWYT 
Welcome back! IWNDWYT    
 Thanks. I Needed to hear this
[Use this link for all badge requests](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/)
Thanks for the warning.  Welcome back.  
I always try to remember how much drinking sucked. I think of all the hangovers and all the bad times so I'm not tempted to drink. Sometimes I need a reminder of what can happen and how bad it can be for me. 
Thanks for sharing! It sucks out there in the drinking world. I keep trying and thankfully coming back.
Thanks for the post.  I really needed hear this.  Frankly I've been feeling a bit smug and complacent about my progress recently and more than once I've caught myself thinking "who knows once I hit a year I could probably start light drinking again."   However we all know the reality would be different.   This was a great reminder.  IWNDWYT
Thanks for posting! I'm struck by how all of us need to hear this no matter how many days our badge has.
Welcome back!
Sorry to hear about the slip but it sounds like you definitely learned something from the experience. It's funny/scary to me how we end up right back where we left off when we last quit. The good thing is we don't have to go back there again if we don't want to. Got a plan for getting back on track? What are some things that helped you get sober before?
I mean if you only drink once every 844 days that's pretty sustainable health and social wise...Here's to 8 or 9 hundred more!
I'm sure it's hard to have slipped up a bit after 2 years - BUT - I think the key is how you moved forward. You're back on track right now is what matters. Nice work on the 21 days in!!!
I know how you feel. My badge is not entirely accurate but it is the mark of the day I decided to change my life for the better. I keep it to remind myself of how far I've come since then. 
Can you expand on the skin thing? What does it do to your skin? 
Welcome back and thank you so much for posting this. Glad you are back.
