-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ii5fa/thoughts_after_a_night_out/

I went out last night with a couple of friends. We went to a restaurant/bar. They got beers I got a craft soda. No questions about why I was not drinking beer and no pushiness for me to do so. More than anything they were more excited/interested in the Lavender Lemonade craft soda than their beers. It was a good evening and one in which I proved to myself that alcohol does not need to be in the mix for me to have fun! I feel like I need to keep reminding myself of this but I am a stubborn fucker. ..Driving home I opened the windows and actually enjoyed the drive! No worry about cops no hyper focus on the road and how I am driving so as to appear to not be drunk driving. I just enjoyed the drive. In fact I stopped at a light right next to a cop. The old me would have been shitting bricks and praying that I did not look 'too drunk' behind the wheel. Instead I reveled in the fact that I NEVER have to worry about that again! ..I was productive and got some chores done when I got home instead of doing what I used to do which was continuing to pour as much of that poison down my gullet as possible before passing out. ..Got to sleep at a decent hour and slept like shit due to my back hurting and allergies. However even shitty sober sleep is better than passed out from booze sleep and waking up at 3am with a pounding headache crippling anxiety &amp; depression and a stomach doing loops. ..Honestly I am not really sure why I wrote this other than to say: I am thankful. ..Thankful to this group for helping me to stay sober. Thankful that I have good friends that are allies in my sobriety. Thankful for the little things most people take for granted like driving home sober. Believe it or not I am even thankful that I have relapsed in the past. It has been an evening here or there but without those foolish evenings I would not have been able to prove to myself that moderation is NOT an option and that staying sober means only having to say no to that first drink. One drink is easy to turn down. As long as we do that we all succeed! ..Have a great upcoming weekend SD Community! IWNDWYT (or this weekend)!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! You are very wise! Your post tells of so many bonuses to the choices we make! IWNDWYT!
And thankful to you! You got yourself here congratulations!! 
&gt;I NEVER have to worry about that again! ..This is one of my favorite things about not drinking...Congrats on your 1 month star!..IWNDWYT
Firsts are the best. I thought that drinking was such a key ingredient on a night out.  Now I realize that it's not.  Being sober being present and observing what alcohol does to others is such an eye opener!! Iwndwyt 
That is great!! Nights out like that can end up being so rewarding. Realizing that it is possible to not drink and still enjoy others company. And I LOVE coming home and actually being able to get things done! Not just drink more and pass out. Feel so good   congratulations!!
