-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8imk9o/600_days_and_i_got_a_job/

Oh man it's been a rough journey. After many months of unemployment and a boredom and depression that brought my cravings back stronger than I was ready for I have a job! It's not my dream job (or even really a job that I want) but I was losing my mind sitting at home all day. I knew if I didn't do *something* to get myself back on my feet I would have relapsed and then I wouldn't have been able to get *any* job...So here I am employed and 600 days sober! Like isn't perfect but when is it ever? I'm much happier healthier and stable. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

   .Nice!!!.IWNDWYT 
Way to go ! 600 days is amazing. Getting a job will build your confidence even more to find a better one ! .. IWNDWYT 
That's great news...I was unemployed for a long long time years back in the 90's \(in the UK under a welfare state\) and I'm certain 100&amp;#37; certain that any real job is better than no job. Among other things having a job makes you much much more likely to be able to get another job...I will not drink with you today!
That is such good news - I am really happy for you having been long-term unemployed a couple of times I know how it absolutely corrodes the spirit. Sounds like you really have your priorities sorted and that you are really seeing some great positives from being sober. 600 days is utterly awesome! Wishing all the best for you in the new chapter xxx.
You definitely defeated a demon right there friend. You could have held out longer hoping for a job more suited for you but you realized that without  more routine in your life you might succumb to the temptations of alcohol. Give yourself a great reward for this decision. I could totally see myself saying "I deserve a better job than this. Fuck it. I'll wait for something better even though I'm bored as hell." Guarenteed I would soon turn to the drink. So  probably would you. You've inspired me actually to not be complacent. Accept the gifts "God" has put infront of us and stop trying to micromanage everything. I don't know but this post really hit me. Thanks OP and good luck with everything.
I took off about a year from work due to ill health. During that time I rethought early retirement. Not working sucks in so many ways..Congrats on the job. 
Congrats!!
im delighted for you.. well done 
Awesome! Congratulations on 600 and the new job!
Congrats on staying strong through a very stressful time in your life. Boredom sucks as the saying goes the devil finds work for idle hands. Well done on making 600 as well! 
Congratulations!!   
Congratulations on the job and on 600days!!! I will not drink with you today.
Great job!! (No pun intended)
[Highest of Fives](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) my friend
Awesome! Congrats!
That's really great news well done on the job and congratulations on the 600!
Congrats! You are an inspiration.
Respect bro! Iwndwyt!
Such a spot on realization. Thanks for posting and congratulations! Just because we may work somewhere less than ideal doesn't mean we'll work there forever!
Great news! Iwndwyt
