-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iodfd/first_post/

Hello to everyone on this incredible forum. ..Like lots of people on here I'm sure I feel very scared to write this. I lurked on this forum constantly about two months ago during which time I quit drinking for around twenty days before it all collapsed. The community here is the one of the most special things I think I've ever seen and I'm grateful for everyone out here doing what they do.  ..I'm here because I know deep down in my heart that I have a very big drinking problem. I have tried my best to ignore it for as long as I possibly could as I work in the drinks trade \(I am in fact sat within a wall of beer at work right now\) but I am a problem drinker and there is no way for me to hide from it anymore. ..Drinking has been a very prominent part of my life for as long as I can remember. My dad passed away in my teens due to alcoholism. He was never really seen without a drink although I never really considered that unusual as it was all I had known for him and we spent many a happy weekend\-afternoon running around beer gardens as children. My mum drinks pretty much daily not heavily by any stretch of the imagination but a drink at the end of a long day has been burned into my cranium as the adult treat that everyone gets to enjoy. As a teenager I started drinking relatively heavily with friends as we navigated the new pastures of being able to get past the bouncers guarding the doors of the bars and clubs in town. It was fun then and not being able to recall the events of the previous evening was part and parcel of the experience I thought. I noticed others not wanting to play as hard as I did but I thought they had low tolerances and I wore my own high tolerance like a badge of honour. As I entered my twenties I continued to be the last girl standing even if I was staggering more than standing. I started working in bars when I was in my late twenties and arriving so late to the industry game meant that I had a lot of catching up to do. Free post\-shift drinks were a starter pistol and I walked home as the sun came up more often than I care to remember and often I couldn't. ..Whilst working in bars I met the love of my life. We were both in other relationships at the time but when we talked and got to know each other we fell more deeply in love than I had ever considered possible. Naturally this brought an end to both of our relationships and we embarked on a love affair that has brought me joy beyond my wildest dreams. For better or for worse though we are both big drinkers who love nothing more than unwinding with a beautiful beer. When drinking together is good we have the time of our lives laughing and joking and making love and seeing the world through rose\-tinted glasses. When bad we fight and scream until we're blue in the face and awake the next morning hungover and regretful. ..I know in my heart that most of our drinking\-related problems are caused by my inability to stop once I have started. More than that I become deeply insecure when drunk and lash out at him because of a deep\-seated fear that he will walk away from me. The irony of drinking myself into oblivion and then verbally attacking my true love or at the very least needing him to walk me home as I weigh heavy on his arm so that he *doesn't* leave me isn't lost. I think often about the lust for life I gave him when I handed him my heart and then about the shattering disappointment he must feel now that he finds himself with a girl who sold him a lie. Because when we fell in love we stayed up until dawn drinking but that was supposed to end. We were supposed to build a life together and clean up our act and whilst he does everything he can to live a clean and healthy life he is brought back down by me and my insatiable thirst. I am his enabler and all I ever wanted to do was nurture him; like pouring a pint of beer on a houseplant then stubbing a cigarette end out in the soil...Last night we met up for drinks after a very stressful day. My boy has gone away today for the weekend so goodbye drinks seemed like the perfect way to spend the evening. With empty stomachs we charged forth which lead to heated bickering and soon arguing. Bowing under the weight of the day's earlier struggles I turned to my glass instead of my boy for comfort. I soon lapped him and when his frustrations rightly got the better of him he stood up to leave. Four or five pints had unshackled my inhibitions and I grabbed him and flailed at him and tried to stop him from walking away. He pushed me off and because I had drank so much I fell to the floor and into a group of people. He left and I cried on the shoulder of a person with a face I can't recall. I stumbled off on a fifteen minute walk that must have taken thirty and when a car drove by and offered to take me home I did the stupidest thing I have ever done and got in. When I woke up I knew I was technically safe and unharmed despite not recalling much of anything since I had fallen. I have done this enough to know how to reassure myself. My things were there my keys and my clothes I checked my body for bruises but I don't know how to check how much damage I did to my soul or how to check my boy's heart so that I can see for myself that there's no crack down the centre because of me. ..Still slightly drunk we argue. Even now in the late afternoon my recollection of the morning is hazy. I've long suffered with checking behaviours related to OCD and although therapy has helped to curb them enduring blackouts as often as I do wreaks havoc on my mental health. I fill in all the black spots in my memory with wild overly\-imaginative sometimes laughable often terrifying scenarios. As my boy packed his bags for the trip we found a way to make up and have both vowed to end this once and for all. Although I would instantly take back last night if I could a part of me is grateful that it happened because if that's my wake\-up call then I will consider myself to have gotten off lightly. ..An AA meeting takes place in a few hours right around the corner and I am mustering up the courage to attend. I'm scared and I might not go today but that's okay because I can and will go when I am ready. With my boy away I plan on going to my mums for a couple of nights and taking solace in the comfort of home and when he gets back on Monday we can start our sober life together...Thank you for reading this and IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

You've made a great decision for yourself to be honest and confront yourself on this thing that's enslaved you for so long.  I'm with you and have been dealing with basically the same background.  Alcohol enslaves us and that is a terrible thing to live with.  You can beat it.  I've struggled really bad at first but it's getting easier and the cravings are getting easier to deal with.  This site has really wonderful people on here who have supported me on this ride and they'll support you as well.  Get your resolve to deny alcohol no matter what.  Get advice from the people on this site.  I don't really know what else to say.  I will not drink alone or with anybody else today.
[removed]
Good luck and be easy on yourself. Take it one day at a time. I bet your boyfriend is worth it I bet your relationship is worth it and I know you are worth it. 
