-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8istm0/the_toughest_week_yet/

First off...78 days! Woo!..Now then...I knew this past week was coming for quite a while and that it would be tough. Normally this week is a cause for nothing but celebration and good times and no worries at all. But my old problem has much deeper and longer-lasting consequences than I even considered when getting rid of it...Vacation has been awesome but it's been tough. Every day our family has joined three others and relaxed on the white sands next to the ocean. The kids played the ocean lulled and waved and the adults drank and relaxed. During the day it wasn't actually that tough for me to avoid tempations or old ways. I buried my nose in several books finished a couple and played with my kids quite a bit. It was actually awesome!..The nights were tough though. After the kids were in bed and the ocean waves crashed through dark and starry nights my wife and I would hang out with our friends where much drinking laughing and talking would take place. I managed to abstain every single night though and now I'm sitting here on the last night talking to you...We made the decision to have pizza and drinks on the beach tonight to celebrate our last evening here. After the pizza arrived and everyone started tucking in the kids went off to play and the adults sat around again drinking laughing having fun in general. For some reason I found myself really really struggling with the temptation to join in ALL of the activities on this last night...but instead I excused myself and am sitting on the porch of our condo now overlooking the beach and watching everyone else relax...I don't feel like anyone should feel sorry for me at all though. I know this is all my fault and I'm still dealing with some of the fallout from my mistakes and bad choices. It's no one else's fault that I finally hit a point that I couldn't be around it for a while. I'm sitting here realizing how blessed I am with all that is around me and all that I've been entrusted to care for. I've got a lot of good in my life and I need to keep on this road to finally enjoy it fully to receive all it's willing to show me. ..So 78 days and more to come! IWNDWYT or tomorrow and on and on and on! Thanks for being an ear to bend at times like this!
----------immediate responses--------

You showed great restraint.  The beach always makes me want to drink.  I think all your future temptations will pale compared to this...IWNDWYT
I'm right at 77 days. Having a tough week too but IWNDWYT 
Good for you. I don't think I'd be that strong. 
Congratulations! The day part of your vacation sounds great but the evenings sound horrible...Last weekend I stayed home from a family outing - a trip to Chicago with all our adult kids - because my family loves their wine really a lot. A couple of family members know a lot about wine and pretty much fetishize it. I just wasn't in the mood to sit through that...So I don't know what I'll do about this in the future because my fam isn't going to change. But you know what? I'm not going to waste too many hours of my life gritting my teeth through booze occasions...IWNDWYT 
Well done ! 
Playing the tape forward in a positive you will have beautiful memories of this sober holiday  
