-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iwx2t/it_now_takes_me_a_full_week_to_fully_recover_from/

TL;DR version: My body's ability to recover from benders has degraded and now takes about a week. I avoided temptation last night and feel great but I might "have to" drink tonight out of politeness. After tonight I'm committing to a sober remainder of May...Hey guys this is my first post on here and I just want to say that I'm inspired by the support and encouragement this community gives its members. I'm sitting here on a Saturday not hungover and feeling appreciative. This post might be a little long but I need to vent because I haven't been able to confide in anyone about this...I just turned 28 and I've been a binge drinker since 21. On a quick side note it's very interesting to note the different types of drinkers on here. Some people struggle to make it a few days but don't take it to the extreme when they drink. As for me I have no problem going a week even two but once I decide to drink it becomes an all day/night affair and my body is becoming less and less able to handle it. ..Up until a few years ago I could put myself through the ringer for an entire day and crush 15+ beers and only need the day after to recover. My body turned a corner about three years ago though. I had just returned from living in Prague for a couple years which where I think I officially became a full-fledged alcoholic. This was only exacerbated when I returned to the States and got a job that involved being around the local Russian community. At least once a week I'd meet up with some of them and just polish off bottles of vodka like it was nothing. A lot of stupid shit happened during this time and I even hurt myself a couple times. I think this stage of my life caused irreversible damage to the mechanisms that filter out alcohol in my body...I made the choice to cut back last weekend but before that I was still getting fucked about once a week. I noticed that it takes me a full seven days to get back to normal. It affects my sleeping patterns the most. I'll have strange and sometimes terrifying dreams for the first five days tossing and turning and waking up scared. After the seventh day I'll finally feel normal and my body tells me "Let's get back at it again!" In other words I am almost NEVER 100%..I managed to resist the urge last night and I'm sitting here feeling great but I have another challenge on deck for tonight. Got invited out to a BYOB Chinese restaurant and I have a feeling the lady who invited me is gonna buy beer for me because she knows I love it. This might sound like a cop out to some of you but if she does I'm not going to decline. It'll be perceived as rude if I do because no one else is gonna drink it. The challenge will be to limit myself to three beers max. She might not bring any though so we'll see. Regardless of what happens tonight I'm committing to remaining sober for the rest of the month. ..Sorry for the long and kinda unorganized post. I've been meaning to let this all out for a while. Thanks for reading if you made it this far. .
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Google kindling. That is what happened to me. Sounds like you too. Scary! I was like you - weekend binge drinker.  I tried moderating for YEARS but it never worked. I could do it sometimes (but honestly didn't enjoy it - I like getting drunk not drinking moderately) and this always lulled me into a false sense of security leading me to think I had it under control and to binge the next time two weekends later etc...it's easier for me to stop completely. Not feeling like shit 5 out of seven days of the week is pretty great.
Glad you're here.  Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
I can say what I am going to say because I have a self conferred Ph.D in rationalization.  It's not a cop out - its all the cops having a police picnic. .."Why thanks a lot but not tonight." That's rude?  ..'No one else is going to drink it' - and that will alter the orbit of the earth and plunge it into the sun? I missed that in physics lab...I will tell you rude:    getting drunk is rude.  ..Getting drunk and puking pissing blacking out is ruder.  ..Not showing up for work for three days while you recover - rude...Getting drunk and wondering why  she has blocked your number or having to ask the correction officer why you are handcuffed to the stretcher that's rudest.....
Takes me 5 days to recover.  Insanity to do this to yourself really.
A few people have mentioned kindling which would probably be good to investigate:..https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative%E2%80%93hypnotic_withdrawal)
