-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iyo9u/not_as_bad/

I haven't had a drink in 33 days. I'm pretty proud of that. I've tried once before a couple years ago and made it over 90 days before I started again. I maintain a mostly functional life I don't drink at work or important events where sobriety is required I have money in the bank a car that runs etc. but I basically bombed things so bad with my friends and girlfriend that I had to move back home with my parents. I cheated on my girlfriend multiple times while I was drinking and a lot of my old friends jumped ship on me because of it. I got a DUI a couple years ago. Before that I was basically homeless for two years before I got a windfall and was able to move into my own apartment...It's difficult for me to have just one drink or just keep my drinking to a moderate level. I have to go all out when I know I'm going to be drinking...The problem here is that I know I can't blame my behavior on just my drinking but I can't but feel as though I wouldn't have cheated or done any of the other stupid stuff I did if I wasn't drinking...Does anybody else feel that way? Is that valid? Because so often when I talk to my friends who have stuck by me through this I'm often told that it's other issues I have \(not untrue\) and it's not my drinking I should focus on. ..There's a conflict inside me where one side says "You're fine with the drinking. Get help for your fidelity issues" and the other side says "You wasted three to four years of your life drinking and cheating on your partners you can't even have one sip". ..I guess in essence I'm frustrated because the only advice I seem to get is that my drinking isn't "bad enough" to warrant any corrective action...I'm pretty confused and I just need to hear some affirmative words from people who are struggling with this too and know the pain of doing things you can't take back when they were drinking...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

When I began to worry that drinking was a problem it was a problem for a long time. And the problem only got worse.  Stopping drinking makes me stronger so I can improve in other areas of my life as well.
Rule number one: best not to compare one's drinking to any one else's because there's always going to be someone worse off than ourselves so we could literally drink forever chasing the one who's worse off until we reach the end of this mortal coil. So  not as bad  seems weightless. I would throw that piece of advice to the curb...I was told the same thing by a person in A.A. no less and was quite taken back by it. If I feel I'm not my best that's all that matters and I most definitely am not my best while drinking every single day...I started looking at things differently: instead of searching for the always changing rock bottom I was looking at my once best and my once best was long long gone. I mean I am half the person I used to be and I'm responsible for three little kids now so that won't due. ..My point is: if YOU feel as though you have a problem with alcohol then that's all you need my friend. We will be here to help you. And I highly recommend an IRL community of some sort as well whether it be a medical doctor therapist or group of some sort. Just someone you can count on when you think you need someone to talk to about drinking. Because it's a daily struggle. It's a worthwhile one but it's daily...It's your choice. But should you decide to not drink for today I'll join ya. I'll join ya tomorrow too. And maybe the next day but I'm going about this one day at a time for now...Good luck to you my friend.
Oh and yes the cheating and what your friends have suggested that's a part of sobriety. Truth and overcoming the lies etc. being sober isn't only about giving up alcohol. Or so I'm being told by my therapist! It's a way of living. So they are partly correct. Living sober is more than not downing a bottle of wine every night (moi). I'm working on all of this at the moment and it's very hard. I'm told The Steps help with this too FWIW.
As far as it not being as bad I like to think of addiction like a cancer. I'm not going to wait to get help just because MY melanoma isn't as bad as my friend's right? Addiction warps our thinking and our minds want any justification they can find to let us keep on keeping on down the slipperly slope of a shit life. 
Now that I'm not drinking I'm not willing to hide from my problems. .That's huge..It's awesome.  I'm finally gaining forward momentum and I like it..IWNDWYT .
