-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iza9l/drinking_is_having_a_detrimental_effect_on_my_life/

I'm a 27 year old working professional with a good career in the city who is struggling with alcoholism. I drink on average 2 bottles of wine every eveningduring the weekend I drink a hell of a lot more coupled with some cocaine...My boss has spoken to me on a number of occasions about my behaviour whilst I've been inebriated...I feel like my drinking is completely out of control i used to represent my country in a sport which I loved but gave it up to spend more time in a bar..I recently visited my dr but I don't feel like he took my situation seriously and just gave me a pamphlet...I'm at a loss as what to do next. I know if i continue I won't probably have a job or will get into serious trouble with the law..I don't know why I continue to drink when it causes so much trouble in my life. My friends are deeply concerned and say they don't recognise me when I'm drunk. ..I've had a privileged life so far good schools supportive family good career alcohol appears to be my Achilles heel..I just don't know where to turn 
----------immediate responses--------

It's good that you have recognized that alcohol is a problem for you. That's a huge step. When I got to my tipping point last Summer I entered into an outpatient rehab program where I had medical and psychological support. I also took a few months off of work to care for myself.  I encourage you to reach out in a similar way depending on what's available to you where you live.  You may need meds for withdrawals too so please check into that. Best Wishes...IWNDWYT.
There's lots of options. Many people here were helped by AA but there's a whole bunch of other avenues now too from Refuge Recovery which is meditation based to SMART which is cognitive behavioural based. I found reading the books This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained really helped as well. I came to this sub obsessively in the first months after I quit too. 
You might try AA or Smart recovery.  AA is what worked for me.. I was drinking at about your level...Good luck.  
I would feel comfortable discussing it with her she's an understanding and reasonable women. I do feel like I'm getting into more and more trouble so yes professional help is necessary 
That feeling of confusion about not being able to quit is addiction...[Here is the likely reason you're here](http://news.medicine.iu.edu/releases/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism.shtml)...You seem to have moved past most of the denial stage with your boss and friends pointing out your alcoholic behavior. Is there a substance abuse program through work? Your health insurance may very well cover an in-patient stay. I know the first time I quit I needed to re-focus. Being at home during the first couple of weeks would have been distracting from the task of learning how to spend the entire day sober...Your need to fire your doctor. He's useless You're trying to save your life and he's handing you a pamphlet? That was where you should have gotten the first level of assistance right there in the doctor's office. He failed you totally...Don't be afraid to ask for help. You wouldn't hesitate to get treatment for recurring migraines or an ulcer. This is a genetically transmitted disease that is activated by daily drinking. Or less if you have generalized anxiety disorder or similar affliction...You are not the first you are not the only and you will not be the last person to find themselves at this fork in the road. There will be lots of people that want to help you. ..Almost every thing you fear right now is a chimera. It does not exist. ..You can do this. Just ask for help. ...IWNDWYT
