-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j45qw/video_games_are_a_great_outlet_for_me/

So I've been playing Far Cry 5 for a little while now and I know everybody talks about exercise and such and those things are good too. But I really enjoy just being in the virtual landscape: hiking the mountains solving puzzles taking out crazy cult members to save people. My favorite thing to do is fish in the game. Haha I live in NY but I used to go fishing a lot in MS when I was a kid..I've been sinking some hours into the game and it really takes my mind off of how I used to spend my time. .It gets tough; it really does. But I'm really feeling so much better than I used to feel. As always thankful for this community and a place to share my thoughts and struggles. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Same here. Haven't actually played any since sobering up because I also love tv. But I can get lost for hours in a great game.
Hey Breakfast whatever works...!..Happy 20 days :).
I may have to play FC5 after I beat God of War 4
You mentioned puzzle solving. When I first stopped drinking puzzle video games were so helpful. I would play for hours on end and I knew I couldn't think straight enough to solve them if I drank. Solving "The Talos Principle" and all its DLC was a godsend for me. Not only did I love the game itself - I sincerely feel grateful to it for helping me out. 
It's a very different kind of game to Far Cry 5 but Stardew Valley is a *great* feel good game. It also has a fishing minigame though it's a fair bit simpler.
Ive played games my whole life. The last few years when my options for recreation dwindled down to just drinking and watching sports I completely lost touch with my gaming passion. ..I'm now again obsessed with PUBG escape from  tarkov and a few other PC games. When I lapse and start drinking I also stop playing these games that I love. 
I've been gaming my whole life (nearly 40).  I used to drink and play as my "reward" after a long day at work.  I thought for a long time that if I quit drinking then I would have to quit games too but I've found that games are not a trigger for me.  I actually play less when I don't drink mostly because I'm coherent enough to partake in other hobbies too like reading chess and music.  Game on amigo I will play with you but IWNDWYT.
TW: moderation..I find video games and reading to be helpful activities. If I drink too much it's because I'm bored or am avoiding work of some kind...I've been cutting way back and using the badge system here to keep an eye on my sober days vs days I imbibe. My tolerance is decreasing significantly and I've noticed that I can't enjoy video games or reading as much after a few drinks...If I do choose to have a glass of wine or a scotch it tends to remain at 1 or 2 over the course of several hours because I'm sipping and focusing on the game/book rather than draining and focusing on the drink...Immersing myself in other worlds and paying close attention to the effects of alcohol has really helped to limit my intake.  Games and books used to be an excuse to drink but lately I've been opting for tea to keep a clear head and enjoy the stories...IWNDWYT
Games are fun. Having fun is good. 
Gaming is great! Definitely a fantastic outlet. 
Yes.  Same here..  Im 4 months without drinking and ive got back into games also...I just beat the last of us for ps3 and im gonna get metal gear solid 5 soon. 
