-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j5dql/resetting_my_badge_after_52_days_of_sobriety/

First let me start off and say that I am proud of my 52 days. Before I quit in April 2017 I drank heavily every single day for over a decade. Being able to take a break from alcohol for so many days at a clip is a vast improvement so I refuse to beat myself up as I am mildly hung over. Even though I drank too much I was very careful and paced myself so I did not get into any trouble. ..What I am not happy about was my reason for drinking. Yes part of why I wanted to drink was to celebrate recent achievements. That's what I keep telling myself. The real reason relates something that happened on Friday. Normally I try to avoid people who I know will trigger my urge to drink but my sister in law who is an addict tagged along last minute. She ordered beers while sitting right next to me and it took every bit of my willpower not to order one myself as I watched her pour a bud light into a cold frosty mug. Later right before my first art showing she blew up at my mother in law for no reason what so ever. It was bad. When she behaves that way she reminds me of my abusive mother and that really takes me to a dark place. To make matters worse I had to hear my mother in law kiss her ass and apologize. It was ridiculous! The entire time in the gallery I was so anxious that there would be another outburst (I wanted to uninvite them but its a public event so I know they would not have respected my wishes). ..While I am still sad that this happened and that I relapsed yesterday I am going to see this as a learning experience. It's time to cut emotional vampires out of my life who do not support me in my recovery. Being that its Mothers Day and now I do not have a mother to spend it with since my sister in law is going to be around I am feeling very down. Several hours ago I started my morning with a beer but stopped myself from getting more because I know that is how benders start (I am completely sober right now). I am proud of myself for being able to stop. ..Anyway thank you for reading. I really should have posted yesterday before I went out drinking. This is such a supportive community and I know someone would have helped talk me out of it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on putting the brakes on   that takes some willpower. Can you work out a plan now for the rest of the day of things that will make you feel better and put some distance between you and your weekend up till now?  Sounds like it could have been a lot worse but maybe best to motor away from those upsetting events before they pull you further back. What can you do for *you* that makes you happy?
I realized that kicking myself each morning for drinking the night before was a big part of my drinking ritual as much as the drinking itself. If I punished myself enough I was allowed to do it again...Sounds like you have your head in the right place.
AND MY AXE!..By our powers combined you WILL NOT BEND!..I just had a similar problem this weekend. .Back to zero back to hero.
it sucks but all you can do is keep marching forward. Last night i went over to a friends house to play poker was doing fine until another buddy i've not seen in years showed up. Now i have brain fog fatigue and headache. Just a wasted day today but oh well. Marching on.
