-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j7swz/physical_symptoms_vs_emotional_symptoms/

Does anyone else struggle with the physical symptoms vs the emotional symptoms?..What I mean by this is; in my mind I have no desire to drink. I love the life I have the friends and family I have and the opportunities that being sober presents...However I still feel shitty physically and not feeling well/not sleeping well makes me feel anxious exhausted and moody and that makes me want to drink...I don't want to drink to deal with my thoughts because I feel ok right now but I feel like drinking because of insomnia anxiety panic disorder etc...Anyone else feel this way?
----------immediate responses--------

Addiction is physical but mostly psychological. The repetitive daily habit of drinking has been the thing I had to address head on.
Since the anxiety and worry makes you want to drink aren't those  emotional symptoms ?
Congrats on 3 weeks!..I found that the physical symptoms like trouble sleeping mood swings irritability anxiety etc all gradually improved over the first few months after stopping drinking and during the uncomfortable bits I told myself that drinking wasn't the answer and that the shitty feelings would pass eventually......Hang in there it gets better!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I think it was  This Naked Mind' or the related  easy way to stop smoking' by Alan Carr or both which talked about the subconscious vs the conscious mind and addiction.  ..Consciously I have been aware that drinking is not desirable nor the amount nor the associated behaviours and results.  ..Subconsciously?  What have we as a society been trained to expect after a hard day to have fun socially (think of all those happy drinking party ads) to unwind you name it.  And our own self-trained responses to stress anxiety etc.  ..It's a very important part of recovery that we can align these both in the belief that we're better off not drinking.  ..IWNDWYT 
All those feelings will will never subside if you have a drink it will only get worse. I know for me those thoughts come and go still to this day I have to remind myself that's why I wanted to stop drinking; The anxiety waking up feeling like shit cuz I slept poorly from the alcohol induced coma dehydrated. I sleep much better now I wake up ready for the the day not dreading it. I can deal with situations that used to piss me with a much better attitude and acceptance of others.  
