-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j7wnc/went_out_drinking_with_some_friends_last_night/

And didn't have any alcohol I didn't even feel tempted : ). Nobody noticed that my soda &amp; bitters wasn't a "real drink" and I realized that I enjoyed that night much more sober than I would have two or three beers in. I felt less anxious and was engaging just as much if not more socially than if I had been drinking. The night was to celebrate an old friend coming through town. I felt more present more in the moment and I'll certainly remember it better! They were all quite relieved when they realized they had somebody who could drive at the end of the night when they didn't plan well for it. My former alcoholic self even came in handy when they were trying to determine who was "good to drive" and part of my brain had been religiously keeping track of all the alcohol in the room and who drank which glasses when. And seeing them all get inebriated certainly made me glad that I wasn't acting the way some of them were : ). The friend coming through town was somebody who used to sort of be an idol of mine who is about 10 years older than me and now seeing them struggling with smoker's cough I was very glad I had kicked that habit as well...Anyways if somebody is reading this and facing an upcoming social event worried that they'll feel out of place or enjoy it less hopefully this can help ease your concerns. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go staying sober and being the good friend who got everyone home safely.  I second this.  I had a similar experience last night and do not feel like I missed a THING by being sober; in fact my experience was probably enhanced if anything.  I hope people read your post and feel inspired!  Thanks for sharing and IWNDWYT!
Great job! Beware the refractory cravings in the next few days. 
I avoided bars and parties in my first year and still won't go unless there's a very good reason to be there. I'm not saying you will never be able to go to bars again but I am suggesting you develop a SOLID foundation of sobriety first. With just a few weeks in testing my willpower in a place where everyone is drinking and alcohol is an arm's reach away would have proved disastrous to my sobriety. People go to bars to drink. You may get away with it a few times but feelings can change at the drop of a hat and what starts out as "I will not drink" can easily become "Gee maybe 'One' isn't going hurt." I understand a friend was visiting but I hope you won't make a habit of it.
Congrats! I used to love a horses neck ginger ale brandy and bitters. Maybe I'll try it sometime without the brandy. 
Awesome! I've been to a couple bars either with friends or to just go &amp; eat by myself &amp; it hasn't bothered me although I know it's not for everyone. I've also been pleasantly surprised to find out that I can be sociable &amp; not a total weirdo whilst sober. It's a nice feeling (although I still am a total weirdo). Proud of you for staying strong!
