-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j8n2q/why_are_my_relapses_turning_into_benders/

Is it because this was how I used to drink especially near the time I decided to quit? A relapse doesn't mean three or four it starts off with a drunk night and ends up in a few days bender of drinking day to night. I'm scared of being emotional especially too emotional when I reach a few days in
----------immediate responses--------

Yes it's because addiction picks up right where you left off.  Alcohol Explained does a nice job of explaining how and why that happens.  The short version is  you can never un-learn  alcohol as solution.   Once your brain learns that equation no amount of sober time can make it forget it.  That's why alcohol dependence is progressive; it can only ever get worse.
Hi k4bir!..That's just what happens with drinking problems it's pretty much a one-way-street I'm afraid... Once a pickle you don't go back to being a cucumber as the saying goes......Experiencing strong emotions is a normal part of the Human experience... I didn't like them either but trying to drink them away didn't do me a bit of good in the long run!..Glad you came back and hope you'll stick around!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[The Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) could have something to do with it.
My benders were because I am an alcoholic. 
I wish you the best. I had a lapse and drank one day last week. It was my first ever blackout. Shit has me scared...I picked up where I left off and worse in just one time...I hate I messed up after 9 months but I'm so glad  I have the mental clarity to pick myself back up. The mental repercussions of this suck. I don't want to beat myself up too much but...damn I'd probably be dead now because of poor decisions if I didn't initially quick. This illness has me truly shook.
This is exactly why im now terrified of relapsing again. .  because i know how i do this exact same thing...And ill start drinking heavily the very next morning when i wake up... Sometimes being blacked out of and asleep by 2 pm.  ..After 3 days of this im just a complete psychopath who cant even think straight.    
