-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j8wt0/back_on_the_wagon/

It feels so good to be writing this but I am almost two weeks sober today. A little back story: ..Last year up until about this time I was almost a whole year sober. I had struggled with drinking through college and two years into my career and when my wife was pregnant with our second child I decided to quit. I was drinking close to half a liter of vodka a night. I could hold it together in my regular life but once everyone went to bed I would be drinking. Once my son was born all the stress hit and I slowly started drinking again. It started innocently enough. I got into scotch so it was a  hobby  one drink a night turned into two etc. up until I quit both my wife and I would drink after the kids went to bed. She could handle it ok but I was back at my baseline. I gained back most of the weight I lost and just felt like crap. My wife had brought up how she was going to take a break for a bit so I saw that as an opportunity to quit as well. I'm still depressed as can be but I'm finding new ways to occupy my time. I'm going to make a doctors appointment finally to get a physical and finally start taking charge of my health. Hopefully start on an anti-depressant. I'm an RN so I know damn well the effects drinking has on the body but depression is a funny thing. At my height of drinking I could have cared less weather drinking killed me or not. Thanks for reading here's to finally taking charge of my self and sobriety. I will not be drinking with you guys tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! That's great you &amp; your wife are doing it together. It's important to have a support system. IWNDWYT
Welcome back. I am sending good vibes to you and your family. 
Welcome back! Alcohol has been terrible for my depression. It created such a vicious cycle. I did lapse last week after 9 months and man depression is knocking at my door badly....I have been on depression meds for years but the alcohol sure didn't let me get the full effect. Aside from my guilt and sadness from the lapse my mood has been so much better since I quit. So much changed immediately but it did take a while to feel normal. Like you I didn't care much about life. I cared again although wasn't necessarily happy for a few months in.
Welcome back! It's good that you plan on taking charge of your health. IWNDWYT
