-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jd149/tips_to_remember_not_to_relapse/

Really I think if it would not be that noticible I would tatto myself in my arm and hand a la Memento "remeber your withdrawals" "remember the despair" "remember all that you can loose" "remember you lack control" "remember the nightmares" and so on...
----------immediate responses--------

For a less permanent option to a tattoo (and possibly a bit subtler) - you could get a bracelet either with the words you want literally printed on it (custom "live strong" style bands are pretty cheap online) or with something that symbolically holds that meaning for you. ..Sometimes I take a Sharpie and draw a little seedling on my hand to remind me that I'm still growing into sobriety and need to take care of myself.
I wish I could do that too (the tattoo thing). There are times in past where I've relapse and completely forgotten all the negatives in chasing short-term relief. I am fairly intense/emotional so when thing go bad they usually have me blinded to anything else...This time I am working diligently to be more self-aware and in the moment to try to notice as these feelings would crop up so I could deal with them in a more healthy manner. Also I've been wearing a Fitbit as a reminder of the goals I want for my physical well-being (which includes not poisoning myself with alcohol). 
I bought myself a bracelet of turquoise beads that I wear when I am going to be somewhere that I think will prove to involve a strong temptation to drink. It reminds me I don't want to have that first drink. I also bought myself a beautiful mug for my nightly herb tea that I set a rule I would only use it on nights I was headed to bed sober. So every night it reminds me I am glad to be going to bed sober with a book and my herb tea in this beautiful mug. I stuck affirmations all around my desk area here in my office to remind me all day why I do not want to go to the bottleshop that day or evening. And I visit here at SD to start my workday for a few minutes and set my intent and I visit again during the "bitching hour" of wine o'clock before starting dinner to do the check-in and generally fuel my soberwagon. The only day I don't visit SD is most Saturdays since I hit around 90 days and decided to try trusting myself NOT to drink even if I don't come here. But on a really hard Saturday I might drop by just for a few minutes still just to stay on track.. 
