-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jgwxg/quit_drinking_severally_depressed_lost_just_about/

I've now been sober for 16 days. I have no intention of stopping and my interest in alcohol has virtually disappeared. That being said my depression has gone from bad to worse. I'd been diagnosed around late Febuary with Borderline Personality Disorder and then the following weeks consisted of medication counseling and a lot of self-reflection. I never considered myself an alcoholic but whenever I'd start I couldn't stop. I'd become so self-destructive turn into someone I wasn't and try to apologize for my behavior the following day then ride the guilt train until next time. My closest friend and girlfriend had been with me for nearly 7 years and we'd been friend for about 13. She was with me during the diagnosis had continued to support my recovery and progress through my mental illness. Then about a month or so later she'd asked for some space which I understandably gave. Then 3 months later I'd been ghosted from every social media platform she could with me. The closest friend and the person I confided in abandoned me. I've struggled with depression and my mental illness now consistently since I was informed of something being wrong and I want to get better but knowing that the person I was going to be with for the rest of my life won't be there just begs the question "what's the point"? I don't want to drink I really don't but the pressure is getting to be way too much and I pretty much break down daily. I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

When I am feeling really terrible I enlist others in my efforts to get better or stay well.  Whether it's a therapist or friends or family or meetings I have to establish connections to people who will support me.  Regardless of the loss of your relationship and I'm so sorry for that you deserve to be supported.  SD is a great place for support but it sounds like you could use some IRL support.  IWNDWYT
Definitely I have benefitted from individual counseling.
I sometimes find that when I don't know what to do - I don't do anything. I don't do anything because trying to make decisions when I am emotional and confused usually leads to poor choices on my part. I also will remind myself that drinking only serves to make my mental illnesses worse. I think it's so important to keep this thought at the front of your mind: drinking will only make things worse. You can get through this! Hang in there and do the next right thing. 
Be strong my friend. I suffer from depression too and have fought the bottle battle for years. Lost a lot of friends too along the way. I don't have many other tips to give than this: the world will keep spinning new opportunities new friends and new stuff do come around. I will not drink with you today.
