-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ji21j/its_not_alcoholism_until_you_graduate_college/

I'm 22 year old who just recently graduated college. I've been struggling with a drinking problem for about two years now. I've been on the wagon and fell off the wagon plenty of times.  It's very hard for me to stay sober in college. I don't drink everyday and I never have cravings. I noticed that I have a drinking problem because 80% of the time I can't just have one I drink until I'm blacked out and I'm very unpredictable when I drink. The longest I've been sober was six weeks and I would like to be sober again. I had good times and bad times while partying in college. I don't want to drink how I drank while I was in school I'm a college graduate so I think it's time to grow up! ..Also I was wondering for people who had a drinking problem in college did the alcoholism get better or worse after you graduated? ..#IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on graduating and being self-aware enough to realize you have a drinking problem I wish I had been as wise and dedicated as you at that age. My problem definitely got worse. Like you I sometimes went weeks without a drink but whenever I had a bad week or month I would slip right into the bottle. That pattern kept getting reinforced until I was drinking heavily every night wondering what happened thinking I could never be without alcohol. I felt awful I had no direction no hope for a future where I was happy. Depression and anxiety were stealing whatever alcohol hadn't from my life. Hopefully you don't go down the path I did. I had people tell me similar things at your age I didn't listen to them and now life is significantly harder for it. People generally don't listen to advice or warnings and I count myself in that group. IWNDWYT.
I knew I had a problem at 22 also. I wish I had quit then but I justified it as being young and everyone else does it. I drank probably 5 nights a week at the time. I would get wasted and make an idiot of myself throw up a bunch then do it again the next night. My drinking progressed over the years to drinking every single day hiding bottles all over the house becoming a total hermit because I would rather just drink alone in peace than worry about having other people judge how much I was drinking. I was an anxious depressed mess. If you think you have a problem please quit now. Save yourself from years of misery.
Good thing I didn't go to college.
Wow great insight and awesome choice! You're awesome. ..I did an assortment of drugs and binge drank during college. In my senior year I quit using hard drugs and really felt like I had "gotten my shit together" because I was "just drinking" *rolls eyes*. My addiction to alcohol grew with me for almost 6 years after I graduated and became a habit of binge drinking in isolation multiple times a week. During those 6 years I also got a couple black eyes banged up my car and got myself into some other really ridiculous drunk situations that I regret. I know we're not the same but I wish I had quit right when you are! Iwndwyt
What booze does to our brains is progressive it only goes one direction: worse. The books This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained really helped me understand what actually goes on with alcohol and the brain in a way that was really empowering especially Alcohol Explained. You can get the first chapter for free on the author's website. ..If you're not sure about quitting forever why not try a year and see how you feel? That's what I did and I'm so much happier that I'm never going back. 
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for finishing school!!! Umm I guess I was one at the end of hs/throughout college.... Idk though cuz I had 5 jobs and still accomplished all that. Never had to have feeling but I did party hard and often. I finished 2 tech schools but never finished my AA... instead I got married and then my alcoholism too off slowly but surely. Idk if it was the isolation (military moved no job no school just lost) or the fact I was far from any obligations or boredom but it got bad very quickly. Now I am divorced but in my home town and working and I have relapsed a few times but its still nothing like it was back then. No having to have it no not being able to sleep/eat/function not waking up/going to bed craving having it have a back up etc. soooooo I would say it all depends on the person...
