-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jljw6/over_a_month_now_officially_the_longest_period_of/

Like most of us I started young drinking in the woods with friends long before any of it felt dark.  I was just a teenager in the late 90s hanging with my friends and having some drinks.  It was an adventure embarked upon by all of us.  A time to test boundaries and flirt with the edges of honesty (and all the cute girls).  It was fun and mischievous and exciting...Fast forward a few years and a lot of us myself especially were still only focused on that adventure.  On the mischief.  Rebels against the monotony of existence.  Or however I romanticized it.  I had no real direction but given the time and place and my reasonably good academic performance the path of least resistance carried me into college.  I was a computer science major on paper but in practice my primary focus was on getting stoned.  I had side hustles to keep money in my pocket and kept up the bare minimum in my classes.  ..Somewhere in there I broke up with the first girl I ever loved after she cheated on me with one of our mutual friends.  High school sweetheart.  There is nothing more utterly doomed and cripplingly dangerous as your first love and  no more surefire way to have it blow up in your face than trying to maintain that feckless disaster-in-waiting over long-distance.  ..A shitty thing to happen to anyone for sure but I was already flailing.  Without realizing it until it was too late I had made that relationship my tether to reality.  My insecurity soared.  My feelings of inadequacy rose to higher heights than ever before.  And I was angry.  Despite all of these tumultuous feelings I was still self-aware not only of how irrational my emotions were but how I was presenting myself to the world...This was a huge turning point in my alcoholism.  That relationship between inner turmoil and outer ease and confidence and impressiveness to others began to blossom.  The weekends were an absolute blur of reckless aggressive partying and when I wasn't drinking I was smoking pot.  I was living in a world of pure escapism in retrospect.  I'd started skipping most of my classes and eventually realized that I'd fail most of them anyways so I made plans to drop out at the end of the semester.  That final month consisted of nothing but videogames and sleep.  I had fallen into a deep depression...Fast forward a few months living with my disappointed parents and I managed to get a decent job at a tiny little office as a sort of jack of all trades "computer guy".  It paid enough for me to get an apartment with some other "fringes of society" type buddies of mine and my boss was openly fine with me showing up high so my listless existence of getting stoned and drunk every day continued.  ..I eventually quit that job for no good reason (I now understand that I was still in a deep depression). We dumpster dove for food.  I did odd jobs on craigslist for rent.  I dated psychotic weirdo after psychotic weirdo--all drunks naturally.  ..After enough of that I sort of hit a breaking point and I turned that mechanism back on.  That switch in my brain to separate internal strife from external presentation.  So I lied on my resume and I got a real job at a real company making a real salary with insurance and everything.  Eventually I got my own apartment.  And my own liquor cabinet...I stayed in that job I hated for 8 years.  The IT department was a meat grinder and I constantly used that employee turnover to claw my way up and up until I was the most senior guy on the team.  It was an obscenely toxic place to work--it was not unusual to see people openly crying in conference rooms during meetings.  But what did I care?  I wasn't even really there.  ..I was a mannequin and in a sick way I leaned into the negativity and the pain.  I liked it almost.  I'd endure it come home and get absolutely blackout drunk with whatever weird girlfriend I was pretending to be with at the time then wake up and do it again.  ..There's a through line here right?  From the moment alcohol entered my life it became the only relief the only true and constant companion the only outlet through which I could experience myself and my life.  Everything else was performance.  I'd spend hours in conversations I did not care about or even remember the next day purely to find openings for glib witticisms to impress people who I didn't even know.  I became obsessed with cleanliness--clean surfaces clean car organized closets.  ..Regimented.  Cold.  Calculated.   Until it was time to drink...Eventually I again lied on my resume and applied for two different jobs and got both.  I played them off each other and there I was at 27 years old a college drop-out alcoholic making a 6 figure salary.  Socially and professionally I kept being rewarded for this false persona.  For this contrivance of my identity.  So I just kept going.  Kept leaning in...And the drinking got worse and worse and worse.  I became incredibly resentful of death.  I would think through gritted teeth about the fact that children would live to see the world as it was long after I was dead and I vaguely hated them.  I hated a lot of things.  ..Fast forward again because this is already entirely too long and worthy of deletion and I meet the girl who'd eventually become my wife.  We buy a house together.  I help her start a business.  We get a dog.  ..So here I am a lifetime of doing the bare minimum and lying to everyone about everything all the time to convince the world that I Am A Success a lifetime of not knowing a morning without a hangover (which were slowly turning into withdrawals) and I'm living the American Dream.  I'm genuinely living a better life than 99% of the people in the world at least on paper.  I start to wear this as a point of pride.  Like I got something over on the world...I liked my new job and my wife was and still is an absolutely beautiful hilarious person.  The heartbreak and insecurity that had sent me deep into the bottle so long ago was a distant memory now.  ..So why couldn't I stop?  Why were my nights of drinking turning into mornings of drinking?  Why did I suddenly have this water bottle full of Tito's in my work bag under my desk?  Why was I so incredibly and deeply anxious all the time?  Why did my entire day still center around That Next Fucking Drink?..32 days ago I was 10 days into an absolute bender.  I was drinking a fifth of whiskey or vodka a day plus 10+ beers of varying strengths.  I wasn't even blacking out because my tolerance had become so astronomical.  We had just sold our house at a huge profit and were a couple weeks away from closing on a huge beautiful brand new construction house one town over.  I was excited genuinely.  So why the fuck was I losing my grip?  ..I was so deep into it that I had started just coming downstairs to sleep on the couch after my wife drifted off so I could be close to booze for when withdrawals kicked in.  I had no exit plan.  All my previous benders had ended with me and an Excel spreadsheet neurotically planning a taper and structuring my life around it to minimize the collateral damage.  ..Not this time.  This was headed for suicide one drop at a time.  One morning 32 days ago my wife found me in the basement holding an overflowing bottle of some disgusting cask aged banana flavored stout struggling to get it into my mouth.  She was horrified and confused and exhausted in every sense of the word and I'll never forget the strange laughter that surrounded her question: "What the fuck are you doing?"..For whatever reason that hit me hard.  Two hours later I was on a plane to a detox facility.  I blew a .453 when they admitted me.  ..I could write another 10000 words easily on the experiences both nightmarish and beautiful that I had there over the next ten days but I'll spare you that until the next time I'm feeling wordy.  ..But I got the answers to those questions above.  I had always been an atheist or at least someone who didn't believe humans were anything but highly evolved animals.  And I had always mourned that.  I tried to paint it as freedom--existentialism over nihilism--but at my core I was simply deeply heavily sad about mortality in general.  So I built a wall around it.  That kept it buried away from my outward personality which I crafted specifically to be "impressive".  ..The more I worked on that exterior image--those clean organized living spaces and sharp one-liners--the more that blackness festered.  I was closed off from other people experiences and even beauty itself.  I lived a pantomime of a good life but I was dying inside.  Regardless of external appearances or bank account balances deep down I was still that lost confused depressed 20 year old whose girlfriend chose someone else.  I had hit the pause button in the midst of that pain and I kept it paused for 15 years.  The further I got the more external pillars I erected to distract from who I really was and the sorrow I carried in my guts the more poisonous that blackness became.  It is no coincidence that at the height of my personal success I reached my lowest and most depraved spiritual point...I spent such a long time justifying my "high functioning alcoholism" with external factors to keep from looking inward and while I am grateful I didn't go to my grave so "emotionally unfinished" wasting those years in that way is my biggest regret in life.  ..But I'm still only 34.  And I didn't lose my great job or my beautiful wife or even that amazing house that drove me to the brink of oblivion.  Today my goals are not practical ones they are personal ones spiritual ones even.  I seek every day to keep my guard down and remain open and vulnerable as much as possible.  Not everyone has to like me or be impressed by me.  It is far more satisfying and fulfilling for one person to think that I am a compassionate kind man than for 500 to think I am clever.  And rather than fight so futilely and bitterly against death and mortality I seek to fight for beauty.  For the little moments that can utterly break your heart in the most wonderful way if you just stop wallowing in your bullshit for long enough to notice...And coffee.  Drinking lots and lots of coffee...If you read this far I'm sorry there wasn't a great payoff but it feels really good to get this whole timeline off my chest...tl;dr - For most of us drinking is a symptom.  The most important part of getting sober is finding the darkness that spawned it.  Be well.
----------immediate responses--------

Life is strange. You couldn't have drawn a map to here 10 years ago. Be well. Be kind to yourself. This is difficult stuff. Really feeling things and experiencing them is tough. You can do it though...I won't be drinking with you today!
I have a habit of never posting on here but I can't read something like this and just give it an upvote and say nothing. Really beautiful. Thank you. 
Congrats on the month! And the new casa :)..I've told you before how much your story resonates with me. Drinking is a symptom for some of us and just removing substances from the equation doesn't mean our work is done. ..Good luck and keep going. I'm right behind you. IWNDWYT especially not anything banana flavored...Also great writing. I'm sure your one liners will continue to get even better. 
Thanks for sharing your story.  I can relate to a lot of it.  ..Congrats on one month + alcohol free!  That wonderful.  Keep up the good fight.
I loved reading your story. It's so well written too. Thanks for sharing. 
Man that is an incredible journey.....Bravo.....  Thanks for sharing and IWNDWYT 
Thanks for writing that story.  IWNDWYT!
Thanks that was deep. Glad you are moving in the right direction. 
Well that resonated quite a bit. I'm a woman more than 10 years older than you and your experience is and was so much like mine (except for the IT thing). Thank you for sharing your story and reminding us that the human condition binds us and cares little about external trappings: if we're addicted to alcohol that's all there is...Wishing you more sober days and continued growth.
WOW.  Thank you for posting.  
You are an amazing writer... Looking forward to hearing more about your journey as time continues. Well done! I think you'll just keep on succeeding. 
No payoff? Surely you jest? This was great. And damn you can WRITE. ..&gt;There is nothing more utterly doomed and cripplingly dangerous as your first love and no more surefire way to have it blow up in your face than trying to maintain that feckless disaster-in-waiting over long-distance...Maybe I only found this so poignant because I can relate but this hit me hard. ..&gt;I had hit the pause button in the midst of that pain and I kept it paused for 15 years. ..I never started drinking to numb pain like some people but the drinking certainly got worse when I needed to  pause  the pain like that and I think I used the fact that I had already been drinking too much to justify myself doing it when I actually  needed  it. What kind of stupid logic is that? It made sense when I was drinking I swear...Thanks for posting. I saved it to come back to it sometime. Really appreciate you sharing your story.
Thanks for sharing your story
Thanks for a great post...I can relate to much of what you're writing especially the parts where you feel empty but from the outside look ok (and in your case a success). I've struggled with depression for so long since I was a teen. ..People can't really tell from the outside and I too can be cold and calculated in a business setting since I can navigate the landscape quite easily. What I've learned is that money or accomplishing capitalist goals will never make me happy. ..I don't really know what makes me happy but I'm trying to find out. What I've found out is that alcohol made everything worse for me...I'm impressed (not in that shallow way I couldn't give a s**t about your house  ) that you're taking the bull by it's horns and getting sober. I believe in you friend! 
&gt; I had always been an atheist or at least someone who didn't believe humans were anything but highly evolved animals. And I had always mourned that...When I struggle with thoughts like this I try to define love and what it actually is. If you speak to religious people most of them actually define God as a universal love. Even though it might be just chemicals in my brain it's still quite magical with the concept of love and the highs and lows it brings. I have no religion but I'm exploring spirituality in my own way. Wish you all the best and I believe in you...Take care of yourself and focus on what makes you happy.
This is an amazing piece of writing and honesty thank you for writing it. I am floored perhaps writing is your true calling.
Amazing post. Thank you.
Fantastically well written. Thank you for sharing your story. 
This is beautiful. I found it riveting and I am holding back tears. WOW
I really appreciate you taking the time to write this out. I'm sure it helped you but I bet it helps many other people too...I totally relate to your point that stopping drinking is only half the battle. Then you have to face your existential crisis without any numbing agents.
Excellent excellent post. Just wow. Thank you so much for taking the time to write this. 
Awesome man and I loved every second of your story. 
Thank you for your story. I needed to hear it today. And no I won't be drinking with you or anyone else today.
Really passionate and honest words. Written exceptionally well. Congrats on your milestone. Similar day count to me... lets go all the way sober warrior! At a similar age too i actually feel like i have been recently reborn... the future is bright :-)
Well done and wishing you a positive continued journey - good to read your story especially tonight. I will not drink with you today
wait until you're feeling wordy eh?
GREAT POST!!
What a journey!  Mine has been very similar so thank you for sharing! Stay strong I will not drink with you today.
Dang that was well written! Guess it's time for me to figure out that darkness. Please keep sharing your story!
Great post enjoyed it.  Good luck
I'll repeat what everyone is saying you have a magical way with words. This was so pleasant to read even though it wasn't the happiest story. You should write a book. For real...Also I'm new here too and recently posted my story and someone commented "there's no need for tl;dr here we read everything" and it really warmed my heart. So I'll pass that along to you! 
Saving this for when I feel compelled to read a wondrously beautiful piece of writing again. Equal parts of darkness and hope. I'm sure I speak for everyone that I hope you feel wordy sooner rather than later :\)
Very powerful post.  Thank you for taking the time to write it.  Congratulations on your 32 days! 
I am you without the money or the beautiful wife. Please write a book I'll buy it.
I can relate to this I justified drinking for a long time by what I was still able to accomplish as a high functioning drinker. 
Wow thanks so much for this share it's amazing how many parallels I have to your story I have. I'm really glad I took the time to sit through and read this long share. IWNDWYT
I found myself in that story. Thanks for sharing. You are not alone.
Your writing shows you have immense guilt but your story indicates you have immense strength. Keep on keepin on - you've got this. ..
Hey bud I read the whole thing. I want to thank you for that it was written really well and I related to a lot of it. I want you to know you're not alone...I'm also trying to get back to who I was before all the drinking. It's working great. I have a therapist I go to once a week. I finally found a good AA meeting for me. There's still some pain. ..Anyways I'm here if you want to talk bud. 
Man...That was a fantastic read. Thank you for sharing. I want the rest of the 10000 words you could write on your time in detox. After detox what happened that helped you arrive at your revelation? I ask because I am working through therapy looking for the darkness that spawned my drinking. Anyway thank you again for sharing. IWNDWYT! 
Really appreciate how you shared so much and with such skill. It is amazing when the world smiles upon you unknowing of the struggles and facades. I'm starting to feel like all of it is way more common than most let on. IWNDWYT. 
Amazing!.
IWNDWYT
Thank you so much for writing this...&gt; It is no coincidence that at the height of my personal success I reached my lowest and most depraved spiritual point...This is exactly how things looked for me when I was at my worst. It pains me to hear how many others have been struggling with a deep personal pain and try to distract themselves from it with instead of addressing it. There are so many people who never find freedom from their pain and live with it their whole lives. Incredibly sad. ..I'm glad you're headed down the right path now IWNDWYT.  
Thanks so much for sharing Fox. I like stories this long because they help me analyze my own drinking problem. I relate strongly to a lot of it...particularly the nihilism and the emptiness even when I have managed to marry my best friend lock down the stable job and buy a house. In order to overcome alcohol problem I have to overcome my negativity which might be the more challenging task...Thanks again IWNDWYT 
[removed]
