-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jozcb/hope_youre_all_okay/

Okay let's go over this. I've been a long time lurker but today is the day I post...Because I fell down. Again. For the seven hundredth time I fell down. I've done rehab. I've done it all. I know what needs to be done; what sobriety takes. So what's the problem? This deep internal self hatred. I go for about three months and then things go horribly wrong. This hatred....it sucks. It swallows my soul. My drinking doesn't cause it more the other way around if that makes sense?..So what happened this time? A knife fight on Mother's Day. Love my mother but Jesus that was shameful. To be broken sucks. Why can't things just work out? Why is it so goddamn hard to be a good person? To feel worthy of anything?..Anyway on a brighter note you are all strong and awesome and even though I'm struggling I will cheer you on. Love you all.
----------immediate responses--------

All is not lost! Have you tried working on this in individual therapy?
I too am fallen.  Stopped for 18 months started again and don't have the wherewithal or motivation to stop again.  Definitely the booze leads to depression.  Edginess leads to booze or sometimes just carelessness.
If you let us we can cheer you on!! Sounds like you know what you need to do  how can you put that knowledge to good use?
Maybe try some self help books on loving yourself. You are worthy of love. I know sometimes when you can't afford help it can be hard but just like this sub it is out there for free thank goodness for the internet. I will not drink with you today if that is your choice to join me. Good luck!.
Evidently there is some part of you that knows you're worth fighting for. Don't complain don't explain  we've all been in your shoes. Every single one of us has guilt  regrets shame.  I read a line from an augusten buroughs book once that stuck "the past doesn't haunt us we haunt the past."
Well thank you all. Today is the day I reset my sobriety clock. My entire body hurts but that's the price to pay. I hope you're all still good and IWNDWYT.
