-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jqkh9/a_year_happy_dance/

So I don't know if I set my badge wrong but 15th May 2017 was my last day drinking so I'm calling today my soberversary. ..Most people knew I drank too much on occasion some suspected I had more of a problem but very few knew how bad it really got or how truly awful I felt about it.  So   like the worst of my drinking fortunately!   my sobriety goes pretty unremarked upon in real life. ..But that doesn't matter because the people I really want to share today with are you guys.  I'd been trying to stop for eighteen months before I found this sub a year ago today.  Then I was pretty much in the deepest doomiest pit of despair I could imagine.  ..But then I found that I wasn't alone.  Not just that but there were people out there sharing every struggle  and triumph!  The encouragement support and wisdom I've found here has made all the difference.  ..Back then at a stretch I would have maybe just about believed that I might be able to stay sober for a year.  But I would never have comprehended that after a year in the company of you guys I'd be so damn happy about it.   Tiny mind blown!..Thank you all for inspiring me on the road forward and reminding me to resist any urge to turn back.  Whatever I needed to hear to keep me moving in the right direction it was always to be found here.  Thank you for helping me to surprise myself!  ..I am so happy to be not drinking with you today  :\)   Sober on folks.
----------immediate responses--------

One year sober brilliant! Let's continue on our very remarkable lives all while maintaining a rather unremarkable sobriety.
Hey hey it's your Sober BiRtHdaY!!!.Congratulations on 1 year of Freedom!  Woohooooo!!!     ..  yeah disco!
Congratulations on a year! That is so great. Wishing you many more years of sobriety. IWNDWYT 
Nice one Cactus keep it up!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Amazing! 
**High^Five for 365 /u/Cactustastic!**       
Happy Re-Birth Day!!! Congratulations!!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
This is awesome! Today is my day 1 actually and I hope to share your 2 year with my 1 year in 2019. Similar situation people suspected but didn't know how bad it really was. Right now I'm focusing on staying sober for one more hour. Congratulations!! 
Congratulations! I'm the same as you - drank secretly and didn't make a big deal about quitting...but internally it was / is a huge deal! We can just celebrate here...great job!
Congratulations! ..I'm almost 1/2 way there. I hope I make it that long.
So Happy for YOU!!!!!
Way to go!  One year is a spectacular achievement.  Life's better sober.  I will gladly not drink with you today.
Awesome! Congrats on a year without drinkin'!
Congratulations on one year. Technically if may 15 was the last day you drank then your dry date would be may16. That was your first day sober and that is your sobriety birthdate. Anyway it is a wonderful thing to be sober for a whole year. I bet there have been lots of changes in your life and in you.  Keep moving forward and do what keeps you sober.
Congratulations this is so awesome :-)
The highest of fives on your one year Cactus. Keep on surprising yourself you're pretty good at it ;)  Also how's your wholesale delivery of sparkling deliciousness holding up :)..Celebration fives.Unmathable..
Congratulations on one year! Such a great post! Yes this sub truly is something special. Glad it has gotten you sober as it has for me too. :\)
Well done!
Cactus you stated how inspiring SD is. I totally agree. You are part of the inspiration! I think you deserve to give yourself a pat on the back for that and another for the incredible 1 year. IWNDWYT  Peace
Yay!  ..Shall we dance? I'm right behind you! 
Grats on a year!!!!!!
Congratulations on one YEAR awesome and as I am only beginning my journey I envy you but am inspired by you too... I WILL CERTAINLY NOT BE DRINKING WITH YOU TODAY 
Congratulations dear    !!!!!! You have given to this community more then you have taken. I am personally grateful to you for your words of encouragement. This is a wonderful place. Well done. I will not drink with you today. Have a awesome Sunday friend  
Hey there my good friend!!  Don't know why I missed this post.  :)  ..I'm so proud of you how far you have progressed my dear Cactus!!  Thank you so much for all of your encouraging words.  Your patients and your experiences that keep us feeling like we are not alone.  And we really aren't.  Moving through this experience would have been exponentially difficult without beautiful souls like yours.  ..Big congratulations to you my friend!!..:)
