-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8js8qk/really_really_struggling/

I've just went 48 hours without a drink and it is always most difficult at night. My wife left me a month ago and it's been really difficult to say the least. I'm doing the best I can to try to reorganize my life and become a better person than I was. I've been trying to work out eat healthier and read more (I am currently reading The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg) but I really struggle with my drinking. Two days ago after an especially terrible night I decided enough was enough and that I needed to take charge. A few quotes I've picked up that have inspired me are discipline hurts but regret lasts forever. and Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. I felt like my head was finally in the right place to beat this and then today at work I find out that my wife soon to be ex is already with another man. I was angry and my anger usual always leads to a drink but I didn't give in. The problem is that my friends now want to take me out to the bars this weekend and I agreed. I feel so lost and don't know what to do because I thought I was finally heading in the right direction but on the other hand I really need a night out with friends. Is there any way to get through the night without succumbing to a drink? 
----------immediate responses--------

Just don't go mate
Just make it through this hour. Know that the path you are on is not a lonely path. It's difficult and it's worth going down. This is the prefect time to become the person you know you can be. ..I will not drink with you today. 
One thing that has helped me in the early days and facing a big negative life\-changing event is asking: "Will drinking help this situation?" The answer is always "No not at all" because even if it sounds good in the moment I know when I play the tape forward that the negative effects of my drinking will come out in full force. ..I'm sorry you are hurting right now but know that we are glad you are here and congrats on two days! 
You are not alone   
I'm sorry to hear how much you are hurting right now. At 48 hours you are already at the peak of what was (for me) the hardest part of withdrawals. That's great that you've been eating healthier exercising and reading I found those things were also very helpful for me provided I didn't beat myself up for not doing them often enough. It's always a fine line for me with that...If you're really wanting to be around friends is it possible one of your friends might take you on a non-drinking expedition? Maybe you can see a movie with them go on a roller coaster whatever! Though honestly at day 3 I didn't want to be near anybody everything was so annoying to me...Distract &amp; delay my friend you will have another day of sobriety under your belt soon!
I would try to do something with friends that isn't going out and drinking. If you're honest with them it might help. Tell them you want to hang but not drink go out to eat to a movie play games etc. 
We're all here for you and IWNDWYT. 
[http://www.needyhelper.com/the\-vow/](http://www.needyhelper.com/the-vow/)
alcoholism is not a one time fix. you HAVE TO maintain sobriety as a daily action.  You cannot 'will' your way out of it.  Alcohol is cunning and powerful.  You cannot change that you suffer from the disease of alcoholism once you take the first drink - However what you CAN control is building a new life.  Not on your own...but with help and getting your butt to an AA meeting aka. a SOBER support group of ppl that actually care about you staying sober.  When I did 100 meetings in 2 months I got to see every type of alcoholic you can think of tell their story...and i related to each of them in some shape or form.  it helped me understand myself and my disease.  my life problems etc.....aa worked for me (i got a kick ass sponsor to walk me thru the steps.) they helped guide me in ways that changed my life. I got all new sober friends (thx to aa) no more hangovers virtually no anxiety. better life. better job. better health better diet. better OUTLOOK.  And I have tools and ppl I can count on when life get challenging.  Ppl with 10+ year sobriety are smart as hell (and have been through hell)  They also know how to solve that hell.  The simply admitted they were powerless over alcohol and started taking action steps to hand themselves over to a community bigger then oneself. ie. aa is the foundation of what I build my life upon - the rest of my life compartments are placed on top of the foundation. Like building a brand new house.  Without me staying sober in working my aa program...everything else...crumbles.  I've learned to stop trying to manage everything on my own. To GET help. and do the work.  I finally surrendered.  Its selfish to try to manage a deadly disease on your own. The beast will always win if you touch the first drink.  Stop trying to do it on your own. Let go of the ego - and let others show you how they got sober and STAYED sober.  I was resistant to seek aa terrified....but as soon as I did...I finally started feeling my feelings...mending relationships forgiving myself and created a newer BETTER life. Instead of living a hopeless powerless life. ...when there are sober ppl who want to help you with the same exact disease you have you take that help.  That is the universe trying to help you - but if you dont take the hand...you'll suffer greatly. Please look up Youtube Joe and Charlie doctors opinion. hope any of that helps.   - I'm 5 months+ sober...and I promise you - it works if you work it.
