-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ju782/heres_something_i_never_thought_id_say_im_going/

Wow. What a morning. Couldn't take any more and finally told my parents about what's been going on and how much I'm struggling...After the initial shock wore off (I am a very good liar) I told them I think I need to go to rehab...nothing else has worked for me...And here we are - I'm booked in to arrive tomorrow morning..at a rehab 4 hours away. I can't believe it. I can't believe how supportive my parents are after putting this off for fear they'd disown me (or something equally exaggerated). ..Now that's it's beginning to soak in I've just realised how fucking terrified I am. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!..&gt;And I'm terrified...Plenty of people have gone to rehab.  ..I would choose to look at it as "the gift I'm giving myself".  I will embrace it with willingness and open minded!  It's one of the best exciting things I can do for me and my healing!!..Looking forward to hearing about your journey!
Good for you that is such a brave decision!! It will be okay. People there will be just like you/us- normal humans that are struggling with addiction and want to make their lives better. 
Listen listen and then listen. Work hard get better and come back and tell us how it was. 
Enjoy it? This is going to be all about you in a good way.  You get the chance to find out what makes you tick in a safesupportive environment with people who've been through it just like you. You get help thru detox  you won't be alone. You don't have to stress anymore wondering how the hell am I going to do this. And you'll be coming out of there with insights that all of us will be eager to hear.  Congratulations! 
I just completed Rehab..The staff were amazing and the people I met were a mix of unusual funny and everyone felt like they were in it together. .Here's what I would suggest based only what I experienced. YOUR experience will be different...but in many ways you'll find this might resonate...1. Do the work. It's not easy challenging assumptions about yourself. ..2. If your program is 100% 12 steps only make sure you look at other options as it relates to recovery strategies. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy is just one of MANY different ways you can recover...3. You will find that there are anywhere from 2 to 4 people that you can really relate to in rehab. Take the time to really bond with these people and AFTER you have completed rehab STAY IN TOUCH! These folks will have seen you at your best...and your not so best. They can be part of your support...and you can support them...4. ADVOCATE for yourself. If things aren't resonating or working for you just google alternatives to AA. 
I have a ton of advice having just done my first and hopefully only stint a month ago at 34 years old. First off be prepared for them to take all of your shit and restrict your access to phones the internet etc. They will likely let you make a call home when you get there just so everyone knows you made it but from there they are going to take your phone and wallet and anything with a camera or anything that goes online. To that end brings books. Also if you still have an old ipod without internet connectivity bring that.  Bring flip flops for the shower. You sound young so maybe the loss of all control won't fuck with you as much as it did me but be prepared for that.  It can be jarring. ..Everyone smokes.  Chain smokes.  If you don't smoke try not to pick up the habit.  ..Talk to people. This is a rare opportunity to interact with people you would never otherwise interact with and they all share a common bond with you in their addiction.  Don't discount anyone's perspective--people will surprise you.  The other people were by far let me say it again for emphasis:  BY FAR the most helpful and positive part of my experience.  People in a raw state like that will be open in ways you can't imagine in your regular life.  I met someone in there that I now consider one of my best friends.  We still talk every day and I'm going across the country to visit next month.  I can't stress enough how incredibly intimate these connections can be if you are open enough to make them. ..Journal every day.  Distill your thoughts to ink and paper.  This forces you to make sense of the emotions swirling around in your head and put them in order.  If you don't think you have anything to write about write anyways.  Let the stream of consciousness flow until you stumble into something important. Share in groups.  Be vulnerable.  All of us use for a reason and it's your most important job to find your reason.  Dig into the muck in your soul and don't be afraid of it hurts.  Cry in front of people if it comes to that. ..This will only work if you make the effort with your whole heart.  Personally my experience was equal parts beautiful and terrible.  But the latter trauma knocked a lot of garbage loose.  I am different than I was a month ago genuinely.  This could be transformative for you.  ..You're doing a great thing by being willing to take this step.  Good luck friend you got this.  Feel free to PM me. 
Good for you Ollie! I've never been to rehab so I can't/won't comment on that but I will say that I've nothing but admiration for you! The courage it took to ask for that help. You've had a rough few days I'm guessing you must be relieved now
Heck yea Ollie you free. It's exciting to be on a new path get's even better further down. Congrats dude you got this. 
I can only tell you what worked for me. ..Listen to everything they say. Be totally open and honest with your therapist when in 1 on 1 sessions but it is safe to keep some things private when in group. Eat when they say to eat. Sleep when yhey say to sleep. Do stupid art therapy when the lunatic comes to your room and tells you it is time for your art therapy. Go to every meeting they recommend. Don't get too friendly with any other patients. Heal yourself and if they ahve family day thank your parents. Cry when you need to cry. Good luck kiddo 
The best advice I can give is that lots of people go to rehab and relapse. What I mean is attendance alone does not guarantee success. By going you are giving yourself the opportunity to build an awesome foundation but you actually have to try some stuff be openminded be honest with your counselor etc etc. That's what worked for me. ..Also stick with the people who are there because they want to get better. The company you keep rubs off on you so if you hang out with the people who are sitting in the back making fun of everything and counting down the days until they can get out and drink again it will have an effect on what you get out of it. Be a rule follower not a rule breaker. ..Lastly have fun! 
Stick with the winners.
This is a great time to get your head on straight. Every rehab is different. They do however have one thing in common there are going to winners and loaers. Stick with the winners. There will also be a fair amount of drama. Stay out of it. Don't take sides. ..Do your work and do the things you weren't doing when you were drinking. I was reading a book every three days. Exercise if you can. The "treatment 20" is a real thing. Avoid the phones as much as you can. You don't need to know what is going on outside of your world. I unfortunately have a fair amount experience. Feel free to ask me any questions from what you should bring to anything else. Good luck. Huge step asking for help. Congrats. 
Probably the best move you've made.  I went to outpatient (after years of attempting sobriety) and it was something I wish I had done years earlier.   I ran into a number of people who did inpatient and were happy with it.  Good luck.   
Good luck you'll have a restart of guaranteed sobriety time and will learn some tips about living sober and dealing with triggers handling emotions 12-step religion etc.  Rehab is no panacea and plenty start us8ng again back in the real world.  Some of the  peers  will be coerced by courts employers family etc and not at all serious.  Many have dual diagnosis and there can be some weird behaviors or drama caused by mental health conditions.  I'm a non-smoker but almost everyone else smoked.  There can be pressure to tattle-tell on peers who are not following rules (sneaking caffeine talking to opposite sex etc) I try to avoid this nonsense. Some of the staff are nice some are fairly jaded and confrontational - they're human too.  I am not religious and the religious staff members tended to be fairly unhappy about that as 12steps is at heart about having a spiritual conversion experience.  Hope it goes well - the real test will be when you leave the cocoon!
