-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jugw0/any_advice_on_partners/

My wedding anniversary is today. Nine great years with a wonderful woman who I love to the ends of the earth but who like me struggles with alcohol. I decided to step away from drinking because I'd gotten to the point where I saw how negatively it was impacting my life. My wife isn't there yet. She is still drinking though she's cut back since I stopped. So far it's not been a big issue. However.....For the last three years we've celebrated our anniversary with a wine pairing dinner put together by the owner of our favorite restaurant. That dinner is scheduled for Friday and I'm struggling as last night my wife said she hoped I'd be drinking that night. If not she'd like to cancel...I'd be lying if I said I wasn't tempted to  take the night off  (this is no surprise to most of you I'm sure) but if I'm honest I'm less tempted than expected. Even though I know the wines will be VERY NICE the thought just doesn't  turn me on  the way it used to. But I also don't want to cancel as the food company and tradition are fantastic...My wife said she'd  feel stupid  if she was drinking and I wasn't. Obviously this is not my problem but I still want to a) be supportive and b) go and eat amazing food...We tabled the conversation for later today (she'd been drinking last night when she brought it up) so things aren't resolved...So... Any advice from folks who've started their journey without their partner involved? I can't force her to quit (nor would think to even try) but how can I remain true to my sobriety (first time I've ever typed the S.Word BTW) yet still do the things we love to do together than often involve alcohol?..Help.
----------immediate responses--------

MGTOW. It's the only way.
I think it would be really cool to create a new tradition that reflects you both now--people change and need different things over time and that's legit. And she's right that it doesn't make sense for a nondrinker to go to a wine pairing and that it would be more fun and more suitable to do something else--I understand she was bummed about that when she said it a but hey she's right. ..The short answer is that drinking harms you so it's probably not a good way to celebrate or symbolize the health and joy of anything. I think you can stand for those simple facts at the same time you empathize with her temporary sense of loss. But at the end of the day it doesn't sound like it feels authentic to you to toast your relationship with the thing that risks harming it and you and everything else. ..Nighttime hot air balloon ride? Couples massage?
I wish I had an answer. This has been one of my biggest struggles as well. I know I can't make my husband stop drinking - it just doesn't work that way. I did have a streak of 7 days (my longest so far) and during that time what kept me strong was  this isn't our thing it's my thing ..Sometimes he's super supportive sometimes he brings me home my drink of choice. Now that I have decided to fully commit (again) I remind him daily that he can drink if he wants to but please don't bring any alcohol home for me. I've heard from many sources that people closest to you have a hard time when you stop drinking because it brings to their attention something they're brain has worked really hard to try to ignore - alcohol is bad for you. .I think I would just remind her how important your sobriety is to you. Remind her of all the reasons you don't want to drink. They should all be positive healthy reasons that her logic can't argue with. And with that I hope some support or at least a sliver of understanding come through. .Good luck. IWNDWYT
That's kind of a pissy attitude from her. It's still your anniversary there's still good food company and ambiance. It's not all about alcohol. Why can't you toast with sparkling water? I'd say NA wine but it tastes pretty gross like really sour grape juice...I told my spouse this is how I'm going to be now. If he doesn't like it too bad for him. It's my life and my body and I don't like drunk me.
Has a very open and honest conversation with my wife last night and we're in a good place. Thank you for all the advice everyone. I greatly appreciate it.
