-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jw7x4/friend_from_my_drinking_life_just_relapsed_and/

Hey folks. I apologize for the heavy post. Found out two nights ago via facebook that an old friend that I used to party with who had gotten sober after I moved away recently hit a rough patch and started drinking again. A couple weeks later he died about 3 days ago. We weren't close he was just a good guy I knew that was deeply in the middle of my friend circle back when I was drinking. We all knew he had a problem but he was always the sweetest most giving guy even when drunk. I haven't been in touch with him other than facebook in a couple years but for some reason it's really affecting me. I moved to a new city about a year ago and havent been able to make friends here even in AA and have been feeling really isolated and alone. For some reason hearing of my friend's death is making it much worse. To make it worse this is my second friend from my drinking days that got sober but then relapsed and died shortly after both in the last year. ..Be careful out there. Don't drink today. If you go back out there to "do more research" you might not get another chance to sober up. Take care of yourselves. &lt;3 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry for your loss
That is so sad. It's such a painful way to go for everyone involved. My mom's husband died last year from cirrhosis after months and months of pain. I am not close to my mother (*at all*) and hardly knew her husband but it really hit me hard. He was only in his 50s...It's just so heartbreaking but it does serve as a reminder - booze will kill me if I let it. ..I won't drink with you today. 
Don't apologise man we have to share the bad as well as the good. Sorry to hear. 
Sorry.
Thanks for sharing sorry for your loss friend..
Wow. I'm so sorry. My withdrawal from my last relapse landed me in the emergency room so I feel extremely sensitive to these particular posts and they are not falling on deaf ears.  Thank you for sharing this. 
Early 40s? Man it's never good if drinking is the cause but that's so young. Sorry to hear. 
I'm thinking of you! I'm sending you positive vibes. You sound like a compassionate person and i'm sure you will make lots of new friends. Its hard to make friends as an adult but it will happen. Until then\`\-\- you have us in here! So sorry for your loss. 
I am so sorry....  
Im sorry to hear this. You have all the reason to feel the way you do. Don't try to brush it off.  It's just really sad and im glad you chose to write about it thats a good way to get out some emotions! .Take good care of yourself! 
I am so sorry...It's horrible and sad. Don't apologize. Its the hard reality what can happen... ..Thank you for sharing. Lets take care of ourselves... \&lt;3
Thank you for sharing and I'm so sorry. Stories like this help me though because one thing motivating me to stay sober is the prevalence of stories like this. Seems like you're more likely to die (at a certain age anyway) if you try to sober up and fail than if you never tried. 
So sorry to hear mate
&lt;3
Thanks for sharing man and sorry for your loss. Don't feel like your being a downer for sharing bad news. Honestly it's the bad stuff that helps me the most. It keeps me thankful for what I have and where I'm at. I need to be repeatedly reminded that it can always get worse if I'm not careful. Constant vigilance!
It scares me because Your description of your friend sounds like me... ..I know it's hard and I'm sorry for your loss. ..You sharing this motivate me to keep going... I really appreciate it. ..If you happen to be in Nor Cal hit me up we can hang out... I'm looking for sober friends too
I'm very sorry to hear this. Alcohol is such a terrible taker of all things good and sweet in life...I felt like rambling....About a month ago I had a new friend of mine relapse (I call it active relapse bc she was drinking daily) and her mental state was all over the place. She ended up taking her own life bc it got too much...I tried to take some of her pain away. All we can do is offer to be there for people. I try to keep her in my memory by doing art things (she was a brilliant artist) and I dedicate a bunch of addiction awareness stuff to her name...Thank you for posting this. Major hugs over here. Life is too precious to waste it. But we don't really understand that until it's swept away. Not to say cower in fear but embrace the day and every thing that is good and bad in life. We get one chance to experience it and we actually never experience the exact same thing twice. That's how I was able to move on from drinking. There's too much in the world to do than sit at home and drink the same $6 bottle of cab from trader Joe's. ..IWNDWYT and I will live my life better because of all the people who came before me &lt;3
Damn.  I'm sorry about your loss.  Posts like this scare the shit out of me.  No need to apologize for the heaviness of the post.  That's what this sub is for.
So sorry...live his memory up - it sounds trite but it's not
I can't imagine the pain and sorrow you feel in your heart just now. I am so sorry to hear this. Sending you an internet hug. Remember the SD community is always here for you. 
Really sorry to hear what a hard time you're having with this news and living in a new place. Thankyou for sharing. it can be lonely out there - this sub is literally a lifesaver. we're all in it together wherever we are. I will not drink with you today. 
This is heartbreaking. I am so sorry friend. Hugs. 
This is my biggest fear terrified of relapsing because I know how I am I'll use that fear to keep me sober. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm sorry for your loss.. IWDWYT
Very sad. The more I think about this the more I realize that we're all just one drink away ...
Very sad. The more I think about this the more I realize that we're all just one drink away ...
So very sad.  I am very sorry for the loss of your friend.
[removed]
IWNDWYT
I once life in a three - quarter way home. One of my roommates went out again. Our house manager told us to reach out as it was dire. I told him "it's not like he is going to die". He was dead in a month. ..We must seek answers and contentment elsewhere away from the endless bottom of a bottle. 
I'm so sorry about your friend...For what it's worth I've been catching myself doing a lot of "I can try drinking in moderation" thinking lately and your post reminded me why I can never take that chance. Thank you and good luck!
I'm really sorry to hear of your loss especially while you're feeling so alone and away from the familiar comforts of your former home. As sad as your recent experiences are it brings me relief that an example as been set as to how truly vulnerable we all are especially these individuals who already found sobriety and gave up to ultimately not get another chance. It's an awful reminder what we all have at stake. I hope you have someone not too far away to hug. Congrats on your continued strength and sobriety. Much love to you.  
One of my cousins died at 49 he basically drank himself to death. He had been in the hospital with liver failure and they ended up putting him on hospice care and on the day they let him go home he passed away later that evening.
I have lost 3 friends while sober. 2 to addiction.  Just make sure you are not the next one.  Try to find people you can talk to. It is very dangerous for an addict to keep what their feeling and thinking bottled up inside. It is what causes a huge amount of relapse.  We are here for you.
Research cannot be going back to the bottle (or DOC). Actual research must be on addiction and what is working. Please take a moment and find out other alternatives...I am going to a Smart Recovery meeting tonight and I am excited. The last one was excellent..
Powerful stuff. I'm so sorry for your loss. Thanks for sharing and honoring your friends through sobriety. 
