-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kc6eg/thank_you_all_for_being_so_honest_about_relapses/

It really helps me get over the disappointment in myself when I drink but most importantly it makes me realize that I'm not too weak to make another go of it...Here's to another day one!
----------immediate responses--------

You got this!!! I'm on day 3 (after relapse) and already feel more empowered &amp; optimistic. IWNDWYT   
I've been yo-yoing back and forth the past couple months. For awhile there it got so bad I was embarrassed to reset my badge because it was literally every other day. I'm on day 3 of not drinking right now after a 3 day bender and I feel so happy and strong that I can't imagine ever drinking again but really like everyone around here says; I need to just worry about being sober today.   
I have always believed that there is always hope so long as there is breath in the body there is always hope xxx You can do this :).
I like to imagine the badge setter person going  reset again? Well all right. ..Let's all save them some work today :)
"Fall down seven get up eight"......  Japanese Proverb
I firmly believe that the people that return after a slip are some of the strongest ones here. It's like the old saying about flying with wings of wax but they were able to pull back before it got too late again!  
I admire the people who are open about their relapses too. recovery is a long and twisted road sometimes and reading their threads and the comments reminds me that this isn't my only shot at sobriety and peace of mind. it's a journey.
a relapse and the beginning are definitely the hardest but you got this.
Same here! IWNDWYT!
Hey you're back here and that's a great thing in and of itself! It happens. I've relapsed a few times already this year but each time I get a harsh reminder of why I need to not drink. ..Stay strong and focus on the present. IWNDWYT
I've been back and forth in staying sober and complex drinking myself to oblivion but it's important to want to stop the latter. It's part of you're recovery! Keep trying and good luck my friend. You can make it to that second day!
Ya seeing all the posts about badge resets and renewed efforts was really motivating to me. I reset after like 800 days and here we go again. So far so good! 
Yes it's a good reminder that we are a collective and day 4389 is in principle the same as day 4. I went through cycles. I would quit and white knuckle it through that first weekend and sometimes even two weekends and make it to wednesday or thursday and stop at the bar on my way home from work. Once the first drink was down there was actually a huge feeling of RELIEF because at least I didn't have to worry if I'd make it another day sober. In those times it seemed like I had no other choice but to drink and it's a very helpless and desperate feeling.
I'm on another day one as well. Just reset my badge. We're here and that's what counts.
I think like I'm on day 1 everyday I'm sober. One day at a time.  I've bounced back and forth so many times. Right before I relapsed last time I wrote here  this time  it feels different .  I'm not saying that anymore.  I'm just saying today I'm here I'm here with you my friend. I won't drink with you today. 
It's worth it to keep going. No matter what keep pushing forward.
In the same boat with ya friend. We live and learn and get better at this. 
This is a journey to humility that's for sure! The trying and failing at something's I truly wanted (sobriety) was a huge eye-opener for me. I have so much empathy for the struggles others face as a result of my alcoholism. If it were easy to quit well it just wouldn't teach us the same lessons would It? It's not about how many times you fail it's about how many times you give up. Never give up! I believe in you.
[removed]
I've been OK so far.  But to me it's all about examples...and learning from them!..Agreed.
I have been hoping to post soon but haven't been able to. I got a lot of support a month back when I was on 3l a week now I'm in bed drinking up to 4l a week honestly can't even get the strength to make a post or to even try. 
I've already written this and deleted it. I post on a throwaway a month ago and have since gotten so much worse I can't even bring myself to post again for help. ..Reading this page does help. I am more or less bed bound during this relapse. Please do not let it get as bad as I have. 
I'm with you. Back to day one after four days. This post is encouraging though. I posted recently about relapsing recently too. You're not alone! 
An infrequent relapse in the span of a year does considerably less damage than the cycle of unchallenged alcoholism allowed to exist all year.  You are still way ahead of your past self...just your aims are higher now!  
