-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kmpjb/im_this_close_to_just_throwing_in_the_effing_towel/

After my melodramatic post yesterday about not being invited out by my old friends anymore i took the advice of you lovely people and went out of my way to contact them. Some for dinner last night some for breakfast this morning (the ones who wouldnt be hungover) and surprise surprise everyones busy. Everyones busy doing things and didnt bother to invite me. I dont care if i sound bratty when i say this because its like this all the time. Ive spent the last month alone and im tired of trying to make plans and get rejected over and over. I know i said it didnt hurt but it does. I Haven't been able to make new friends and my old ones obviously dont care to have me around at all. The struggle to stay away from the bar is real right now why bother with my sobriety if no one is around to give shit about it anyways. Hammered or sober im still alone and im So. Fucking. Over this. Why try when no one cares... ..
----------immediate responses--------

I get this. I've made plans with my friends only to be blown off or they are too busy. I just stopped begging for their friendship. They have my number. I'm not gonna stress over it. Tgat was maybe 3 months ago. Fuck it sucks sometimes. But you know I'm not gonna drink over it. If I did I'd just hit them up and be aggressive. And I would definitely feel horrible the next day with the exact same feelings I had before drinking. I don't know if this helps but I feel you. You don't have to drink over it. Be good to yourself. ..I will not drink with you today 
I'm struggling today too..but we can do this. IWNDWYT 
Because hangovers suck balls and you will destroy your organs. 
When I first got sober I sometimes felt it would be easier to keep drinking so I could join my "friends" and social circle again. Then I thought why would I give up something good (sobriety) to hang out with a bunch of people who clearly don't want me around (as evidenced by their lack of concern/contact)? That doesn't make much sense. I made new friends...
Because you dont want the bottle to win do you? Fight!
We're all with you pulling together. You're not alone here  
Dude. I'm so sorry. What's the saying? .."With friends like you who needs enemies?" ..Sometimes our friends make us feel more alone than when we're actually alone. ..I moved a lot as a kid like maybe 6 times? And I never felt more alone and terrible than I did when I started to get pushed away by my group of friends when I was a freshman in college. Out of nowhere they suddenly decided that nope they no longer wanted me around and completely phased me out. (Actually I learned later that it was one girl who decided she no longer liked me so and everyone else followed her lead until she moved away and then they all came back. So lame.) ..Anyway it sucked. Added another scar to my life. ..But! I did eventually find my people. It took a while and I probably wrote a lot of bad poetry drank a lot of shitty wine and fell off a few barstools. But I did eventually find them. And when I did I kept them like souvenirs. (They're still my friends to this day actually. Although we don't get to see each other much anymore thanks to all of us having so many damn kids. :] )..You might feel alone right now and you might actually be alone right now but drinking will make that loneliness tenfold. I can assure you of only that. And there will be forever friends in your future. It just might take a little while. ..I'm sorry you're hurting though. 
It sounds like your feelings are hurt and you're lonely and their inattention is making you feel insignificant. They might not be good friends at the end of the day maybe they're just drinking buddies. Try to add new friends into your circle. Maybe parents of your child's friends maybe people from AA maybe people from meetup.com who share your hobbies or pastimes. I'm not saying you should breakup with all your current friends but maybe add some people and activities to your life so you're not depending on them so much
This is going to sound kind of shitty but the more you obsess about being left out or your friends not caring about you the more toxic those feelings will get and the less appealing it will become to be around you.  Even if you're right and they're being bad friends it's not going to make you any happier or fun to be around if you allow yourself to fall into this hole of negative self focus.  I struggled with this when I was younger in the context of jealousy.  I was insecure and jealous and slowly but surely that became the core of my personality and emotional state.  My happiness and sense of self were in someone else's hands and I had stopped piloting my own ship.  I was waiting for someone else to put the wind in my sails. ..You owe it to yourself to pull out and find some inner peace. 
I think this is a hard part of not drinking.  I have lost  friends  from my childhood. 25 year friends because of drugs and alcohol. It all depends on where I want to place sobriety on my list of priorities. If I put it number one those friends don't matter...When I have conversations or interactions sober. They are meaningful to me. When I am around people that are drunk and I am sober I wonder why was I friends with these people. I understand the loneliness I hope you can battle through. We are all here for you. IWNDWY 
We do it because in a life where we leave the bottle behind there is hope.  A future...If we continue to live by the bottle we'll just get more of what we already got.  ..IWNDWYT ..
I came here looking for posts on this very subject. I've been thinking about starting to drink again because I feel so isolated. 
