-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kt4lv/day_one/

I've decided today that I've finally had enough. I crossed the line last night when I seriously considered killing myself over something I can't even recall today. The last few months have involved me getting progressively worse each weekend - spending more and more money and making poorer decisions. I've had to use 5 days of my annual leave this year for Mondays where the hangover has lingered and I can't bear for anyone to see me because in my head they view me as a pathetic mess. Alcohol has seriously stifled my general life progress. ..I will need to find a way to re-wire my brain. All I can think about now is upcoming events where my mind is solely focused on the alcohol or how much more fun those events would be with it or how much I will be missing out if I don't drink. I fear that I will always have an alcoholic mindset and I can imagine having that mindset will wear on me just as much as alcohol does right now. I just want to enjoy and make more of my life without having alcohol constantly looming over me...Apologies if this post comes across as a bit meandering. It's the first time my struggles have come out of my head. It's weird seeing it all put in writing but I just needed to put it somewhere. ..Apart from all that I'm ok I think I'm just tired.  ..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. It sounds like you have a great state of mind about everything so far! Good for you for anticipating the future and having a plan \(success is all about planning ahead when it comes to drinking IMO\). I think you deserve to be gentle and go easy on yourself take it one day at a time and live in the moment. The healing will come. ..When I started here I posted all the time and it really helped me. I wish you the best of luck and all the happiness in the world. IWNDWYT
Congrats on making that decision! The first 4 days were pretty tough for me but I'm starting to feel better generally. You got this! 
I had to work at rewiring my brain.  Here's some thinking that helps me:..I realized that I have romanticized notions of what drinking is like.  In my head drinking is this magical experience.  In reality here is what it is like: I am tense and rush to get to the first drink I chug beer quickly I feel down and tired for an hour or so I pass out I wake up at 2am to pain and shame scared to face the day.  The reality doesn't match the idealized image in my head.  I have worked hard to change that.  Every time the voice in my head says drinking will be fun I say  it's not as good as I think it is.   Then I run down the above scenario.  I have done this enough times to start to develop negative associations with drinking.  This makes the cravings less...Best wishes to you!
Thank you reading the comments has been immensely helpful. The first real test will come this weekend. I've already caught myself thinking that "if I can keep this up long enough eventually I can go back to drinking responsibly". I've shut that thinking down as quickly as possible. I know I can't - it's my alcoholic brain still fighting for it's place in my life. ..It's going to be a long road but I'm glad this subreddit exists I've spend most of my day just reading through all of the posts. It's helping me stay focused. 
