-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kxehh/one_beer_led_to_a_weekend_of_binge_drinkingday_1/

I suffered another relapse late last week. I was on day 3 of sobriety when I was offered a beer. I work a blue collar type job where drinking after work is not only expected it's encouraged. I hadn't told my coworkers the truth about my drinking however I did mention I was wanting to cut back and played it off as though it's part of a diet. ..Anyways I got off work Thursday evening and had no more than clocked out and was offered a beer. I hesitated and said I better not but part of me wanted it. Rather than taking off and heading home right then I continued to hang around talking to some coworkers who had already began drinking beers from a cooler. Eventually I caved and took the beer. After that I told myself I've already messed up so I might as well get more and that's exactly what I did. ..I spent Thursday Friday and Saturday nights drunk. Saturday night ended with me spending way too much money at a bar and getting very drunk and staying out very late. I wasted all of my Sunday laying in bed hungover. ..All that crap ends today. I messed up but I'm back here and on day one again. Looking forward to starting the week sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it. IWNDWYT
Way to get right back on it! 
Small world - I've met that beer before.
So what are you going to do next time you are offered a beer?
"Hey actually I got plans later so I have to be okay to drive"."Nah I'm good right now feeling pretty happy don't want to mess this up heh"."I just took meds I'm can't drink on'..Sucks that we have to lie about it just to be safe the peer pressure and judgment is fucking REAL and FRIGHTENING. ..Good luck keep coming back resets are nothing but part of the process :) the most courageous thing you can do is just say no to that first drink. :)
I never understood this behavior. I was in a very similar job years ago. Every Friday evening the boss would shut down and we'd all have some drinks. I started thinking how can I trust the judgement of someone who strongly encourages putting all of his employees...most of which are CDL holders in danger of getting a DUI which he would have likely fired the employee for getting? 
Try again. Next time plan to make a quick exit you you are not tempted as much. Easier to resist the less temptation there is. ..IWNDWYT
