-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l0eik/day_1_again_and_i_need_support/

So today I woke up after chucking yet another 3 litres of strong cider down my throat and I felt different. The penny had dropped. I finally decided I HAVE to stop doing this to myself. And to my family. I have to stop making excuses stop lying to everyone and to myself. ..So I rang the local AA helpline. I'm waiting for a call back from one of the ladies in my area but in the meantime I'm struggling what on earth do I do in between getting support?? When I'm on my own I usually drink and now I feel empty. Alcohol has been my only friend for so long. It's lost me jobs friends relationships for over many years and now that I am looking through sober eyes all I feel is overwhelming guilt and regret. The realisation that I am responsible for so much loss and heartache is almost unbearable. I think that's why I drink so much to try and block it out which is ridiculous as it's the reason for all the loss in the first place. I feel completely unmotivated I have no job and it's all so depressing. ..Any words of wisdom to get me through the boredom of sobriety would be greatly appreciated. Alcohol has made me lose my zest for life and I've forgotten how to be happy without it. Im terrified I'm going to die after so many years of self-neglect (I'm 40) can I even heal and come back from this? ..Wend
----------immediate responses--------

welcome back. the only way is up. the thing with drinking is that it just multiples the shit with which you still have to deal with at some point. this is what took me many relapses to figure out and i used to just stay drunk all day every day figuring that i can live in that neverland forever but unfortunately it doesn't work like that. it is all still there waiting for you...this place is amazing there is so much support and wisdom. whilst you are waiting reach out on here as often as you need there is a chat function in the sidebar too which helped me a lot in the early days. ..you absolutely can heal and come back from this - some of the recovery stories on here are just mind blowing; people's resilience and strength blows my mind every day. ..get back to basics focus on staying sober one day at a time. i found that as the sober days stacked up all the other obstacles in my life became surmountable. things will start falling into place. ..in the meantime we are here for you. IWNDWYT!
The boringness is temporary so I'd focus on getting through just one day then another until the alcohol is out of your system and you can start to see light. There's no permanent emptiness you have to worry about and nothing bad you need to be afraid of (as long as withdrawal is not a danger). ..There will be time to account for the things you feel you've lost time to work with the regrets but right now your body is working hard and I think you're doing enough in just staying as present as you can and starting this work. It's hard and you just need your focus right now not punishment. If I had my wish you'd just support yourself each day with little nurturing things--treats fruits sparkly water blankets baths sappy movies--and let the other things wait for a minute until you have more strength clarity and a little pride in accomplishment...Let's take it slowly so we don't get overwhelmed just put one foot in front of the other and build the foundation that will make the rest possible. I won't drink with you today. &lt;3
I understand. I am 39 and also terrified that this is going to be my death. I drink to numb the pain the pain of terrible things that can happen in life. Drinking makes everything worse though. On top of things that can happen it creates just a bigger mess. I've also lost a lot because of the drinking. We need to stop. We are ruining our health our life our ability to be/feel happy and calm we lose our zest for life as you say it. I am also very ashamed of my behavior but it won't help us. We have to try to focus on what we can do to make it better. You are not alone in this. I still believe we can heal and we can come back from this. Thank you for sharing your story. I will not drink with you today. 
