-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l1w48/28_days_longest_streak_in_adult_life/

Yesterday marked four successful weeks of sobriety.  The longest streak I've recorded since I began drinking regularly at age 16.  I'm very proud of myself because it means I am no longer a 'drinker' by default.  It means I've consciously decided what I'm putting in my body and I have total control over it.  It makes me excited for the future because I know I don't have to be dependent on alcohol anymore...I feel guilty admitting this here but the first four weeks weren't that hard.... this time.  I've tried to quitting and moderation many times in the past few years but never had any success longer than a few days.  This time was different for many reasons but mainly one simple (embarrassing) experience was an emotional turning point for me.  I work up the next morning motivated and determined more than ever to quit.  I finally admitted that moderation wouldn't work.  I admitted that I did have a drinking problem (though not an alcoholic - thanks to a timely post here for defining it for me).  I also accepted that it was ok to never drink again.  I visualized many future scenarios without alcohol and got comfortable that it would be ok to be sober in all of them...I'm glued to this sub and it has been one of the few if only places in my life where people understand what I'm going through and why.  My apologies for sometimes treating the sub like my diary but it helps.  ..I don't think I'll feel totally successful until I make it at least a year because there are so many cyclical events each year that always involved drinking for me.  I need to get through all of them to prove myself...In my mind the door isn't open to relapse.  I don't envision a scenario where I would drink again.  Though I know it can happen at any time.  However even if it does the progress I've made isn't lost.  It's still worth it to have quit for however many days I end up quitting.  My life is unbelievably better in the last four weeks.  I've lost about 5% of my body weight.  My eyes have cleared up and are actually white now.  My skin has cleared up.  I sleep great for 7-8 hours a night and no longer take melatonin to get to sleep.  I'm engaged and motivated at work. . I'm engage and motivated as a father and husband.  Nearly all aspects of life have improved and I can't identify a single negative that's resulted from quitting...I'm finally living my life to the fullest.  I'm no longer just getting through each day and using alcohol to zone out...I'm happy...Thank you all for the help.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you found any new activities to help replace the old bad ones?..That's always been the hard part for me.
Well done mate!!  Congratulations!!
[Congrats on 4 weeks Dubya!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT94urc-MVw)..I'm happy to hear that you're enjoying the many benefits of sobriety. Keep goin'!
Thanks for posting \- At 20 days I'm right behind you and you are a fantastic role model.  I also feel amazingly great.  I can't believe how awesome it is to have evening conversations without having to worry about remembering anything.  This is my longest streak basically forever and it feels fabulous and fragile at the same time.  You rock!
