-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l4wi1/blacked_out_on_friday_how_did_this_happen/

Hey guys I had a pretty scary experience on Friday and am looking for some answers.  Seriously considering stopping drinking...I am a 32 year old female throw away for obvious reasons about 115lbs.  I blacked out Friday.  Nothing like this has ever happened to me and I am really confused.  When I review the night I don't seem to have consumed that much alcohol and part of me wonders if I was maybe drugged...Anyways I was out with my mom of all people she was visiting from out of town.  We ate a huge dinner at about 5:30PM with two glasses of red wine each.  I sipped an ounce of fernet instead of dessert...I took her to my friend's beer release.  I had 2 12 ounce beers one of them was about 7.4% and one maybe 5.5%.  I might have had one more 12 ounce beer in there I just can't remember.  We were here for a few hours hanging out with friends and having a good time...On the way home we stopped into a cocktail bar and I had a rob roy (2 ounces of whisky 1 ounce of vermouth).  I went home around 11:30 walked the dog - don't remember this - and then things took a turn for the worse...My mom (who was fine and drank about the same amount as me) said I started acting strange and sleepy.  Apparently drinking water from a bowl instead of a cup and then passed out in my bed with all my clothes on.  She tried to get me to take them off but I wouldn't move.... She put me in recovery position and checked on me in an hour and said I was fine.  She said she checked my pulse and it was like 120 (which seems really bizarre)...I woke up at 5:30am and couldn't figure out why my hair was wet with something clumpy in it.  I realized it was vomit.  I stumbled up and into the bathroom to wash it out... and realized it was a lot of vomit.  At this point I was pretty freaked out.  Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.  I don't typically puke from drinking nor black out.  I know how serious this is and am thankful my mom took all the steps to make sure I was okay.  ..I walked back into my room and there was vomit all over the floor.  Like everything I had eaten for dinner came back up the sheer volume of vomit was staggering.  I don't understand how this much food could have gone undigested...My mom came and helped me clean up the puke (so sorry mom sigh) and I spent the next 12 hours horizontal feeling like absolute garbage...I am really struggling with this I don't know how I could have become so drunk so quickly.  I have scared myself.  Did I consume enough in 6 hours to do this to myself?  Has this happened to anyone else before?..TL;DR:..I consumed the following;.- 2 glasses of red wine.- 1 ounce fernet.- 12oz beer (7.4%).- 12oz beer (5.5%).- maaaaybe 12 oz beer.- rob roy (2oz whisky 1oz sweet vermouth)..Over the course of a 6 hour period after a huge dinner.  Was this enough to black me out?  Has this happened to you before?  Could I have been drugged?..Thanks guys and go easy I know I am an idiot.
----------immediate responses--------

One thing I want to stress:..If you think that there was any sort of foul play ( being drugged hurt etc ) get to a doctor ASAP. ..Either way I've had times where I could throw back a 26er of hard liquor and walk away like it was nothing and other times I would have a drink or two and end up in no mans land. I'm about your size ( 115 max I don't own a scale anymore but I can usually guesstimate ) and  it really does very. I know that it's worse when I'm out because I space out my drinks and can usually start   feeling   them much too late to mitigate the effects...My suggestion is to take care and not be too hard on yourself. You're home and you're safe that's what's important.
That sounds like a very scary experience I'm glad your mom was able to look after you. I find often if I drink after a big meal (or during) it takes the alcohol longer to "kick in" so I'll be on drink 3 and think "I can handle another drink or two" when really my body has only processed 1 of those drinks so far. If you feel comfortable doing so (or having somebody else do so) and think you may have been drugged let the bar owner/manager know. Some don't care but some keep a pretty active eye on activity in their establishment and would want to know something's up. You don't have to tell the whole story it can just be "I think somebody put something in my drink/my friends drink on night x" and that's it...If you want to stop drinking you'll find lots of lovely supportive people here and plenty of wisdom &lt;3..
Towards the end of my drinking there was no rhyme or reason to what would happen when I'd drink. Sometimes I'd have 1.5 bottles wine and be fine another night I'd have 3 glasses and black out. It was scary.
