-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l59e5/ive_27f_been_sober_almost_9_months_which_makes_me/

I found myself falling into a habit of regularly drinking getting myself into bad situations and generally having no self control. If I'm honest with myself it's been going on for 10+ years... but September last year was when I had to make a real change because issues were escalating and going south really quick.. I'm 9 month sober I haven't looked back and life is goooood! ..Enough about me. The person I spent most my time drinking with was a girl in our friendship. She was always the biggest drinker of the group it's always been a running joke and I never really thought much of it until recently. Over the last 6 months things have got really bad. She's not in a good place (struggling being single living with parents hates her job no money) and she drinks everyday to excess. ..Everybody in my friendship group has agreed for 6+ months that she has a drinking problem but nobody wants to confront her. Friends have suggested I speak to her as I don't drink anymore but i used to drink with her a lot. I feel uncomfortable about this because I feel like she'll think I'm getting on my high-horse and being a hypocrite but this isn't the case at all - I just want the best for her. My friends aren't pressuring me to speak to her I guess it's just nobody wants to do it! ..I feel like I'd be helping by saying something but equally she doesn't seem to think she has a problem. Whenever people joke about her having an alcohol problem she'll laugh and encourage it. I know when I was aware that my drinking was a problem I was very cautious and embarrassed about those kinds of statements. ..Should I say something and help my friend or wait for things to get progressively work and be the one that didn't do anything? But then again who's to say she won't just continue being a functioning alcohol/drinker!? 
----------immediate responses--------

Does she really think she does not have a problem....or do you think she knows its a problem and just says that to shut down the conversation?  If you are totally uncomfortable speaking to her directly....write her a letter.   Put forth your love and concern for her don't judge or be accusatory......and tell her that when and if she does decide to make a change you will be there for her.  Come from a place of sincerity and positivity.  She might get really pissed but that is on her....not you.  Also the letter allows her to re-read it and possibly let the words sink in more.  
Congrats on your 9 months that's awesome! ..I know that when I was drinking no intervention or statement by anybody would have helped me stop. I was in quite the denial and I had to reach my bottom before I really considered any form of long-term sobriety. I knew it was a problem before then but I wasn't really motivated to address it. ..Sounds like you're in a tough spot. At least if you tell her you're concerned about her you'll feel less/not guilty when she goes farther down the drinking rabbit hole? The drinking might just be the more obvious manifestation of some internal pain she's going through if that's the case you could probably talk to her about that and she'd be more receptive than if you talk about her drinking. I know I had no problem talking about my depression when I was at many drinks a day.
This might be a little thing but a lot of the online questionnaires for alcoholism and addiction include an item about  other people have commented on my drinking or suggested I might have a problem.    If you (or someone else) brings it up (gently and nonjudgmentally) she won't be able to answer  no  for that item.  ..If she's running through a list of reasons she does or doesn't need to quit (like we all did at one point) having that one extra point toward  yes you have a problem  could help nudge her in a healthy direction.  Just a thought!..~Caroline
Absolutely speaking from my own experience and view here but personally I wouldn't bring it up directly. A few friends tried this with me and even the most gentle approach made me angry and feel worse about myself leading me to drink more because fuck it going to lose my friends anyway. ..As /u/thecraveytrain pointed out there is probably some underlying cause here that is going to be much more productive to talk about. You said she hates her job lives with her parents etc. Maybe have a heart to heart with her about that in which you can mention "...and it seems like you've been drinking more recently I can relate" or something along those lines. I think expressing genuine concern about where someone seems to be at emotionally is a good thing to do. But approaching it as solely a drinking problem would hurt my feelings in her shoes a lot of time people find alcohol comforting because they feel like other people don't understand what they're going through or how they feel. ..Also don't do it if you don't want to or if you feel pressured by your friends. You have your own sobriety to worry about (hard to tell from your post if you identify as a problem drinker) and I'd be a little annoyed if my friends asked me to do the same as the sober mascot. Gee I sure come off as overly sensitive in this post!..Regardless good luck with whatever you decide to do it sounds like you are already very thoughtful about this so I think as long as you practice empathy things will go fine.
I hear someone say something in an AA meeting once that really stuck with me. Before he got sober a sober friend of his said  if drinking ever stops being fun for you let me know.  Only those of us with a drinking problem understand that sentence. It's been the only thing I've ever felt comfortable saying to people who seem like they're struggling. Otherwise I try to lead by example and demonstrate that sober life doesn't suck. 
It's not a simple situation but there's a simple answer. Don't give advice that you don't want to give. There will come a time when you will feel all right with the idea of talking to your friend on her drinking but if you're not comfortable with that interaction then it's not necessary for you to put either you or her in the situation. Also while 9 months is definitely a milestone worth being proud of it's hard to give advice from a place of successful sobriety to a person who has never experienced it. Try logging so non-alcoholic hours with her push the topic away from her drinking test the waters before bringing up her sobriety. This is the sort of thing that someone has to realize on their own you can act as a conduit for their realization but it has to be a decisions she genuinely makes for herself. 
Maybe asking her what she thinks how she is going would be better?.Listening rather than judging?
