-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lav3r/alcoholic_dad_coming_to_visit_today/

I have been struggling for the last few weeks but I'm doing really well. I have more energy and I have been working out and just feeling better in general...I'm a bit nervous about my dad coming to visit. He drank heavily ever day for years. He doesn't drink every day anymore (from what I can tell) but he does still drink and when he does he usually has too much. ..I know he will want to drink wine after driving all day to get here. I don't have any in the house so he will want me to go the liquor store and get some; he will want a box. ..I have recently stopped drinking 2-2.5 boxes a week and I am worried. ..I need some strength! 
----------immediate responses--------

Ooh! I have first hand experience on this one. My mom came to visit a while back. She filled my alcohol free home with wine. It was pretty goddamed miserable. If I could tell you a few things it would be (a) make him buy his own supply. I had to buy her a bottle and that put me in a whole world of cravings. (b) have something you can do to break up the monotony of the drinking hours. I didn't really have that and I was bitchy and grumpy the whole time. Next time I'll have a project that holds my attention a bit better or maybe even some "appointments I can't miss" which would probably involve going to get ice cream by myself LOL. ..Also be prepared for some mega cravings after he leaves. We are here for you! You can get through this!
I have set some rules for my house. If you want to drink that's fine but you gotta BYOB. Secondly I don't drink so offering me a drink is a no-go. And lastly you have to take any leftovers with you even if it means that you have to dump it...My house. My rules.
I'm gonna have to be a savage and say nope. After relapsing so many times over the last few years and having to face that alone I am incredibly fierce about my AF boundaries now. I am a mama bear when it comes to my own sobriety. Because if there is one thing I've learned the people who don't respect your AF lifestyle aren't gonna be the ones to comfort you the next day when you have crippling shame and/or a hangover. Don't buy anything for him. If he wants to drink he can go to the liquor store himself and even better go drink somewhere else other than your place. Tell him before he gets there what your rules are. I come from a family of social drinkers it was really hard at first to go to my mom's house since she has a beer keg beer fridge and tons of wine and booze everywhere but i told everyone to not offer me anything- not even a sip or a beer. every time I would go over there they would say "Oh I know you're not drinking any more but we have this amazing tequila if you want to try..." I don't play that game anymore. It's just a flat no. Same thing with my dad big scotch drinker and we'd always have a shot or two after dinner while talking about politics or watching sports. I told him not to even offer it to me or I wouldn't come by to visit him anymore. And when they come to my place it's an AF zone. Anyone who thinks it's cute to try to turn my place into a non AF zone is no longer welcome back because once again I've spent too many sad depressing days and nights completely alone trying to come back from a relapse.  Anyway glad you have been doing well the last few weeks and I hope you can enjoy the visit with your dad.
My alcoholic father and step mom were just in town so I feel the struggle. Literally everywhere we went they were drinking. I will tell you it was a lot easier this time around than it was last year stay strong!
Mom is an alcoholic and usually comes to visit with her own bottle I informed her "no booze in my home"..So I had a minor surgical procedure in Feb and I got a friend to pick me up at the hospital..If he wants wine go to a restaurant and have a nice meal. You drive..IWNDWYT!
I fully get this \- I've been a hermit since I stopped drinking but I can't do "dry people dry places" if family is involved. When I still thought drinking was "the point" I loved having this in common with my parents...  ..They came to visit me this weekend and I nearly cracked. My dad drank five beers in about an hour and I wanted to start chugging too just to find him less annoying. Then my mom made a comment about me drinking a Coke because it's "poison." ..It was so hard \- for me to abstain sure but then for me to realize that maybe my relationship with my parents was maybe not as fabulous as I thought. Is drinking together the only thing we have in common? Could I really spend a vacation or a holiday with them in the future and enjoy myself the same way as I had before? ..I pulled through somehow \- lots of cigarette breaks ordered us takeout and went for a drive by myself to pick it up \- the 10 minutes away from them allowed me to refocus. It's an awful feeling to not want to be around the people I love the most but I just can't plan another visit with them anytime soon. ..I'm hoping that as I learn more about who I am without alcohol I'll start finding more opportunities for "sober fun" with the fam. Here's wishing you strength through the visit!! 
Do everything to keep yourself safe .. you will look after your dad better if you stay sober .. fact .. best wishes 
Well good news - he went and got himself a bottle. At least it's not a box and at least he will probably finish it before I get home! 
