-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lfle3/200_days_questions_for_the/

I'm here at 200 days.  Listen life is hella better without alcohol in it.  I didn't drink super "often".  But that was mainly due to the fact that I was still doing mental gymnastics to hide it from everyone around me.  I spent a lot of time angry about the fact that I wasn't able to drink as often or even as freely as I wanted to..I "cherished" times where I could be alone to drink.  When my still-boyfriend (now fianc ) was out of town work trips trips to visit my family when my fianc  could not make it.  Those were the times I would try to drink the most..There were also nights where I became emboldened to wait until my fianc  fell asleep and under the guise of "being on the phone with my mom" or doing work in our basement or whatever excuse--I would get wasted in our basement alone.  Listening to music cruising the internet.  Texting friends calling people I typically didn't have the energy to talk to.  I felt like I could be "happy" and "normal" and do the things I knew I needed to do (e.g. call someone I had been meaning to reach out to) but when sober didn't always want to do.  .And I drank to get fucked up.  I wasn't under some disillusionment that I was going to drink to have two glasses of chilled white wine and call it a day.  No the planning involved in this wouldn't have been worth it for only two glasses of wine.  These events had a minimum of a box of white wine (preferably Black Box pinot grigio) and then at least another bottle or two of brut champagne.  Dry white wines.  At the end that's the only thing that could sit ~ok~ with me.  Other things weren't "working".  And I liked the type of drunk I could get with wine. .I also couple my drink with Blu menthol e-cigs.  By the way I wasn't a smoker a former smoker or someone trying to quit.  Somewhere after I graduated law school a law school cohort a year ahead of me who had become a practicing attorney and himself a problem drinking--said that smoking ecigs helped him in his office during the day.  And it was much more acceptable and easier to hide than an actual cig or chewing tobacco--which was what he preferred.  This guy had been a childhood friend of mine.  I know that within the last year or so he has had one bout of pancreatitis which lead him into hospital care.  I'm not sure where he is with those things now.  I don't speak with him much and consider him an acquaintance.  I do wish him well though..Anyway.  What I learned was since my body had been previously burnt out from stimulants and caffeine nicotine could cut my alcohol intake.  A little.  Probably minutely.  But I bought into it.  And soon enough I paired my drinks with ecigs.  .Last spring (2017) I had a bit of sobriety on my own.  Less than two full months.  It was a serene time.  I remember feeling awful when I knew I was going to break my sobriety.  I hadn't reached out to anyone or told anyone about going sober so turns out it was pretty fucking easy to break my sobriety.  After that relapse the summer was kind of . . . blurry.  I had a busy summer with work.  Where I excelled.  My drinking did not get in the way there.  I mean I think. I'm sure it leaked in if I'm being honest (which I am)..I remember feeling disappointed that I had broke my sobriety before I got my new puppy.  My fianc  gave me a puppy for my birthday.  I felt great guilt every time I drank after we got her.  I thought it could be a new leaf for me to turn over.  Get sober for the dog..Not how it works guy.  I mean.  It can.  I've heard of many a dog as a Higher Power before.  But I didn't have those tools yet..Anyway.  The culmination of my drinking spiked at the end of summer/early fall of last year.  I found myself doing things that became more concerning.  Nothing that got me into grave trouble or danger.  But.  Concerning..I can't remember the circumstances but I had the afternoon off.  Knew I had an extra bottle of champagne around.  Drank it.  Realized my tolerance was more fucked than usual.  Was drunker than I had "planned to be" or that I could hide.  And had to think of what to do before my fianc  came home from work that afternoon.  I was supposed to be traveling that week for work.  But only a couple of nights and not that far away from where we lived.  So naturally I called him to tell him that I was unexpectedly needing to leave for one of these trips out of town and that I was sorry I wasn't going to get to say bye to him.  He bought it.  I threw together a bag of clothes got a bunch of fast food and got a box of wine.  Drove my ass to a hotel right in the town we live in.  Not even a necessarily nice one.  Kind of a sad one.  Not very well lit.  .It did have a refrigerator though.  And that kept my wine chilled.  So for the night I was safe to drink my boxed wine in a plastic hotel cup watered down by hotel ice machine ice cubes..What I forgot to pack was unfortunately.  My anxiety medication.  Which I did not take when I was drinking--because you know death..Oh--I should mention.  I have had serious anxiety issues my whole life.  Didn't realize it until it manifested itself into full blown panic attacks at age 21.   But like many of you here and us in the world of alkies yeah.  I had anxiety..So after passing out from a pretty lackluster night in a shitty hotel.  I woke up at 5:30am with screeching anxiety.  And for the first time in a long time an upset stomach..I panicked when I couldn't find my anxiety meds and realized I would have to wait at least 2 hours until I could drive my sorry ass home to get them.  I had a very hard time driving when I was in the middle of a panic attack and was worried the anxiety would be too strong before I could make it home.   Again I had to wait until my fianc  was out of the house.  Because otherwise what were the lies all for?.(Did I say earlier I hadn't put myself in danger when drinking--because that was a load of fucking bullshit if I ever heard one)..Anyway.  On top of anxiety.  I needed to puke.  Something I never had to do after drinking.  I prided myself on it..But here I was.  In the shower trying to warm up to take the chills away (from the anxiety--and withdrawal) and oh oops I'm puking in the shower.  And oh. Look at that.  The drain in this shower isn't working.  I'm actually showering in my own puke.  Cool..I proceeded to get out of the shower.  Kind of clean out the puke but not really.  (When in college I briefly did housekeeping so my apologies to the housekeeping staff that morning--truly)..And then I had to wait.  Wait until my fianc  got out of that damn house..In the meantime I puked a few more times.  Once in the sink as I brushed my teeth.  Maybe twice more in the toilet.  Can't really remember all the details..We had gotten cameras for inside our house and had outside security cameras.  The inside ones to watch our new puppy while we were at work.  I decided I would use those to help me gage when my fianc  finally let the house..I decided I needed to get on the road before my anxiety fully kicked in and felt it would be best to hide on the street on the other side of our house as I waited for my fianc  to leave so I could get those god damn fucking anxiety meds..I waited at least 30 minutes on that side street.  Waiting and watching on our inside camera.  Watching my fianc  have a peaceful morning.  Shuffle around carefully and happily (he isn't a drinker and went full teetotaler quite some time ago).  He got to have a nice long goodbye with our pup.  It all looked so happy.  Nice.  Normal.  Peaceful..I cried as I sat on the other street watching this as I was shaking like a leaf from my anxiety and withdrawal..I wanted what he had.  Peace and serenity.  Not this fucking chaos.  .To be there in the mornings and enjoy it with them..He finally left.  And even left early.  So as to get to work early.  Unlike me chronically running a little late but telling myself my long hours and huge workload gave me that excuse..He left.  I ran into the house.  Cried upon seeing my dog who was confused when I picked her up and kissed her and hugged her.  Took my meds.  Called my office to say I was running a little late for god knows what reason..And knew I was fucked..That wasn't the end of my drinking.  But it certainly was a marker for me of what I considered a bottom.  .I continued to drink more often two times a week instead of two times a month after that incident which really then lasted about a month and a half longer (the drinking)..I closed out my drinking with a work trip wherein I drank so much I missed a ton of awesome opportunities for courses I could have sat in on.  Hid out in my hotel room when I could have explored..And had my final drunk in my old drinking spot.  My basement.  Hanging out with idiots on YouNow.  People I didn't even know.  But felt comfortable enough to talk with while I was drinking.  .That last drunk I knew.  It was different.  I had gone to the liquor store hating myself a little more than I ever had.  Hating the people in there more than ever.  Even as I poured the drink my anxiety roared.  .It was no longer fun...I texted a friend I knew who had been in recovery and involved in AA for a long time.  She asked if I wanted to come to a meeting.  I went to one.  Barely 24 hours sober.  At that meeting a colleague of mine (who I did not know was sober) was receiving her 18 year sobriety chip.  She was surprised to see me.  I was surprised to see her.  I sent a congrats email to her the next Monday at work.  .We have since built an extremely nice friendship and I adore her.  ..She got to watch me receive my 6 month chip this last weekend.  And was very proud for me.  My whole group was.  ..A couple of women I've gotten to know in recovery have recently relapsed.  Some have tried to come back.  It seems harder.  Guilty-er.  Less fun and light.  I know it will be for them again.  Others have fallen off.  One in a psych ward.  Another kicked out of her kids' home.  ..Over the course of my last 6.5 months of sobriety I've had lots of ups and downs.  My anxiety has gotten better.  Much better.  I'm better overall at handling things.  ..I feel that.  Karma/the universe seems to agree with me better as I lead this life.  I don't know if it's true.  But.  It seems to.  ..I don't live 100% honestly.  I have still told lies that I have not worked through in my 5th and 11th steps.  ..I've worked through my steps and often feel guilty that I'm not doing enough or that my sponsor who is sweet and wonderful thinks I could be doing more not just for myself but for others like me.  And I know she is right...But.  I'm doing what I can on most days...My fianc  as the title denotes happened to propose to me.  Unrelated to the sobriety.  But honestly maybe not.  I asked him the other day as I was struggling to tell him I was planning a relapse how my sobriety has affected him.  He told me his own life has gotten better because of it.  He doesn't have to feel as worried and anxious for me.  He cares a lot about me.  It would break his heart if I went back to hurting myself...Initially I didn't lose weight.  In fact I was getting thicker it seemed.  But then after the proposal found it pretty damn easy to knock off 19 pounds (I now sit about 15 pounds down--but it can fluctuate).  ..I look hella good y'all.  I gotta say.  I look pretty good...So why on earth in the last week or so have I been suddenly feeling almost "unable" to think forward the thoughts of relapsing?..Well I have two travel plans in the next month.  This coming weekend back home to a lake which I have done now at least a few times sober.  But one requiring flight in a few weeks.  This type of travel and business travel I have not done yet sober.  I'm future tripping...And maybe other things too.  Getting caught up.  I'm just.  I'm caught up.  Instead of letting myself live.  I'm ready to self-sabotage.  The "ism" in my mind has lead me to believe something I spent 6 months knowing was untrue--that the few hours of "relief" I artificially get from a poison doesn't outweigh the after affects. ..And I needed to share this all with you.  Whoever is so brave and kind enough to read this to the end...I am struggling the worst I have in sobriety.  And I really want to believe I will make it through the other side.  I will make it to my wedding this summer continuing on this little train of sobriety.  One 24 hours at a time.  ..I guess that's the kicker.  I just have today.  I certainly can allow myself to think about my wedding how disappointing it would be to fuck up before such an important event in my life.  One I will share with the man who is so proud of me for who I am...And the work I do.  For a very long time I felt terribly guilty for the work I do professionally and the fact that I couldn't honestly look people in the eye and talk about behavioral health and addiction knowing I was struggling...It just it all doesn't compute...It seems pretty worth it to stick the course.  Even though I promise you guys it is so fucking hard right now.  And as my fianc  leaves tomorrow night and I am alone without he or my puppy until Monday.  Jesus.  This is going to be potentially hella fucking hard.  But I have you guys.  I have my sponsors.  I have folks to reach out to.  I have books I need to re-read for my own benefit.  Allen Carr This Naked Mind memoirs non-AA and AA related reading material to carry me through this weekend.  A weekend that's supposed to be sunny.  Where I have the luxury of sitting on a brand new pontoon on my favorite body of water.  And read.  Enjoy life.  Breathe...How the fuck would I not choose sobriety?  At least for the sake of that god damn fucking 3 hour drive that would be a bitch of a sad drive home if I drink this weekend.  ..Can I end on that?  That visual image is enough to keep me sober.  Fuck's sake.  ..And you guys too on a sentimental note.  We can make our lives how we want it.  ..I feel a duty here to be one less person who has to say "hey guys sorry relapsed.  It sucked.  Badge reset".  And discourage you on your journeys...And that may be a little to egotistical for those versed in AA but I do feel a duty.  This is a responsibility sobriety.  For myself.  For my alcoholic mother to see me sober.  To break the cycle that has been before me.  ..But mostly for myself.  Because before my dad died when I was 16 before I had my first drunk after that also aged 16--I enjoyed a life of sobriety.  That child-like happiness.  ..I haven't found it yet.  But I'm one stop closer by being sober.  ..I will not drink with you all today.  And I plan to check in every day here to continue not to drink with you.  Each 24 hours we have at a time...Thanks for reading and I love you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Thank you for all of this. I wish I was more eloquent but I can say that your story touched my heart and has given me more strength to keep going.   
Thank you for this. I relate to SO much of what you wrote. I know those feelings the uncertainty the growing pains for me the ever present fear of self sabotage and knowing that I have a part of myself able to be so dark.  But I know that I cannot have the life I want if I were togo back down that path. Know that you aren't alone because you made me feel less alone tonight. IWNDWYT
You are not alone! I can relate to much of your story. Especially about cherishing time to drink alone. It makes me sad to even write that I used to look forward to drinking alone. If I were in your situation I would focus on all the good things happening in your life like your upcoming wedding. Like you said you don't want to sabotage your enjoyment of that day. But every day is worth remaining sober for. ..On another note I have seen too many brides and grooms lose control at their own weddings. Even before getting sober it made me sad knowing they wouldn't remember all of their day and alcohol was making the fun fake. It made me anxious for them because if it were me and I woke up the next day hungover I'd be filled with shame and regret. Not the way I'd want to start married life!
have you been to aa? just curious
