-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lh04j/365_days_today/

I am amazed at myself for staying sober. I never thought I could do this had tried so many times and failed that I didn't trust myself. It felt so daunting and scary to stop drinking. I had realized that I used alcohol as an escape never facing my fears and emotions much rather getting drunk. Whenever something happened that didn't feel good I would drink. I knew this had to stop. I could see that If I kept at it I would slowly ruin my health my relationships my business my looks everything. I knew it was time but I felt so scared. But this time it felt different this time I meant it and promised myself I would do whatever I had to to get and stay sober. It meant reading books about alcoholism visualizing and affirming it meant countless hours of meditations and  stop addiction  self hypnosis (on YouTube I loooooooooved it) and writing my sobriety journal every day. The main difference this time was that I was finally ready to stop running away from my fears and emotions. Instead I faced them mindfully. Really sat with them felt into them let them flow through me and finally run out of stream. In the beginning it was such an overwhelming and scary business to face all these emotions that I had pushed down and numbed for so long. But day by day it felt better and one day I realized that I actually enjoy all those emotions even the so called bad ones. Feeling them meant I was actually alive and growing up. Doing all this work made me feel so proud of myself a great change to the self-loathing I had become so used to. The added energy and clear headedness is a huge bonus also. .It wasn't easy and I really struggled a lot in the beginning. But with every craving I overcame it got a little easier. And the cravings got less and less which kind of surprised me. And no my life is not all roses and rainbows in fact it still sucks on a regular basis. BUT it would suck so much more with a hangover and the constant self-hate. And taking it one day one hour one minute at a time has proved to be a great tactic to face even the worst days. .So a huge thanks to all of you I really appreciate this place of understanding and cheering on. And I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic to read this. Well done for your great number and huge respect to you for sitting with your emotions. Very inspiring. Thank you for posting.
Happy birthday! I've also been trying to sit more with my emotions. It's uncomfortable but it does seem to be getting easier.
Very well done friend!
Congrats. IWNDWYT 
Well done.   Great achievement 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
[Congrats on a YEAR!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)
Congratulations on a year! Here is to living life sober! IWNDWYT 
HaPpY 1 YeAr of Freedom!!!    .Glad to hear you like it so very much .IWNDWYT .
Awesome!! Congrats!!! IWNDWYT!
No thank you. You have nailed so many of the experiences and feelings we go through. IWNDWYT. 
