-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lhb9j/one_week_after_my_relapse/

So it's been one week after I relapsed. I was sober for several moths. I understand why I relapsed and  I understand why I became an alcoholic. I just really have a hard time dealing with the relapse. Struggling with feelings of "weakness shame and sadness" versus "Be kind to yourself shame and guilt won't help you" etc etc. At the moment I have no cravings at all. Having anxiety sinds day one but I don't need the urge to numb it \(my own experience tells me this day will come though even if it takes months\). I think I have no cravings at the moment because my anxiety and sadness also have to do with some bad things that happened in the weeks that lead up to me choosing the horrible option 8 days ago to cave in to drink. I know drinking didn't help it only made me feel worse. I just have been feeling very sad the last 7 days. Not optimistic relieved or even partly happy as I experienced the last time I quit. That scares me. It scares me that maybe I have given up on my life in general. I don't know. Maybe I'm overreacting. The last few days I've tried to do the things that can help me. I've called my old therapist made an appointment. Called my doctor. Checked out the times of AA meetings \(didn't go yet\). Told someone close what happened. Came back here on SD. Tried to hydrate eat healthy sleep shower get up in the morning. But I feel like a ghost with waves of axienty flowing through her body a few times a day. I cry a lot. Don't know why I am posting this kind of depressing message don't want to offend anyone. Maybe someone can relate. Thank you for reading. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

The fact you were able to stop and then stop again after you fell off the wagon is impressive. You didn't fall back into it. You're strong. 
I'll go to an AA meeting when I get back from my work trip tomorrow if you go. Realized I was an alcoholic on Monday morning. Was sober 6weeks with no cravings I'm addicted to tobacco and when I quit that I crave that shit all day so I thought if I was addicted it would be the same. So after six weeks I was going to have one beer. Nope 12 for 5 nights straight. Sober since Monday. ..IWNDWYT 
Definitely can relate. I struggled to get things going early on and each slip made it harder to get back on track - I knew what to do I just couldn't do it. Sometimes I found I just had to go through the motions and later the happier feelings would come around - act first think later. Sounds like you've got a good plan keep putting one foot in front of the other and you've got this!
Thanks for posting this. You are trying so hard. You are being strong and doing the work to keep yourself sober. It's good that you can write down how you feel. Not everyone gets the pink cloud. It takes time to trust yourself and lose the fear ( I still have both too). It's not a bad sign. ..Let's not drink today. Let's not worry about tomorrow.
Hi there .Where do you want to stay now?  If you prefer living sober it's still yours.  Take it.  You get to stay here if you choose.  It's the kind of place we are welcome any time and the longer we stay the better things get.  Sending you peace and good vibes I will gladly not drink with you while you settle back in.  Big hug.
