-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lj3dx/30_days_sober_hasnt_been_easy/

I'm very glad to be at 30\-days and I haven't had any alcohol.  I can't say its been easy.  I struggled yesterday a little.  Overall I will say that as time goes by it is getting easier.  I see so many posts here where folks are having problems even after a year or so and some people even go back to the alcohol.   That's a bit worrisome to me that I'll always be at risk.  I wish I could drink but I know I can't control it.   When I start drinking 'one more' never ends until I'm pretty well trashed.   If I do get forced into stopping after one or two it gets on my nerves really bad and I get antsy as hell.  Its just not worth it to drink anymore.   I have to maintain sobriety no matter what.  Thank you all for your support to me and everyone else on this site.  Its a HUGE help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good point about getting antsy after one or two drinks...There is a need that comes over me it's as if my body is screaming to me  you've started now and it sure as hell is not finishing here .   The gears need changing and only more drinks will do that.  And more more more till god knows when...If I DO finish at 2 or 3 I will feel frustrated edgy antsy.   ..That's why I have stopped altogether.
We will always be at risk.  No matter how far along we go we're always going to be the same distance from the ditch.  One drink away from disaster.  At least today sober it's only one right?  Plus it did get easier after the first couple months to the point where now it's hardly ever that I even think about it and old temptations aren't tempting any more.  Any urge that comes along is an easy target for my sober ninja.  IWNDWYT 
30 days good job! Just keep moving. I am on day 59 went till here ok no cravings but last 4-5 days are bit itchy and nervous witouth any specific reason. I hope it will pass soon. Remember we have a problem which we can not control (alcohol) otherwise we would not be here trying to do what we do. I have accepted the fact I that I don't know how to be a moderate drinker so I have to quit completely. Period! No one said it is going to be easy. With every new day we are closer to victory. Just keep pushing and try to occupy yourself with other things.
Congrats snakebite you're a STAR! ;)
