-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lpy7c/questions_from_a_moderate_drinker/

I see a strong emphasis on the "cold turkey" approach ie "X days since my last drink". But isn't it much easier to regulate your habits slightly than to completely change your lifestyle? That slow-building achievement feels like a ticking timebomb waiting to go off as it climbs higher and higher. ..For example having 1 fewer drinks is surely achievable by more people than completely cutting out the booze. Let's say you typically have 10 drinks a night. Would you really struggle to cut that down to... 9 drinks? Would you even notice the difference? A small move in the right direction could be the beginning of a healthy change...I don't want to discourage anyone who finds success with the first approach. If you can do that then you are clearly master of your own destiny. I apologize if this violates the community guidelines (the link won't load for me). I just think that a move towards moderation is more realistic for many people and it has the added benefit of permitting you to drink moderately let's say with coworkers or just recreationally within safe limits.
----------immediate responses--------

I am obsessive with my drinking and only stop when I've passed out or run out of alcohol. Cold turkey was the only way for me 
Controlling drinking was just not doable for me.  .Moderation is just not doable for me...I see the sense I see the appeal of the possibility of the plan you describe   .but when your "stop drinking" switch is *broken* 10 to 9 to 8 exists only in theory.
I'm an alcoholic.  If I could moderate I wouldn't be one.  So I have to commit to not drinking at all at least for today.  ..If I have a drink I will keep drinking until the bottle is gone or I black out because I'm an addict.
Hey! It's not taboo to ask this at all. Most people here have tried and failed at moderation. There are a few people who take medication like naltrexone to reduce their drinking. ..This is my experience: the first time I had a drinking problem I drank very heavily every day. When I quit I had no withdrawal symptoms. The second time I had a problem I drank far less (1-3 glassesbof wine a night) I only drank after 5 pm and I never drank and drive like not a sip. When I quit much to my surprise I had moderate withdrawal that was very unpleasant and tapered to be safe. I believe I had a kindling effect - the phenomenon that withdrawal is worse and more dangerous each time you quit. I will say two things that are not common belief here: 1) it helped me to not drink during certain social events (daytime gatherings or gatherings at night that I would have driven to) because I was used to being sober at those events. 2) I was able to taper but I think it's healthier and a better bet to see a doctor and get a vitamin B injection and anti-seizure meds. ..Even though I wasn't drinking  that much  I noticed a very dramatic difference in my health mood and cognition. My back injury which is caused by inflammation of the SI joint suddenly felt so much better. Lots has changed for me - I lost nearly 25 pounds and started exercising and haven't been in this good shape in over a decade. My relationship is better. I am a better mom to my toddler. It's a common story here. ..I think a lot of us who stopped drinking discovered our lives are better without alcohol. As I discovered you don't have to drink all that much for it to affect your mood and your health. ..I very much feel that I dodged a bullet. If you can moderate with the goal of stopping I think that is a very worthy pursuit. I always tell people to try a week detox (see a doctor if you are drinking a lot) and see how they feel. If you don't like it alcohol is always waiting for you. 
Stopping to drink and starting to drink again is dangerous because as soon as you start again you are immediately back to your last drinking levels which due to stopping and detoxing have a compounding effect as your tolerance is zero and therefore more toxic as you think you can drink as before when your were in the swing of it with your tolerance built up but unfortunately this time it is not
If we could all drink moderately this sub wouldn't exist. I tried to moderate my drinking a thousand times. I would say "I'll only have 3 beers tonight." Well as soon as I took that first sip the pleasure sensors in my brain would light up. After one I'd be counting down. "OK two more." After the second I'd say "OK one more and then I'm going home." Well after the third I'd get a bit of a buzz and all bets were off the table. I'd end up black out drunk and feel shame the day because I couldn't control my drinking which lead to more drinking. ..Quitting completely has been much better for me and others because of the physical effects booze has on the brain. Starving the receptors is the only way to truly break free. A lot of us here drink to get drunk and often completely obliterated and once you reach that stage in your drinking it's impossible to stop at just 3 or 6 when you know you really want 10 or more. 
moderation is sometime not an option
Tried moderation. Works for a while but the bender and blackout is always inevitable...Better to just stop for me anyway 
I've come to see alcohol as poison and an addictive one at that. So for me the question is why would I want to drink it at all? Or in the terms described tick the box full dose poison a bit less poison no poison.....I think it's much harder to stop drinking when one's mindset remains that one is  giving up' something say a  lifestyle' or the illusions promised by alcohol advertising and in any case once most people who've developed a close relationship to alcohol are even three drinks in the ability to turn down another is greatly diminished. ..If I don't drink at all ever I'm free of all of that... and my life's no different except I never have a hangover or drinking guilts I can always drive and I no longer have to bluster over the latest alcohol related health discovery ( Even one glass of wine? You're kidding right?  Mental gymnastics to  prove' that they've got it wrong this doesn't apply to me what happened to red wine being good for you one glass means a large one very large in fact and... well might as well finish the bottle. I'll cut down tomorrow...)
Well the problem with me and many others here that I can't regulate it. I have tried many times but the one to many that makes me forget my promise to myself to only have 1 or 2 drinks almost always happens. Its like the drink takes over my brain and just begs for more and more. That is why for me completely cutting it out was the best solution. Even if I would manage to overcome the nagging for more in my head it would be no fun to moderate since I would be constantly be aware that I have to stop and struggle with myself to not drink more. That takes away all the fun of moderation as well since I can't enjoy the moment.
Yes to be honest I would struggle. That's why I'm here. Because I can't control how much I drink when I drink. Alcohol kicks off something biological in me that makes me want more and more and more. Cannot even count the amount of times I've promised to only have 4 beers but wake up the next morning and there's 10 empties laying around. 
The thing is I don't want to cut down or control my drinking. If moderate drinking is defined as one serving an alcohol each day (which is guideline from the FDA) then I'm much better off having none. I drank to get drunk because I'm an alcoholic. Moderation is just miserable. 
Some people can do heroin moderately believe it or not. But nobody would ever suggest that they do. Alcohol is more harmful personally and societally than heroin or crack but it's the only drug people urge you to try harder to keep using. This is simply because alcohol is the single hardcore drug validated by society as harmless and fun and conformity is always easier than the alternative...We aren't special people--we would love to conform with the national pastime trust. So rest assured we have tried. We only opted out completely because the truth of the destruction was finally more painful and pressing than the alienation and misapprehension from others.
Also so many of us are SO proud of our badges and sober time. To call that huge achievement a ticking time bomb and cast it in a negative light really makes me angry. 
For us and I include the thousands I've heard at AA over three decades and followed here on reddit moderation is simply not possible.  Not for any extended period and in any case those who have "succeeded" report it is simply not worth the effort...so no it is not reasonable \- logical perhaps but logic does not always convert to reality.
I  know myself and I know moderation would not work. I want to drink to escape and check out.  
Once I have one drink my brain has goal to have how ever many it takes to get me where "I want to be" which usually is when I black out. If I drank moderately in a social setting I often would feel dissatisfied unless I went home and drank more privately. So for me with how I am it's safer and easier to avoid it. Being with a community of people working on the same thing helps me a lot. :)
Moderation doesn't work because alcohol is an addictive substance - you always want more. ..Also it's toxic to your system wouldn't you rather have no toxic stuff in your body at all rather than a little bit of toxic stuff that's within your  limit . 
