-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lq8km/nobody_knows/

I am new here and this is my first post. ..Nobody knows my struggle. I am 100&amp;#37; functional have a really good career great kids marriage and everything on the outside is perfect. But over the past few years I have come to drinking more and more wine. Its to the point now of a bottle every night sometimes more and I can't sleep without it. I hide it well and am terrified to tell anyone\- especially my family. I know I need to stop because I feel sick all the time and extremely anxious. My anxiety seems to now be amplified and I get really shaky. So here I am. I am going to try but I have not been able to get past day 2 in a while. Its still day one for me. I am glad I found this group. Maybe I don't have to do this alone after all. Thank You 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone. I classified myself as highly functioning alcoholic. A very intense post for me was one where the guy explained he was in this position where he hadn't loose naything he cared about...yet. I felt pretty much the same...First few days are the hardest but believe me you will be able to sleep again. It will come sooner than expected. I did exercise myself to exhaustion during the first days so I could get to sleep it partially worked...Come on you can do that. I am here if you need...IWNDWYT.
Having everything to lose is a great position to be in. I was very similar and allowed my addiction to continue to evolve to the point where I was ending up in the ER on a regular basis. I realized that I didn't have to lose everything and be a low bottom drunk to qualify for a better and more meaningful life. .I'm glad you're here. 
Hey you can do this!  We're here for you.  ..Sometimes talking to your doctor is a good resource.  They're bound by patient confidentiality can can help with the physical side of things.  ..How's your caffeine consumption?  When I stopped drinking I became super sensitive to caffeine and my anxiety was out of control.  Switching to decaf really helped me.  I can have a cup of regular coffee now and then but I really feel it so much more than I used to.  ..Welcome to SD.  Check out the sidebar ---&gt;  Grab a badge if you want.  Check out the good reading material.  I will not drink with you today.
Welcome!  You are not alone! Alcohol is progressive!  It's funny that most people that that you need to be living under a bridge and be drinking out of a bag to have a problem. I have a good job three kids etc.  it slowly took hold of me and started to affect other parts of my life. I thought I was 100% functioning until I stopped and the difference in me is huge I would say I was operating at 60%..In the early days it is good to have a plan. Reading here really helps. Withdrawals are real and can be dangerous and can last  up to 10 days. I ensure that I got a lot of sleep drinking is exhausting!  I had lots of soft drinks and candy!  The sugar withdrawals can be big. I don't have a sweet tooth but I really craved sugar. Once the tiredness lifts keep busy and change your routine  Friday night was always an issue for me so I planned other things to break the cycle. I wrote a journal explaining why I wanted to give up and how I felt each day.  This helped me to stay on track and notice the slight improvements everyday. I made sobriety my number one goal each day.  I listened to podcasts like this naked mind or the bubble hour. These really helped they kept me busy and focused. I counted the days. It's amazing how proud I was of my first week first ten days etc. slowly but surely I reached 80 days today!  The best advice I got was just to do the next right thing rather than thinking about tomorrow next week next month.  Secondly to put as much effort into my sobriety as I did in my drinking. It is hard work but it is so worth it. Put all your focus and energy into it and you can do it!! Iwndwyt 
No you're not alone and I won't be the only one glad you found us! Big hug. ..I've just completed a year now and couldn't be happier with the choice I made to cut drinking out of my life. The further away from the + bottle of wine a night I get the more I see alcohol for the addictive poison it is and how much I was both consciously and unconsciously shaping my life around it. So many benefits so little loss.....This Naked Mind Alan Carr's book and Alcohol Explained were really helpful reads: I never felt I was missing anything (99 per cent of the time; one per cent I can handle) and gave me a new range of perspectives on alcohol in all its forms. I found it well worth looking up PAWS to get a handle on physical and emotional changes in the first few months and beyond. ..The people who post here are often generously insightful intelligent and thoughtful and I've learned a heck of a lot from their posts and the supportive comments brave wise experienced chastened moving and above all kind. Another big hug and I hope you have a great day. Xxx.
Yes alcohol is alcohol unfortunately.  I am not a doctor but the sort of symptoms are tiredness shakes or just feeling wobbly. Night sweats and insomnia. Your moods can be up and down.  I also felt a bit anxious or I had  the fear .  These symptoms do go relatively quickly but once you know about them you can identify them.  I learned as much about alcohol as possible not just the bit about the hangovers etc I learned about why we drink why we have craving how it affects our mood etc and it made a massive difference to me. I read this naked mind by Annie grace and listened to Rachel hart who has an amazing podcast she explains so much about alcohol in simple terms and gives real tools to deal with cravings self pity etc!!  I hope this helps stay in touch and let me know how you get on.
Welcome. IWNDWYT 
You are not alone - I guarantee other moms you know are doing the same thing. I did...drinking secretly and then bring irritable and not really there for my family. One day I just had enough. The first week was rough but I can honestly say that I feel a huge weight has been lifted and I feel so free. You can do it! 
You sound just like me! Together we can all help each other break through the next 24 hour ribbon whether that takes us to 2 days sober or 2000 days sober. You have got this! We have all got this! IWNDWYT   
Dropping the alcohol definitely helped with the anxiety but it did take a a couple of weeks to go down. In the meantime I used guided relaxations meditated and listened to podcasts to help me relax. I now sleep with one earbud in and whenever I wake up I just put a sleep hypnosis track on.
I'm in the same situation. I'll start not drinking with you!
Ive been there too. With three kids lovely husband great career etc no one would think anything was amiss. Except i felt nauseous and sweaty anxiety ++ and i was always a step ahead on where and how to drink. 28 days now. Not out of the woods yet but its getting better. Good luck to you. 
Hi...Its v hard when the habit is built in. I found i had to have something else to do e.g. go to bed early go out for exercise phone someone read this sub...Do you have much support? Have you read any of the books etc mentioned here...i havent yet but hope to !! .. It really does get easier. Even on the tough days where things go wrong i had to remind myself that i deserve better than alcohol. Msg me anytime. Just a quick reply now..its a rare sunny day here so outside with the kids. ..
