-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ltqpy/high_five_to_everyone_on_the_long_boring_stretch/

I got my [six month chip](https://i.imgur.com/uFmrpgp.jpg) today a couple of weeks late. Yay me! The reason I post this and frankly the reason I got the chip is that I think I deserve some love and attention. **LOL!! Don t we all!!**..The thing is after the first roller coaster months things have been pretty good. It s easier now but the Better Person Project seems to have slowed down and motivation wanders like a restless cat. So I decided to embrace the anniversaries that come tight as buckshot these days. 150 days 180 days six months 200 days and all the palindromes; 202 212 etc...When you re done counting days you count weeks. Then months then years. Now is the time to solidify to build a sober life style that lasts. It may be a boring stretch but it s crucial to win the race. Celebrating the days helps...So to all you strugglers fighters cruisers and bored people - high five! You re doing great! I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

You are moving right along my friend. My path is so much more beautiful and meaningful with friends like you to lighten my load. Congratulations on that amazing chip!
That's very cool Homer.   Happy to give you *much* love and attention   and to not drink with you today  :\)
Live and attention coming your way!
I look forward to the boring stage but I'm also terrified of caving \- I'm afraid of becoming complacent.
Huge hug to you SH!!! 
Happy belated 6 months Homer! And yeah I love every milestone. I'm feeling today's palindrome! 
Congrats on 6 months !! Your on fire  
Hey I'm giving this my attention ASAP. Just so you know I've noticed your username around here because I feel you often share great insights and compassion. IWNDWYT
Huge round of applause   and many  . IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!
Nice work! I was feeling a little post-100 day lull in motivation so I'm now looking forward to 4 months and then the "easy as" 123 days.. :)
I never thought of embracing all these milestone numbers:..1 3 6 12 months ..50 100 150 200 250 days ..I'm a numbers person (I have so many books on numbers and mathematics largely out of curiosity) and I'm now thinking of building a timeline of goals in order to pitch for...Thank you for this!
Congratulations :) one more day happy and sober 
Thanks for this SaintHomer :-)  Much needed in my own life right now--you've brightened up my day!  .Congrats on 6 months!!!  And almost 200 days!  Closer to one full year rather than further from it!  Thanks again for sharing such positivity! :)
Hey another Norwegian! Maybe we'll see each other at an AA meeting! Unfortunately my town only has one a week and there are very few members. But hey you never know right?.IWNDWYT!
Thank you for posting this! Congratulations on 196 days. Really amazing stuff. :\)
Thank yo for the inspiration.
Well done! And thank you for sharing.  
Congratulations to you! And you bring up a really key point. The boredom is what gets me each time. A month is a good start to sobriety a good minimum. After that I get used to being re\-energized I forget the hell that I put myself through and I start to doubt that it's really necessary to be so stringent. I convince myself that I'm more or less as productive when drinking as when not...I don't have a solution but I'm at the starting line giving it another go. 3 days in. IWNDWYT.
You are an inspiration to and a very generous member of the SD community. Way to go!!
Hey Saint - so proud of you for that 200 day chip - you've done so many hard yards to get there and shared so much love and support to us all along the way. Bless! And it is true how much power those numbers have - I have a bit of a "woo woo" thing with numbers and everything points back to numerology or seasons or "that's how long it takes to [insert comparison here such as 'get through the riskiest early weeks of pregnancy [90 days]' ]..The most powerful thing though is how they stack up - sometimes just saying the number of days/weeks/months out loud is enough to make the Lizard Brain STFU :)..Have a beautiful day my friend - and enjoy that Northern spring and all the flowers in the yard! :).
&gt; It may be a boring stretch..I find I appreciate these boring stretches even more now--boring usually means things are okay. Okay is *so* much better than drunk could ever be. ..Happy 6 months. IWNDWYT
If you ever get bored Homer just [listen to this](https://youtu.be/SHzlU8ehLxE) and you will see you could probably get more bored.  ..Happy lotsa days!  Happy freedom!  Happy life! Congratulations buddy    I'm so pleased I get the opportunity not to drink with you these days ..I'm glad for you   I'm very happy for you and your lovely family.  Good job Homer.  This is good stuff.  
Thanks for this...I've been struggling to find direction in this journey lately. I'm wanting to see "results" so badly and finding it increasingly difficult to remain patient and keep my focus on the foundation I'm slowly building. Hell I haven't even found the courage to hit a meeting yet. ..I'm reminded of a Buddhist proverb I once heard. No memory of where I heard it but it stuck with me:.."Before enlightenment chop wood and carry water. After enlightenment chop wood and carry water."
I`m with ya Homer!
Ha that's a good proverb. I too am impatient. The first steps were so tangible and made such an impression that these calm waters seem ...well boring. But in reality it's a vast sea of opportunity. And then I beat myself up even more for not taking it! :-)
