-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lymxk/im_tired_of_my_life_on_its_terms/

*Downer incoming. From my experience in AA (program of my choice but not the only solution) I can attest to the wonderful change sobriety has in people's lives. I'm just not feeling it right now and I feel I would be selling myself short if I didn't reach out one more time*..I'll start positive: i've had a productive last couple of days. Yesterday I had a good if slow day at work chaired a meeting and today I made good progress on moving out of my house. I'm very grateful that I had some friends and family lend a hand today. I'll have seven months in about an hour on my  which is by far my longest streak out of four attempts...I'm sitting on my bed in my largely vacant  house and I'm struggling not to throw it all away. I'm tired of living life on life's terms. I don't have anything particularly difficult to deal with but existing with myself makes everything difficult. I'm having the same issue that brought me out before and that regularly gives me distress: the second step. (Step 2: became willing to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity) I use a secular higher power but even if an omnipotent God exists I can't fathom the idea of being made sane of being made okay. ..I deal with a lot of "outside issues" as they call it. I like to call it a neurotic clusterfuck i've been seeing psychiatrists since I was a kid. I'm fortunate enough to have professional help but right now I'm in a pretty dire place in spite of that. In addition to that I feel like I don't have anything to show for my 24 years of life. I dropped out of college and I'm working in food service. I haven't even lived the party life that others in the program my age often joke about; my drinking was never about fun it was medicine. I feel aimless and incompetent...I often hear that your "bottom" is simply whatever gets you to stop. But when I first stopped alcohol hadn't resulted in any real consequences. It hadn't even stopped being an effective solution. I quit because I was embarrassed that a cashier at a store I went to  had playfully called me out. I also have a sister (primarily addict) who has been sober for 4 years and I knew I didn't want to go to the lows she did. I'm at a place where I know I'm an alcoholic but I doubt a drink could make me worse than I am now...There's a sentiment I infer in aa that if you're dissatisfied it's becuase of a lack of action on your part. This is very frustrating to me. I don't work a perfect program sure but I've gone to meetings almost every day since my last drink.  I really want it to be effective but lately it hasn't been helping me like it used to. Meditation used to ground me but now I can't quiet my mind. I feel like I'm deteriorating and I'm losing hope that sobriety can help me. And considering where i'm at I can't help but feel that drinking might be a lesser evil. ..*again this is not motivational please don't use me as a poster child for sobriety*..I've been engaging in self harm. I did before but it's more frequent and intense now. I've struggled with suicidal thoughts for a while now. A few days ago I came close to a pathetic attempt that probably would have just ended with me in the hospital burdening my family. I'm not considering that option right this moment. Honestly after writing this I'm not sure what I'm expecting. I don't want to lose all I have gained so I'm trying to reach out like I've been told to do. But I'm also tired of making my ilness the problem of those willing to put up with me so I guess I'm pawning it off on a support group instead. Sorry thank you if you took the time to read this
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so far behind you in sobriety and I'm not in AA but I just wanted to say that I've read your post and the fact that you've written all of these thoughts and experiences and haven't drank is inspiring to me.   I also have a lifetime of mental health issues that far predate my drinking and I wonder how I will get through them.    
I have no answers but wanted you to know someone heard you. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm sorry you're going through a hard time. I'll never forget what it was like to have suicidal thoughts and generalized hopelessness...I'm confused by what you meant here:.  ..&gt;But when I first stopped alcohol hadn't resulted in any real consequences. ..The post otherwise describes many real consequences. Unfinished degree unfulfilled career exacerbating preexisting illnesses and compulsions facilitating self\-harm. Alcohol was rarely the *sole* cause of my problems but it helped when I acknowledged how it was enflaming * all of m*y problems. ..Only then did I truly believe I was better off without alcohol and it's been much easier ever since for me. Even on my worst days I know for goddamn certain it wouldn't be better if I was drunk. I might as well play Russian Roulette with a loaded gun for all the good it would do on bad days so I needed to start moving on as best as possible.  ..I hope you have a better day tomorrow and you don't need to feel bad for "pawning anything" off on a support group here or otherwise. The people who interact with you including myself *want* to do it.  The engagement is both a reminder of my past and repayment for all I've been given.  
I don't pretend to know you or know anything that could help you. I read your thoughts it is scary. I hope you find it in you to overcome what is putting you down. You are not alone.
I keep coming back to your post - not because I have anything helpful to say but because  I really feel your pain. If I could do anything  to help I surely would. I am sending all the positive thoughts I have out into the universe for you. 
I think you are incredibly brave to write your feelings and share them with us.  I am thinking of you and if you don't mind I will be praying for you.  You are unique and you matter.  And you are a good writer.  Sending virtual hugs your way
Most alcoholics have stood in the same place as you. We stood at the turning point we asked his protection and care with complete abandon. That's out of the big book and it rings true to me I stood at that turning point it was either suicide or completely give my self to the AA program.... Im glad I choose the later and got sober in AA and that was 9 yrs ago. My best friends I use to drink with are dead. Its not always good but overall it is a good place with food funny people.... I love AA the roundups camping trips kareoke bowling and my fav going for coffee 
As another poster has said you are brave to share this. And I appreciate reading it and the replies...I had a lightbulb moment a few weeks ago. I was obsessively playing a tape from my childhood in my mind and from somewhere a question came up - why are you holding on to this?  ..Hard for me to answer honestly but so very helpful!..All good wishes for your journey. We are here.
I'm sorry to hear you're struggling so much with this just know that people are reading this and do care &lt;3...If you're getting professional help have you talked to them about this and have you considered medication or changing your existing medication? ..Just one thought on feeling like you "don't have anything to show for 24 years of your life" I often am hit with that same feeling. When I was in college I was ahead of my peers in so many ways it was a big source of personal pride for me and somewhere along the way most of them somehow ended up ahead of me. I know drinking was a factor in that. And so I look around at people who have 401ks are going to be buying houses etc and I just feel so far behind. But one thing I've been trying to remember that I read somewhere is that you'll never make any progress or help yourself in any way comparing yourself to others but you'll make lots of progress and find motivation comparing yourself to yourself so that's something I've been trying to re-route my mind to doing when it's looking at the success of others...I hope things start looking up for you that you're taking time for self-care and that you're reaching out for support in other ways as well. Much love to you
I have been struggling with mental health issues since I was 12. It was the age of my first suicide attempt I started drinking soon after. Not for fun either. Alone in a closet trying to forget I was born. Pills therapy yadda yadda yadda. Rehab inpatient treatment more pills more therapy rinse repeat. ..After I got sober my symptoms increased. In fact at seven months I chose to relapse instead of kill myself. Shocker it didn't help. Everything was worse...Finally at about three months sober the second time I had again made a plan for suicide. (I make a distinction between planning and wanting to die. I want to die often. That's normal. I make plans less often and that indicates an actual issue.) I ticked down some of my last actions on my list: see the new Star Wars movie again I bought another surfboard to get in a few sessions visited a museum I wanted to see. I was ready to go. ..But I happened to chat with a lady after a meeting who shared she had dealt with similar issues. I told her I needed help. She referred me to a free dual diagnosis clinic. I went there narrowly avoided a 51/50 and started medication and therapy again. I continued with AA and told my sponsor what was going on. He's not a psychiatrist so he didn't tell me what to do about anything medical. He helped me continue with the steps (I had relapsed at Step 4) and didn't let me isolate myself. I received a NEW diagnosis of bipolar disorder and an anti-anxiety and a bipolar med. Effing jerks spent eighteen years giving me the wrong meds. It was like a new plane of existence. I couldn't believe how great I felt. Like I was living with the humans for the first time since childhood...Over the next year I worked through my steps and solidified my sobriety. I went back to school and got a graduate certificate. I didn't do it perfectly but I passed with room to spare. At one year sober I married a guy I had dated for two months (manic episode anyone?) But luckily he's actually the shit. I got a real job when I graduated and I'm currently 14 weeks pregnant. On purpose. I still struggle sometimes. I can't take my meds while pregnant so I have been off them a while and I have a big chore ahead staying calm with all the hormones and post-birth stress. But I do it. My life is not a struggle. I have ceased fighting. My higher power (the Force natch) is with me and I can only control myself and my actions and reactions...At the risk of a mod tsk-tsking I want to say that some of your feelings are just normal 24 year old ennui. Your 20s are a crazy time. I wouldn't relive that time even sober. There is so much to pressure to have it together and achieve achieve achieve. For those of us who dug a giant hole with addiction it's going to take a little longer to climb out. Don't beat yourself up about it. So you're behind a bit. Who cares? Keep going. You've just barely started the journey. Sobriety gives you a chance to move forward. It will not move things around for you. Don't give up yet. Take stock of what is working and what isn't. Take a deep breath and make that call for help. There's so much more coming. Don't quit before the miracle.
