-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m0bt3/day_5_wow_im_heading_into_uncharted_territory/

Good morning everyone in SD world wherever you may be!..Slept pretty well last night I've got some anti\-anxiety meds with an extra 'panic\-kicker' med for when things get bad which I took last night and seems to have done the trick \(i'd recommend seeing the doc for anyone whose anxiety/insomnia is bad they can help with some meds\)...I was just thinking about the fact that it's a bank holiday weekend here in Blighty \(pouring with rain bloody typical\) and that normally this would be a massive trigger for me to go on a 3 day bender. I may have mentioned I dont work at the moment due to mental health issues and while this can be a bit depressing in itself one good thing is that the days sort of meld into one. I don't have any particular trigger days anymore like 'oh it's friday it's the weekend i must drink more on these days' so i know i wont struggle on a weekend anymore than i would during the week. Perhaps it's fate that I was meant to stop work for a bit purely for the purposes of making my getting sober easier. Everything for a reason...Well this is now the longest i've gone without a drink since I was in hospital for two weeks last year. I'd been vomiting constantly all day ended up vomiting blood and my urine was practically black. Got blue lighted over to hospital where it emerged i in the end that i had severe hepatits and acute kidney injury among multiple other things. The consultant said my liver Transaminase values were too high for it to be caused by alcohol \(ALT was 7000 \- yes 7k normal is around 40\-50\) and that it was caused by either poisons or illicit drugs. I had in fact had a 12 hour cocaine binge a few days prior but i didn't admit to it as my Dad was in the room. Anyway so I was discharged from hospital having almost died of liver failure buy as it wasn't 'alcohol related' i thought "i can get straight back on the sauce!". I was such an idiot. My liver had taken a battering regardless of the cause. An alcoholic will always find any excuse...This journey has had many ups and downs and I don't just mean this week. I've known for a long time that i've had to cut down or stop i've had pancreatitis in the past but nothing seemed to stop me. I've made loose promises to myself and others before that 'i'll cut down' or i'd lie through my teeth and pretend i hadn't drank in days or weeks when in actual fact i'd been sat at home on my own day after day drinking as much as could afford until i passed out. I've spent every bit of money on alcohol even choosing it over birthday and Christmas gifts for my family and friends. Even the threat of my brother stopping me from seeing my 2 year old nephew wasn't even enough...This time is different. This time I mean business. I don't care how tough it gets how much i cry or how much i sit there shaking with anxiety i will NEVER give in to the evil poison again. If the cravings get too bad I'll get something from the doc to help with them. Similarly if the anxiety and depression get too bad I'll get my doses of meds adjusted. For anyone thinking 'i don't want medication' well you've been medicating with alcohol so this is a better alternative and it doesn't have to be forever...All you guys have SD have got me to 5 days through your loving support and honest posts. I know that if ever I do get the urge to cave which I'm sure I will I will come on here first to get words of wisdom from you guys and to make me rethink. To anyone who is struggling right now we are all in this together so KEEP COMING BACK!! ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on 5 days! I'm on day 12 and I'm noticing a lot of changes. Today I noticed my sinuses are clear. They have been blocked forever and I'd almost convinced myself I had a dairy allergy! Today is my day off work and I don't want to spend it in bed!  It's a wonderful thing! 
I'm sorry you've had such a horrible time with your health. Maybe the only good thing to come out of those times is that the memory of them can now help to strengthen your resolve not to drink whenever you get a bad craving or urge. You are stronger than this shitty poison. IWNDWYT 
I don't think you have to suffer through the cravings. There's lots of things you can do to prevent the cravings arising and if they do come up there are things you can do to fit them. ..Did you see u/notmychair67 s action plan from the other day? Have you got somehing like that?
Have you thought about trying AA meetings?..I find that having people I meet face to face helps much more than just texting.
Im struggling right now. Im my own worst enemy in that I know all about addiction and recovery. Cleaned myself up a few times all on my own. I love life and all that it has to offer and experience. Seriously!  But I have seemed to reach a point where i t seems with all that I know and practice of healthy coping skills  ( been through a lot of therapy in my life  when i needed it lots of trauma ... my whole 46 years!)... I seem shut down and so withdrawn... I even have a degree in psyc and nursing... .Just so much to heal again and much health problems... .I am totally spent... emotionally  mentally and physically. .I have found something that helps me feel like me again. The me before i met my ex husband... the me I miss and now hide. I keep me to myself. Also.. due to permanent side effects from an anti epilectic  I was on... I have a really hard to express myself... so i dont try anymore. BUT I have found something that helps  me speak and get my words out. .Its cocaine.... and I know Im in trouble. Im spending too much (not my bill money) and I dont want to lose control of it. .That is the very reason i was able to clean myself up before... I refuse to let anything take me over. I like enjoying life and my family. But this... ohhh I need relief so bad. This works! But im concerned about my health. I turned very yellow after a two day binge (first EVER) with 1.5 g of coke. My organs are not the best  because i have lupus... some kidney and liver damage from it). And its weird... everyone says cocaine makes you have bowel movements... not me! . Sooo Im just looking for any advice... anyone relate? And im allready in SSRI's. I am reluctant to try any new meds bc I have a tendency  to   react to fillers etc. Frustrating. .I hope This is a good anonymous place to reach out. Privacy is a MUST in my life bc of a crazy ex husband. .#tryingtoavoidrabithole
