-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m4c8c/how_do_i_tell_my_12_step_meeting_friend_that_i/

I tried to list what I meant as aloof and logical as I could.*..(I've been relapsing). ..She is religious and believes Jesus is the lord and savior. I'm not saying it's not true because I don't know but I do not believe that. I was in church school for years and I don't believe it's my "path" nor do I believe it for myself. ..She said that she wants me to talk to the woman who got her sober. I said that would be nice but I do not want someone who's going to try to bring me to church and convert me into thinking Jesus is my savior. ..I guess that kinda hurt her a bit because she said well you're not ready to get sober and maybe when you want to be sober you'll give it a try. ..I don't think rejecting a religion I've already tried and left is me rejecting ALL recovery that anyone has ever done on the face of the earth. ..This upset me a bit because I was forced into that religion as a child and really felt that it was harmful for my wellbeing. I am open to a spiritual life but not a religious one. I know that true to my core. I do not want to be manipulated into believing in something that would be harmful for me. ..I didn't know where else to post this. I hope this isn't against the rules. Mods pls message me if this is inappropriate. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just break it to her in the kindest way possible.
well i think you can probably just honestly and kindly tell her that you're really not sure about Jesus but you are really sure that you'd like to get sober. return to that conversation and explain to her that she's hurting your feelings because she is not acting as a true friend would that your desire to get sober is real and the good Lord does not want people to be railroaded into a relationship with him i'm pretty sure. :\) ..honestly faith and religion are two different things but more importantly to my mind neither have anything to do with sobriety. you're a big girl/boy and you can make your own mind up about these things but sobriety is important to you and it would be really nice to have her support. \(surely as a good Christian this is something she should be able to consider\). it's your sobriety and it's on your own terms that you are going to do this. ..also no one gets to tell you how you feel about something. if you think you're ready to get sober then you're ready to get sober. that shit makes me mad. you know your own mind don't let anyone try to undermine you. ..lots of love and luck to you. draw your lines in the sand and let her come to terms with it. 
If she was not my sponsor I wouldn't be asking her for advice. If she was my sponsor I would be looking for another sponsor that had a higher power I could relate to. 
Glad you're here...It's a "power of my mind understanding" and AA is not a religious program...I'd say "I appreciate your support and what you do for me.  I want to be sober.  I don't want to defend my position on religion and I don't think it's helpful to judge my degree of interest in being sober based on my relationship with your Jesus."
Find a sponsor you can relate to and one that at least respects your religious viewpoint.  It is important to find a higher power but it can be anything YOU want.  .As far as relapsing you'll get there.   I just celebrated 8 years.  My first year in the program I relapsed constantly. It was only when I realized that every time I relapsed it felt shitty dark and it was always the same black hole.  That's when I decided to stay sober and clean when I realized there was nothing left for me in using..Good luck!
Your friend wants what is best for you and I'm willing to bet that she is unaware she may be doing the opposite. Try to explain your feelings to her and ask for her support in your decision. Be kind to yourself.
Honestly she doesn't sound like she understands the premise of AA/the 12 steps.  From everything I have researched so far it seems that your "higher power" can have whatever meaning that works for you and it does NOT have to be "Jesus."  It is actually insulting that she would accuse you of "not being ready" to get sober simply because you don't believe what she does.  Jesus has nothing to do with your sobriety unless you want "him" to.  You can believe what you want and still get sober and for her to think or tell you otherwise is presumptuous rude and even potentially harmful to your success.  This whole thing really bothers me and I am sorry you had to go through it.  
I know hundreds of people from AA. I go to meetings all over LA and I've only ever heard two people say the word Jesus in a meeting. Most people are respectful of other's spiritual journey and do not specify beyond higher power or God. (God to me is an equalizing indicator of the vast array of higher powers found in the rooms. Not a bearded man in the sky. It would take me five minutes to explain my higher power to you. I say God in a prayer because I'm just that lazy.)..The person she wants you to talk to is likely a sponsor or other sober person she trusts if she is in AA. It may not necessarily be another Bible thumper.  If it's a faith based 12 step eh you are probably in for it. Of the two Jesus people I know I am friends with one. When he spouts off in a meeting I do some meditation or write my grocery list. Water off a duck man. It has nothing to do with me.
I am a Christian. Look I am not saying you must believe in God. But unless you accept there is a God or a supernatural higher power however you understand it you cannot break free alone or by some other person' help because other people are only human just like you and are weak just like you.
People are really enthusiastic about what works for them.  Tell her she's been a huge support and has inspired you to look at all the different recovery options available and that you're looking forward to sharing what you find out with her. Then find another support group AA SMART  whatever. Sponsors are like therapists  you have to hit it off.  I'm a recovering Catholic myself and don't care to have Jesus dragged into every conversation. You will find like minded people to help you through this plenty of theme right here on this site. IWNDWYT 
