-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m4slu/remind_me_what_it_feels_like_to_relapse/

I'm at two weeks again. My brain is doing its  IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT!  thing. For those of us who feel a pang of temptation please remind us what kind of awful hell awaits when we give in...Thanks!..Hope you all have a happy sober weekend...A
----------immediate responses--------

Let's see . My last relapse the withdrawal from hell . The yellow bike coming out both ends and the horrific feeling of panic while my heart was  pounding out of my chest and throat . Asking myself " WHY WOULD I DO THIS TO MYSELF AGAIN ? "" WHY ??? 
All I can say is that I never ever want to feel again how I felt on Sunday. I wanted to die. Seems to have got worse since I have been trying to stop.. the withdrawals / hangover / whatever is mentally and physically destroying me. 
well if you're anything like me it's going to go something like this:..you'll tell yourself you're only going to have a couple and then proceed to pound down everything that's alcoholic in the house including the cooking rice wine and perhaps the mouthwash too. you'll inevitably want more and venture out to the nearest corner shop where you'll look like a homeless wreck but think you're totally fine the nice Asian man won't want to sell you two bottles of wine but probably will and you'll get through most of that before passing out somewhere in the house. most likely not in your bed. you may or may not vomit and/or piss yourself in your sleep. all the fun things that you thought you would do whilst drinking will be dropped midway through you'll probably only manage to watch some trash on YouTube that you won't even remember the next day and make an ass of yourself on social media. ..you'll wake up feeling like ass the house will look like it's been burgled and you'll spend the rest of the day trying to piece together what happened the night before and hope you didn't embarrass yourself \(you did\) or do something dangerous or stupid \(yep you did that too\). you'll have crippling anxiety and cringe every 20 minutes or so as a new wave of remembered horrors will suddenly flash up in your brain and you'll probably only make it to about 12 o'clock before you think 'fuck this shit i really can't cope' and crack open any left overs from the night before. here we go again!..yeah don't be like me! :\) cherish your 12 days have a nice cup of tea and binge watch something that you'll actually be able to remember tomorrow \(i'm in the middle of Safe at the moment and it's surprisingly good\)...IWNDWYT!
Like crap
Just checking in.  Even though you may not believe me right now I swear it's ultimately easier to stay on a roll of not drinking than give in.  If you haven't picked up yet hang in there!  I'm not drinking with you.  
For me it's the super long all day (sometimes two day) shameover that follows that is what really gets me.  Laying in bed wondering how bad you've fucked up what did you say what did you do how did you get home?  Checking your phone every 5 minutes to see if people are talking about you and how much of an idiot you were acting like wasted at the bar.  Checking your bank account and seeing a sizeable amount gone wasted poured down the fucking drain for no good reason.  Days of not feeling right suffering resetting your badge.  Having to go through PAWS again.  Feeling like failure is your only path...Not. Worth.  It.
Short and sweet it feels like shit.
You are going to screw up Saturday if you drink on Friday. Possibly Saturday and Sunday  depending how munch you drink. At the very least you will be lethargic and kicking yourself. At the worst. ..lose your wallet and car keys instigate a bout of public humiliation  insult your boss and risk losing your job spend half of Saturday puking and the other half wondering exactly what you said and did and who you dare call to find out your significant other has had enough and walks out you blow off a family gathering because you can't deal with it your whole house smells like shit because you stepped in dog shit and tracked it through the place not realizing. You avoid looking at yourself in the mirror because your face looks worse than your apartment which reeks of alcohol and stale smoke. I don't know are any of those scenarios familiar?  Just play the tape forward  the possibilities are endless. IWNDWYT 
A lot of right on descriptions.  My wife was gone for a few days.  I didn't drink the first night but I have been using oxy and kratom.  Then the irish coffees and quick loans and video poker and in a couple of days I have wreaked havoc which I don't see how I can fix.  I am such a worthless piece of crap I don't deserve to live.  The shame and fear and self loathing are back in spades.  I'm paralyzed with terror.  My life was starting to get better and that's when I tear it down.  I don't deserve anything good or where ever that comes from; I just can't stop hurting myself.  It's baffling and powerful and cunning at least in my case....I'm hopeless....
