-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m6br4/considering_relapse/

Have had zero to drink for 15 days.  But the temptation to fall back into old habits is really strong tonight.  Away from home for work and the holiday weekend really just accentuates the sense of entitlement.  But trying to remember that I almost got divorced when my old bottles of wine were discovered with threats of having no custody rights for our two year old son.  Is it really worth it?
----------immediate responses--------

No. It's not. Your family &gt; the literally one second you'll feel satisfied when you take that first sip before the guilt and self-dislike comes crashing in and the mess that tends to follow those emotions combined with drinking. 
Nope. Not worth it...I just read this: *We can either work on recovery OR relapse*...How 'bout we work on recovery instead of relapse? ;).
your kid or your wine? i think you know the answer to that one..whenever i wavered a went and looked at the list i'd made of why i don't want to drink anymore. it's a helpful exercise. try it and get yourself distracted. maybe spend the money on another treat for yourself. keep telling yourself that this urge will pass - it always does. time with your kid is time you will never get back...stay strong. you got this!
Don't give in to it ........... play the tape forward...Can you call someone to talk to ?
Your child needs you for sure . Stay tough !! 
It wasn't worth it for me.  Something that I always follow when things get tough is I tell myself "don't drink today" and then I move on tomorrow and any urge I may have had always goes away.  That time to think it over is a doozy.
Going back over all of the bad decisions shame guilt hangovers wasted time and money and all of the damage I've done over the years really helps me when I start to think about picking up again...For me it's not worth it.
You tell me if you think you can drink safely and stop at one or 2 then yes go for it
Thanks for everyone's overwhelming support and perspective.  It has really boosted me.  I just left work and had the resolve to say it's time for a sparkling water rather than the usual bottle of wine!
You'd regret it. Not worth it ;)
At 15 days I was not yet feeling the amazing benefits I later found in sobriety.  There is joy peace hope and life in sobriety that it took me longer to find.  But it was there.  Hang on and a better life awaits.  Sobriety is worth it.  I wish you the best! IWNDWYT 
Go see a movie buy yourself something get a massage go for an ice cream do something else that distracts you no need to use alcohol as a reward think of the shame and guilt tomorrow.
