-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m6cd0/looking_for_advise_to_help_a_coworker_who_doesnt/

Longtime lurker first post.. This sub has been an amazing help to me in my 374 sober days so Im turning to this wonderfully wise community for any advise you may have on helping a co-worker..He is an alcoholic. I've known him for almost two years &amp; recognised him immediately as a person on the same downward spiral I was on. He doesn't want help..I've spoken to him at length about my journey and how fantastic sober life is he just laughs &amp; says without his beer he'd go crazy. .In the mornings he turns up to work with horribly bloodshot eyes unshaven stains on his uniform  puffy face - I'm sure you get the picture.. .His boss turns a blind eye because we need his specialised skills without him the business would really struggle. .I am less concerned about the business and more concerned that he's on the road travelling to jobs hungover often with young apprentices as passengers. .I've never seen signs that he's drinking during work hours &amp; I don't think he does because at the end of the day he looks even worse than he does in the mornings - with the added bonus of having the shakes  but I can't say for sure..I feel like it's pointless for me to talk to him about it anymore &amp; it's pointless to talk to his boss. .However there is someone in the business I could talk to that would definitely address it but in a non subtle aggressive way that could cause a lot of drama.  .I feel like that is my only option but I also feel that he'd quit the job just so he can continue drinking..He has a young family &amp; he's hit rock bottom before - jobless licence suspended due to DUI's...I'm writing this today (&amp; I feel nervous about posting!) because the last thing he said to me last night was "Im going home now to get smashed!"  It really upset me..It breaks my heart to see him like this knowing the feeling of going through the motions of the day to get home to that bottle of oblivion. .I know he needs to come to the realisation for himself that he has to find his own turning point. I've reflected on my own journey &amp; thought "what could someone have done to help me?" &amp; the answer is nothing.. .Any thoughts will be greatly appreciated..(On mobile so apologies for any formatting issues).
----------immediate responses--------

do not talk to someone else in the business because he may never forgive you the betrayal it could implode his professional life and it could be the point after which there is no turning back. ..my advice would be to drop the kid gloves and instead of telling him how great sober life is tell him how worried you are about the road on which he has set himself. that it won't end well that you are afraid for him that it breaks your heart that you worry about him every day. you can speak to his partner you can both try to speak to him together you can keep trying as often as you can stand it.....my heart goes out to you both that is a horrible situation. as much as there was nothing anyone could do to stop me self destructing i did appreciate them trying and more importantly when i did decide to stop i think their love and continued attempts to make me stop were the push i needed. perhaps he will eventually hear you..lots of luck to you xx
You cant help someone who doesnt want help. You have to mind your own business.
I am less concerned about the business and more concerned that he's on the road travelling to jobs hungover often with young apprentices as passengers...I'd check the DUI laws in your state and find out of the company can be held liable.  That might get your boss to pay attention.
