-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m6cro/one_of_my_firstauthored_research_papers_was/

[Here's how I'm gettin' down tonight.](https://i.imgur.com/TZhnYCK.jpg)..I'm a PhD student who has struggled to gain control over my life during the past six years of graduate school. But I'm now 13 weeks sober and I finish my doctorate next month. I've regained clarity and purpose. ..Having this paper published means a lot to me. I've published a few other papers but never as the first author. I feel good knowing that I will not drink tonight even though I have a million things to celebrate. Instead I'll drink a shit load of LaCroix and watch basketball. 
----------immediate responses--------

i am not sure whether you have enough there to be honest :).congratulations on your massive achievement of 13 weeks - and the research paper too of course. in that order. i will drink non alcoholic beverages with you today!
Congratulations! Enjoy your well\-deserved celebration!
Congrats!!!!  Love your party supplies - especially the row of tall and skinnies.  Somehow LC just tastes better in a tall and skinny can!
Gonna get *down.* Congrats on getting the paper accepted.
Congrats on getting your paper accepted and on your 13 weeks! Just wanted to say that I really appreciate how well those cans are organized. I felt a surprising amount of calm when I clicked on the link.
Congratulations!!
 Bravo!!!!  That's fabulous getting your work published!  I'll down my Luzianne while you slurp LaCroix...
Congrats on the paper! Even more so if it was accepted with just minor revision...Don't get too crazy with the Cuarte.
Congrats!..I used alcohol to self medicate the stress of the PhD and the tenure track. By the time I got tenure I expected all my troubles to disappear but I hit a rock bottom of anxiety and depression a few years after. (Thank god for my therapist sponsor and the 12 steps.) ..Anyway all this is to say congrats on your pub and your journey. I think it's awesome that you're doing it sober!
You wild child.  Get down get down!  
