-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m76ve/moment_of_weakness/

My wife and kids went to see my mother-in-law today and will be gone for a week.  This is the first time I've been alone at night since I became sober.  Well today was rough at work and I decided I would "treat" myself and get some beer.  I drove to the store with full intentions of buying a 12 pack.  As I was standing in the aisle staring at the beer I already felt disappointed in my self and felt I was throwing away the last year.  Instead I ended up getting some gatoraid and root beer.  Even months sober I still have urges but I am strong enough to overcome them.  A few months ago I would have relapsed right back in...This sub is a great reminder that I am not the type of person that can 'moderate' and abstinence is the only choice for me.  I usually lurk here but I felt like sharing this moment.  This is one of the best communities on the web.  I am glad tomorrow morning will be another sober one.  IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Great to hear you didn't buy any beer. .Way to go!.IWNDWYT 
Awesome man!  You made the right decision.   IWNDWYT!
I'm glad this went the way it did. Well done. That's some willpower!
You made the right choice. I will not drink with you today friend. 
Nice work! It'll feel so good crawling into bed sober and knowing you stayed strong. 
This gives me hope for the future when I am tempted greatly and am able to say no. Good on you. IWNDWYT
Me reading this: Nooooooo! Yessssss! ..Awesome job on catching yourself! Enjoy the Gatorade Rootbeer and no hangover in the morning! IWNDWYT 
Good move!  Moderation leads back to the nightmare for me. IWNDWYT 
Whew good job. I will not drink with you.
Wow. I am so happy you made this choice. I thought you were going to say you relapsed. IWNDWYT.
Glad you made it man.  You got this.  
It's always nice to read a happy ending  well done..
I feel there are urges and there are tests..Urges are easy to overcome..Tests are much harder but they are the furnace in which sobriety is forged..Having the family leave and then facing down the beer cooler is a test.  Passing it is a notable achievement.
Good job man. Inspiring post.
Well done! Good call.
Good on ya man. I worry the urges will never go away but I know now they do pass and the world isn't going to end. IWNDWYT
Moment of weakness? No more like moment of victory for today. Cravings *will* happen rationalizations *will* happen that's not weakness....that's the war. Today the enemy tried to outflank and trick you there was a moment of confusion but you today you won the skirmish and sent that bastard back to his hiding spot.
This is so awesome and so inspiring! Thank you for sharing! How cool to be waking up sober in the morning. Best feeling ever. I relapsed after 13 days and was horribly disappointed with myself. It plunged me into an awful space. Reading your post has reminded me that THINKING the THOUGHT is not the same as DRINKING the DRINK. Last night I thought about having a drink and the feeling of failure kicked in immediately. It felt like it was already a done deed so I may as well do it. Bah! No. IWNDWYT!
You have made my day :) Just keep on :)
Well done! That is a tough decision but you pulled it out. It is so easy to say ah just tonight. Way to hang tough. IWNDWYT!
Awesome. good job!
Great call chaotiq!!! I don't know how I could look myself in the mirror if I got drunk. But I still have it in the back of my mind to have a bender on a holiday. Shit never goes away. 
Inspiring! .It's my first time here tonight (I have 15 days sober) and it's great to know I've come to the right place. ..Peace and strength to you. IWNDWYT. 
You stared directly into the void drew a deep breath and said "fuck you" before turning your back on it. Amazing strength - so good on you my man.
Well done! I'm proud of you! I had the same opportunity of being left alone and I did t rush down the shop for wine. I was very proud of myself! I will not drink with you today!
Yay you!  So happy that you stayed the course.   For the last two days I've contemplated having a glass of wine since this is what I always do at 5 months...and ruin all my hard work.  Romanced the wine for two days and last night at a friends house theren was five of my favorite girlsfriends drinking wine and having the laughs and one of us with a plan to party with Ben and Jerry after I get home....IWNDWYT
Good for you!
Way to talk back to the lizard and maintain your sovereignty! 
Great NDV!!! Wishing you many more one day at a time. I will not drink with you today.
Amazing !!! I bet you are so so proud of yourself!!! 
Proud of you! IWNDWYT
Good for you!  Mine haven't always turned out that way but when I do overcome that moment it sure feels great!!.
That's a phenomenal ending to the story.  I've been in that position in the past as well.
Good job!I struggle with seeing the outcome of my actions and you did a fantastic job. Kudos!
Root beer. The best beer.
Great victory.  Reward yourself (responsibly!)  IWNDWYT!
I have also learned to  treat  myself with different rewards.  Great job!!
