-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8macwi/cannot_start_my_movie_because_i_dont_have_a_drink/

I have a great movie on my computer that I've been dying to watch but I can't because I don't have a drink. ..I've been sitting here for 3 hours white-knuckling scrolling aimlessly on reddit and YouTube not even really reading anything or watching any videos. I feel paralyzed. ..All I need to do is start watching the movie. My demons are telling me that the movie would be much better with a beer in hand. ..This is my N'th day one. Starting all over again. Had really awful relapse again last night 10 beers. Posting here is one of the things keeping me from drinking tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

I still compulsively chain-drink packs of lacroix while watching movies or playing games...Try it out with another drink watch your movie come out stronger than you think you were.
You can do this every day you don't drink it gets better. The cravings get easier. Take shower go for a walk eat an entire pizza or a box of cookies. Maybe call a friend for a chat? Or invite one over to watch the movie with you? Someone who knows you aren't drinking preferably. ..I'm on a ladies weekend in the mountains and as they were drinking sangria last night I happily enjoyed my bubbly water. And throughout the entire time I didn't feel crummy about it or out of place. I've been happy with myself and all the effects of not drinking have been amazing. I didn't spend any time wondering how I could get more booze in me didn't think about how I could sneakily get more drinks out of the pitcher than them or worry about hiding some vodka in my bag to sneak away and drink: I was invested in conversation rather than pissing away my time/money/calories and health. Just woke up and feel great not wondering if I'll be unwell and whether I made an ass of myself...IWNDWYT 
What did you used to enjoy drinking before you drank alcohol? You can create a new movie routine with new favorite snacks and drinks. Treat yourself to something special. Once you do it once it will be easier the next time you do it. Then it will become a new habit. There is obviously a physical component to addiction but believe it or not there is also a habitual component. You *can* change.    ..I won't drink with you today!
What do you have for replacement drinks? You can do it!
Yeah listen to your body and hold off on the movie.  Or go out to an actually theater buy a giant popcorn and watch one there away from your personal fridge.  Me I've been going to bed at 7pm and binge listening to podcasts like This Naked Mind. I won't drink with you today. 
You can power through this. Is there anything else indulgent like an ice cold Pepsi you could drink? ..Btw what movie is it?
I believe in you!
What if you just pressed play? Seriously so many of us here cant do things because we cant drink myself included. You can do it. The movie wasn't made for a drunk person. It was made for its fans to enjoy and it sounds like you are that person. Press play. You can always press pause but dont. It's one button and you can do it. ..This weekend is a tough one for so many of us here and we need to just press play. 
So don't watch the movie.  Go outside.  Go for a drive.  
What movie? 
Since I quit I have not been able to watch a movie precisely for that reason. I immediately link it w having a beer. Replacement drinks such as La Croix &amp; Schwepps--I drink them all day but when it's time to sit back &amp; relax they annoy me. In the evenings instead of watching movies I have been listening to music or reading. I think I need some time for movie &amp; a drink to unlink from each other. 
How many times have you make to day 45 or 6?    I know exactly what you are talking about to a t.  Luckily I was able to just goto bed instead of dwelling on the impossible of doing things without drinking.   However night 1 2 and even 3 were hard to actually fall asleep as I'm so used to just passing out without having to actually try to fall asleep.   I can tell you this after day 4 5 or 6.   Things start getting exponentially easier.   You'll start enjoying music or movies or whatever without alcohol.   Falling asleep will get easier.   You have to get past these critically difficult first few days.
Create a new routine.  I used to be a beer snob (in addition to pounding 3/4 of a fifth of Bushmills a night).  I loved trying out all the new microbrews that my local fancy liquor stores had in stock...When I got sober I found that I really missed the exploration and excitement of it but I needed something to replace the habit of drinking every night.  So I switched to soda ginger ale mostly but all kinds of specialty sodas like the kind they have at a higher end grocery stores like Bristol Farms here in CA...I try and limit my "fancy" sodas to the weekend and drink diet kinds during the week.  My mainstay is Canada Dry ginger ale has no calories and is caffeine-free which is important because I'm drinking this at night so I don't want to upset my sleep schedule...For a while at the beginning I also played around with specialty caffeine-free teas and tried mixing and matching them with sodas to create my own flavors.  I don't do it so much anymore but at the time it really helped to keep my mind off of wanting to get trashed...I also went a little crazy with coffee too in the morning...TLDR; was a snob about alcohol and 5 years later turns out I'm just a snob :)..BTW this ginger ale is the best love this stuff: https://www.bundaberg.com
This may not be the solution for everyone but I drink a lot of non-alcoholic beer.  I sometimes have seven of them when I'm out at the bar and my friends are drinking pints and jugs of regular beer...I also drink a lot of tea and coffee as well as different juices and occasionally chocolate almond milk.  Good luck!  I hope you've watched and enjoyed the movie by now
For me I still struggle with being able yo focus and concentrate on things that require time and patience. Like a movie or a book. Especially because I used to do absolutely everything very drunk. ..They say in time those abilities return to you. Give it a chance.
I feel you. Im having such an insanely hard time right now. It fucking crazy. 
I feel you sometimes I wanta watch something  but I'd rather be drunk while watching it. Idk how it would make whatever I'm watching better but I feel like it will. It won't though.  
Learning to watch movies and series without alcohol took a huge part in keeping away from alcohol. While I have been quite successful I doubt I'll reach that level of enjoyment again. Of course though it was hardly worth it. To me doing so was like borrowing emotions from my future self to boost the emotions of my present self and the result was usually a very dull week afterwards until I repeated the cycle again. 
