-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mdtj4/reset_at_75_days_another_damn_6090_day_reset_some/

Until August 14 2017 I was a daily drinker for 15 years.  I knew I was an alcoholic but I didn't care.  Like everyone else here I decided to sober up.  Literally every bad thing in my life was the result of drinking.  I wasted most of my 20s and 30s and I have to live with that.  The summary of what is going on with me is my alcoholism has shifted from daily drinking to binge drinking every couple months.....The pattern is always the same.  I quit and after a couple days of feeling off I feel good again.  I keep feeling better and better.  Its easy.  The ironic shit about that is its almost too easy.  When I start looking back at 50-60-70 days sober without it really being a struggle after day 2-3 the voice in my brain kicks in.  It tells me I'm a problem drinker that goes too far but not really an alcoholic.  ..."CtrlAltDelLife alcoholics can't quit for months at a time like its no big deal!  Stop waffling between extremes and find some balance in your life!"...So I do and I end up on a binge for a week before I quit again and hate myself.  And the problem is I want to listen by that point.  I WANT to be able to go to happy hour after work once or twice a month.  I WANT to visit my family and sit with my aging dad on the back porch with a beer a few times a year.  I WANT those things back.  But that is not the reality of my mind and my body.  If I choose to be the person who can have those things I'm choosing to give up and risk everything else.  I am much happier sober and that leads me right back to giving in after a couple months when it starts to feel like "no big deal."  The fact I still romanticize it like that after a couple months isn't cool....This time the cards really stacked well against me and I saw it coming and did nothing to counter it.  In retrospect I planned this lapse.  I got a new job a big raise and a week off between jobs ending in a holiday weekend.  My wife loves me but she doesn't drink and tends to follow my self assessments when I suggest these 2+ month stretches are a sign it "wasn't all that bad" and "I can be balanced."...I have read/heard many times that the body and brains healing after long term alcohol abuse happens in some pretty pronounced phases.  2 of the big ones being 90 days and 6 months.  If that is the case I'm never even making it out of the first phase and I have no idea how good I may start to really feel.  I have also read/heard many times that relapsing after short duration of sobriety effectively reset the brain's healing back to day 1.  Not suggesting 60-70 days isn't good progress but from a purely biological level its basically erased.....I think it is time to legitimately try Smart or AA.  I need a continuous support system for when I start telling myself 2 months or more without any issues is proof of some bullshit.  When I romanticize the unmatched chilling out level and chemical euphoria that to be honest aren't even real.  I have avoided AA after some bad experiences in the past...I realize by typing that last bit I have sent out a telepathic signal that will summon Frank :)  But as I said I'm going to try again because there are many different meetings and I live in a different part of the country now.  I need to find one that is right for me....Thank you all for reading.  Lets try this again.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this . You sound like you are very self aware and have taken a very careful and critical look at yourself and your relationship with alcohol. That's huge and it's something a lot of us haven't done properly yet. I'm not a doctor so I don't know whether relapsing sets you back to day 1 from a biological standpoint. But what I can say is that those 75 aren't reset too. Because you relapsed it doesn't mean that those 75 days sober are turned into 75 days during which you were drunk. You were still sober for 75 days. You have learned some important things and you will use this information to break through all the barriers this next time. Try to give yourself a break; it's very tiring beating ourselves up. IWNDWYT 
I've been stringing together a month or two for the last year and a half.  I understand the struggle.  But Im still here and so are you.  We are trying and thats better than what we were doing before right?  I will not drink with you tonight.
I've been there.  *I don't need to stop drinking alcohol.  I quit for awhile no problem.*  But I wasn't happy.  I would eventually drink.  I would eventually black out.  This is all very familiar.  ..I decided it didn't matter if I was an alcoholic or not.  Alcohol caused me problems.  I decided I wanted to not drink and really enjoy being a non-drinker. I wanted to diminish my desire to drink.  Once I realized that it made it easier for me to more forward. ..I read books (Annie Grace's *This Naked MInd* was helpful to me). I read memoirs and articles.  I come to this sub a lot. ..There are many paths to a better life free of alcohol.  I hope you find yours friend.  We're here for you.
I'm very sorry to hear that friend.  70-120 day range is where I've relapsed a lot before to (120 days 100 days).  Currently on day 80 on my current go.  I think it must have something to do with our brain chemistry and recovery timelines that makes this period especially dangerous. ..You know how to get and stay sober so you can do this again!  You have another tool in your box now that tells you for sure that moderation doesn't work.  Each relapse although unfortunate can really help build your resolve.  Good luck and IWNDWYT.
I'm romanticizing hardcore right now. Thank you for sharing this.
I hear you. I am here not to drink with you. ..What sticks out to me is your statement about going on a binge so then you quit and you hate yourself all over again. I don't know how many cycles of this self-hatred you experienced but you're so much more ahead than most who don't even recognize that they hate their actions. You're now you want to stop the cycle you've stated your intention. That's big. ..I myself quit and failed and hated myself countless times in 17 years. It was the self-loathing that brought me to today 3 days sober. I went to my first AA meeting in 18 years today; it was great. Considering that I too had a poor experience in those rooms back in the day. I'm going to a meeting tomorrow. I go because in 17 years I've proven I don't have the skills to do this on my own. 
I would say its a lapse. Not a relapse. Rather than a reset could you see it as a continuation of the hard work you've been putting in when you again go without alcohol? Otherwise you may risk minimising what you have achieved. Congrats on every day you have not taken a drink.
&gt; I almost made a throwaway but I should just own this...Good on ya for being honest with yourself. Don't give up keep at it OP.
I heard a lot of stuff about AA before my job mandated me...Most of it was chin music...All AA asks me to do is sit down and listen to how other people deal with life.  In the early days I found a meeting that I liked and just let them teach me.
"Problem drinker that goes too far but not really an alcoholic."..Truer words never spoken.  That's practically the exact dumb excuse my monkey brain always gives when I stupidly wax nostalgic for drinking like a maniac.  I finally boiled it down to the idea that it doesn't matter what term I use to describe my drinking it's time to put the bottle down.
I don't know friend I mean it sucks that you relapsed for sure but you have done 50 - 70 days and that's absolutely amazing. You're going to beat this demon. You are literally learning how to quit. With each relapse I'm sure you're learning something about the trigger that set you off. Also with each craving you defeat you learn something about how to defeat this monster. Get back to battle and vow to make it 100 days and see how you feel then. Hopefully you will feel like drinking isn't that important or enticing as you once thought.
I have to reset aswell have twenty days. I can't escape it's too deeply ingrained in my circle of friends..And yet I still feel the same regret afterwards that I felt before drinking the first beer. ..It's not worth it 
The stretch between 40 &amp; 90 has tripped me up a number of times too. PAWS and  also underlying emotional frustrations come up. I'm just past Day 60 &amp; I feel a bit weary...For me AA is providing daily support and a different perspective on my life. I feel like I'm weathering the storm because of hope ... I want a better life I want to be more peaceful patient loving etc. I want to deepen spiritually every day. Sobriety keeps me growing...IDK if that helps but yes AA or SMART might be a game changer...Don't convince yourself that you don't  fit  in said programs because you aren't a daily drunk ... that's self-sabotage.
AA is like therapy you gotta try a few different ones before you find one that you like. One of the reasons they tell us to do 90/90 is to force us to go to different meetings (to find one we feel comfy in) to force us to meet new people  (so our social network isn't all drinkers) to force us to verbalize our thoughts and feelings (saying things out loud is TREMENDOUSLY helpful for us to work through stuff that just thinking can't). I went in thinking I didn't really want to quit I just wanted to listen to some war stories to scare me into moderating/generally drinking less. But after a few meetings I realized I wanted what these folks had and this group of strangers ALSO wanted me to have what they had and were willing to support me every step of the way. some rooms suck some people suck not every meeting is going to be awesome. But AA is the reason I'm sober today and I am ever grateful for that. 
Just want to say hey  and that I definitely hear you. IWNDWYT!
Thanks for posting. I am fully aware I don't want one drink I want the full on buzz. I play that tape forward and imagine how the day night weekend would end if I did. Nothing ever looks better with drink. So I don't and won't. Hope you find a good plan to help you move forward. Despite a set back it does sound like you are getting there. Iwndwyt.
Hi!  I just wanted to share something I learned when I was in grad school.  Our brains have the wonderful ability to form new pathways as we grow and change.  These pathways are formed by repetition or a very strong experience or oftentimes both.  However once a pathway is formed it never actually goes away.  New pathways may become the dominant ones  through time and repetition but the old ones the old associations never actually get physically undone in our brains.  I read on here that the thing about sobriety is that no matter how far down the road you are you are always only a few feet away from the ditch.  And this is very true when it comes to the pathways in our brains. Just some food for thought :-)
It took me many resets ... some came with consequences some did not.  The final reset came with the biggest consequence of them all.  Divorce papers.  Zero regrets as I was unhappy in the marriage and alcohol was my crutch.  Dust yourself off and tomorrow is a new day.  We're all on day 1 of no drinking as we can only control 1 day at a time.  We're all the same here.  You can do this and this SUB was critical to my success.  Use it often 
Agree with Creulean_Mind - don't beat yourself up - you have done good work - 75 days is awesome and you can do it again :-) IWNDWYT
It's because that's when your start feeling normal and it's fucking scary. You think you can moderate you begin to think whether alcohol was really the problem. It's when your mind and body aren't sure what's going on so they revert to type and drink...If you 100% admit alcohol is the problem and you're powerless over it it'll help. I wish you all the best I've had so many 30th day resets I've lost track I'm now approaching two years sober you can do it  
My recommendation to you would be that every time you have an inkling of desire to drink again come back and read this post. It'll help you play it forward - your words your feelings after you've tried to drink again. There's nothing like knowing exactly how much  your future self will regret it before you even pick up that bottle.
Late to comment...but I never let that stop me before. For me the smartest thing you said was  If I choose to be the person who can have those things I'm choosing to give up and risk everything else.  That right there is the key to unlocking our sobriety. Your sobriety. On 9/16/16 I had my Rock Bottom Day. A fucking nightmare. I can't relive that right now for you but I have posted the details many times. Drinking is a bad decision for me to make but I did it that day. It cost me plenty &amp; it lost me plenty. The worst fall out from that day? Our oldest son and his wife would not let me see my little grand daughter. We moved across the country just to be grand parents to this girl! And I fuck it up. Her grand father could still see her just not Gram Cracker. I was more interested in drinking. WTF? They would not let me around her for over 3 months and it was killing me. I was able to stay sober though &amp; I earned back the trust from our son. He let me see her. I was not  allowed  to drive her anywhere for 3 more months. It's all cool now of course. In fact going to pick her up in a couple hours to bring her over here to watch the race with us! I want to thank you for putting things the way you did. WE can't have  those things  as you said. WE are different. WE will *always* be different. WE must be in acceptance of this factoid because it will not ever change for us. At this point we are in the phase of No Return with our drinking. So I we need to embrace the fuck out of sobriety. If I don't have sobriety...I don't have anything! I truly wish you good luck. I will be watching for you at the DCIs!!!
I need a reset. Thanks for the post. 
That 60-90 days is tough I've been there and told myself that I clearly didn't have a problem if I'd made it that far. I decided on AA too after my last month long relapse after 80 days sober. For me it's not about following the steps or believing everything they say or being religious. It's a space I can where I have other sober support and it holds me accountable. If I told most people I started drinking again they wouldn't really care but knowing I have a sober group of people who cares about my sobriety has kept me from drinking at times. I might not be doing AA the  right  way but I'm doing it in a way that works for me personally. Hopefully you can find some support you can make work for you I will not drink with you today!
&gt;I think it is time to legitimately try Smart or AA...You know what you need to do. You don't need to stay on the hamster wheel. There is a solution!
