-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8me6gh/days/

Tomorrow night I will be whipping up my favorite store box Fun fetti cake with cream cheese frosting to celebrate 100 days sober! I lurked around this sub for 4 months before finally getting the courage to calling the shakes anxiety sweats self loathing and amnesia nights a QUITS!This sub really held me accountable for my badge which I never wish to reset but not to mention... most importantly...all guys  So Thank you. You've been there for me on days where I felt weak and those not too strong enough nights. All your post whether I can relate to or not helps to know...I'm not alone...we're not alone. I believe I will always struggle to stay sober but I'm glad I have you all in reach in my back pocket. If your barely starting out down this road of sobriety I can tell you it gets easier everyday. Most rewarding thing I've ever done for myself. I think im just about to cry. Thank you all. I'll chim back in in another 50 days   
----------immediate responses--------

Hurray!  Triple digits.  That's an achievement.  Way to go.
Awesome job!! I won't be having a drink with you tonight friend.
Awesome !  Such a major accomplishment! IWNDWYT 
Welcome to the 100 Club!
Hell yes!  I love reading these stories.  Congrats!
Oh man I wish I could have a piece of that cake with you! Huge congrats! 
Big congratulations on your 100 Days of Sobriety    .  Your cake sounds amazing. Enjoy. .IWNDWYT 
Thanks for posting. I love hearing the stories from the triples. Many congrats to you. 
Great job!! Enjoy your day and your cake!     
What are some benefits you seen? 
Massive congratulations on 100 days! Enjoy your cake.
Way to go!! 
100 days is an amazing feat! It can be so painful and confusing to quit and not understand what is happening to your body and mind. ..Congrats friend and i will not drink with you today!
That cake will taste extra good sober! Huge congratulations! IWNDWYT 
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!.   
