-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8miesy/the_reckoning/

It is my second day. Please bear with my need to get this all out of my head. :) ..Almost two years ago I moved across the country after leaving a broken-down job a city I couldn't afford to enjoy anymore and a 14-year-long abusive relationship. I didn't know where I was going or what I was going to do once I got there. I only knew that if I didn't get out I was going to go to an irretrievable place. I have severe clinical depression anxiety and (not that I knew it at the time) a lovely whopping dose of PTSD. Staying alive was a struggle sometimes and I told myself that my drinking was self-medicating was situational. ..I got a massive second chance   friends and family extended themselves in all kinds of ways to help me and after three months on the road trying to figure my shit out I ended up here in a beautiful little house with a beautiful back deck and one million birds with an amazing job that actually uses me and my particular brain the way a job should with an incredible circle of loved ones friends and creative cohorts in two bands running a writing group. I mean everything a person who burned down their life at 40 and started over could hope for really. I pulled it off and I pulled it off kind of damn marvelously...And do you know what? The drinking was still there! Because I am still here. The situation has changed 100% -- I have not. I use alcohol not just to self-medicate and to relieve the pain and anxiety of my old life. I use it when I'm happy. I use it when I'm scared. I use it to make myself acceptable to these friends who already love me. I use it as an excuse to hide from people loving me cause man that part just feels crazy and weird. I use it to escape the past sure but I also use it to escape myself in the present. So here I am in this amazing new life and   this is not my beautiful house. ..I have so much good in my life   and not only am I not here for it but I'm damaging it all with my drinking. I'm doing my mental health no favors counteracting everything helpful the docs try to throw at me with booze and its accompanying hangovers sleeplessness and emotional instability. ..I do not want to throw this second chance away. So it stops now. I stop for: ..1.	My friends who have given me so much toward success that I would be ashamed and regretful to squander. .2.	My bands who have taken a big chance on a person who just started making music five years ago and who are starting to really come together. .3.	My work which I am finally good at which I can point to with something resembling pride. .4.	My brain which occasionally still shows me things I love about it even though I brutalize it every day with booze. .5.	My family who hasn't had an undistracted present me in their lives for   well in ever. .6.	My ex who is broken but deserved someone strong and thoughtful who could help him get help instead of someone hiding and incoherent who just wanted to be saved. .7.	Any future man I love for whom I fully intend to be that strong and thoughtful. .8.	Myself. I want to be a real person. A real whole person who is here when it is hard and when it is not and who can live and work and create from a place that can love instead of just a place that needs to be loved. .Wish me luck. I have all the tools a person could dream of and so far it hasn't done a lick of good. .
----------immediate responses--------

