-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mp2e5/im_in_love_with_all_of_u/

I don't know maybe it's the tremendous hope i feel restored since finding this community ... maybe it's the Day 5 achievement and newly sober emotions kicking in maybe it's the Keto diet I started at the same time adding it's nutritional 2 cents. ..All I know is something has suddenly changed in my brain and I find myself relating understanding with a community of people I've never met yet feel understood . A group of people who don't judge u for falling down  for sharing the mistakes of  life who get what it's like to struggle  who they themselves want to feel loved  supported and what's the best is UNDERSTOOD! Being understood and not dismissed by others like i have been who don't understand has been the greatest feeling. ..Im refinding HOPE  is an amazingly powerful  thing and no matter if we slip up or have a moment of weakness just now having that sliver of hope to hang on to  breaks that cloud of complete hopelessness that pushes us to the point of totally giving up. ..I've found so much hope here and I'm very grateful for that and thank u to everyone who has the courage to stand vulnerable in how they feel what they have been through and where they stand and shares ones ups and downs. Feeling free to be both positive and negative keeps it real!!!  Keep fighting  keep believing and keep hoping ... we have to no matter how dark it feels at times.  Much Love! ..IWNDWYT # DAY 5 ..
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today.
This place is truly tremendous :)
Wonderful post and genuine too. This is what makes this place so great. ..I am a private person.. yet I'm able to be free to open up here. ..Needed to read this today.. I hope you have a wonderful day. Stay the sober course .....IWNDWYT 
I'll second that. This place is truly awesome. I know that we are ultimately responsible for our own choices but I really feel as though this place is saving me. IWNDWYT 
Great! I remember when I started to feel strong feelings again like that too. Just remember you might feel terrible sometimes too. If that happens come on here and we will support you
        Right back at ya!!        
I couldn't agree more same to you too. SD has got me further in 8 days than I've been in years. I go to AA but even that doesn't compare to here. We are truly blessed to be here supporting each other. IWNDWYT xx
I'm glad you feel like this!  Hang in there it keeps getting better and better.  I've been on an incredible journey so far and there is still plenty of road ahead.  Sobriety is great!  IWNDWYT 
  back to you.
10 days ago I had no one in my my life that truly understood what my addiction to alcohol was like for me.  Now I have 115000!  And 770 that are online right now! I am no longer alone! Thanks to all my SD peeps for being here and being active!
Iwndwyt! You're almost thru the first week- great job! 
Without a doubt this community has saved lives probably including mine. Though I struggle I never give up!..IWNDWYT.
Hug
You summed it up quite nicely *"I find myself relating understanding with a community of people I've never met yet feel understood . A group of people who don't judge u for falling down  for sharing the mistakes of life who get what it's like to struggle  who they themselves want to feel loved  supported and what's the best is UNDERSTOOD! Being understood and not dismissed by others like i have been who don't understand has been the greatest feeling."* ----**this is sooooooo true.** Thanks for sharing and now for being one of those people you talked about! IWNDWYT!
