-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mscqu/brother_died_from_alcohol_addiction/

Hi everyone ..I've never posted on here but I've read through so many of these boards and this is one incredible virtual support group. I guess I'm turning to everyone on here for a little advice on how to cope with the loss of my brother who could not stop drinking.... ..As the title of my post states I lost my dear brother to an alcohol addiction this past week. This is a pain I've never even come close to feeling and wouldn't wish upon my worst enemy. To see my parents whale in sorrow every night is a close second for things I never want to experience in my time on this planet. ..My brother was an absolutely incredible person. He was handsome a man serving others in his career and a source of laughter and happiness for our family. We noticed his addiction grow steadily worse over the past 8 years but we live in a small town where drinking is very prevalent. Also alcoholism runs on both sides of the family so it's sort of something we are  used to  unfortunately. There's always that drunk Aunt or Uncle embarrassing themselves at family parties and no one thinks anything of it because it's a generational disease that has plagued our family. I've had my fair share of alcohol fueled embarrassments and run ins with the law that I'm not proud of. I've been in counseling for most of my life and have to make a conscious effort to stop drinking once I start. My brother on the other hand was on a completely different level. He used to drink a fifth a night of vodka straight and he didn't have that switch that said  ok it's time to stop.  I am not saying I'm any better than him my  on/off switch  has definitely been broken many times but not to the level his was. ..We've confronted him and begged him to seek help for YEARS. All of our family functions holidays etc. have all centered around making sure he didn't have too much (or any) exposure to alcohol. My parents helped pay most of his bills so that his sole job was to spend all of his energy on fighting this disease. But nothing worked. ..We thought he was in AA for the last 6 months and out of respect for his privacy we decided not to pry into his progress. He would mention meetings or milestones here and there and we would balk at his success. I sent him countless cards texts voicemails filled with encouragement and pride for this demon he was facing head on. All the while he had never really stopped and was still living this life of secrecy in his room. He would tell my parents how he hated being at restaurants because of all the drinking around him but would then go right home and drink a fifth in his bedroom. When he was found dead this week by my poor father (who will never get that image out of his head) we were all dumbfounded. We thought he was getting better we thought he was beating this! ..I can't quite come to grips with this loss and WHY it happened. Why didn't our words and actions help? Why was he powerless over this drug? Why didn't he reach out and tell us he fell off the wagon and needed help? Why do some people beat this and others don't? I'm so lost and so heartbroken without him and I just can't help but keep asking myself WHY. ..Also for anyone struggling and your family is on your back it's only because they love you more than anything and they want you here. They want you at every family function they want you to meet their future children and attend their weddings. You are good enough you are worth fighting for and your family is coming from a place of intense love. Please I'm begging you to listen  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry and I need to admit I'm an alcoholic
I am very sorry for your loss. Both my father and my boyfriend died from the disease so I know firsthand how heartbreaking it is. Unfortunately this sub isn't an appropriate place for your post and we have removed it. r/AlAnon r/family or r/grief might be a better place for you to get support.
I am very sorry for your loss.  I have come to the conclusion that there are multiple reasons for becoming addicted to alcohol as many as there are people.  Anyone can drink/drug themselves into addiction.  What is worse is that the drug itself alters the brain to crave the drug.  As a society we (USA here) have a massive problem with alcohol.  Opiates don't come close to alcohol related deaths.  You may want to check out "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace.  I'm finding it very helpful.  I tend to believe alcohol will become the next taboo like tobacco.  Shame drives a lot of addiction for me anyway.  I drink because I feel unworthy I feel unworthy because I drink.  Horrible.  Then I found out its not my fault (and it is not your fault in the case of brother).  Nature and nurture work against me hand in hand.  One we are conditioned and encouraged to drink.  Very difficult to find someone who hasn't drank - it is shoved down our throats sometimes literally.  Two some of us have old genes (My guess: look back in time to no potable water we would outlived the others) and we can process the crap out of alcohol.  However there is no genetic proof that I'm aware of for "alcohol gene".  Thanks for your words.   IWNDWYT
