-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mvrhz/first_sober_date_coming_up/

I need to harness all the power of SD to get through this. Typically I'd drink a bottle of wine BEFORE meeting a guy for drinks. It helped me feel confident because honestly I struggle with really hating my body. Contrary to some people who get sober I've been consistently putting on weight since last year due to binge eating excessive drinking and drug use. I'm not very confident in my body despite people complimenting me and telling me they don't see what I see. I want to push myself to go on this date but I can't shake wanting to bail on our plans and just stay home. ..Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Just go. You might be pleasantly surprised and have fun. I remember the first time I had a sober date night with my now ex-wife. It wasn't bad. And I've had numerous ones since then. Some were good some weren't. But each one was a confidence booster...But tell some friends to have their phones at the ready. So if your feeling overwhelmed run to the restroom and fire off a few text messages. Or ask your friends to text you so they can check on you. ..You got this!!! 
In AA the common advice is to not date for a year. This is to make sure that you have the chance to figure out what kind of person you are in sobriety to work on your issues and to figure out how to love yourself. If the thought of going on a date is triggering this much anxiety why go? You don't need to prove anything to anybody. I was told that you need to learn how to love yourself before you are able to give love to someone else in a healthy way. That made sense to me. ..I'm very glad that I gave myself time to work on myself before I started dating. 
I find it's helpful to have a mantra to keep in my head for social situations that give me anxiety. The main one I have to remember is just to fucking breathe. Sometimes I forget that and my anxiety keeps creeping up higher and higher and I'm like why is breathing so hard I am sitting down in a chair. ..I find wearing a ring or something like that I can play around with using my hands reminds me to say the mantra in my head and also gives my hands something to do..Good luck on your date &lt;3
Think of it as making a potential new friend. Pressure off? 
