-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8myegr/for_those_of_you_struggling_with_afraid_of/

You will make new ones and they'll be healthy positive people...I found it hard to believe that i could make new friends sober and at 33 but if you get out do stuff try new things those new friends will automatically follow and it will be based around a common interest besides drinking :) You'll also get some confidence back that you drank away so its easier to be yourself and speak your mind and still be likeable wich was a big one for me. You'll be more coherent when you tell stories people will show genuine interest instead of just drunkely hanging on your shoulder and it'll be great fun...So don't worry it might take a while but your life WILL be filled with laughter and smiles and friends again..
----------immediate responses--------

Great post my unmathable buddy.  Sounds like things are going well for you in soberland.  Healthy and positive are two things we all need more of in life!  Happy to be not drinking with you  :\)
Thanks for these encouraging words. My socializing has definitely slowed down\-\-my decision\-\-since I stopped drinking. On the one hand I think that some friends have hurt feelings because I don't want to hang out and chat \(and drink\) with them for hours on the weekends. On the other hand I just got to the point where it seemed repetitive and unhealthy. I am trying to find ways of enjoying them and our friendship but also protecting my need for lots of sober time alone which is also time I am super productive! They are supportive of stocking their beer fridge with La Croix but the wasted hours are what bug me at this point. ..Also need to explore meeting new friends. At 43 it's tough especially with my work schedule but I know I need to do it so I'm grateful for your push. 
Thank you for such an inspiring post! I am definitely struggling in that department. Where did you meet your sober friends?
Yup...This has been a challenge for me. I'm quite introverted. I also moved away from my core group of friends when I got my current job which at first helped me drink less but then I just started drinking alone because I was too nervous to go out on a Friday night to meet new people at bars or the occasional party other than school those were the place I knew how to meet people. Then I started rock climbing and managed to meet a bunch of people and do an activity that is best without alcohol (and the gym will boot you out if you are intoxicated). My climbing friends all drink but know that I don't and are happy to go out for food rather than beers or go for hikes on the weekend. 
This is my first time in this sub and I was going to make a post about my concerns of loneliness. I plan on stepping back from drinking because that is literally all me and my friends ever do. This post was exactly what I needed to hear. Thank you. 
*LAUGHTER*...I realized recently that I hadn't had a real genuine belly laugh in probably years. I laughed in that numb drunken way but the bent over gasping for air side splitting laughter had just disappeared. The laughter is starting to come back - real laughter. That belly laugh is on the horizon I can feel it!..Also laughter is a very strange English word :-)
Thank you  needed to hear this right now. 
Thanks for this. I'm 33 and have never tried without alcohol and I'm an outgoing person and have still found this challenging. 
