-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mz3zd/selfdefence_and_the_dining_out_challenge/

I've been living in the boondocks for a fair while now where alcohol is not put on a menu because ho-one needs one. They either know what to they want to drink or they can see it at the bar. The grog's mostly not flash either. ..When I've gone to the city for a visit it's mostly been to cafe-type places if we eat out - cheap and cheerful and not a sommelier in sight...So it came as quite a shock trying to find a classy restaurant in Sydney in the CBD to book a table at for the end of this week for my daughter's birthday to see just HOW pervasive the wine culture is and how it has morphed into an almost given that people will drink wine with their food...I was looking for a place that does a fair range of gluten-free options [daughter has major allergy] so went to Trip Advisor. ..Appalled to see how many I had to rule out simply because they are bars - and not only do I not need that around me I'm pretty sure a bar in Sydney on a Friday night is not an ideal place for an 11 YO even if it is licensed to have kids in the dining area...Then I ruled out all the ones that only had the kind of menu where every dish has a suggested wine pairing - I'm so out of touch I hadn't even realised this was really a thing!! I'm in touch enough with the struggle to stay sober that I don't need that temptation smacking me in the eyes when I'm trying to simply pick a main course...That left me all of about five places that would be open for dinner that night and had good reviews for gluten free food...Two were the kind of Japanese place where I'd need to take out a bank loan to pay for a meal that would actually fill up an 11YO with a gargantuan appetite...That left three - and they were all. booked. out. due to the Vivid festival.  ..So - we are not going to eat in the CBD that night. Instead I found us somewhere right on a beach where the wine list is not part of the main menu the food is interesting and not hideously expensive and Kiddo can get whatever an upmarket place means by "pavlova" for dessert. ..Sometimes it's worth amending the plan to dial down the things that will make the Lizard voice feel really empowered...But gee - it is so bloody hard sometimes to simply find a nice place to eat where booze is not going to be a major part of the surroundings.. 
----------immediate responses--------

In AA in America.  ..Most of the larger cities here are rife with AA meetings.  I've met a few Australian tourists who've come to my meetings in NYC.  If I have to go to a triggering event [a boozy party or a stressful interview] I hit a meeting or make a call before and after the event...We call that 'book ending.'
Booze has a much higher markup than food so it is no surprise that most restaurants push the wine hard.  It is where most of their profits come from...My pops suffers from Celiac's disease so I feel your pain finding places with gluten free options.  Having five to choose from actually sounds amazing.  We usually have one or two options at best...If we had to find something with no booze and no gluten I don't think we'd ever dine out again.
Oh no what a horror story! Sydney is just tragic for the flashy booze-dripped dining experience. A colleague recently went to a matched wine degustation and said afterward his girlfriend and he just threw it all back up. Gorgeous. ..Hope you had a lovely time here in the big smoke! x
