-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n211k/relapsing_roughly_once_a_month/

Hey guys so I'm pretty much a self-identified alcoholic. I'm 22 now and from the 19-21 I would drink most days usually alone far too much and found it difficult to stop drinking once I'd started and to go days without drinking. I've managed to mostly pull myself out of it and I'm much better than I was although once I hit the one month mark of sobriety I always feel compelled to drink again. I guess in essence what I'm doing is regulating never drinking more than once a month when I do drink I now find it easy not to drink the next day I remember how shitty it makes me feel I don't want to wake up to that unpleasantness or do anything I'll regret. Despite being much better though I just don't feel like I've truly kicked the stuff. Even if it is very controlled (for now) and I don't see that changing anytime soon I just can't stay 100% sober. I just wanted to get that off my chest thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; *Even if it is very controlled (for now) and I don't see that changing anytime soon I just can't stay 100% sober.*..Good for you for significantly curbing your drinking...If you eventually want to "stay 100% sober" you'll find plenty of encouragement here.
I just want to chime in with a genuine "GOOD FOR YOU!" ..I also wonder:when you do drink what is happening? Do you get intoxicated? Or are you able to stop even if stopping feels uncomfortable? 
Even if you control to the one/month it ends up not being worth it.  I've been more like a only on the weekends controller and it makes for several days a week of pretty much misery and regret returning to the knowledge that nope need to give this stuff up for good.
I never even considered 'controlled drinking.'  I wanted what I wanted when I wanted it.  ..One day I wanted three shots before work.  My boss wasn't too pleased with me.  Yadda yadda rehab or be fired...I heard about the AA 90 meetings in 90 days plan in rehab and knew I couldn't quit on my own...It worked for me.
