-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n2u6w/finally_realizing_i_dont_need_alcohol_to_have_fun/

I just thought I would post this in hopes it helps someone else early on in sobriety. This past weekend I realized I truly can have fun without alcohol. The pool was a blast like it always had been though I was worried it wouldn't be fun because it used to be an excuse to day drink. I went to a cook out and we played games and it was actually really fun even though I was sober. I forgot how fun games can be. For a while I couldn't have  fun  unless I could get drunk...I think a few people have wondered why I haven't drank at the pool the last few weeks but only one person pushed it a little and it was a guy who drinks a lot up there. I've noticed the people without drinking problems don't care only those who have a problem...To those struggling with trying to enjoy life sober I just want to say it eventually gets better. The times where I miss going out and getting wasted are fewer and further between and it's also a relief that I can say whatever without worrying about whether or not it's ok because my judgement isn't impaired. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. ..On Sunday I spent the day at the river then went to a campfire meeting and then to the beach with friends. ..The weekend before that I went camping in the mountains with a bunch of sober people and spent three days swimming in the lake playing board games throwing a football around and generally having a blast with people who also no longer need to drink to have fun. ..Life is as good as I let it be. 
Well done and congrats on your progress to date. The realisation that you can keep on living your life and enjoying time with friends is a slow but important one. ..I went to my brother's girlfriend's 21st on the weekend. I was once the life of the party crazy and loud and dancing the night away off my face. And at the 21st I was crazy and loud and danced the night away...sober. It was fun. It was an important milestone. 
Drinking stopped being fun for me.  It took me a very long time to convince my brain that drinking wasn't fun anymore.  But it's a relief to not think that I'm missing out on anything.  ..Congratulations to you! IWNDWYT 
