-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nbi4v/trying_harder_on_the_thousandth_try/

I started drinking when I was 13 and I from the beginning I intuited that it would be a problem for me. By the age of 17 or so I knew very explicitly knew that I couldn't achieve things if I was drinking. I quit drinking for a few years in high school because I wanted to go to a good college and get as far away from my home town as possible. I chose to go to a college known for its terrible party scene because I didn't want to fall back into the habits I had in early high school. I made it about 3 weeks at college without drinking and since then it has been a constant struggle. College was what I thought it would be if I drank through it\- a series of failures. I probably looked like a normal average student from the outside but I struggled academically emotionally and socially. ..After college was more of the same. Things came to a breaking point a few years ago and I started going to AA on and off. I was sober for a little over 5 months. Many things about that time period we're great. I have never felt so comfortable in my own skin. I didn't make embarrassing phone calls to relatives or exes. I felt respected at work and I started to respect myself. I felt hopeful. My big problem is that as soon as I stop drinking I get so much better so quickly and I lose motivation and feel like not drinking is costing more than it is giving me. I am motivated by pain and the pain goes away quickly. Since I started drinking again about a year and a half ago I have been in a pattern of not drinking for a few weeks things are good I feel like I can handle a few light beers and I can't. I am so desperate to break out of this pattern. It is so frustrating and demoralizing. I drive drunk my personality changes in ways I don't like I do embarrassing things I come frighteningly close to being unfaithful to my partner I don't achieve anything I spend the day after drinking sobbing intermittently and reflecting on what a piece of shit I am.  I so badly want things to be different this time but I said that two weeks ago and two weeks before that and two months before that and two years before that etc. ..I am going to try again and am going to try differently. I am going to start writing about my experiences so that I have a response when I ask myself why it would be such a big deal to have a few drinks. I am going to start going to engage with communities like this one. I am going to do a lot of reading. I am going to cultivate interests and hobbies and spirituality that don't have to do with drinking. I am going to try and find ways to stay motivated once the pain subsides. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..Your plan sounds good to me!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....There's also a good list of 'Quit Lit' under 'Books' on the sidebar if you run short of reading material......I found that posting here and sharing my experiences was really helpful for sorting my head out hope you'll find the same!..Regularly talking to and helping other addicts in recovery has also been a key thing for me it's much easier that way than struggling along all on your own.....Hope you'll keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I'm new to this too. Have faith friend. We believe in you. Take it one day at a time. IWNDWYT  
IWNDWYT 
If at first you don't succeed try again! There is no one path to sobriety. What works varies from person to person. You should never feel ashamed of trying something and finding out it didnt work. I think you are being really intelligent in planning out your next steps so thoughtfully. You are clearly committed to sobriety and we have no doubt that you will achieve it . IWNDWYT 
Writing really helped me.  Both journaling and posting here helped change the way I think about drinking.  The more I wrote about my negative experiences with drinking the more I came to believe the reality rather than my romanticized version of drinking. The more I wrote about the positive feelings about sobriety the more I embraced the changes for the better...Good luck to you! IWNDWYT 
