-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ndfqq/i_feel_like_im_teetering_on_the_brink_of_a_relapse/

It's not just alcohol it feels like everything.  In the last few days all the good habits I've built over this past month   cooking cleaning focusing on positive and productive things instead of wasteful or toxic ones   seem to be going out the window one by one.  I'm feeling really stressed and irritable and a case of the  fuckits  feels not far off.  ..My last quit attempt also lasted around 40 days.  I wonder if it's something about this amount of time.  I need to find some way to snap myself out of this.
----------immediate responses--------

I've found taking a walk works wonders.. fresh air helps!
I haven't reached 40 days yet so I'm not sure how helpful I am. But hang in there! Remember some of us look up to you and we are grated for your experience. If necessary force yourself to do those healthy habits or start a new one to distract yourself. We are all cheering you on! IWNDWYT 
Great job on awareness and congrats on 38 days...Are you receiving any type of support?
Dude I get the same way at around 21 days. I feel like I'm a bottle of coke being shaken a little each day after 3 weeks and nothing I do seems to stop it. Gonna write a fourth step this time.
Sorry it's tough right now.  Hang on! Sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
Hi 6years sober here! Yes I also went through very tough times the thing is that I had to really dive deep into myself and accept my flaws part of that discomfort came from seeing that not even sober can I escape from myself! And that is the thing..why can't I be happy RIGHT NOW? That question jump started the journey into myself. .Hold on! You will succeed don't fall to this  normal   obstacle.  It's a mind trap.
just as you breathe a sigh of relief the fuckits sneak up on ya. i've been there. i wish i could tell you some sort of magic trick but you just have to ride it out - it will lift it always does. ..hang in there. try to distract yourself until the urge subsides. i have found that if i was to graph this experience although there are still ups and downs the general trend is definitely upward...and every time you manage to resist you feel a little stronger and a little more ready for when it hits again...you can do this. IWNDWYT!
I like to remember just how fucking furious with myself I would be how disappointed with myself I would be and how much I would let down those around me if I let The Bad Idea Department convince me that booze is a good idea. To hell with the Department--I've got my life back and I'm not giving it up because some whiny little part of my brain is throwing a hissy fit. Fuck that. Sending best wishes your way and IWNDWYT
I'm with you there I've been dealing with a case of the fuck\-its all day.  And the weather is so nice too! Gaaah. 
I'm actually feeling the same way I continue to let other people's bullshit effect my mood. I'm thankful I haven't drank any alchohol yet I really hope you don't drink any either. 
I definitely get those cycles which is why I'm having a hard time breaking 10 days. I get really motivated then say fuck it! I'm on the verge today. Instead of pushing it I'm just crashing on the couch and watching TV after work.  I think I'll do the same tomorrow unless I feel inclined otherwise. 
Posting here is a good start! Being aware of the risk is also a huge step that sounds to me like you don't really want to drink. With that mindset I know you can stay the course and steer your ship back away from a relapse before you drink! 
Thank you for writing this post. I am feeling the exact same way lately and was really struggling today. Came on here to see if anyone was dealing with it as well. The only thing that stopped me today is that I didn't want to reset my count and have to tell the people I've opened up to that I slipped. Sometimes whatever we can do is enough. You are not alone  we are with you.
Good spot. As you mention it I've had a couple of those moments! In the end I just couldn't be arsed to go back to Day One again. ..Weirdly I've become a huge fan of Dr Pepper instead. Yuk. 
