-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ndptw/first_time_poster_im_really_trying_my_best/

Yesterday I had told myself all day that today I wouldn't drink.  I did so well until the evening time rolled around and then the struggle actually started. I did every chore around the house to distract me made calls to friends to look for encouragement. I was managing to stay distracted but around 11pm there I was in the kitchen looking at the alcohol I had mistakenly not poured out earlier in the day. I broke and ended up drinking about 9 beers. Today I once again woke up and all day said this will be the day that I will start my sobriety. I've stayed positive the best I can all day today. I came home and poured out all the remaining booze I had down the sink. I felt okay until my fianc e and myself started somewhat aggravating each other through text while she was at work. Now my nerves are kicking in and the struggle is starting back up. Usually being broke until payday isn't a great thing but I'm thankful I am today since I poured all the booze away and I can't afford to go buy any currently. I haven't gone one day that I can recall without drinking since about a year and a half ago when I managed to stay sober for about a week. Back then before I tried to get sober I was drinking a fifth of rum every evening until I passed out. I made the decision to clean my act up and I felt so much better and then I told myself  now we can have a couple of beers after work from now on and we will be fine.  I'm sure most of you can guess how that went. I suffer from anxiety and crutching on alcohol has always allowed me to hide from panic attacks seemingly... I'm truly giving it my best and I promise I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Being here is a great first step--welcome to SD :) You're on the right track in making the call to kick the demon rum in the backside and right out the door. I believe you can do this. This community has been really helpful to me and I hope it is for you too. ..A couple of books (recommended here to me) that really helped me cement my decision to booze the boot were "Alcohol Explained" by William Porter and "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. Once I understood that my desire for booze was caused by biochemical processes and subconscious programming I stopped even wanting it. And if I can gain that freedom you can too. Hope you'll hang out and let us know how things are going. I'm sending best wishes your way and IWNDWYT
Good on you for pouring out the booze. I have anxiety too and that is one of the biggest triggers for me. ...IWNDWYT.
Good on you to pour out that booze. I did the same thing on my first day. I couldn't have done it if I hadn't. Baby steps. I also had been drinking daily. I always told myself I wasn't so bad off since I only had "a few beers" a day. Boy was I wrong! It gets easier. Just give it time. I'm proud of you. That may seem strange coming from a stranger but I remember how hard it was to put it down. Stay strong. This sub has helped me tremendously in many weak moments. So with that I welcome you and IWNDWYT!
Welcome...Yes pouring it out is what I had to do too. I also threw away about $50 of weed. Hell today I threw away my coffee as I have been drinking so much it was making my anxiety worse...I definitely know anxiety too. Learning a lot of relaxation techniques and exercising hard (makes you sleep very well at night) have done wonders for me. I also bought a stress ball to mess with. ..Have any activities you really enjoy? Video games have always been a great comfort to me and I've been playing old games I used to play usually while drinking. They are so much more fun now because I am sober/can follow the stories better and I don't remember a lot of the content!..And my relationship with my wife has gotten better too. There really are quite a few positives to quiting. No hangovers headaches regret for doing something dumb worry I'll die early and more...You can do this. Initially it is rough (I'm experiencing it again with quiting caffeine) but gets easier with time. Again you can do this and get a better life.....
Hello /u/davidwoodstock I'm glad you're here. ..I needed medical help to detox safely. After being honest with my doctor about my drinking I received medication to make withdrawal safer and easier. ..If symptoms become concerning please seek medical help. 
Nomo is a great free app I use. It tracks time since your last drink how much money you've saved by not drinking and how much time you haven't wasted drinking or being drunk. When I see how much money I've saved and how much time I had been wasting it motivates me to keep going!
