-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8njcig/i_replapsed_but_have_dried_out_since/

 I attempted to quit drinking years ago when I visited here but relapsed shortly after. Please reset my day counter to 03/18/18...As of this posting I am 2 months and 2 weeks into sobriety from alcohol addiction. I've always had an issue with drinking heavy amounts on a day to day basis since I was 18 years old \(as most of you would know if you've hung out with me at any point\) and my drinking only got worse after my mother died last year. I didn't think I actually had a problem until 2 months and 2 weeks ago at age 31 my body decided during spring break to fire a warning shot at me. I was taken to the ER and without going into details about the awful ordeal was told that if I kept drinking from that point on I'd die sooner than later...So that was the day of my last drink. I came to terms with what I am I found a sponsor/mentor in a person who I consider to be my best man and my best friend got through the debilitating withdrawals got on medications from my physician and am actively cleaning up my act with the help of my incredible and loving wife. Life has been a lot more fun and manageable since then. I've gotten closer with my son found deeper meaning in my marriage enjoyed activities more and am getting my body functions back to normal slowly but surely...Saying all that to say I'm not posting this out of pride or looking for attention or likes but this is more of a "If I can do it so can you" post. I would never have come as far as I have without the support system I have and there isn't a thing in the world I would trade for that. I haven't been open about this to many people yet because I wasn't sure if I could do it or not but I'm doing it...Also my wife is the best person. She is the perfect one for me. Not a single other person out there would have done what she has done for me and I will always be thankful for that no matter what.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi.  Great job on 2.5 months.  
Welcome back. IWNDWYT ..Here is the link for badge resets.http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/
Welcome back! IWNDWYT  
So sorry about your mum. That's incredibly difficult to go through. But it's great that you are enjoying life so much more sober and that your relationships are so much more fulfilling. 
