-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8njthw/other_substances/

Ever since I started my sober journey a mere 19 days ago I decided everything that is mind altering is off limits. I smoked weed very infrequently years ago and I only ever took very limited prescribed  post-operative pain meds without ever asking for refills.  The only thing I take otherwise is adderall. ..What are people's thoughts on taking other substances? I'm struggling with my need for adderall and quitting it to be 100% sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

Is your Adderall prescribed by a psychiatrist? What is your diagnosis?
Is Prozac considered mind-altering?  Maybe one day I will get off it but don't want to try now. 
I take antidepressants daily because of my depression. Those are medically necessary for me to function. If your drugs have been prescribed by a doctor to help you function please keep taking them. No doctor is going to write you a prescription for alcohol to make things better but things like Adderal or Lexapro are prescribed because they allow you to function.
For me it is all a matter of medicinal versus recreational. If a drug is to help a medical condition and taken as recommended for the condition it does not in my mind make me not sober. ..There are some hardline AA folks around who believe using any substance for any reason is not being sober and yet will in many cases use tons of caffeine and  nicotine which in their minds is fine. Pay them no mind unless they happen to be your doctor. Everyone has to make their own decisions but many drugs do in fact help many people in many cases. 
I live in a legal state &amp; smoke pot to help me sleep &amp; use edibles when I want to relieve stress like on vacation. I also still use psychedelics very occasionally. I've never had an issue with those drugs like I do with booze so I think it's ok for me. 
I still smoke weed.  I might decide later not too.  But for now im killing one beast at a time and that beast is alcohol.  
