-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nu63s/does_anyone_else_get_passive_aggressive_support/

I get comments like .."Oh... cool "......."Good for you ..." .."Kudos for you for knowing you needed to regroup".."I'm happy for you but are you sure you're an alcoholic like I knew you had a drinking problem but....".."Oh that is good but does it mean you don't want to drink ever again????!!" ..My therapist says people have a tendency to look inwards and compare when they see someone who outwardly looks as if they have it together but are struggling with something. ..They might be thinking they have a problem too. ..I never said that! I only said that I am sober lol!
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I've been struggling with the responses of some people. People I don't know well wanting an explanation why I'm not drinking\- I don't feel comfortable lying but I really don't feel comfortable telling coworkers that I have an alcohol problem either. I've found people very reluctant to believe I needed to quit and somehow it's never enough for me to just have wanted to stop. I don't want to go into detail explaining all my failed attempts at moderation all the stupid crap I did drunk all the people I upset so I normally just give noncommital answers and change the topic when someone I don't know well pushes their point that I should just drink moderately. ..I think your comment on people wondering if that means that they have a problem too is spot on! Looking around me a lot of people are drinking way more than recommended and some of them seem really invested in the idea of me starting drinking again 'in moderation'. Makes me hope I never did that to anyone when I was drinking! 
Yes my Father who has an even worse relationship with booze than me deeply resents me quitting. He even told me that I haven't been depressed because of alcohol it's actually because I listen to Doom Metal Goth etc! ..It's because he knows deep down that he could never go without booze...Very upsetting to have that kind of mentality from my own father but there you have it.
I was invited out by very close work friends for someone's birthday tomorrow politely declined as it's based around drinking and I said  I'm really sorry not drinking at the moment'.They've asked me how my  detox' is going to which I've replied  well'. They've also asked me  how long are you not drinking for?' To which I've replied  as long as I possibly can'.Their response? ... with a giggle....  well it's not like you're addicted or something'.And I realise how well I've managed to hide my problem thus far. Once I know I can do this (each day is a struggle) I will  come clean' and tell them the whole truth. But for now I guess I'm scared of failure and don't want to expose myself in such a blas  way  .I should add I'm a medical professional so it does not bode well for me to expose myself unless I've got myself under control xx
Your therapist is right. This doesn't just happen with drinking comments. Most people spend all day and night worried about themselves. Every event in their lives is framed on how it affects *them* and how *they* need to respond and what *their* next step is. I honestly think that once I figured this out I was cured of any need to control situations or insecurities about how I present myself. These things really helped me when I did the 12 steps. People just can't get over themselves and I just go with the flow. Water off a duck. Keep my side of the street clean and move on...Whew. Sorry for the mini-rant I just forget about how much I used to care about shit like this and it was such a waste of time.
Yes it's irritating. Yes your sobriety becomes a reflection on their own decisions and all of us when we take a look inward will always see some ugliness. People who get sober have desensitized themselves to the inner ugliness and have an acceptance of it.
Or  good.  I never thought you'd do it .Ouch..IWNDWYT 
Definitely. Other people's problems are their problems and outside your bubble of influence. They can only affect you if you let them. ..I am learning to discern the difference between comments of people who care about my progress and those who don't. ..You have to be a little callous: the brain can only process 120 bits per second. ..Is someone reacting to a power you have but they don't? Do they see you as a threat and not an example? ..Quietly politely let them go. They can get f'd. 
