-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nwnfe/my_sponsor_said_to_call_her_before_i_drank_but_i/

I mean she is basically a stranger. It's just hard to call her and say I am really struggling because I am going through some real shit right now. I can't pay my rent and my daughters grandpa is dying in the hospital. I am just stressed to the max. I know drinking changes nothing but I feel suicidal and desperate for some kind of release. I just fear if I drink without calling her she will stop sponsoring me and I was so grateful for our talk.  
----------immediate responses--------

When I've been struggling I've just picked up the phone and said the words  I'm struggling . It's a sponsor's job to be able to help you and know how to talk you through this. Try not to overthink it. Just pick up the phone and dial. Good luck!  
Force yourself to talk to her. Step outside your comfort zone and call her. I know it's uncomfortable but look at it as life or death. Because ultimately it is. Maybe not today or tomorrow but I've never ever heard an alcoholic say their life has improved or their problems went away by drinking. We know where it leads. ..Your children deserve you sober in these hard times. Call your sponsor go to meetings and most of all work the steps. Get tools to deal with the things life throws at you. ..I know it's easier said than done but a phone call is a lot easier to deal with than all the damage guilt and remorse that comes from drinking. 
I got sober in AA...I can't speak for your sponsor never met her or you...The main thing that keeps me sober is knowing that no matter how bad it is it will get worse if I drink.  ..I assume she knows a little about what you are going through.  If she asked you to call she probably wants you to call...Again I am speaking as a outside observer with little knowledge.
Call her. I didnt call mine before relapsing because i felt guilty. He later told me to never hesitate to call him. He said that helping me helps him too. Remember its a two way street we have to be willing to accept the help others are willing to give 
You should call her...Trust the system if you're going the AA route...And just try to make it through the night. When you're going through a tough moment where you're worried you might drink your focus shouldn't be all the larger issues you're dealing with but what's in front of you that you can control. The little things. Go get yourself a cup of tea or whatever other drink of choice and just try to get through the night...Maybe do something like writing in a journal. Or draw a picture after you call your sponsor...Good luck.
I'm sorry there's so much stress.  We're here for you.  I take a deep breath and figure out what I can do today and what I can do tomorrow and worry about the rest later.  Not drinking is one of the best things I can do today to make sure my list of things I can tackle tomorrow stays in sight.  Be kind to yourself.  You're fighting a real battle here.  We've got your back.
If it were me I would not call her. I would trust my gut. I would call someone else someone that I felt comfortable venting too. And in the mean time I would distract myself from drinking and play the tape forward. Best wishes!
When we agree to be a sponsor we mean it. Hopefully people learn go call when things are going good so that it is easier to call when they aren't.  I caoukd call my sponsor(s) anytime and they always listened.  
Here was a great idea to talk :) my opinion is that sponsors were in the same spot we are. but they are only human &amp; not trained lol. Sooooo it could be a toss up... juuuussttt my opinion not that that helped (sorry). Mine dropped me for not quitting my job to do AA twice a day plus community service. Sooooo if it does happen try not to take it personally - there are many other sponsors out there we are here for you you have people &lt;3
My sponsor said to call her to check in with her - at first it was every night - now it's less often. Sometimes it's just a quick text "Hi - all well - just come back from dog walk"...When I really wanted to drink I called her straight away. I've only needed to call her twice because I thought I was going to drink and she was really good - I felt much better afterwards. I just phoned and said "Help!". I didn't struggle with the idea of calling her because I'd had plenty of practice! She says it helps her to stay sober too... She wouldnt have given me her number or agreed to sponsor me if she didn't mean it. 
