-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o08js/im_a_new_day_rising_im_a_brand_new_sky_to_hang/

i relapsed on my last birthday. i had mostly planned it. i was closing in on thirty days at that point and while i didn't completely black out my decision to drink cancelled out the flowers cards the joy. i was left bleak and empty and lonely a unfavorable start to a new year. .. i'm a little divided. do i stay or run away - leave it all behind? ..i have more time under my belt this birthday but i appreciate today will still have its challenges. time often turns against you in the face of celebrations with beautiful weather former drinking buddies and the lure of free drinks.  am i *really* an alcoholic - look at how many days i didn't drink!  .. it's times like these you learn to live again. ..people will take me to dinner tonight. there is a small party before. i may or may not envy the cocktail they pair their pasta with but to be honest my heart is so full of gratitude and love and hope that i don't think i could swallow much else.  .. it's times like these you give and give again.   ..i gave myself the ultimate birthday gift nearly nine months ago. each day i pay a little towards the total balance but today i get to take it for a spin. the hard work the sacrifice the white knuckles are dressed in birthday hats and covered in streamers thrilled to celebrate. just happy to be here. .. it's time like these you learn to love again.  ..i could not be more proud of myself. i am worth each battle deserving of every victory. this is love. this is happy birthday. ..i will not drink with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Happy happy birthday to you!!! Cheers with my teas as I will not drink with you today!!!
Well said!  Here here and a happy birthday. 
Happy Birthday dear Squid!..Hope you enjoy the meal and have a lovely evening filled with happiness and joy &lt;3.
Happy Birthday! .Cannot wait to experience my Sober B-Day in 3 months !!..IWNDWYT
Happy sober birthday  here's to many more. IWNDWYT  
A VeRy HaPpY BiRtHdaY to you!    
Good on you for the sobriety the birthday and the foo fighters! 
Happy birthday squid!
Happy birthday!  IWNDWYT 
Well done!!! Happy birthday in so many ways!  You encourage me to keep going--it's worth it--it's worth our own self-love.  Very very well done :-)
