-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o0arl/relapsed_last_night_and_i_need_support/

Hi Reddit..on Jan. 7th this year \(2018\) I made a dedication to quit drinking. The reason was due to depression and anxiety I would consistently seek out validation through others  by drinking. Through this process I got a girlfriend and a healthy relationship going back to school and quit a job that was very triggering for me. However last night I was with my girlfriend and for some reason I decided to have a drink. I think it was the fact that I missed the looseness you have from drinking. But in the end I drank. I put myself and my girlfriend in an uncomfortable situation. I have no recollection of this but I drank and drove to buy a pack of cigarettes \(I don't even smoke\) and then when I came back to my girlfriends place I apparently puked all over the place \(which again I have no recollection of doing\). As I'm typing I'm starting a new part time job and I am hungover as shit. I am so ashamed with myself and the actions I did last night that I want to kill myself for it. I balled my eyes out once my girlfriend left for work this morning. I have not cried so hard in a long time. I need to know what to do in this situation. I guess what I'm asking for is advice on what to do and how to not succumb to my vices in the future...Thank you!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey - Don't beat yourself up! It's part of the "Recovery" process!! We think we're cured and we chose to have a drink (or 10)..I KNOW that I cannot have 1 or even a sip of alcohol. Since i came to terms with this. I DON'T LOOK BACK.. I don't care about yesterday. Yesterday can Kiss my Ass!..So... Today. Clean up.. Drink a ton a water. Then know the liberation of saying "I will not drink with you today" and mean it!..I hope this makes sense.... I am just speaking from my experience...IWNDWYT 
Hey go easy on yourself! The "R" word can be rough.  We are all imperfect.   The consequences from our actions while we drink can be very bad and take along time to heal.  Stay open communicate with your S.O.  and in the long term this will be a stepping stone.  P.s. don't ever smoke when you drink. I tried it once in college and vomited and had cold sweats for hours.  I guess that's what we get for doing to toxic substances at the same time.   
You have to admit that you are powerless in the face of alcohol. One sip one drink: it's never gonna be enough for us. Once we accept that we can't try to moderate  it becomes a bit easier  because all the energy we were spending on moderating (which was always going to be wasted energy because we would fail) can instead be channelled into not drinking today. IWNDWYT 
You are in a rough place right now. Some questions I wished I had asked myself when in your shoes before:..-Have my well thought out reasons for not drinking changed?..-Do I want to descend back into my regular drinking regimen for months or years? Can I visualize and remember how shitty that was? (It's the major reason why I quit of course.)..A fresh tangle with the demon always leaves me vulnerable but I can't change the past. I can only change the future. 
it's therapy and work friend. Whether are not you are into AA you need to address the reasons behind your drinking. It's often poor coping skills and many of us have ACE's which stands for "adverse childhood experiences" which mess up how we see ourselves others and cope with reality. Recovery is hard work for most of us but with time and repetitive positive actions we get develop new skills and kick ass.  .  .There are many evidence-based therapies for anxiety and depression these days. AA technically isn't because they keep their books closed and are anonymous but if they were ever studied they'd probably discover some evidence-based techniques inside since so many therapies are there. For instance CBT is clinically shown to re-wire the brain and some of the AA-speak like taking "contrary action" is straight up CBT. Also things like TMS therapy is shown to help depression neurofeedback is shown to lower alpha baseline and help anxiety etc etc.  . .There are lot of tools to help you move past this but simply getting sober and white-knocking it almost never works longterm.  .  .Wising you the best!!
Hold on you haven't lost the girlfriend  haven't lost the job. You drank and got a huge major smack in the face. Getting right back on the wagon I bet with a hideous memory to help you stay on track. You've got this. You've got it. IWNDWYT 
Just wanted to tell you something about reading this really hit home for me.  I can identify with most of what's written on SD but something here just felt SO familiar.  I have done this to myself and my girlfriend and the shame and self loathing are immense. Today it's critical for you to do two things.  One be grateful that you have clarity and no major damage was done.  Two focus on what you can learn and change from this experience.  What made you want to pick up?  Were there signs recently that a relapse was imminent?  What's something you can put in place to prevent this from happening in the future?  Just remember you are human.  You made a mistake and you're doing the first right thing to get back to where you want to be.  You can get right back on that track.  Wishing you the best today stay strong.
Dude you got this you're at your new job! Hangovers suck but you made it there and you're still making progress this too shall pass! One thing that has been helping me is focusing on my thoughts. At the end of the day my thoughts were what kept me on a negative level and kept me in the ciclical world of self deprivation / despair / the void. When it comes down to it your brain becomes accustomed to certain thoughts forms and habits; and it will do whatever it can to stay in those trends since those thoughts and feelings are what you are already used to. It's almost like a subconcious level of your brain trying to keep you safe by sticking to your current habits and ideas rather than risking new and possibly scary experiences. What I've been working on is training my brain to operate almost like a computer where I can intercept negative thoughts or "programs" and then replace them with positive ones so I can effectively begin reprogramming / changing neuropathways in my brain. Everytime I have a thought that I perceive as negative I think to myself: "error thought" then proceed to immediately replace it with a positive thought. Thinking about tasty IPA's?? Error thought. Judging what other people are wearing?? Error thought. Worrying about the future / that girl I miss?? Error thought. Everytime I immediately replace the negative thought with a positive one I feel better instantly and I am able to focus on the present rather than worrying and finding myself in a dark cloud. I've been finding that after a while my brain is automatically going to the positive thoughts where the bad thoughts arent as much of an issue. Hope this helps bro just remember that you are loved! Don't sell yourself short 
I really really appreciate everyone's support. I cried again reading everyone's comments! ..I think what really scared me was losing my girlfriend. We have been together since February and she has been the best thing to ever happen to me. I never had a girlfriend and ever until her. She means the world to me. I was super drunk and puked and that's her trigger is puking. She was crying and was in a bad place but apparently I had no regards for her feelings and asked if she wanted to drink more and had cigarettes (she doesn't smoke so idk why I asked) then I just drove off to buy some and she got more mad at me. I don't blame her for being mad at me. I never wanted to put her in a bad situation because I love her so much yet I did...Thankfully she has been very supportive and understands I wasn't trying to hurt her. ..The new job went well I started working at a doggy daycare! After work I started puking uncontrollably. So I told my girlfriend I was puking (she was at work) and she felt uncomfortable just going back to her place because I was puking! I decided to just head home because I don't want to make her uncomfortable and trigger her if I do puke again...I just wish I could reverse time and stop myself from drinking but alas that's not possible. I need to be present and move forward and work towards my sobriety!!!..Also are there any sobriety workbooks I could check out or does anyone have any recommendations?
