-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o6ksv/in_shock_that_i_ended_tonight_sober/

I went to a wedding today and there was an open bar. I've been sober for just over 4 months and this is the first time I've been around alcohol. I've only hung out with people and been in places where alcohol isn't going to be and purposefully so. Because of that sobriety so far has been a breeze. I don't have to fight temptation when there is nothing around to tempt me!..However I didn't know many people at this wedding. I seriously almost got a drink so many times. You know how relapse always starts in your head? I was basically gearing up to relapse from the second I got there. I wanted to drink SO FUCKING BAD. I truly did not think I'd end the night sober. ...Thankfully because I have not been in the habit of drinking my ID was in my car (I'm only 24 so I usually get carded) and I knew if I walked all the way out there to get it I'd realize how dumb of a decision it was by the time I got it. ....I re-downloaded the reddit app just to scroll through this sub to distract me and remind me of why I made this choice. ....I also thought of the countless drinking dreams I have had these past months. In every single one I regretted drinking. Waking up sober is so relieving. So thankfully I didn't have to imagine how it would feel to break sobriety - I've already experienced it in real life and hundreds of times in my dreams so I know how it feels. It sucks. ....Somehow I made it. I had 3 pieces of cake and a shitload of coffee and juice and soda but I made it. And that is worth absolutely everything. Today was so fucking hard but I DID THE DAMN THING and I still can't believe it. I'm so proud of myself. Thank you guys for being here. I am so grateful I don't have to reset my badge today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!! That's power and determination impressive. IWNDWYT 
Great job!!!!
     
Good job fighting those cravings and thanks for sharing your story! The best rewards in life are the ones we really have to fight for but I bet you feel awesome for it now : ). IWNDWYT
Non drinking victory!  I am doing an early morning happy dance with my coffee for you.  Enjoy the rest of your weekend now   way to go :\)
I'm so proud of you! Bravo!
