-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8od37i/whats_lower_than_rock_bottom/

Struggled with alcohol for about 8 years. Quiting off on on whenever it started effecting my relationship (of 12 years as of February) my drinking really got out of control when my son died 6 years ago. I just snapped and chose to find comfort in a bottle rather then being there for my fiancee. My pent up anger mixed with sadness only grew as i started to realize i had a problem. Started just drinking weekends turned to after work turned to daily turned to  gotta get a bottle . Cheap vodka was my go to burnett's to be exact hell $3.80 for a pint i can deal with that. Went from a half pint a day to a pint to 2... i'd come home lash out at my fiancee even at my daughter sometimes (never violence just words... sometimes they hurt the most) after my fiancee threatened to leave i knew i had to quit (that was a year ago) i quit for abit then thought i could control it... i was wrong back at it again then she said her or the alcohol one more time so i quit (new years resolution) i drank 2 times since january first. Once when i went out of state to visit an old friend (drinking buddy ofcourse) and second was last month.. i got a dui blew a fuckin .2... that was when i lost my fiancee's trust. Fast forward to lastnight almost an exact year from when she left for our  break  i know this cus i missed fathers day with my daughter. I thought the dui was my rock bottom ya know? The thing that wakes you up.. no that day was lastnight when my fiancee of 12 years my children's mother the love of my life told me she has had enough. She has decided to leave me for good. This is lower than rock bottom. I hate myself for ruining my life and my family. So to the readers of this....IWNDWYT quit while ur ahead cus this heartbreak this lesson in life... i've survived many things but this idk what the outcome will be but god i wish it on no one...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this..I needed to read it after  moderating  this weekend and ruining my 48 day streak. 
Hang in there man.  If you really want this an are willing to commit to it all kinds of miracles can happen on the other side.
I can't imagine your pain. I think your experience truly highlights just how difficult and powerful addiction can be. My only suggestion would be to try your best to believe that someday you will gain control: just keep reaching out keep begging yourself to stop keep writing and talking and believing you deserve a better life. Someday some perfect combination of words will trigger something inside and bring you back. Sometimes our rock bottom has a rock bottom but please just keep holding on. Just don't give up.
IWNDWYT. AA is what saved my ass when I was faced with a similar situation. They taught me it wasn't my fault but it was my problem. 
thoughts are with you brother. I too lost a marriage to alcohol and many things in my life. ..Know that the initial break is the emotional tough part and she needs the strength in knowing how to deal with you. Though you're low she would be too. Use this time to heal and try and fix the small things like cutting out alcohol so you can think clearly through this separation phase. ..I won't drink with you tonight mate. We got ya! 
