-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ohb81/whoever_said_that_withdrawals_get_worse_with_each/

Well that was a deeply unpleasant night. Feverish sweating through multiple sets of pajamas dry heaving then somehow I got the chills so badly I couldn't stop shaking. I feel like I'm on the other side of it now but still feeling anxious and like I don't want to even have a glass of water. But I'm trying to force some down as I know I need it...If you're having a moment of weakness think about the strain of drying out. I wouldn't wish it on anyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are hanging in there! Withdrawals peak at 48-72 hours. There's no shame in checking in with your doctor. 
Yep they get worse alright...Perhaps you'll find this piece on [kindling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative hypnotic_withdrawal)) interesting :).
Yep. I can second that. It's keeping me sober because I never want to go through that again. 
Thank you for doing the field research for the rest of us!  Force that water down get some rest.
If you relapse again see a doctor when you quit. Withdrawal can cause seizures and even death. You may need to taper off or get some medicine to treat the symptoms.
Oh man this is my worst freaking nightmare. I have experienced mild withdrawal symptoms but the fact that they get worse scares the shit out of me. Thanks for the reminder \- I'm not drinking today.
They get worse.  Never thought I would end up in the emergency room because of a withdrawal seizure.  If that wasn't enough after that I went right back into a binge and another seizure and it was worse.  Almost broke my back.  All last month.  I have over a week sober.  On naltrexone now.  Cant ever go back.
They sure get worse no reason to investigate this matter further as far as I'm concerned. However thanks for sharing your experience a good reminder of one of the biggest reasons I desperately want to leave alcohol behind me. ..PS. Withdrawals is a serious matter please don't hesitate to contact a doctor if you are in doubt. 
Yikes. hang in there
Withdrawals are no joke. Im 27 and have experienced everything on the withdrawal list except the most severe (delerium tremens). ..I suggest doing a fair bit of research into what the withdrawal symptoms can look like. From mild to severe. Its a good reminder of why you chose to quit drinking in the first place. And i would never want you to experience the things i went through.
There's two things that stand out whenever I feel tempted to drink again. One is the terrible hangovers I was having that left me barely able to move or get up off the couch all day. The other was the withdrawals I went through when I started to dry out. I just don't want to ever go through either of those ever again. Now whenever I see beer sitting on a shelf or on a commercial all I see when I look at it is the awful debilitating pain of withdrawal capped up in a bottle rather than the happy carefree fun times it's purported to be.
Thank you for posting  I hope it gets better for you soon.   IWNDWYT 
Thank you for reminding me of that hell. Sending you some strong positive karma. As you know once you're on the other side it's so much better of a place to be all the way around. 
Fear of the Kindling Effect keeps me on the path for sure. Glad you're back.
Wow excellent will power! Hopefully that's the worse over.  Keep going xx
That's the brutal thing.  Once you've been there time and time again that fear will keep you doing ANYTHING to avoid it.  I'm done I ain't gonna feel that shit again.  IWNDWYT
I'm a reddit lurker and I just signed up so I could join. I'm still learning the rules. I'm here because I keep trying to sober up alone and failing. Your post resonated with me.
Oh man that was totally me a week ago. Try some peppermint tea to settle your stomach and nerves. Also try not to be so hard on yourself. ."Even the best fall down sometimes....even the wrong words seem to rhyme and out of the darkness of my mind...you somehow find that you and I collide...doo doo dah doo doo doo dah doo" - I cant remember the name of the guy who sings this.
Thank you for the reminder why I'm not drinking today. &lt;3
Yup... I'm on day 5 right now of my worst withdrawl ever. For the first time I had auditory hallucinations after a bout of insomnia and night sweats kept me up for days. 
Hang in there!  It sounds absolutely horrific!!
