-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ohr72/almost_had_a_shot_of_whiskey_yesterday_at_a_one/

Went to a one year olds birthday party on Sunday.  There was coolers of beer and water soft drinks...  i was doing great just drinking water.  Then the guys started playing corn hole.  The loosers were supposed take a huge shot of whiskey  I really tried to win but it wasn't gonna happen.  We lost and here comes the whiskey... I stood there looking at the bottle thoughts running through my head.  I thought i can do this shot and that will be it.  Then i thought oh I can go get some more booze on the way home and drink for the rest of the day and tomorrow.  Its a good excuse to relapse because it wasnt my fault. ..This was bad vary bad.  I recognized the voice in my head  I know this voice.  Fuck that voice.  .I slipped out of the crowd and when to a different part of the party and shortly thereafter I left with my sobriety intact.  Barely...I think if I actually got the drink in my hand i would have drank it.   Close call  I hope to learn from this situation and get out of dodge sooner.
----------immediate responses--------

It is ironic that the losers had to drink alcohol. 
That  little negotiator  voice trying to trick u and it is a tricky and  smooth talking SOB likes to fool us. ..Well done!!!! Proud of yah!!!! 
I can't believe there are so many opportunities to drink alcohol and I say this as somebody who's temporarily sober.
Good for you for being on top of it! You're the true winner!
At 40 days I would have probably caved well done for not doing so!..As time progresses though it becomes easier to say no and not have the internal bargain. I went to a charity ball a month or so ago. The host of the table I was on started a game whereby if another member of the party could get a peg on your clothing without you knowing you had to down a shot. I just calmly stated that I wouldn't be doing that as I don't drink. ..It took time for that level of confidence to build up though...
Whew. Nicely done!
