-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oj06h/feeling_good_time_to_drink/

Noticing a pattern in my relapses and I feel silly about it. When I don't drink for a while I start feeling good. My brain wants to reward this good feeling by drinking failing to realize not drinking led to feeling good in the first place. ..I didn't drink this weekend. I think I figured out why this Monday doesn't suck as much as my Mondays usually do! ..
----------immediate responses--------

So crazy isn't it? The "feelin' good" relapse is a real snake. We drink when we're happy when we're sad when we're celebrating when we're failing when we're socializing when we're lonely when we do anything really.
Don't feel silly about it at all.  It used to happen to me frequently.  Probably a lot of other people too.  ..Our brains in the beginning are still programmed to associate "good times" with alcohol.  That takes time to undo.  ..Another thing to consider is how alcohol becomes the "default choice" in life.   ..Great day at work?   Well I deserve a drink then!..Today was an awful day at work.  Well I deserve a drink then.  ..What a dull day at work today.  Well why not have a drink then.   .
I chuckled at this only because I know the feeling all too well. Even now feeling good tends to bring on more craving than feeling bad does. I know that if I drink while feeling bad I'll only feel worse. It's the times when you feel good and get the craving where you're rational brain is just sort of like "wtf are you thinking!?"..Good job not drinking this weekend! Enjoy those sober mornings and reinforce the concept that waking up sober and feeling good is a direct result of NOT drinking. 
Yep felt good yesterday house was cleaned frig was stocked meals prepped and then BAM I wanted to feel EVEN BETTER so I drank. Not feeling so grand today.
 That's the problem with drinking I thought as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen. ..Charles Bukowski
Been there many times. Easy way to get back into the rut. IWNDWYT!
You know what's funny? Alcohol for me was the answer to both good and bad feelings...* Feeling awesome about an accomplishment or milestone? Let's get a drink!.* Feeling awful about a bad decision or negative milestone? Man I need a drink!..Now I'm focused on just feeling those good or bad feelings and leaving it at that.  ...IWNDWYT!
I reckon you deserve a reward! Just not alcohol. Buy yourself flowers. Get a massage. .You got through the weekend. That's a huge achievement.
Same here. Once a week but I feel like crap the whole weekend. I hate it. I need to find another reward too. IWNDWYT 
