-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oj8u9/day_2_and_im_terrified/

Hi everyone. First time post and I know I haven't got very far but I wanted to say hello...I have drank more or less every day for about the last fifteen years. I have never had any big wake up calls where I thought "fuck what did I do last night" nor have I lost a job or destroyed a relationship as a direct result of my drinking.  Because of that I didn't think I had a problem. I just thought I was a guy who enjoyed a few beers to unwind at night. I often thought that I should skip my nightly beers or glass of wine for the sake of my health but I'd rationalise that only a couple wasn't a problem...The past two years of my life have been enormously difficult. I started a family with the woman I love but due to visa circumstances we've been unable to be together full time. We've been separated from each other by the Atlantic.Due to the stress of the situation I drank more and stronger booze. It became not unusual for me to finish a bottle of wine a night. Then stealth drinking became a thing over this period. I became so dependent and accustomed to drinking that when visiting friends or family for an evening that if after enjoying a social drink I felt I wasn't quite drunk enough I'd sneak swigs of spirits from bottles in I'd find in their drinks cupboards. I still didn't think I had a problem. I was coping with a hard period in my life...Sadly over the last few months the situation in my life has gotten worse. My wife decided she no longer wants to work towards being with me. I gave up on any pretence I had about not having a problem I simply didn't care about myself and I wanted to die. I got into the habit of drinking supermarket own brand spirits or whatever was cheapest and strongest. Alcohol was the only thing I thought that could stop the emotional pain. ..This weekend I decided that wasn't good enough. Not for my daughter ex wife or me. I don't know if booze played a part in things not working out for us. Perhaps if I didn't drink and was more focused on finding solutions then I would be with my family now perhaps not. I owe it to myself to dry to stay alive and not sink further into despair or self loathing. Things are going to be hard for me to come to terms with I know that. For many years I have battled depression and anxiety and I think that by trying to beat my alcoholism I will help find in myself the strength to deal with my emotional problems. ..As I said in the post titled I am scared. I'm scared of the feelings I have about everything not least struggling on with clarity of mind I am scared I will be unable to find the strength to stay focused. But I am here writing this with tears in my eyes because this is the first time I've openly admitted to anyone that I have a drinking problem. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. .I am sorry that you're going through a lot. ..We are all in this together - each at different stage but all have a similar beginning and eyes on the same hopeful ending. ..Good supportive people here. I will not drink with you today. x
It will be okay. You're got a home here. Just take care of yourself right now and you'll feel stronger soon. Hang out with us. There's also IRC chat you can check out on the sidebar. I won't drink with you today. &lt;3 
AA is the only thing that worked for me. It literally saved my life.  There are links on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit that describe what it is like to go to your first meeting. IWNDWYT 
I'm on day 2 also feeling terrified as well. Reading everyone's progress on here has inspired me though. Good luck I hope we both can get through it.
Thank you for sharing. We are here for you. I promise it does get better. 
I am very proud of you for sharing. This community is so supportive and has helped me immensely. Even if you don't post a lot just reading what others are going through can give you inspiration and also help you feel like you aren't alone. IWNDWYT
