-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ok00s/father_in_intermediate_icu_for_detox_seeking/

I promise there's a question at the end of this but first some backstory...On Friday morning I learned that my 59 year old father was 1) an alcoholic going on 15+ years 2) had voluntarily checked himself into rehab with the encouragement of my mother and 3) had done so because he and she realized it was apparent that he likely wouldn't be around for my wedding at the end of July if certain steps weren't taken...It's strange how I didn't realize the extent of his alcoholism if I even realized he was an alcoholic at all.  For the past few years he wore long sleeves to cover the severe bruises on his arms he had red lines on his face that kind of looked like bruises and recently I'd come home for family visits to find him with black eyes from falling.  He'd lost considerable weight to the point of looking gaunt and lacked the energy to leave the house...I knew something was wrong but I just thought he was old.  His demeanor was always pleasant though somewhat overly nostalgic or rambling.  He'd become a different person but still a loving and compassionate one...After spending Friday sleeping in the rehab facility he worsened and was more or less incoherent on Saturday.  Apparently he fell quite a few times so they had to send him to the hospital at 3am Sunday morning for care.  When I arrived Sunday afternoon he was shaking uncontrollably mumbling nonsense and constantly had his hands outstretched as if he was scrolling through his phone (his daily routine was to lie on the couch reading news on his phone).  He wasn't lucid enough to interact with his surroundings and he was extremely weak and frail.  He had a catheter and had lost control of seemingly all motor functions.  Though I "talked" to him for the better part of three hours I don't think he was lucid enough to know that anybody was in the room with him.  The nurse explained that between the DT and the lorazepam they had him on that he wouldn't really be "present" for a while...He was in terrible shape before he was admitted and his condition hasn't improved today so I'm worried.  ..For anybody who has been through this either themselves or through a loved one I have some questions regarding what comes next...1) Does he know that I'm there? Or will he not likely have memory of any of this? I ask because he'll have to go back to the treatment facility after the ICU and I want him to know that I'm proud of him but I'm not sure how to communicate that as communication isn't allowed while he's in treatment...2) I've never struggled with alcohol - I drink socially occasionally but have never felt the desire to drink otherwise.  How do I relate to him when he's out? How do I help him? It's hard for me to really understand what he's going through...3) What are the lasting effects I should be looking out for?..4) How do I help him from doing this again? I was naive enough to not see it this time and I don't want to be so naive going forward...I know this was a very long post but it's been an extremely bizarre couple of days for me.  Thank you for listening if you made it this far and thanks in advance for any help.
----------immediate responses--------

I have never been through what your dad is experiencing but I just wanted to say that my heart goes out to you. 
My father went into the ICU four times and passed away at 60 years old. Yes every time he was doing the same things you listed when he was jn the ICU took a while till the DT wore him coherent. I took care of him he was single and had no one to rely on to help. Between the third and final visit he was using a catheter at home. He died from ceriosis of the liver. They denied him a transplant because of his past visits and unwillingness to get help. Plus the list is very long with other kids and adults that need priority. Sobriety is the only way it is hard but the body is resilient and can not always but can repair itself. What ever happens going forward don't blame yourself. It is 2018 and I am still working on that. Take care of yourself and that all will turn out positive with your father.
There are two organizations AlAnon and Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA). I am thinking you might benefit from r/alanon. ACA is more for people that grew up in dysfunctional families. ..AlAnon is for friends and family members of alcoholics. 
I suggest alanon. My father in law went through what your Dad is going though. He went into detox in January.. and passed away this past November he couldn't give it up no matter how hard he tried.  This is not a reflection of you. Some people are better at hiding their addiction. I never saw my father in law with a drink in his hand over the 11 years I knew him. Maybe one at dinner but that's it. I never saw him fall over no DUI he kept it well hidden.  Some people will go at great lengths to keep their secrets.  I wish you the best and I hope that your father recovers.  My heart goes out to you. 
I did this. Don't get panicked by the fact that he's in the ICU some hospitals have the detox there because people need 24 hr observation. His falls and the the rambling are likely a result of the sedative like drugs they give people in detox. They give you their drugs both at request and on a schedule so you can relax and sleep in such a high stress and unfamiliar environment. This is key though he needs to prove to the doctors that he's consistently tapering down and eventually capable of not relying on he sedative. When he's sober he will remember everything. When he's under the influence of the sedative he will remember probably half maybe less. Still this is a good thing for your father. It's incredibly difficult and you should be proud that he's had the presence of mind to take this step. Many people don't they try to quit on their own and it feels insurmountable. I really hope this works for him. 
In the short term may I humbly suggest you write down your feelings. As this critical time passes it may help you to better communicate them later should you choose   I agree. Alanon did wonders for my husband and Alateen for my son to begin to understand my struggles. I appreciated hearing their   Feelings afterward. While actively using I did not really listen . Just a suggestion. 
Best of luck to you and yours.
