-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8op7pq/noone_said_you_have_to_be_a_teetotaller_and_other/

Was at the checkout in the local supermarket and being served by a friend who was also one of my drinking buddies - actually robably the most toxic of them. I mentioned I have this horrible cold at the moment and said it's kinda hard resisting the temptation to indulge in some warm toddys when they have Talisker still on sale [what was my absolute favourite single malt]..."Well nobody said you have to be a teetotaller all the time" she replied looking over at the Scotch...I sighed on the inside. That's the kind of not-helpful reply I didn't need to hear...I replied that I know no-one told me that but I think it easier to just stay stopped. .."I'm at just over five months now why mess with that if it's working for me?" I said...She just shrugged at me and I went on my way...Moral of the story for me - people are going to say dumb stuff. They are going to make unhelpful comments like "what about just one?" and "But it's your birthday!" and "but you deserve it" and "everyone deserves to relax - you work hard go for it"...There will be people who do not understand just how precious that little badge with its day week or month count is. People who don't recognise the combination of struggle triumph occasional boredom emotional tension mental gymnastics and sheer tenacity it represents...Most people around us do not see our struggle in its entirety they only see what's right in front of them and will interpret that through the lens of their own beliefs around alcohol and addiction and recovery...Truth is I don't need that "no-one" to tell me to be a teetotaller...I choose that today just like I did yesterday. I choose temperance sobriety an unmediated radical experience of reality with all its highs lows and damp tissues...Most likely I will choose that tomorrow too. And the Talisker will stay on their shelf not mine...Later tonight I will make a beautiful herb tea instead and climb into my lovely bed that is no longer a place of three a.m horrors and putrid booze sweats put my feet on the hot water bottle and read a bit of book before I say my prayers and look forward to a sober night's sleep and a hangover-free awakening...No-one told me I had to do THAT either :). 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh Whoopie. Thanks for writing this. I've had a day of thinking I'd like a bunch of people to take their unhelpful comments (not just about drinking) and shove them.... we are all in it together and as much as j agree about single malts.... well not today. And tomorrow's not really looking likely either. IWNDWYT
people who have never suffered through addiction will never understand just how painful it is to constantly have the will power to make a choice to not fall down that hole again. And how much your life can revolve around that issue. I think one of the greatest failing of modern culture and society is the lack of meditation and mental self awareness methods that are taught or promoted rather one only needs to watch almost any movie  where we are continuously shown that reaching for a bottle is the answer. When in truth it does not and will never solve any of those problems rather it makes them worse for so many people.
Tell you what I'll tell you to stay sober.  You can quote me next time you see the "doesn't get it" girl...Oh and by the way you are doing a great job.
This. This is the reason I come here. People always say  you don't have a problem  or  just moderate it's not that hard  and it drives me insane. Then I come here and get realigned again.  It's tough when other people pretend they could possibly understand the fucked up relationship I have with alcohol and make comments like everyone is wired the same. We have an understanding here in this group and I'm so thankful for all of you guys!
so beautifully put. so true. ..thank you for your post. congrats on your five months. ..i proudly choose not to drink with you today 
I understand. I honestly do. That girl likes to have drunk people around so she can feel better about herself.
Congratulations on 5 months of Freedom whoopie!!!!     .We're living the Dream!.IWNDWYT 
Being a recovering alcoholic is WAY different than being a teetotaler! You're a veteran. You've  been there done that  and have had the wisdom to realize you can transcend the need to drink an addictive poison to enjoy your life. IWNDWYT. 
Damn crab mentality they are always trying to pull you back down! You have the whole ocean to explore and they insist you stay trapped with em' in a bucket your free!  You just need to know your limit.  I do it's 0. Good job hitting 153 days friend keep exploring this vast ocean floor of freedom! You deserve it!
Congrats on five months!..I have someone like this in my life. Always telling me that I don't have a drinking problem...I get to decide that not anybody else.
This is such a beautiful sentiment about sobriety! ..Good for you :\) 
Recently told one of my heavy-drinking parents that I quit.  They said "never say never".  Gee thanks!..They are precisely the reason I quit.  I saw where my path was heading and I wanted to change it.  I don't want to be nearing 60 and binge drinking every weekend of my life still.
This post made me kind of sad.  ..I went to the Talisker distiller last year.
Thank you
YES YES YES YES YES!!!  I totally love this post.  I hope your cold gets better and you sleep well!!  
i've gotten that a lot from friends. "it doesn't have to be all or nothing" but something inside me tells me that it has to be for me. there's just no point to it anymore. i've been drunk hundreds of times.
Since I've been sober it's like I see the truth. A lot of society to me seems to be under alcohol's spell whether they have a problem or not. Its everywhere. Its accepted as normal. If you choose to not drink then you are a little off. I feel bad when I hear people say things like  I got totally wasted this weekend    .  How can someone be happy or proud of that? I mowed the lawn folded laundry played some COD and chilled with my wife. Sounds boring but feeling responsible and like an adult for the first time in my 32 years of life has been a gift that I will never give up for a life of drinking. 
Giving her the benefit of the doubt: She probably interpreted your comment as an indication that you were miserable being sober since you spoke longingly about Scotch. People who haven't experienced or don't understand addiction generally believe that abstaining from alcohol is drudgery and is an unnecessarily severe decision...But saying that it's hard to resist temptation is important   it's honest! And you should be commended for it. It's hard for me to resist the temptation of having a cold beer on a hot day. It isn't because I'm unhappy being sober but that's how people sometimes interpret it...Good for you for not letting it get to you and for moving on with your day. 
As with anything in life that one does to better themselves there will always be naysayers and detractors and in every situation you should thank them for their advice and then promptly ignore the shit out of said advice. 
I try not to take things personally as much as possible. I think those sorts of statements say more about their state of mind. I remember a comment from a woman who was a smoker commenting on my 10 years of stopping the smoke "i bet you start up again. You cant really quit" a person who also was thinking about quiting
