-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oq74q/my_reasons_to_stop_drinkinglooking_for_some/

I'm really fed up/upset with myself because I keep planning to stop drinking but I still drink anyways. I'll stop for a couple days and then start up again. I really want to stop for so many reasons but I keep failing myself and it's making me hate myself. I feel like a weakling because I've been struggling with this almost all year! I think I drink because I get stressed and really bored at night and like nothing much interests me but then when I drink I feel more interested to watch a show or pretty much do anything but then I usually take it too far and pass out and just go to bed. And the cycle repeats...Reasons I want to stop drinking:..-I want to sleep better and feel healthy and energized during the day. Less headaches and grogginess in the morning.-I usually drink in secret so I want to stop holding the secrets because it makes me feel sad and stressed out. Sometimes I lie to my family and tell them I didn't drink for example and that makes me feel like crap..-So I can finally lose weight improve my fitness and start looking better (less facial bloating better muscle tone less fat on body better skin etc.).- So I can be the best version of myself and feel good about my choices.-Hope to get off my anti-depressant and sleeping med.- I know I'll feel so much better not drinking because I've tried it before and I feel so much less depressed and I feel much better about myself..I could really use some support this morning because I drank too much last night and I'm upset with myself. I really want to quit but I'm finding it hard to find the willpower to do so. I'm in therapy for my issues and have been in the past which helps. I've also read books on quitting but those don't seem to help me (The Naked Mind). I like listening to podcasts too but those don't help much in terms of actually stopping.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Hey - It ain't easy. But it is very possible. The thing for me was/is.. That I want to quit MORE than I want to drink. This may sound strange but that's important difference. ..OK.. So when I want to drink or think of drinking. I use the Play the tape forward method. YOU HAVE all the words in you above post to re-read every day. Every night  THE REASONS you wrote are perfect to recite. Print it out and keep with you....Boredom... I get a movie from Netflix every night. I crawl in bed early as I can... I found that I can stay sober in bed. I've watched a lot of bad movies in the past few months...Hope this helps! IWNDWYT
Firstly don't beat yourself up.  We've all been there:  that cycle where we resolve not to drink end up drinking then feel guilty the following AM.  ..You mentioned "willpower."  Herein lies the rub regarding willpower.  It takes more than willpower to quit an addiction.  One of the characteristics specific to an addiction is compulsion to continue a behavior that we want (have the will) to stop.   ..The eureka moment for me was when I finally realized that I had a mental addiction to alcohol.  I kept thinking it was something I could control moderate etc.  ..Afterwards things got easier for me because the path forward was less murky.  I knew I had to stop.  I just didnt know "how".  I needed a how-to-break-an-addiction guide and that's what I got from SMART.  SMART told me everything I needed to know to break an addiction and between that program and this community I am very thankful.  ..SMART is certainly not the only path.  It's just the one that worked for me.  Perhaps consider a program like SMART (you can do it on your own) AA (has helped countless number of people) Refuge Recovery etc.   Programs arent the only way forward but they really can help tremendously because they can provide a formula.  
When I quit I did a couple things immediately.  I needed to schedule my evenings differently because that was my drinking time.  I started going to meetings a couple times a week.  Listening and sharing with others is very therapeutic for me just like this sub.  I started going to our local fitness center during the evening.  This helped me release my anxiety.  Later on I got involved with yoga.  It has really helped me mentally as well as physically.  Basically start building a recovery plan and schedule.  It's more than stopping drinking it's learning to live sober.  We are all here to support you you can do this!
For me it took a lot more than willpower...*Getting* sober and *staying* sober takes work but it's well worth it :)...Good on you for going to therapy great job! I enjoyed reading TNM and the podcasts too; however I needed additional support...I built (and continue to build) a sobriety toolbox. ..[Here's how many of us started to stop drinking.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)...If there's anything we can do to help let us know - that's what we're here for Chicka ;)..
Don't beat yourself up about it!..It often takes a few goes for sobriety to stick.....Addiction is not a matter of weakness or lack of willpower nor a moral failing or character flaw or anything of the sort and you're not alone in what you're experiencing.....The way to stop is just to... stop! Dodge just that *first* drink one day at a time no matter how much your brain tries to persuade you that '*Just One*' will be OK and '*this time it'll be different*' and '*you deserve it*' and all the usual nonsense.....Addiction also thrives on guilt shame and secrecy... have you considered opening up to your nearest and dearest about the fact that you're struggling and asked for their support?..It's quite normal for things to feel a bit flat and boring when you first stop as your brain has got used to having pleasure mediated by the drug... eventually it will recalibrate to what normal enjoyment feels like!..If whatever you have tried so far hasn't quite done the trick try something else and keep trying.....You can do it!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
Welcome. AA saved my ass. They have women's meetings and young people's meetings.  They taught me that I didn't have to face this alone. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
You're not alone in this cyclical frustration -  quitting an addictive drug in a culture that revolves around that drug is very difficult. You aren't failing yourself each time you drink you're competing against a very skillful and insightful opponent. Your opponent (the addicted brain) knows you better than you know yourself. I'm right there with you as I've been in a similar cycle for the past year. Get angry at the alcohol not angry at yourself. Keep trying and learn to use a new tool each day that you can apply in the struggle. The most important realization I had was: *you haven't committed to drinking until you swallow the drink*. Up until that moment you can still choose. There's a whole string of choices between the first decision to drink and actually drinking. Sometimes it only takes a split-second action to change that future. Like nicotine alcohol causes the issues we take it to solve. Unfortunately getting the emotional mind to absorb this fact is the hardest of things. Best of luck. I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
If you don't drink today you can be proud again and consider it a learning experience.
I completely understand you wanting to love yourself every day I am sober I love myself a little more but then I give in and feel like I am failure. Yesterday was my day one and I already feel better about myself this morning. I am glad you came and shared with us! IWNDWYT!
It's okay to fail because what truly matters is that you are trying to be sober which is a hard thing to do! ..On nights that I've craved a drink (or five) I come on here and read posts and sometimes join the IRC chat which helps remind me that drinking does not solve any of my problems but makes them worse. The community here GETS it and it's refreshing because I feel like a lot of people in my life are in denial about their alcohol consumption or simply do not understand why I've quit...One day at a time. Don't beat yourself up too much today is a new day.   ..
I strongly suggest looking at AA or other groups for support. My experience is with AA and it's been great. BTW I don't believe in God and no one in my group has ever bothered me or pressured me about it. This sub is great and I contribute to it a lot but I find having real people to talk to is even more powerful. ..As I've written try out a bunch of different groups if you can. I went to 20 before I finally settled on one as my 'home group'. These people will be your friends and confidantes for a long time possibly decades so find the right group make new friends and enjoy your new sober healthy and happy life!
Your list is a great one and though I did not make it on the other side of stopping it is exactly the list that now supports me as all come true.  just one is dramatic:  I ingested 750 - 1000 calories/day in alcohol. Just do the math at how quickly one can lose weight and burn fat just by stopping. Combine with exercise (just making walking 3-5 miles/day alone) and health changes rapidly.
You have full support from us! I feel like I could have written this literally word for word. I too am a 26 yr old single female struggling with a drinking problem and a lifetime of self-hatred...I hope there's comfort in knowing you're not alone! Although it may feel like it. I know there's comfort for me reading posts like these and remembering the world is bigger than my alcohol problem tricks me into thinking it is...You should also know how awesome it was for you to be so vulnerable in your post. Realness getting your problems out there without sugar-coating can be a domino effect for emotions of release and freedom...Offer yourself grace. We all make mistakes. You certainly aren't as bad as you think you are. No matter how deep you are in your issues there's always room for change and growth &lt;3
You sound like me! 26 yo here I have most of the same reasons for quitting as you. Currently back on day 2 again. IWNDWYT
