-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oupzu/summer_relapse_and_moderation_thoughts/

It seems like lately there have been a lot more posts about moderation and relapse of people who have significant time sober and I wonder if it has something to do with the advent of Summer (for us northern hemisphere folks).  I have definitely had thoughts of moderation lately because damn patio drinking and pool drinking looks like fun. Something about good warm weather that brings back those urges. I had plenty of times drinking on patios where I had fun and nothing bad happened but I also lost so many of those beautiful days being hungover and laying in bed all day. You have to take the good with the bad with sobriety and the good far outweighs the bad. The weather may have changed but my relationship with alcohol hasn't so I am going to enjoy a Sober Summer...#sobersummer    :P
----------immediate responses--------

I will enjoy a sober summer with you too!    
I noticed this trend as well. I am currently trying to moderate my drinking and have been for a few months now. For me I found it refreshing that people are talking openly about moderation as it's important for everyone to find the right solution for them and that isn't always complete abstinence. ..That being said many of us including myself still have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol. The beginning of summer is very tough for people with alcohol dependencies...I'm hoping that people stay on track with their goals despite all of the alcohol heavy events happening (bbq outdoor concerts sitting at the lake etc).
I'm a full time alcoholic I can't take the summer off. Even at this point I wouldn't choose moderation if I could. I enjoy the sober time but it can become inconvenient at times....that's just the way it is for me.
You can always drink ginger beer or mocktails on a patio or pool! I've always got a pitcher of iced tea or iced coffee in my fridge for this very purpose...About a month ago I got home from a long bike ride on a hot day and was craving the hell out of an ice cold beer. I substituted a fancy soda and felt just as much refreshment slaked my thirst and even did the thing where you put the cold bottle up to your forehead and sigh in relief. Ahhh...Best part? I didn't use the hot day or the exercise as justification for alcohol.
Super hot days make hangovers soooooo much worse. I won't be hiding from the sun in the AC this summer!
I have experienced this too. I am not going to drink because I can't drink just one. I know that. But something about reminiscing on bon fires and beer or fishing and beer is a little fonder than the winter nights in front of the TV. It isn't hard to remember all of the nights I went overboard which were more often than not but I have to think about them. They are not the thoughts that pop into my head the way the fonder memories do. I guess that's the alcoholic brain but I am one step ahead. I will not drink with you today
Completely agree with you. So hard to say no to an ice cold beer on a patio.   but our conversations on that patio will be so much more engaging sober and we will fully remember that day with whoever we are with and that to me is getting me through! We surely wouldn't get any thing positive out of our buzz that we end up just chasing all day. Am I right? 
I've run the moderation experiment many many (many) times with a 100% failure rate..
this is me right now. ..went to a music festival after like four months sober (still have to reset my badge) and stupidly decided to throw caution to the wind for the weekend. came home like 5 days ago and i haven't gone back to sobriety yet. but i must say: i've been drunk and i've been sober and sober is so much better. i know that's a cliche but it's so true. so i'm not going to let booze steal my summer from me! yeah a cold beer feels good on a hot day but that cold beer never shows up to a party alone and before you know it you're hungover as fuck on a hot day and there's nothing more miserable. miss me with that.  
I'm 5 days sober with 1 sober beach trip (with others drinking) under my belt so far. I have my work cut out for me it seems.
I totally agree with summer drinking. Not because I want to sit on the patio but because where I live it get crazy hot and we have mosquitoes you basically can't leave your house- and I have two toddlers. So I'm stuck inside all day (I work an educator's schedule) and get stir crazy and just want to drink. This summer I'm really going to have to create some indoor hobbies. 
I dunno if this is covered in an FAQ or anything somewhere but how does this sub feel about kratom kava or cannabis where its legal? I feel like they could easily replace alcohol for any of these social events but also totally understand if there's a desire to stay away from all consciousness altering substances prevalent in this sub's primary to stop drinking. 
I agree 100%. Summer has its own urges but nothing feels quite as good as waking up on a Saturday or Sunday morning feeling refreshed in the summer with no hangover. 
