-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p0o4m/i_wont_say_it_just_gets_better_but/

hey guys i just wanted to say something from my perspective: i haven't had a drop of alcohol in 2 Years and believe it or not: my life is still my life... i still have lots of problems i'm dealing with real or imagined. i still struggle with the day\-to\-day. i still have stupid bills to pay. ..i still feel alone and sad. i still feel defeated and abandoned. it all goes on and on and on. ..and yet yeah i still wouldn't want a drink right now. i'd rather just *try* and deal with all this sober... if anything i feel like a worm trudging through a shit ton of mud but at least i'm *trudging* now instead of just drowning. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think this is a very important message. Taking alcohol out of our lives doesn't make everything perfect and our problems are still there. Like you said we trudge through them. I still have stressors and anxiety in my life but I feel more equipped to deal with them instead of drinking to make them disappear for a few hours. It's important to know that sobriety won't fix everything but it will make problems seem more manageable...Thanks for sharing!
Thank you for sharing and I see your point.  Getting and staying sober isn't a magic solution to all of our problems but I think it will keep me from adding more problems to troubled times.  IWNDWYT!
Thank you. I'm hoping that it would be easier in the future. Not perfect but easier....It's gotta be. Right?
Thanks for sharing very true
I agree with you on this one completely...I have the exact same problems but a whole new set of "sober tools" to deal with them. Trying to solve that leaky problem in life while drunk is like being equipped with just duct tape. You are going to repeat the same mistake time and time again because you only have 1 solution.
Not sure who said it but there's a quote I like "There is no problem that a stiff drink wont make worse".
You are so right. Anyone who says sobrierity solved all their problems are delusional. I live a great sober life but I have many of the same problems I had when I was a drunk but now I'm better equipped to handle and improve my issues. Having a clear head makes a big difference. When drunk I was constantly saying fuck it to my problems now I'm taking action. Life gets better but for most it won't happen overnight especially if theres lots of wreckage to clean up....just saying.
I'm going to save your post. I'm not sober but I want to be. Yesterday my daughter was bit by a dog i walk 3 times a week. She is not in school or daycare since i quit my job so she has (had- I quit the gig when this happened)  to go with me. I had made a real effort to actually not drink yesterday but that event stressed me out so bad that I didn't even hesitate. Ugh. Thanks for sharing. 
Needed to read this right now. Thank you. 
&gt;but at least i'm trudging now instead of just drowning..I needed this today. THANK YOU and congrats on 2 years. 
Thank you for sharing this. I'm coming up on a year and I still struggle in so many ways. People always say things like  oh once you get past 90 days... once you get past 6 months... it's all better . But it's still life and it's hard sometimes. Thanks for being real
At least it's good to feel physically healthy while dealing with all the challenges life throws at a person :-) IWNDWYT.
Trudge on! IWNDWYT 
Hello SD.Lots of comments about how life's problems are still right there after quitting drinking but are easier or better to deal with when sober than when drunk/hungover/fuzzy/muddled or ill. .All true. .BUT the prize in the crackerjack box for me is that I am happier..It's a stone cold true solid fact that I am happier without alcohol. .I try to take a few quiet minutes alone each morning to remember to try to be pleasant cheerful forthright and honest with people I'll meet during the coming day. And to be grateful for the good things in my life. And I am no doubt happier now than I was when I was drinking..IWNDWYT
I'm learning how to respond to problems from a logical rather than an emotional place. I believe one can get comfortable knowing that not having that drink is one less problem to deal with. IWNDWYT 
Many of the same problems remain but you are much better able to deal with them while not under the influence at least in my short experience.
