-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p4r5g/really_struggling_just_need_to_vent_to_you_fine/

I'm really struggling and I just don't know who to share this with other than this wonderful little internet haven of support.  I feel like my job is the root of my problems but it's probably something deeper that I just don't know how to put into words.  I make good money and I like how flexible and relaxed my work is   yet I hate coming to work.  I don't really feel any connections to anyone I work with I spend all day in an ugly office with a tiny window in front of a computer doing meaningless computer automated design work.  I've been here 10 years and it's a very niche stuff so I feel quite trapped in terms of finding other employment.  I basically force myself to get through the day one day at a time and I feel drained at the end of the day even though it's not that taxing.  It's this odd position to be in because I know that I have it good   so many people have it worse than me and would tell me to be thankful for what I have my rational side is always trying to say  Why complain you have it great!  But none of that rational logical justification does anything to stop the fact that I wake up dreading work and I feel like my life-force is being bled out... ..When I quit drinking I did improve in my work at first in terms of quality output and I definitely have not called in sick as often as before.  But I think drinking was allowing me to forget about the meaninglessness of it all.  Now that I've removed that crutch my work has arguably become worse simply because my mind and body want to be elsewhere so bad all day   and here's the kicker   I don't really know what I want to be doing!  I've just never really had a  passion  or dream career like so many seem to have... ..Even though I have multiple college degrees have generally always been complimented and given raises at work in these 10 years here I still I feel dumb I feel uninspired I feel like a novice at everything and unable to ever get good at anything.  I feel like a fraud.  I feel trapped   I've got a family and mortgage to maintain can't just walk away.  Is this all there is to life?  Just keep forcing myself to get through the day mow the lawn again fix broken shit so that I can just fix it again later when it breaks again... .. suck it up stop complaining!  just isn't working anymore... ..Maybe this is just that whole  mid-life crisis thing  Maybe it's just existential angst... ..I just don't know what to do but it feels like somewhere in me a sort of pressure is building and something's just going to give at some point.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there I went hrough a similar experience. I absolutely hated my job was overqualified and I was a drunk at the same time. What made it worse I was hungover most mornings so my 9 hour shift felt like 12 hours....what punishment that was. What I chose to do was change jobs in a totally new career and at the same time I began AA. 3.5 years later I'm still sober and in the same industry as my new career. Works not perfect but it doable but most other aspects of my life are pretty good. Hang in there you'll get it figured out. IWNDWYT.
I have felt this way. I started looking for other opportunities. It can't hurt to look right?  I got some interviews and that alone really improved my thinking that I was trapped. I figured if I'm trapped there wouldn't even be things to apply to let alone get interviews for. Then finally something hit and I moved on. It was a great change and I was glad I started looking in the first place. 
Therapy helped me when I was in a similar "state".
[removed]
Sounds to me like you could use a change and at the same time there's a lot of reasons not to change...I totally know what you mean about "Is this all there is?" I've been working and changing a lot lately in response to this question. I've been going through my life and asking myself what's working and what's not what's important and what's not. I've made some changes and it has been hard. Like hard hard. But way better in the end even with the difficulties.
Have you thought about what aspects you would want to change the most? Do you enjoy novelty and complexity that you just no longer see in your role or is it about lack of pace lack of challenge lack of meaningful people connections or an unclear path forward career\-wise? If you have this capacity and mental energy you don't feel like you're using it can be a painful place to be and seems worthwhile to dig deeper not ignore this feeling. 
