-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p68c2/ctrlaltdel_time_to_reboot_again/

I did great for eight weeks from the day after St. Patrick's day until Mother's day. Then I figured what the heck I've been good. I deserve a nice glass of wine if nothing else on the one day a year when my offspring are supposed to appreciate their giver of life. Honestly I've been stuck in a funk since then but pretty much just limiting my drinking to once or twice a week instead of EOD. Just so many reasons but it pretty much boils down to the fact that I don't like my life. Nothing turned out the way I planned it. I'm still living paycheck to paycheck struggling to get by. Only now I have no friends IRL I barely leave the house any more the kids are grown and pretty much gone the extended family doesn't care about us except for on holidays when we HAVE to make an appearance with food and gifts; and without drinking I don't have much in common with my spouse any more either. My doctor thinks I'm a hypochondriac since my left\-sided pain was not pancreatitis and I'm "too young" to have the other health issues I mentioned to him. My blood tests were normal and improved over last year and my weight was down 10 pounds. Surprising but the two months of sobriety must have been the only reason. I seriously cannot feel my feet all numb and tingly. I suspect alcoholic peripheral neuropathy but he didn't think that's it. Told me moderate drinking actually had health benefits too. Quitting drinking eating healthier and exercise didn't seem like it was helping much with my health issues. The better moods and higher energy have disappeared so has the improved sleep because I'm so stressed out lately...And that doesn't even begin to address all the self\-loathing and anger at myself for not doing more with my life not making "enough" money to survive not having a decent job not following my dreams/goals in life. I'm stuck in a job I don't like. College was a waste of time and money; I would have been better off never going. Got my 30\-year high school reunion this summer and I don't even want to go. I wasn't even really a part of high school just went there to get done. Nobody's contacted me in the 30 years since then to see how I'm doing so to heck with them. I just feel as if I have no control over anything in my life. My sleep's been sucking. I can't keep up with the housework getting rid of junk and renovation projects. Even being self\-employed I still have deadlines and can't take a day off when I want. I have so many people badgering me to do stuff for them that I feel like disconnecting my phones and camping out in a tent in the backyard. I can see why people have mid\-life crises or breakdowns or just want to disappear from their lives. That's how I feel. And so I drink so I can forget about all the stuff that's bothering me. I don't want to go back to being that drunk overweight miserable person. But what if that's who I really am? It's been two days since my last drink. I don't know if I can promise I won't drink until I feel better about myself and I don't know how.
----------immediate responses--------

You got this! 
&gt; I don't know if I can promise I won't drink until I feel better about myself and I don't know how...It's a paradox. I can tell you that actually doing it not drinking has been a huge source of feeing better about myself. It's not just the "my life is so aweseome now" thing. It's the way it's better. I'm able to cope in new ways. Anxiety is much lower. Bad days still happen and things are hard and the emotions are raw and real when I don't drown them with booze and it's still way better. Hard stuff is still hard but it's manageable and I like everything way better...One day at a time.
When I'm having a particularly rough day I just tell myself that I'm going to make it through the night without a drink. I'm pulling for you and I think you can do it...I understand being disappointed but try and remember that alcohol doesn't help...Good luck.
I think it's brave you are willing to confront this stuff though most people just do the bs "everything is great! I'm great!" 
Reading this made me feel like someone was reading into my own mind and using my thoughts to write this. I'm sorry. I feel very much the same.!perhaps it  is some sort of mid life crisis. I still have three fairly young children but I constantly fell like I'm being pulled in directions and not  appreciated. I constantly feel like a failure and a disappointment. I wonder if my friends really are my friends. I have a fake front so everyone thinks I'm fine but I'm not. I use drinking as an escape but I know it not! It is a control. It's controlling me. I feel for you! Please know you  aren't alone.  
I remind myself that "Not drinking" won't make me happier healthier or improve my life at all.  All "Not drinking" does for me is giving me a chance to find my way out of this deep hole I've dug over decades of drinking.  "If you find yourself in a hole step one is to stop digging".   For me that meant stop drinking...Yep once you stop digging you realize that you're still in a hole and have to claw your way out...It's hard.  But if you want a different life you've got to be a different person.  And usually it takes a long time for that change to be felt...I will not drink with you today...I also believe that the sober you can find your way.
[removed]
Oh how can I relate to your story! Glass of wine will solve my problems bottle of wine is going to make everything disappear. I can escond myself in this wonderful bubble of nothingness. I can feel good about myself. Funny thing tho. Whenever I'm not drinking I like myself so much better. ...Give yourself some time. Allow yourself to grieve. We can't change the past but we can change today.  ... After almost a decade of drinking my hands and feet were getting numb. Especially at night. I came clean with my doctor and she told me to start taking supplements ASAP. ...I can't say that I stopped drinking after my first confession but B-compex Magnesium Zinc fish oil and some other stuff she recommended helped me revers the the numbness. ...Be good to yourself you only have one you.
Ugh I've got left sided abdominal pain too that I assume is pancreatitis but all doctors just laugh and tell me I'm fine. So frustrating!
