-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p6tzr/how_i_almost_relapsed/

Still having a hard time even using the word relapse. It makes me feel as if I am a person who is fragile insecure and not stable...I am writing this because I believe it is important not only for my own recovery but to help those that have felt the same feelings. This is the break down of a near relapse that happened today...I have two weeks off of work and have been so far setting myself up for success with activities that lead to a positive outcome. Today I took a run through along a city trail and made plans to meet a friend to swim at a natural spring. For me a perfect day and a true representation of how I see my recovery as a whole: physical upkeep building relationships with my friends and self love. ..After swimming we decided to go to a restaurant that was also a wine bar. Reason? I had a gift card and decided I would use it solely for food purposes. Red flag #1. Red flag #2 was the discussion my friend and I had about my sobriety at the pool. Would I live like this forever? Did I want to be a person that NEVER drank? Was total abstinence potentially setting me up for failure?..I left the pool feeling conflicted. Would I drink at the restaurant? I fixated on having JUST ONE. Even just a sample. I just wanted to partake I wanted to TRY some. *Why??* ..My friend wouldn't stop me. Hell no one would stop me. But what did it say in the grand scheme of things? I quickly began to run through my inventory of things that made it matter at all. Of course these points had to make it through all of the  buts  my addicted brain threw down. ..Your partner will be disappointed. *He doesn't even have to know that I drank. I could lie*..He will find out. I can't lie to him. *Is your sobriety about him or you? You don't care.*..I do care I have had such success. I really don't want to throw that down the drain. *So you're just going to continue on with this forever? For a number? That seems silly.*..If not that then for what? It's all I have. That little bit of success. And I'm not ready to let it go.....All of this back and forth and I finally arrive at the restaurant. Okay time for action. There's intention but then there's action. What will it be? ..I survived. And I can't really say how. I guess in some way I beat that little voice in my head. At what point in that inner dialogue I'm not sure. But I did. If I could boil it down to anything I'd say that I tried to slow down time. Take one thought at a time. Keep saying no or putting off a decision at all until the feeling passed. Maybe I shouldn't have even gone to the restaurant (notes for next time) but I'm sort of glad I did. If anything it showed me how fragile sobriety can actually be. Never give yourself too much credit but always believe in your ability to make good FUTURE choices. ..Fighting to understand my thought process. Thanks for listening and good luck out there &lt;3.. keexity
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for flexing those sober muscles!!     
Good for you! I know that I'll find myself in similar situations as time goes on thank you for the future inspiration! 
I had some thoughts with a friend last night. I wanted wings the place she knew was a noisy neighborhood bar. People were drunk singing 80s pop songs. I wanted a beer. ..For about 5 seconds I wanted it. But I let the craving wash over me. I acknowledged putting myself in a precarious situation. Then I was fine. Places are huge triggers for me. I thought I was past the bar thing but I gotta stay out of bars right now. ...Side note....I saw the same 5 people going back and forth to the bathroom the whole night and remembered all those times drinking = a date with a bathroom every 5 minutes. Gross. ..Thanks for your post I almost forgot about this lesson. 
That's so reassuring. You're an inspiration! Thank you. 
That was intense... Well done!
Wow. You did it!  That must have been so hard but I bet you don't regret not drinking. Your sober muscles are getting stronger!  IWNDWYT 
Well done for sticking with your sobriety. It sounds like a difficult situation.
Great victory! Stay strong!! Peace
Thanks for your wonderful post. I'm really tired today and feeling washed out. But it's much better than being a drunk or being hungover. Let's keep sober together today
THANK YOU for sharing your experience with us especially us new to this journey. It just reassures me that there might come days that are more difficult than others situations more difficult but I can always make the right decision and feel good about it!
You mention never drinking again ever. That is a truly terrifying thought at least for me. What really helps me and it's super cliche I know but it works. Take this one day at a time. You only have to stay sober today that's it. Iwndwyt! 
One win at a time = a life well lived. Good job!
