-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p738z/caffeine_and_judgy_people/

I'm trying to be very honest about my struggles with alcohol and my sobriety with people in my life including my coworkers. I feel that if I hadn't had a certain idea of what an alcoholic looks like I would have been more likely to identify as one and break free sooner. I feel the only way to change that is to be honest about what an alcoholic can look like by being honest about my struggles. This means opening myself up to judgement and criticism which I know is part of the deal and I handle it well. I'm just tired of people judging me to my face about addiction while on their 8th cup of coffee. But they could never become an alcoholic because they dont get addicted to things right? I'm 95% caffeine free due to a heart issue so the prevelance and acceptance of the "OMG I NEED CAFFEINE TO LIVE" mentality always sticks out to me. I'm sure there are tons of people here who love it and that's fine. But if you need a stimulant to get to through your day I don't think you get to pretend you could never be in my place. That you would never get addicted to something that isn't good for you. Because you would know its bad for you and stop before you're an addict right? As your tell me you got headaches for 2 days when you didn't have coffee due to being ill.  Thanks for letting me vent sorry if I offended any of the coffee lovers out there!
----------immediate responses--------

Good points here
I agree with you. Caffeine can cause heart damage and alcohol can cause liver damage. Both addictions for sure but aside from the physical damages of both alcohol abuse impairs judgement which can be dangerous to self and others.
I just got back from visiting family in California. It was a super weird trip because I don't really like my family all the time and can't stand that my parents are 2-3 pack a day smokers. ..You know what though I was miserable before the trip. Alcohol has taken out a big chuck of my life in the last 8 years. I started smoking 8 years ago along with coffee and alcohol I've just always been a mess. ..After spending 4 days with my family and not drinking smoking or consuming much coffee on the trip....I'm super fucking happy to be back home and haven't had a drink in a week nor a cigarette in 2 weeks. 1 morning cup of coffee is all I allow my self too.  My mind is clear and I'm finally ready to get this no drinking thing down. ..Weird how realizing that being around family I'm unhappy with is better than living with alcohol and an terrible lifestyle. ..GOOD LUCK to you!
Oh yeah my roommate had to stop drinking coffee because she became addicted to it drinking it all day every day to keep awake and get work done. So she relates a LOT to my alcohol struggle and we both get the "social acceptable to most but not for me!"..(thankfully coffee and i are still good friends &lt;3)
 coffee is supposedly good for your liver so I'm loading up
