-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p8je8/i_hope_this_is_the_bottom/

I had 5 years and then have been in a relapse for a little over a  year drinking large amounts daily. I occasionally go to AA and have been going to a substance abuse counselor but couldn't put more than 2 weeks together at most. I crashed my car last week no dui thank God but there could've been. I thought that was a huge wake up call for me and that would be motivation enough because it was such a close call and I am risking my career doing these reckless things. Well I drank again after a frustrating day and I was arrested (not related to driving) and sent to jail for 2 nights. It was the most horrific thing I've ever experienced. My family and partner are extremely hurt by everything I've done. I am so overwhelmed by the chaos I've created that I almost feel numb. When I read this I'm shocked that this could even be my story. I have been sober for 4 days. I'm so depressed over these things and what the future holds as far as courts are concerned. I can't live like this anymore. I guess it's true that drinking will lead to jails institutions or death...I've got the first two covered. I need this to be the bottom! 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Maple happy you're here :)...May I ask did something trigger you after 5 years? That's an impressive amount of time and please know that I applaud you for that :)...You've done this before you're doing the right thing by reaching out and you can do it again...&gt;I occasionally go to AA and have been going to a substance abuse counselor..Hmmm...any way you can increase the frequency here? Sounds like a great plan!..I'm glad that you weren't hurt in the accident and I'm sorry that you were arrested but as you say - you're sober 4 Days right now - you're *doing it* taking action to get and stay sober again...Hang in there and please keep posting I'd love to hear how you're progressing! :).
Glad you're here and sad to hear about your situation...&gt;I hope this is the bottom.. Hope  has never been a good improvement plan for me.   Action  always serves me better...I learned one incontrovertible truth:  Unless I take purposeful action *it can* **always** *get worse.*..I find support at meetings!
Hey Maple!..You are in good company. There are many people who have been where you have been -- looking around wondering how the hell they got here? While my story does not involve jail time I absolutely remember waking up wondering how the hell I had destroyed my life so badly and gotten here? We all made mistakes in our past. You are ok. You are still loved and valued. What matters now is what you DO with this information. Make this your bottom. What can you differently/what actions can you take moving forward to keep you on the path to sobriety?
AA taught me I could choose my bottom but I needed to stop digging. Sitting in meetings and listening was the only way I could get sober. I never could have done it on my own. IWNDWYT 
It can be your bottom if you stay away from the heavy equipment rentals place on route 94  \- you are beyond shovel.   
It's only your bottom when you are ready to quit digging the whole. Is this enough for you? I can relate. I've crashed two cars ended up in the looney bin severely broke my arm falling down a big flight of stairs. Had to have surgery. ...I can say I haven't picked up the shovel in 2018. 
