-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p8prp/new_and_struggling/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;How far away from this can one get if they never drink again? ..I got 18 months so some time under my belt but not much. The fog has cleared but I am still diligent about my recovery. I know that I cannot do this alone so I continue to take the action I need to keep myself sane. For me that means going to AA meetings talking to my sponsor praying meditating and talking to other alcoholics here and in person...&gt;Any suggestions on reading material?..I've heard good things about "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. I have been meaning to read it myself but just haven't gotten around to it!
Welcome aboard!..Re: reading material suggestions check out the list of [Quit Lit](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) from the sidebar.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....For tools and coping mechanisms you might look into SMART Recovery or AA and/or find a therapist you can talk to about whatever underlying issues brought you to drink and drugs in the first place!..It's also a good idea to see a doctor for a general checkup to see how your health is doing... I'd mention that you're feeling manic but it might be hard to tell at this early stage of sobriety what your actual baseline is... early sobriety is an emotional rollercoaster at the best of times!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted?..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you kind humans I am going to check out the suggested materials and do it today. Seeing how long you have made it gives me hope. I will not drink with either of you today! 
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs and two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. AA saved my ass. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
I suppose my drinking kind of evolved.. my first few years I could take it or leave it but I was able to drink ridiculous amounts and not experience feeling very drunk or ever get hungover.  I think I was around 23 or 24 when I blacked out from drinking the first time.  I've had dry periods over the years and feel deep into alcoholism for the last few years after a family disaster..  but bro I am 40 now and wish I had it up for good earlier on.  ..I can't even begin to describe how differently I am reacting to being sober by this point.  The amount I'm enjoying it is just off the charts.. and I do believe the one difference in my experience this time around has been the concept of  forever'.  ..Sobriety rocks and I think you and I are lucky to have started drinking outside of our teens so we have emotional memories of how good sober feels which we can use as a kind of guide to gauge our state by.  The longer I go the closer I get to my past sense of awareness my past levels of energy and such.. only stronger wiser and less likely to fall for the same bs that coaxed me off a good trajectory in the first place.  We still have time to kick some ass!  
