-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pb2qa/going_easy_on_myself_this_time/

I have posted in the past about wanting perfection as soon I decided to get sober and guess what I relapsed. Shocker. This time I am being nicer to myself. I am choosing sleep over a super early workout (which I found I am able to fit in later) eating some chocolate when I want it not being too hard on myself overall and just *enjoying* my day rather than being scared of it even the stressful parts. I used to think drinking was a way to reward myself but damn I was only harming myself adding to my anxiety and becoming fat all at the same time! It feels good to actually care about myself!!!! IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I'm glad you're back and being nicer to yourself. You're undertaking something truly challenging. I share that impulse to just FIX ALL THE THINGS but it's not realistic and it really ends up feeling almost like sabotage/setting myself up for failure so I have an excuse to drink. If you don't drink today you will be doing great and accomplishing something great. There will be more time down the road to accomplish more things but there is absolutely nothing wrong with recovering and building up your reserves first.  I will not drink with you today!
I will not drink with you today!
  IWNDWYT 
Good for you.  I think its smart to take time to adjust and this usually works well with slowing things down for a little while.  No need to be overloaded when you have one big goal the goal of not drinking.  When things start to feel better and you have some solid sober time under belt that's when I recommend adding some new habits into your life.  Anyway good luck and enjoy your new way of life.  It only gets better and better.
Welcome back!
Good plan.  Similar issues here and your thoughts seem right on point.  I will not drink with you today.
Being kind to myself is the hardest but the most important and most rewarding skill I have learned these past 45 days...While it doesn't make all the problems go away it definitely makes dealing with everything day by day easier...I'm glad you're back. We're here for you. IWNDWYT.
Welcome back! I'm a big proponent of not taking on too much change early in sobriety. For me deciding to get sober staying sober and learning to be sober was a big Fn deal and a lot to take on at once. That said I went to bed early a lot the first 2 months I didn't focus on introducing a bunch of new changes like giving up caffeine or starting a serious diet or exercise program. Wasn't until about 90 days that I started with an exercise routine and am now thinking about some job related course work. Mentally then and now I am still trying to not be too hard or critical of myself. I'm nearing 4 months of sobriety and I am self aware that this is a big deal for me and my life. Be easy and kind to yourself; a sober life takes time and hard work for people like us. ..IWNDWYT 
