-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pbkch/depression_paws_or_adhd_add/

Depression + Anxiety Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS) or ADHD (ADD)???..I've been struggling with cognitive deficits for over a year now.  I drank heavily for 15 years and stopped just before my 35th birthday.  I stopped drinking because: I knew I had a serious problem it caused me to develop terrible anxiety my short-term memory was getting pretty bad and I could no longer enjoy the feeling of being intoxicated.  During the last couple of years I would lose the ability to speak while intoxicated not because of social anxiety but it seemed like I physically couldn't force myself to say complete sentences.  By the end of my drinking career I would feel fuzzy (in a bad way) after 2-3 drinks and go almost completely mute. ..About two months after my birthday I started experiencing serious cognitive issues: my short-term memory was shot I would feel spaced out almost 24/7 (kind of like being drunk or high) including several instances of derealization or depersonalization I had difficulty having conversations with people (including those closest to me) I had trouble reading my overall ability to concentrate was shot and I had extreme fatigue.  I also started feeling really unsafe driving because of the constant spaced-out feeling.  I ended up going on extended medical leave from work (which turned into long-term disability).  ..I'm able to  function  on my own but my life is basically sleeping eating Internet getting outside AA &amp; NA doctor visits and trying new medications.  I'm taking 450 mg of Wellbutrin and that helped me a lot but not nearly enough.  I live in a remote area with few choices for healthcare.   Try a new doctor  or  Move to a larger city  are not exactly feasible options.  At this point I don't know if a better doctor will tell anything other than  Try another medication. ..Medical tests that came back normal: B1 B12 D MRI thyroid complete blood count gluten allergy lyme epstein barr virus cortisol metabolic magnesium testosterone sleep study ..Other things I've tried: exercise good diet vitamins mediation CBT DBT mindfulness counseling AA NA working the 12 Steps with a sponsor skiing hiking hobbies getting sunshine going on a vacation Gene Testing giving up all gluten for 30 days various supplements..Medications that did not help or made me worse:  Vistaril (made me feel high in a bad way) Lexapro (felt tired all the time) Modafinil (no positive experiences) Valtrex (doctor said it wouldn't hurt) Naltrexone (gave me headaches) Zoloft (no positive effect) Buspirone (no effect) Abilify (no benefit) Viibryd (terrible side effects) Fetzima (terrible side effects) Klonopin (didn't notice a positive effect) Ritalin (no positive experiences) and Concerta (terrible side effects).  The doctor prescribed me Vyvance but the insurance company wants me to try cheaper options first.  And yes I know it's a terrible idea to try Adderall...Doctors' Opinions:..First Doctor:  My gut says depression and anxiety.  Idk maybe you have ADHD.  This has *nothing* to do with using or quitting alcohol...Psychiatrist:  Which drug do you want?  I don't know what's wrong with you...Psychologist:  I don't know why the doctor told you to see me.  I don't think you have ADHD...Second Doctor:  There's nothing medically wrong with you.  Here's some Wellbutrin...Infectious Disease Specialist:  You have a very low white blood cell count but no symptoms of an infection.  Something's definitely wrong with you but I don't know what it is...Neurologist:  You're too young to have dementia or alzheimer's.  It's probably either depression substance abuse or lack of quality sleep.  Idk maybe you're drinking  medicated  ADHD you didn't even know you had.  Now that you're not drinking your brain is trying to figure out how to work differently...Neuropsychologist:  Based on 4 hours of tests your cognitive skills are actually above average.  No recommendation regarding ADHD treatment.  You clearly have anxiety though...Third Doctor:  Probably depression.  PAWS doesn't usually last this long.  Since Wellbutrin helped you a little but not enough maybe it is ADHD.  Let's keep trying medication...Substance Abuse Counselor:  PAWS definitely.  Actually it's only depression.  Idk maybe it is ADHD like the doctors suggest.  I'm not a doctor.
----------immediate responses--------

I had similar symptoms when I was drinking so I don't think it is PAWS. I have bipolar disorder and these are the symptoms I get when I have a depressive episode. ..Have you ever felt really "happy" or up for month or two long periods?..
There's now a DNA test they can do to isolate which antidepressants will be most effective. A psychiatrist can/should do it before prescribing any drugs. Results in a few days.  If you have insurance the cost is about $330. genesight.com
I had all three of those when I quit so hard to pinpoint which symptom belonged to which! I have major memory problems but no issues around speech or language. I have been on every antidepressant under the sun. They all made me feel like a zombie. Wellbutrin I can't say much on as I am allergic and had to stop taking after two weeks but I've heard it's supposedly less zombieish. That being said 450 mg is a monster amount. I am not a doctor and you should never ever adjust meds on your own (super dangerous) but I strongly encourage you to talk to your doc about adjusting your meds especially after quitting alcohol. You need close supervision as your body adjusts the farther away from drinking you get. I saw my prescriber every three weeks because they didn't want me to kill myself but they also didn't want me to take too high of a dose if I didn't need it. A doc who is maxing you on Wellbutrin and then walking away is lazy at best and incompetent at worst and a new doc should at least attempt to figure this out for you. See a psychiatrist not your family doc and find one who isn't a pill pusher. They are rare but obtainable. You may need to make a special trip to another city. Supplements can work against your meds so I wouldn't take any unless prescribed...I found out after stopping I have bipolar disorder not depression (thanks 19 years of useless psych treatment) so my med probably won't help but I was also taking gabapentin for anxiety which was very useful as it is not a traditional  benzo (but still is abusable). Made me a bit sleepy at first til I adjusted. May be worth an ask to the doc. For my ADHD I use coffee. Not worth the risk for anything stronger...For the cognitive issues once you get off the dope (or on the right amount of dope) keep pushing. You shouldn't be experiencing anything that extreme without a hard reason neurologically.
That's why it is called medical "practice" :) Nothing more frustrating than looking for an answer and not getting any....5years into my bottle of wine a day habit I noticed my cognitive skills diminish memory short and long was significantly impaired verbal skills decreasing so I self diagnosed myself with early onset of Alzheimer. Neurologist did some testing and and told me "dear not_a_cliche what you have is ADHD". I'm taking Aderall now going trough all the meds available and it works best for me. ...However I noticed the biggest positive change in my focus panic and anxiety episodes was diet related. When I lowered the carb intake majority of symptoms decreased  significantly. Whenever I go back to SAD(Standard American Diet) and drinking I'm back to square one....Now my doctor thinks that I should see neuropsychologis to eliminate bipolar. Ha!  
I had similar issues if I moved up meds I would feel better then crap. Did a major lowering of my dosage and it helped. I believe the problem came from taking way to much medication. I'd feel crappy up dose then ok then crap. Finally lowered way down and it evened out. I was way over medicated. Good luck. 
