-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pe6f6/five_years/

I realize I don't post here much any more and I've been reflecting on that recently. When I first got sober this place was my biggest resource. I don't think I'd be where I am today if it weren't for the community...Five years ago my life was a mess - I was physically and mentally a wreck my family had basically stopped trusting me I was on the verge of losing my job with no other prospects and no money to fall back on.  I'd decided to quit in the past but always relapsed. This time I'm five years in and still going strong...Sober life is nothing short of amazing. A few years ago I met a fantastic gal and a couple weeks ago we got married. My career is still going strong and I've regained my family's trust  ..Anyway I don't know exactly where I'm going with this but thank you all and on those days when you think sobriety isn't worth the effort remember that it is.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your success and thank you for sharing it's inspirational! IWNDWYT!
   IWNDWYT 
Thanks for coming here to post. It's good to hear from people doing well to know that stopping long term is possible despite the odds.
**High^Five for 5 /u/Seriousboozebag!**     ..Thanks for posting. Your username doesn't fit you anymore!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Thanks for coming back to share! Love hearing about long term success. 
Congratulations on 5 years of Freedom!!!    
Hey boozebag!! Happy Cinco!!   
Right on! Congratulations on 5 years! The changes you've described are inspiring to someone like me who is still very much in early sobriety. Thank you.
Yay!!!!
I keep reading success stories on stopdrinking and In any other context I would think they were bullshit and that someone is trying to sell me something but I know that each one is an incredible sincere story about someone overcoming this brutal addiction. I am so freaking happy for you :) quitting drinking has turned my life around too and I hope everyone who needs to quit gets the opportunity to experience the wonderful life that living without alcohol can be.
Congratulations 
Thank you! Way to go!  IWNDWYT 
Well done !!
Thank you for posting....Super inspiring to see life can be changed completely around...How did you make the decision to stop 5 years ago? 
Congrats! You are an inspiration.
Congrats on 5 years and best of luck to continued success in life!
