-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pjafl/rip_anthony_bourdain/

I just read that he has passed apparently due to suicide. The why is of course none of my business but his openness regarding his past struggles with substance abuse makes me wonder if it'd become an issue again. It's just heartbreaking. Take care of yourself and each other friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am sitting here in a pool of tears.  He was so viscerally real to me.  I called my husband immediately to tell him.  He reminds me so much of my husband it was like a punch to the gut.  
What?! This is so sad. I just love him and his show. I would re-watch it constantly just cause he's so entertaining. My heart goes out to his family he was such a good guy.
Absolutely shattered.....I only learned of this from this post. .
Oh man this is so sad! 61! I'm still reeling from Kate Spade's suicide this week. I feel so disheartened that these people (and yeah I admire them) lived so many years and that they still couldn't find contentment in living..I really really hope all of you out there are doing okay. I think about suicide many times daily but (cliche) there is so much beauty too. So much beauty and things to learn especially in recovery..Stand fast! 
i did read that although he stayed clean from crack and heroin he would not give up alcohol. He said that he did not let it overtake him because he would not drink while home (or in hotel). i wonder if his terrible depression might have been more manageable without the alcohol as well. kate spade from what i read also drank heavily before her death. what a terrible tragedy. ..he was dedicated to ju jitsu (sp?) so clearly he was doing some things right to help with his mental and physical well being  we never know what others are experiencing or how deeply they are experiencing it. i wonder if any of his loved ones had an idea of how serious it was... this is just devastating. 
My breath caught when I read this. It is nearly impossible to reconcile the enormous love for this beautiful world with the enormous pain and suffering that is obviously at war with that love. I feel foolish and heartbroken for him that I believed he had won that it's still so easy to forget that *however it seems is not how it is*.
I won't lie. I've never wanted to drink so bad during my sobriety. He was my personal hero. I learned so much from him and I do not believe I eould have advanced as a chef as much as I did without watching his every move. My heart is breaking for the culinary community and especially his beautiful daughter. It's devastating.
I live in LA so from time to time I see celebs at meetings. Of course it's kind of interesting but it also has shown me that 1. They are just humans like the rest of us and 2. They are having just as hard of a time. I think the lifestyle and the pressure of having a great talent is massively worse actually. It makes me a bit glad I'm just a little cog in the wheel with my finite and inconsequential problems. I only have to worry about ten or so people saying shit to me if I mess something up or don't meet expectations. Celebrities have MILLIONS. Last year we lost a regular attendee at my Thursday meeting and it was so interesting and sometimes infuriating to  see and read what everyone said on Facebook and beyond who didn't know them was saying about their life and addiction. We are a recovery family. In AA we say a prayer at meetings for those who are still out there using and suffering. I guess we won't have to to pray for Anthony any longer.
I'm in total disbelief. The man changed the way I think about food about the food and restaurant industry. He was a hero to me. Can't fucking believe that he's gone. Rest in Peace sweet Tony.   .
Eww I just realized that one of my triggers is being sleepy but im sleepy cause i havent slept or drank in 2 days.  Nap time
He quit after the miracle happened.  
I loved how open he was about his past. It's so vital for people in the public eye to be open about these things because they touch so many people who can relate. I am so saddened by this. 
You can't spend it away :\
Cool guy read his books liked his show even with the high pretension levels \- however screw him for leaving an 11 year old girl behind.  
I've been at a loss all day. I haven't cried and I cry over everything.   I'm thinking I'm in denial. But I haven't even considered drinking which is a bit of a surprise to be quite honest. So there's that. IWNDWYT ..I hope you found peace Anthony.  
He was a hero of mine. I'm shocked and feel so bad for his family. I hope you are all with someone you love tonight. 
