-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pk1kd/bourdain_day_13/

I wrote some thoughts on Anthony Bourdain's passing on Facebook and I'd like to share them here. It is my day 13 and while I am struggling in my own way I feel as though there is a bigger picture to be seen today. There are quite a few of us who belong to this community who are or have been service industry professionals and today our problems have made national news. If you have thoughts or feelings about this please share them with me. ..**REPOSTED:** ..Anthony Bourdain was the reason why I became so passionate about health and wellness advocacy for service industry professionals. In fact ultimately it would be a dream of mine to do that solely for a living...On a very deeply personal note I am just about six weeks out of a very intense bout of depression so huge that you could probably see it from space. This time there was a gravity to it. And when my mental health troubles waxed and waned through my tenure as an employee in the industry my resources were limited. Limited is a generous word. They were mostly non\-existent...Bourdain was a pioneer in bringing the service industry out of the underbelly of the American workforce. Did you know that 10&amp;#37; of professionals in our county work in hospitality in some capacity? And yet our need for easy and affordable access to healthcare \- for mental health addiction or even overall wellness\- is overlooked by our government and even our own employers. This set of humans who aren't "joiners" and found a group of like\-minded individuals who also didn't want to fall in line with the traditional American norms found solace behind a bar on a line on the floor but cast aside because we are often seen as "less than" and thus undeserving...A cruel reality: the same people who look down their noses at us or out from under their glasses hiding behind a menu are also the same people who devoured Bourdain's genius in the media and the kitchen and sang his praises over glasses of expensive prosecco and poached eggs at some overpriced brunch. "Why don't you just go to college?" "Are you just doing this part\-time until you get a real job?"..Stop...We need to stop using people up and spitting them out.   .We need to take better care of service industry professionals. ..We need to take better care of each other...Anthony Bourdain was wealthy yes. He could afford access to better care than most of us. But depression is a disease that worsens over time. It is insidious...He used to be a broke chain\-smoking rough and tumble cook. That's where he came from. A kitchen. And what if he could have gotten better help then?..He might not be an icon a hero to so many dead at 61.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is a jealous lover a cruel warden and a merciless executioner...RIP.
It is upsetting to me to read that Anthony Bourdain was a recovered drug addict. In my opinion he was not. I can't help wondering if his abuse of alcohol played a role in his suicide. 
Thanks for that. I've been wrestling with the industry for the 16 years since I met Bourdain. The only breaks I ever get are when I quit or get fired. Invariably in between jobs I get sober and then after going back to the kitchen getting beat up for a little while lied too and overworked...I start drinking again. Fuck. .But I will not drink today.
