-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8plsjk/special_snowflake_i_am/

I'm starting on my 4th day and I'm so proud of myself! Considering that I had a whole week off and was planning to indulge indulge indulge. Whole week to myself and my best friend Pinot Grigio. ...Plan was to start as soon as I woke up. I did it on Monday....Even when I was drinking I visited this sub religiously and read about all the struggles successes temporary set backs. What struck me was that every one who posted never gave up. ..."Oh but they don't have to deal with the difficulties I face. They are surrounded by people who love them and support them. They are young and have a future to look forward to. They have a good jobs and are not behind on their car house utility payments. They they they..."...I was coming up with so many excuses and reasons why me spending money to numb myself and not having to face the reality was an only option. "Because I don't have a future because nothing will change if I stop"...What a BS! I don't know if misfiring synapses changed my view but there was a moment of clarity. So what if I'm not the youngest. I still hopefully have a few years ahead of me. Yes I am alone but have fantastic kids who deserve a sober me. Even if they are adults and have their own lives. My problems are not going away but I will face them and try to climb out of the pit I manage to dig for myself. ...Tuesday was my first day sober in few weeks.  ...You guys are so bloody amazing and inspiring. THANK YOU!...Now if you excuse me I'm going to the salon to have a hair done. This special snowflake deserves a new coiffure. ...Love you all and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

You *Are* unique!..Just like everyone here ;D..Sober On!
Welcome! ..What I've learned about the people on here is that we may all have different circumstances (in terms of financial security family job prospects) but we are all trying desperately hard to break away from the same thing that is trying to kill us and make us completely miserable on the road to that inevitable grave.  As far as those who are very fortunate in material  ways or blessed with great families are concerned none of that really matters :  it doesn't make it easier to handle the fact that we have drinking problems. Those people are just as miserable in the prison of alcohol as those who have far less.  And whilst you would think that the great job the family the nice house are all reasons for those people to stop drinking (and should therefore be great incentives) they often don't operate as deterrents to drinking...So  very long way of saying that we are all fighting the same fight and it's fucking hard for all of us. But this is an awesome powerful army of sobernauts who are willing to keep fighting . And we are really glad you are now part of that army. IWNDWYT 
The phrase I have heard in AA is "terminal uniqueness." How true it is! Go treat yourself &lt;3 
I have no idea what your age is but I'm an adult that saw my dad pass because he never faced his alcohol demons. I cherish this post. Your kids are lucky you're such a brave parent. Even if they have grown up lives they're still your kids and no kid want their parent to suffer from alcohol. ..Thanks for sharing. I wish you all the best snowflake sober parent. IWNDWYT.
I found that when I surrounded myself with warmth and comfort I became water and I was no longer "thirsty".
I'm glad you are still indulging just in healthier ways.
The breakthrough was fucking mind blowing for me it took years of trying and failing before it hit but now that it did I'm in a completely new world mentally and I know that I'm going to do it.  Congrats to you!  You've got a friend in Atlanta that won't drink with you tonight.
Your kids do deserve a sober you. And... So do you!
Love it! So happy you've taken the step with us. I hope the new hair looks fab and I look forward to not drinking with you today
