-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pmeuz/4_months_in_feeling_angry_irritable_aggressive/

Lately I feel like everyone around me is an idiot. I have found myself being snippy with coworkers and annoyed with my friends' idiosyncrasies. I have been under a lot of stress lately and normally in the "before time" I would have dealt with this by having a few (and probably a few too many) and bitching to the other regulars at my pub...At first I was just thinking maybe this is the "anger" phase of grief. My therapist said I should expect to go through the stages after breaking off that relationship of ~20 years. But I felt like I did that already and this is just run-of-the-mill life stuff that I am really struggling with...Is this normal? What can I do?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Is this normal?..Absolutely! Feelings are normal! It is OK to not be OK! Sobriety doesn't make you a perfect chipper person all the time. If you were you'd be a robot! ..What's something you really love doing? I find that when I am down or angry I just need to get out of myself for a bit. For me that is seeing a movie journaling calling a friend going to the SPCA to play with some cats or just going to the gym! What might that be for you?
I am speaking entirely for myself here but when I have found myself getting angry and annoyed over everything it was usually because my addiction was gearing me up for a relapse. Tricking me into being so frustrated that not only did I HAVE to drink but I DESERVED to because of all I'm forced to endure! For me bouts of anger like this are a trap. 
I went through RID (Restless Irritable Discontent). ..The feeling sucks but I learned how to cope with it by [reading up on it](https://www.footprintsbhc.com/restless-irritable-and-discontent-learning-to-stay-still-in-recovery/) and talking with others in my program...Congrats on 137! :)
Snap feeling just the same every other word is a swear word. I'm hoping it's just a stage and that my poor abused brain is just taking time to repair itself fingers crossed people bear with me (and ignore my constant bad language!)
Anger is my self manufactured drug...More powerful than alcohol...There are tools for processing...I got some in CBT counseling recovery meetings and other places...Most important for me is to notice if I'm getting impatient discontent irritated resentful.....  then I'm building toward anger...I always remember that anger is a choice.  ..
