-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pnmky/fuck_it_im_resetting/

I should have reset at about 600 days. Don't even know what happened...I knew it was creeping back into my life but i'd gotten into the mindset that i was functioning. Work was great awesome friends money in the bank back into a routine at the gym and outside of the drinking i felt good about myself...Fast forward to two months ago: I lost that great job distanced myself from those great friends stopped going to the gym and deposited all my money savings and assets into a current account. After 2 months of binging on strong spirts and a particular class A my card finally got declined. ..I have nothing! For the past 2 months i've been in this self consumed bubble where i've completely separated myself from everyone outside of the local stops and my drug dealer. The reality is starting to sink in and i don't know what to do. ..I used to be such an active member of this community and used to love offering advice to people with the same struggle. Not entirely sure what i'm expecting from posting today; I guess just clarity that i'm not alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Stand up. Look at yourself. You are fit and able. Get out there. There are always bumps in the road that's why they made tires.
Been in those shoes before. Did the same thing you explained above. Now I'm back on track and everything is heading in a good direction again. So..... 
How did you not drink for hundreds of days? ..I couldn't stay stopped without help because I had no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own. A therapist nudged me onto the road to recovery. Rehab outpatient treatment and AA gave me what I needed. ..What do you need?
I didn't have 600 days (which is so awesome!)  I have reset many times over the past year and a half . My life is at a rebuild everything place . I quit my job  lost my apartment  and zero bank account . I'm not giving up . I'm trying to rebuild and believe it will be a new life built from a clear head . Not the one the manipulated everything so I could get to my next drink . You can do it . 600 days !!!! I won't drink with you today . Let's rebuild!
[removed]
That's the thing that does my head in. Like we KNOW this stuff right? We know the theory. We know it's bad for us. I've had cancer for fuck sake. Yet still the addict brain wins. It blows my mind. ..On the other hand what also amazes me is how simple it is to not drink. Simple not easy. Like what really stopped me drinking was visiting this site non alcoholic grape juice meditation guided relaxation and some funny videos. That's it! It's like nothing. Like that's all cheap or free. It's nothing major. Just a bunch of little things that make the difference between me ruining my life or not. ..I can see that when you've hit bottom and someone says all you gotta do is watch some cat videos and you'll be fine and we all think that's BS. It's too simple. It has to be harder than that because I feel so bad. But really it is a narrow path we walk on. So easy to take a detour...It does my head in. The whole thing.
What matters now is what you're doing now  making a courageous choice to be here with us to turn away from what your brain and your fear are telling you will feel good (that old avoidant feeling)...I'm so proud of you for posting! It takes a lot to admit at least in writing as a first step that you want to change but don't know what to do. Welcome back. 
Mate I'm in the same boat as you. Working keeping fit finances under control. Felt the best I had in years. Maybe I felt a bit too good. Got a bit cocky. Thought I had the beast under control...So I go to the pub after work on a Friday with some colleagues. Wasn't even pressured into it. That was nine months ago and I've been slowly circling the drain hole ever since. I've sorta managed to keep my nose just above the water i.e. kept the job stayed somewhat fit but I haven't been living just existing. I was sleepwalking thru most of the days waiting for the end and the booze...You most definitely are not alone here.
That's alright. Seems to stick eventually and you did have 600 sober days!! You'll get back you've done it before. Hopefully it taught you more than you knew before  ..IWNDWYT 
You're not alone. If we can do it so can you. 
Glad you are back. You can do this!  
I had a couple good stretches of sobriety including 140 days sober and felt great and then drank for some reason. That set off a rather long series of benders and I haven't been able to string 10 days sober together since. I am seriously done with alcohol and drugs this time. We are going to make it!
