-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pz4nm/went_to_my_third_aa_meeting_today_and_it_changed/

Forgive the late night word-vomit I should be asleep but I had a Rockstar at like 6pm like an idiot so I'm awake (yet also tired because I smoked some weed to help me get to sleep... it's a weird combination of feelings and I might ramble a bit sorry)  and just wanted to talk about today. ...So I had committed myself initially to 7 days and 7 meetings since I wasn't too keen on going deep down but I've been lonely and figured it'd be a positive way to spend time that I'd usually spend drinking. ..First two meetings weren't bad but they didn't make me want to come back if that makes sense. Everyone was so much older than me and even though their experiences resonated with me and even though they did their best to connect with me despite my silence which was incredibly touching I still wasn't too sure. ...Today's meeting was actually accidental. I mean the one I ended up going to I guess. My planned schedule got all fucked up so I had to pick a later meeting. The one I ended up in was the one I needed. ...Plenty of people closer to my age people that actually reached out and made me comfortable enough to share a brief history and an introduction. I mentioned the fact that I was honestly still just trying out AA and wasn't sure if it was really for me I'm not remotely religious and I am not capable of being so. I mean I wouldn't even really call myself spiritual. I'm a bit of a realist in kind of (or mostly) a negative sense but I'd like to improve that too.... ...Anyway after I shared every person that shared afterwards were making a point to address me or something that I spoke about or mentioned not debating or explaining (in a cult-y way which I expected) but just... I don't know relating to me. After the meeting I had some good discussions with a couple different people that pulled me aside or joined in on a conversation to ask me something /tell me something / invite me to something. This one woman in particular was great asked me about my first 2 meetings and when I expressed my feelings about it she explained to me that I was just going to the wrong meetings for what I was really looking for I guess? So she wrote me down 4 meetings in the next 5 days that are better fitted for me and my sobriety "journey" and it will help me meet more people that I can relate with and maybe even develop friendships with. Which is something I desperately need. They even invited me bowling lol. ...Anyway after all of it and after hearing what everyone said it opened my eyes to the fact that this isn't the same as my previous drug addiction(s). It was easy as pie to drop all of those relationships and connections. But finding and surrounding yourself with people that don't drink/ rarely drink / don't care if you don't  or whatever is really hard especially at my age and especially where I live. I need AA. The idea of a sponsor didn't put me off 100% like it did before. Actually working the steps didn't put me off 100% like it did before. This whole world of possibilities and futures kind of opened up to me. I don't feel so alone anymore. ...Anyway that's my share for the day. Also humble-but-not-brag I'm pretty sore from the 8 miles of jogging I did today. I also did some more arm/leg work (really need to start on core work but god damnit it hurts lol) which when I started a couple of weeks ago would leave me aching at least a bit by the evening. But not now. Guess I need to up my game :p...Still struggling in some other areas obviously. Life isn't perfect. My finances are still pretty shitty I'm still struggling with pain from my recent break up (pain which surfaces at seriously the most inconvenient fucking times) my living situation is not ideal there's some drama in my family regarding myself and my racist sexist ass grandfather which is shitty and thats been stressing me out making me defensive and probably easy to irritate which is not the best attitude to have at a new job which I'm 90% sure I fucking hate.... but I'm sober and now very open to AA and basically today was just bitchin' and I needed to tell someone. Plus that Rockstar is still relentlessly working hard and I'm still a bit wired. ....I warned you of the word vomit! ...IWNDWYT :)
----------immediate responses--------

