-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8q46b1/day_11_a_goddamn_miracle/

Yesterday I faced so many of the things that make me drink.. anger Self hatred fear anxiety... and I did it all sober. So many moments I was begging for a drink rationalizing it finding every excuse and reason why sobriety wasn't working. But I just kept saying  one day at a time  and seriously prayed for God to just keep me sober that day. All those waves of cravings passed and got lesser and lesser in their intensity. ..Here I am sober one more day and happy I didn't wake up ashamed and depressed. Already went to church hit a workout and I'm at the pool right now. Planning to do some writing and treat myself to a nice dinner. So glad I made it through yesterday. But I think sobriety just depends on stringing a bunch of these little struggles together don't look at the big picture of  can I face this battle every day the rest of my life?  Because that's too insurmountable. Just have to take it one day at a time...What has depressed me  a bit I that I dont enjoy AA like I once did. I feel dull and listless at meetings. I try to take something away but my mind keeps just getting bored and tired of listening to some of the people in there.  I'm going to try another meeting tomorrow I need a support group because I don't really have any sort of family or friends.
----------immediate responses--------

My old home group had a handful of people who would tell the same stories every day. Every. Day. It gets old. I think the idea of trying a new meeting is great. I'm doing the same since I just relocated to a new state. .Have you gotten a sponsor? They can help you find good meetings too. 
Congrats on 11 days! Have you tried going to a different meeting? I don't do AA but I know there's usually lots of ones to choose from depending on where you live. Or maybe SMART or Refuge Recovery? ..You've inspired me to go to the gym and get in a few laps today! IWNDWYT. 
You're doing great! Way to go...&gt; can I face this battle every day the rest of my life?  ..You won't have to.  Eventually you can get to the point where you don't even think about it or when you do the desire isn't there.  So you're right not to fret about forever.  The hardest battles are fought at the beginning.  ..Great victory!
