-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8q7afo/went_to_my_first_meeting_today/

I was struggling today. I spent half the day playing mental gymnastics telling myself I'd be fine with a 6-pack. Ultimately I didn't give in but I felt like I needed some support so I looked up a meeting. It was interesting. Much more low key than I had imagined. Heard a few stories from people who had it much worse off than I ever have... and honestly it made me feel a little out of place. Lots of tales of being court ordered to AA and stories of detox facilities getting the shakes etc. Thankfully I've never had to deal with those problems. I see the path I could head down and I'm trying my best to nip it in the bud before my life falls apart before I find rock bottom. When I left I had more questions than answers...like do I really belong there? I felt like a kid trying to fit in with the grown ups. Has anyone else had this experience with AA?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah at my first meeting I was the only one there who wasn't court ordered. It made me question if I really belonged there and I've been hesitating whether or not to go back.  
I had the exact same experience with AA and NA. I ended up voicing this to other attendees and they were all very encouraging. I think it's amazing that you are at the meetings before things really get out of hand....For me just going to the meetings made it more  real  and made the urge to drink much smaller.
I go to AA and I was never court ordered. I try to identify what I have in common with others as opposed to comparing myself to others in AA.
If you had a desire to stop drinking you belonged there. ..AA saved my ass. I hope you give it a chance. IWNDWYT 
First off. Find the similarities in the stories not the differences. Second off your rock bottom is whenever you decide to make a change to better your life. It doesn't have to be as bad as everybody else got before you decide you want more for yourself. Keep giving AA a shot. It took me a while to start enjoying it.
Nice work taking a leap and heading to a meeting!  I would echo another post and encourage you to listen for the similarities in the stories. No matter how severe the consequences that alcohol has caused a speaker I always find so many themes that I can relate to. We all return again and again to the booze despite punishment. ..I would also suggest checking out a few different meetings in different areas. Every group is so different. Sometimes treatment programs and agencies have certain meetings they are more aware of so they tend to refer mandated clients to those specific meetings. You will find everyone everywhere but you can find meetings where it's a more balanced ratio.  
Hey there...I can relate.  I liken my AA experience  to being the skinny kid at a weight watchers meeting.  I would say the few meetings I attended were almost a trigger for me (I got off the elevator pretty early)...AA is a fabulous resource but it's not the only resource.  Since alcohol use disorder encompasses a very wide spectrum of folks I reckon that different resources might be more fitting than others depending on where you land within the spectrum (and also your personal preferences..what particularly motivates you to change etc).  ..There are tons of options - counseling other groups like SMART and Refuge Recovery books podcasts online challenge groups.  Explore it all and find what works for you!..I won't drink with you today!
Look for the similarities not the differences.  Your bottom is your bottom and just because you haven't faced as many challenges yet doesn't mean you aren't someone who needs to be there.  There are no trophies for "Worst Bottom".  Hell there's a guy I see often at meetings that has one leg shorter than the other because he got shot while drunk.  
