-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8q85jg/i_cant_take_another_week_of_this/

On Saturday night my elderly mother couldn't take the worry anymore and turned up at the pub to drag me home. Sunday was the usual write off sweating and shaking on the sofa unable to do anything but watch tv. Hardly able to do that. And now I have to rebuild myself to face the week until I'm stupid enough to do it again..I had 7 months of sobriety last year after a full-on dt withdrawal experience. I was happier than at any other time in my adult life. This year has been continuous miserable relapse. .No more. This isn't the life I want. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome back. IWNDWYT 
Glad you're here! IWNDWYT
Rooting for you!
Welcome back . I'm struggling today but it's way better than being on a booze bender full of rage fear  despair and all the crazy drunken behavior which is full of danger to me and others around me. I will stay sober with you today. 
Stop this shit!!! I was exactly where you were ten months ago. You can do this I promise. The first month is hell because you practically are telling yourself every moment "don't drink don't drink." But it gets way better man. Get active. I got into a lot of walking. This is no way to live how you are doing it. I used to drink out of lonliness and boredom but with the walking I started getting dopamine from that and I felt better. Now I even go to the gym to workout. I wish you could see what my point of view looks like. I know what your point of view looks like cause I've been there for fifteen years. It's over now if you choose. But now doesn't count does it? It counts on Friday when you have the weekend to get drunk. What will you decide this Friday? I wish you the best Forza! I know you can do this and you will be glad you did. 
Welcome back. You've done sobriety before with great success so you have proof you can do it . Try to remember how great you felt when you were sober . IWNDWYT 
The ones that come back are some of the strongest because they have had to pull back more than once. You'll do great!
Welcome back. You can do it! Just remember you only have to not drink for one day--today. I'm rooting for you!
Welcome backyou can do this.I have had several periods of up to 2 years soberthen thought I was cured and went strait back to the Booze.This time I mean it to last foreverDay 3 for me .I am with you all the way we will put the poison out of us for good.IWNDWYT x
I know exactly where you are now. When sober going back to drinking seems like the most unimaginable thing ever. Then somehow I go back to drinking and suddenly sobriety seems like the most elusive thing ever. How are the two perspectives so damn far apart? Why doesn't a relapse end with "Oops! Made a mistake back to being sober?" but instead ends with weeks and months of inexplicable drinking while hoping to someday regain sober traction? Fuck this shit.
Great work I will celebrate with you with a fine bottle of 2018 sparking mineral water!! 
I'll be sober with you today too buddy 
Welcome back. I'm not drinking with you today. 
It's Monday now I guess. Thinking about you and hoping it makes sense to start again. I never had 7 months in and I am in awe; nothing will take that away from you not even having to start again. You know you can do this.
What helps me is the ideal that I chose not to drink. Not that I can't. It helped me reclaim my power over drinking 
Just don't drink today.
You've done the research--for you and for all of us. Thank you for your report and welcome back! .IWNDWYT
Are you trying to do this alone? That was my mistake. When I finally admitted I needed help and got it stopping was easy. ..There's lots of real life support out there - AA SMART and I'm sure there are others. Try that this time around - you may be pleasantly surprised. 
Study the big book like your life depends on it.... That's what worked for me. I did the same thing to my mom brutal how our disease affects those around us.... Im in my 40s and my two best friends from growing up are dead from this disease multiple other friends have passed away from it..... I am 9 yrs sober I studied the big book like my life depended on it and I made AA my number 1 priority... It works but like anything on life you get out what you put in
Go for it you're strong enough to do this.  
