-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qb4pm/end_of_pink_cloud/

Hi guys I'm almost 8 weeks and was doing great. In the shape of my life lost weight and feel all round good and not thinking about drinking. This is the longest I've ever been sober. About a week ago though I said something to a friend which I regret but it made me realise I'm not this all new reformed saint id thought I'd become. If truth be told it was the sort of thing I'd normally say when drunk and that's what's disappointed me. I binge ate yday and today and I'm not thinking of drinking but i have been realising cannabis use in the future and am worried that I may have a relapse coming up. Basically I was feeling great but I fear this feeling became the new normal...And now I'm struggling to adjust. Any ideas or advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I was thinking about smoking pot recently too. But then AB killed himself. He'd been abusing alcohol for years despite admitting that he'd been addicted to heroin and other drugs. It's so easy for us to lie to ourselves about one substance being a problem for us and another drug being okay. I have personally relapsed back into drinking after putting my toe in the water with pot. I've been down that road. I don't need to do it again. We have to stay vigilant if we're serious about staying away from alcohol and we can't be vigilant if we are stoned. 
You know what has been surprising me?  Is how HARD on ourselves we all can be.  You just accomplished something amazing!  Two months sober!  That's incredible!  Think about it for a second: you're getting USED to feeling great all the time.  How rad is that??..The thoughts you're having seem... normal.  And actually I feel like being able to engage critically with them is part of the process of being a student of your own sobriety.  You don't have booze in the way to whitenoise-out these considerations.  Meditating might help as a way to check in instead of out (where weed might be leading you - a different numbing agent)...Good luck!  IWNDWYT &lt;3
[removed]
