-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qdkph/question_a_little_over_11_months_and_feeling/

These past couple of days i've been feeling a bit pissy a bit off a bit mad at something i can't really put my finger on. The feeling changes subjects every once in a while so i don't think its anything concrete. Just an overall sense of pissyness/ being annoyed starting around 1800 or so. I've been exercising enjoying the pretty ok weather out here and today i did two things i'm proud of because they scared me a bit. I can enjoy most of my day but it gets really annoying having to end my days getting annoyed with je ne sais quoi....Question: anyone recognizing something like this around the 11 month mark? I'm just a bit worried that this "pissyness" might turn into some kind  of "fuckthisshittery" especially since i'm coming up on my first year sober and i've seen too many stories about relapses around that mark. Just want to be ahead of the game :)..Thanks for your reply in advance i sure hope i'll get some on this one :)..also woopwoop coming up on one year..thats just crazy. That went by pretty fast....Salutations Unmathable..
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for 11 months!  .I don't think the length of time you've been sober has anything to do with your current complaint. In situations like this I was happy to have a therapist to talk with and AA meetings to attend. Working the steps with a sponsor taught me more about myself than I ever wanted to know but the personal growth I experienced was profound. ..There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Maybe you are hungering for something more. Since you are concerned a therapist or an AA meeting might be something to consider. ..Thanks for posting. 
I have seen some other posts from people getting... I don't know feeling odd?... around their first anniversary. I think it's a thing.
I definitely had some PAWS (Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome) symptoms around the one year mark. Mood swings and anxiety. It only lasted a week or so. Meditation has helped tremendously.
Since I'm only 22 days in I can't weigh in on your question but I didn't want to miss the opportunity to congratulate you on 11 months AND for enhancing my vocabulary.  I have a  fuckthisshittery  track that begs me to hit play every now and again.  Funniest phrase ever and oh so accurate! 
There's no magic time "mark." It's something going on with you. Ever consider taking a Jiu Jitsu karate kick boxing whatever class? There's a difference between working out and working out aggression. 
I'm dealing with this kind of general pissed/angry thing pretty frequently these days. It comes out of nowhere too which drives me up the wall. I wish I knew what to say to help you but all I can say is I hope you find the peace you deserve. 
Hey there my Unmathable buddy!  Sorry to hear you're still feeling out of sorts on and off.  Could be some milestone jitters   I did a hell of a lot  this time last year' reflection coming up to my year and a lot of that did not make for happy memories!  ..Are you still off work?  Could you maybe have too much time on your hands at the mo?  Could you change up your evening routine to be doing something different   I'm thinking evening classes or a project of something but they might be stupid ideas.....I'm still a bit grouchy myself   blasting it with exercise classes at the gym and good old fashioned patience.....Hang in there my friend.  I'm still happy to be not drinking with you even with our mutual grumps!
