-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qf7q9/550_days_help_im_alive/

Wow I'm alive!!!! I've never been more scared or excited in my life. I use to make choices that compounded to *hurt* myself and my life now I'm making choices that are compounding to *help* my life. It's a bit overwhelming because it's all new and I don't want it to ever go away again so I'm holding on a bit tight but starting to go with the flow...I'm also struggling with my libido. There is still part of me that want those wild and crazy party girls who dance drink are promiscuous and unstable. But there's also a bit of confidence stability and strength growing in me which has started to attract a different and healthier type of women...And why are all these kind people trying to be friends with me!? They just ask about my life and we do fun activities and just hang. It's so much different then the knucklehead drunks and late night bullshit I was use to...Is this...is This money in my pocket!?! I can just save this shit and not blow it on shots and late night shit food?!?!? Amazing...I still have a bit of a sting of regret of not getting clean in H.S. and I'm really struggling with dealing with the haters and hangerons. I will keep on keeping on tho into MY bright future. :) Thanks for being their guys and gals IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

That's so exciting!!! Keep moving forward   
Glad you're alive!
I was taking a walk today and was thinking how nice it is that I'm continuously doing things to improve my life... instead of continuously doing things to mess it up.
This makes me feel good. I can do this.
Awesome! Good to hear from you :)
Well done and have a great day today. IWNDWYT 
I love this post...I love you and am so proud of you. Reading this makes me smile because I feel the same way. ..I am very very happy for you:)
Happy 550!  Heh.  You are going strong.  That future is bright.  Better buy some shades with that pocket change. :)
Great to see ya Patty :)
great song by [Metric called Help I'm Alive. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoK63Bk7pgw) And what a feeling heck yea dude! 
