-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qi3jl/in_about_10_hours_my_brother_and_i_are_heading/

Grief I've discovered is one of the worst fucking things to battle against when it comes to sobriety. ..I don't feel the need anymore to drink when I'm angry. I don't want to drink to celebrate when I'm happy. ..When I'm sad no matter what it is I'm sad about I struggle with wanting to just kill every feeling I have wth liquor. ..I know how slippery that road is though. Even one night of drowning my sorrows would only make me feel worse. It would give fodder to the fire that is my depression. ..This part is going to sound dumb I'm sure but have any of you watched Supernatural? If you have you may remember several seasons back when Sam got his soul back and was seeing Lucifer everywhere. He was able to ignore him by reminding himself that Lucifer wasn't really there by way of pushing on a wound on his hand that WAS real. ..Unfortunately at some point Sam let himself use 'Lucifer' to help him with a case by speaking to him. ..After that he couldn't tune him out anymore. He couldn't sleep or think and despite only being a hallucination Sam was being destroyed mentally and physically. ..For me despite the fact that I was never dependant on alcohol it's still like my Lucifer. ..I know that even if I only had one drink or drank for just one night it would open a door I said I would not go back through. ..One night turns into 'I just need to get through these few days' and then 'It's the only way I can cope/sleep/relax.' ..The last time I drank was the night I let depression heartbreak and far too much liquor convince me that I had no reason to live. ..My Grandma has no idea I ever went through that. There's no reason she needs to know. ..And even though I'm beyond devastated that we're basically waiting for her to pass I won't let myself disappoint her. I won't go down that path again. ..So despite how desperately I want to go out and throw back as much Whiskey as I could handle after over two years I'm not going to drink today. ..I will cry. I will probably throw up. I will stuff my face with junk food and watch movies or play video games all night to distract myself. ..I won't drink with anyone today. ..I admit thoughI could definitely use some words of encouragement today. She's still lucid and able to communicate. I'm scared to death that she's going to go while I'm there or that she'll somehow hold out the next 19 days and pass on my birthday.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear what you're going through matey.....Remember there is no day so shitty that alcohol couldn't make it worse and your family need you to be sober and present too at this difficult time.....Sending virtual hugs and best wishes from this end!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Every hard thing we survive (especially sober) such as the loss of a loved one teaches us something deepens our love and strengthens us in the long run.  Your grandma has lived this and knows this.  You can honor her life and what she has been through by being there for her whenever she completes her journey.  This is the road that we all share. My heart goes out to you and to her.  
I'm so sorry that you are going through this. But it is really good that you get a chance to be there for your grandma at this time. ..It's sad and frightening and worrying. But at the same time a lot of the BS in the world gets stripped away and you get a chance to see a bit more clearly what really matters...I will not drink with you today.
I'm sorry to hear of your grandma being so sick. I was with mine when she left this world 5 years ago.   She was like my mother. I loved her so much. I thought I would have a hard time with her passing but I did not. She was at peace. She lived a wonderful life. Your grandma will love to see you and have you by her side sober.   
