-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qjzem/30_days_but_i_need_some_support/

This is the longest I've managed in a loooong time. Serial relapser but hey I keep picking myself up and trying so I'm trying to focus on that. I made it 30 days!!! Mini happy dance!!! And I'm really (really) happy with a lot of stuff: my sleep is so much better relationship parenting 3\-year\-old twins is so so much better. So much more patient. Anxiety has lessened. ..And yet there are still some pretty intense challenges. For one I feel like my brain is still in a fog and hasn't quite snapped out of it yet. I keep making stupid mistakes at work. Also I've realized that problems in my marriage (workable) did not disappear overnight despite me being sober and despite my husband really believing they would. I think this has thrown both my husband and I for a loop but really affirms what I've read from many of you here: not all your problems go away when you stop drinking. I guess I'm just learning to deal with them better...I guess I'm just struggling a bit today. My stupid brain is telling me that I'll learn to moderate (wrong) that it wasn't such a big deal (it was) and one day I'll be cured (duhhhhhhhh). I've literally given my alcoholic brain a nickname (it's Putin) and I keep telling him to piss off and stop being such a punk. ..That said here's to 30 days. Couldn't have done it without this sub\-reddit   it made all the difference. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Huzzah!!!      .We're here whenever you need us. .IWNDWYT 
Your fog brain is the poison leaving your body..and no...it doesn't cure everything in your life but wakes you up so that you are fully aware and prepared to dealing with the issues.  It will get better!  Hang in there and don't listen to that stupid alcoholic brain who's only agenda is for you to have a drink.  You are doing fantastic!
30 days is amazing. Naming your alcoholic brain Putin: also amazing. Look at all those gains you've listed. It seems like ... maybe you're picking up positives as you go and it's going to keep getting better the further you go. (This is what I hope for myself.) You are doing so well. IWNDWYT!
Congratulations on 30 days \- those first few weeks were the toughest for me. Wishing you peace and success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations! 30 days is huge! I dint know what problems you have in your marriage but parenting young children is SO hard. I have yet to meet a couple that didn't have at least some struggles - with the sleep deprivation lack of adult time crazy schedule it's so tough! Hang in there. IWNDWYT!
30 days - it's great!! I've just come to understand that my challenges only grow with alcohol. Multiplies. Without alcohol some day I hope to manage the other challenges one by one easy and steady. I wish you the best you deserve! 
Congratulations! Doesn't it feel good to hit this mark?!?! No quitting drinking doesn't make our problems go away but it makes them seem a heck of a lot more manageable. There will be easy days and hard days but you've done 30 days already. Now aim for another 30 + 1. And then another 30 plus 2. That's the approach I'm taking anyway. It seems a lot more manageable - since I've hit 30 once surely I can do that again plus another day. IWNDWYT! And congratulations again!!!
Hello! I could have written your post except my twins are 6 tomorrow and I'm only 29 days. I've probably been worse temper wise since I stopped drinking and my marriage problems are magnified now we can't Just drink away our issues. Good luck I firmly believe I am a better person without the booze than the tired person just getting by that I was before. I'm going to have to work on a lot of things my temper especially but that's ok because I can actually make progress. Keep marching on!!!  IWNDWYT.  I'm far too busy cake making and going to Pilates and sorting out birthday presents!!!!
Ha! Yeah Putin can be a real dick! Keep putting that asshole in his place!..As far as being a serial relapse-er we've all fallen off before we final learned how to ride. The important thing is that you keep getting up dusting yourself off and get back on that horse. ..Congrats on 30 days!
I like the naming strategy. It seems like a good way to separate that unconscious part of the mind from the conscious... to see the urges and thoughts that pop up as something other than you.
30 days is amazingkeep it going and IWNDWYT x
Hahah Putin nice :)..You are awesome.
Congratulations on 30 days. You're awesome!
Congrats on 30 days! While it may be jarring at the moment to realize not all your problems will go away just remember its totally normal and really healthy to realize this. You're on the right track when my addict brain bothers me I try to remember how many problems are solved by staying sober and recommit myself to working on the things that aren't. It's a much better struggle.
Of course life is not going to instantly tie itself up with a neat and tidy bow if you have 3 year old twins! You've got a lot on your plate. As they say hold on . . . it keeps gettin better. Congrats on your star!
My brain is the same we can't let the reds win ;)
I'm gonna call my dumb brain kim jong.thanks for the inspiration. And yes as everyone else says 3yo twins!! Life is gonna be hard for another 2-4 years no matter what else is going on..      mine are 6 and 8. I promise this bit of your life will get easier too. IWNDWYT!
