-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qlkd8/my_higher_power_struggle/

Hey all...I've been going to AA for this past week and it's been great for the most part. Everyone was super welcoming and wanted to make me a solid part of the group they invited me out to do stuff and every meeting I go to I meet new people. Which is awesome for me since I have zero friends. ...My only issue is the God thing. And I know I know your higher power doesn't have to be "THE GOD" or whatever it can be whatever you want it to be. But I just can't get passed the "surrendering yourself to your god" thing. I went to Christian schools for most of junior high and high school and that resulted in my extreme distaste for religion of any kind. I dislike the idea of people doing right or being kind to others (or to themselves) just because God almighty told them to. Fuck that you do those things because you should be responsible to and for YOURSELF and no one else. I'm not choosing to be sober and stay sober because some deity really really cares about me and wants me to stay sober (if there is a God he's an asshole and certainly doesn't care about our individual lives and the bullshit that comes with them). I'm choosing to stay sober because I know I have a lot of potential (not brain surgeon potential but I know I'm capable of being much more than I currently am) and I want to realize that potential. For *Future Meow.* Past Meow was an asshole and didn't give a fuck about me but Future Meow is someone I care about and love and want the best for so I'm doing this for us. ...I'm sorry for the rambling this is just something I'm REALLY struggling with. The one idea that I considered could possibly be my higher power is... well the universe. The force of nature ebbing and flowing long before I was here and will continue to do so long after I am gone. But how do I "surrender" myself and my life to that? It's something that I respect and something I admire. It's something that is so much bigger than me and something that makes me feel small and insignificant... but it's not something I would pray to. ...And in meetings they aaaaaallll talk about prayer. A lot. And how their God or higher power answered their prayers. I hear a lot of "and I just sat there and prayed and prayed that God could help me [insert something here - find a job reconnect with family fly a kite naked and on fire whatever] and God heard me and answered my prayers. We truly do have a loving God that listens to us and wants what is best for us."..To me this feels like absolute bullshit. You found a job because you actually started looking for one. You reconnected with family because you reached out to them. You flew a kite naked and on fire because you had a free Sunday and a spare can of gasoline. GOD DID NOT DO THAT FOR YOU YOU DID THAT FOR YOU. ...I'm not gonna to stop going to AA. But they're definitely what some would consider "cult-ish" because they're all so hardcore into it. I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing either - some people need that! But I've been getting a lot of pressure to pick a sponsor and start working the steps immediately. I've been straight up told "if you stop coming to AA you will never EVER stay sober" and "keep coming back unless you want to end up a useless drunk again." These things have kind of put me off. I'm a generally private person that doesn't like asking for help and doesn't like being told what to do especially when the person telling me to do these things is also saying I'm just gonna be another POS drunk if I DON'T do these things. ...I'm just struggling today. But I won't drink. Thanks for reading if you did.
----------immediate responses--------

I've never been to a meeting mostly because of the reasons you've mentioned here. That said I've heard of lots of meetings that are nowhere near as churchy as what you describe. I live in a huge city so it might vary based on your location but I know here we have meetings that are just for atheists/agnostics and I've heard the GLBT meetings are also not religious at all...The other thing you mentioned is also bullshit. Lots of people get and stay sober without AA. I'm not saying you should ditch AA but don't let anybody manipulate you into thinking it's your only option.
Hey man well done getting all of this out there. Did you feel any catharsis after writing this? I'm not a believer in the conventional idea of God and I've never been to an AA meeting. My dad is 39 years sober in the program and a sponsor of many folks. My younger brother is 14 years sober through AA and a sponsor as well. I've never gone and I don't ever intend to. Both my brother and dad have fallen off the wagon (prescription narcotics not alcohol) and gotten back on. They believe I should've gone through the program but honestly I know it's not right for me b/c my struggle though not uncommon is my own. I don't surrender to anyone or anything. I know that drinking isn't right for my mental and physical health. I decided to take a step towards a healthier life and I'm in complete control of my decisions. I'm beyond being proud that I don't drink b/c the benefits of being sober far outweigh drinking and stand on their own as reasons to stay sober. Staying sober is not the reason to stay sober. I don't believe we'll make significant progress in life if we restrict ourselves to believing we are controlled by something so we have to surrender to something else. It never sat well with me and no member of AA or any church has persuaded me or inspired me otherwise. I keep this to myself b/c I know it's the prescription that works for most folks. If you're comfortable doing it let the folks at AA know that you'll make those moves when you are ready and if they are right for you. If you feel you're getting an ultimatum tell them that you want to know if your attendance is contingent upon these things. 
Google atheist 12 steps in AA.  That's what I use
I did not like AA but it works for some so that's good.  SMART is positive for me- did you ever try going there?
What I found early on is that the important part was for me to realize that I wasn't god. That I wasn't the one in control of the universe. ..I didn't get a sponsor until after about 7 weeks. He didn't have the same concept of a higher power as I had picked but he had a peace about him and a clarity in his eyes that I decided was what I had envisioned for myself. Some people pick a sponsor based on a similar higher power. ..There are loads of atheist and agnostic 12 step resources on the web. ..Good luck
You've just nailed my problem with aa so thank you. It's such a great resource for when I'm struggling but the cultish nature of it is a turnoff. I'm also like you private with strangers. And yes I chose to drink and I chose to stop. I was an emotional jerk to my family because I chose to drink. I'm all about personal responsibility so aa isn't for me. I'm glad to hear other stories of recovery because that's my path.
Glad you're here.  Great topic.  I understand the  struggle  you describe...I too had a  Christian  upbringing with all the baggage that accompanies such a thing...Couple things to ponder...Looks like you already have a God of  your understanding based on what I read from your post -   He's an asshole and certainly doesn't care about our individual lives and the bullshit that comes with them. ..I see you write that it's a struggle to  surrender yourself to your higher power ...I don't know about you but for quite a while I  surrendered myself and turned over my life every day to the higher power of alcohol .  I GAVE myself to it to use me  however it wanted...I'm curious if we share that in common?..I had to ponder on many of things you describe.  Then I got honest.  I had  given  myself to alcohol day after day after day ..  In effect I was  surrendering  to my self-centered selfish inclinations.  Alcohol fueled that indulgence in  Self .  I cared about  Self  first and everything and everybody AFTER that...Doing it  My  way meant  indulging my Self .  By indulging myself interests I created a self-made prison with walls of empty wine bottles.  Every day I worshiped at the alter walked into the prison and closed myself in.  Somewhat like Otis in the Andy Griffith show who would come into the jail cell when drunk and lock himself in.  ..Hmmmm     I acknowledged that I had a history of  surrendering to a power greater than me  (alcohol).  That HP  had a focus on  self ...Then I asked  Is there a Higher Power outside of Self?  An HP associated with  Others  rather than self?.. When I was a child I spoke as a child thought as a child and did childish things. ..As a child I was told repeatedly during my  Christian  upbringing that God was a  Long haired wish-granting genie in the sky  who would punish me if I did  bad  and might reward me if I did  good ...I looked at that critically    if I pray to that HP for something about my selfish indulgence it CANNOT provide that.   There's a good reason for that.  If a magic wish-granting genie exists it can't answer both MY prayers and YOUR prayers.  We will pray for different things often cancelling each other out.  ..I asked myself:   what if the intentions of the adults were  good' but they were just a little confused? ..What one translation of the  truth  is that the presence of love kindness and compassion that is unearned undeserved and unmerited is REALLY what it's all about?  ..Well when I walk into a recovery meeting  I'm certainly given love and support.  Often by strangers.  I've not earned anything from them.  I certainly don't  deserve  it (implied that I merit it through my efforts).  Yet if I'm willing to receive it they will give it freely.  ..They give to me and expect nothing in return.   Wow!..Where else do you see that in life ?  I don't know about you but I can count those places on one or two fingers.  Giving me something out of THEIR gratitude and not expecting me to GIVE them anything?  ..To me that's a manifestation of Higher Power.  The HP of others of love of kindness or compassion...What if there is a Higher Power that can indeed respond to  wish requests  BUT only those not related to MY SELFISH INTERESTS?  ..Interested in your thoughts..
Thanks for the thought provoking read...I wonder if this surrendering concept is an attempt to define that elusive moment when we really decide to stop drinking? Not the flip flopping why can't I stop malarkey. But the come to Jesus moment where you know you have to stop. 
Agnostic in AA for a long time no problems not of my own making.  My dog is my higher power.  ..As for the hard liners \- the orthodox if you will  \- there is some truth in what they say \- **at least for them**.  Take what you need .....PS  you are already working the steps posting here is aspects of steps 12345.  A sponsor is a good thing the right sponsor take your time.
I was desperate in the beginning (yes it is still early days I know). I fell in love with AA hard and fast and made 60 meetings in my first 60 days easily. But then my sponsor started asking me about moving forward with the steps. I have a lot of trouble with the steps because of the higher power too...I had started going to a new meeting closer to my current residence and I enjoyed it for a bit but then the people I connected with there started pressuring me about the steps too. And I am just NOT comfortable with their reliance on a higher power. And you know what? That's okay. I have other resources that are helping me to stay sober now like this subreddit. I am doing well in my fight...It is okay that you don't feel comfortable with the AA philosophy it is just a suggestion. You may carry on with meetings without finding your hp...Are there any Refuge Recovery groups in your area? RR is a Buddhist-based path to recovery and from what I understand it focuses on finding the power within yourself to overcome addiction. You might find it a better fit for you. IWNDWYT! 
This is my first ever post...Much of the criticism I hear directed at Alcoholics Anonymous is mistaking the idea that one must find God ergo some religious form of God to get sober. I know there are many who eschew AA for the very reason; some people have a very difficult time separating the idea of God from religion. The wording of the 3rd step allows us personally define our Higher Power. In short it simply means we can't get sober alone. There are many agnostic and atheists in the rooms of AA who have successfully stayed sober.   ..To avoid controversy or turning others off I keep ideas about my Higher Power to myself. I don't go to AA meetings to air out my views on God I am there for my recovery and to help others. Did I need a higher power to get sober? I don't know but it didn't hurt.  Early in my recover I didn't have much faith that God believed in me hence I drifted spiritually the first few years; floating on loosely held beliefs of my youth. I made attempts to know God through religion and I will admit there was certain comfort is simple beliefs. ..My beliefs are far from static they grow and change over time. I have long since moved away from many of the beliefs that help me find my Higher Power. What works for me today might not work for me tomorrow. I accept that God comes in many forms for many people and they have their own interpretations what that means to them.   I keep an open mind and believer there are many paths to the same destination as we * trudge the road to happy destiny. *..If you are struggling with this aspect of AA please reach to these people. A simply Google search should reveal many links which you might find helpful...I wish your courage on your recovery.
You're welcome! And you CAN do this.
And I thought for sure you'd respond to my comment.  ..I was hoping for your thoughts.
GOD = Group of Drunks. There is a collection of people doing together what I cannot do for myself. I trust that the group is showing me the way. Sometimes I lead when sharing with the group but none of us own any of it. Take the feelings the thoughts the suggestions that you need and hear at any particular meeting and leave the rest. 
Sounds like potential may be your god. It's what you're working toward and what you think you've lost. Anything important to you can be your god. And it can always change. ;)
I didn't like all the god talk either.   I finally found an agnostic group and now I love it. Our group is very loose.  Do the steps or don't do them we don't care.  We don't read them and we don't read from the big book.  We help each other and we listen.  It's working great.  I'd google agnostic aa meetings and see if you can find one. 
Most of AA is derived from the philosophical and psychological works of William James and Carl Jung. It's true the Oxford group is it's immediate ancestor with their neoPlatonic/nosticism. Nevertheless the Ideas of James' pragmatism and Jung's collective unconscious are teeming throughout the steps and reverberate still in the primary outcomes of AA's blue print for spiritual growth and development. ..Steps offer an opportunity for one to have a spiritual experience. This is not the same as religion and has know dogma or institutional demands of any format. Even modern atheists like Sam Harris recognize the importance of metaphysical and spiritual growth over the exclusively material. ..I was a vehement atheist when I stumbled into AA and SD. Raised Catholic which turned me away from religion. Graduate degrees and career in teaching history anthropology sociology and philosophy solidified my anti-theism. Yet after trying everything else the material world had to offer (naltrexone Anabuse cognitive behavioral therapy outpatient programs etc...) I finally was beaten into desperacy. ..Honesty willingness and open mindedness we're all that was required. I found that my atheism was no real impediment to my having a spiritual experience. That is an inexplicable transformation of perspection and mindset...AA and the steps may seem like brainwashing to the outsider but I realized though that my brain could use some washing;) My conception of a higher power would tell you a lot more about me than it would about any higher power. And it doesn't matter now. I have that connection where there was none before. I can't explain it and I'll never have to. I just focus on right action and the connection to my life and the universe continues to grow...I think most people in aa who work steps are referring to this experience with the terms most readily available to them (i.e. God higher power etc...). And what do I care if it's obviously working for them and my other ways were not?! I've found through AA and SD that I cannot think my way into right living I have to live my way into right thinking...Either way keep up the great work and IWNDWYT!
Everything you said here articulated perfectly why I stopped doing AA. I was leaving meetings pissed that I'd wasted 1.5 hours of my life in that room.
