-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qlx1y/this_is_my_first_post_here_im_nervous/

I was inspired to post after seeing the post of the guy who almost died. I almost died too. ..I was drinking all day every day. I could down a handle of vodka in 24 hours if I tried. I might have a time or two. I was able to do this while working a respectable job that paid well and required a lot of attention to detail. This intake went on for about six months before my body gave up on me. ..The withdrawal symptoms started coming earlier and earlier. Having to run into a work bathroom to puke puking in the parking lot shaking uncontrollably blood pressure through the roof...but the more I drank to calm myself down the more I felt myself losing grasp of my mind and thoughts. One day (a weekend) I couldn't do it anymore. My legs were going numb. My hamstrings felt like they were tearing every time I stood. Everything my skin touched felt painful. And I still wasn't sober. ..My boyfriend took me to the ER. No one could explain the pain i was experiencing but I had pancreatitis and extremely low potassium and magnesium levels. I was admitted. Given all sorts of pain killers banana bags and fluids. I was hallucinating but afraid (too out of my mind?) to tell anyone. I didn't know if it was the withdrawal or the combination of meds but I never seized. I kept pulling the needles out of my arms and came across as abrasive to nurses but I couldn't explain that I was having trouble differentiating between what was real and what wasn't. I was there only for a day. They wouldn't let me leave unless I ate something I pretended and left. ..Still hallucinating I got back to my apartment alone (Uber). I called my parents who live three states away and told them what I was seeing. They flew down that weekend wheeled me around in a wheelchair took me to doctor after doctor. No one could figure out what was wrong with my legs. My liver appeared fatty but not terrible. Malnutrition? Who knows. I still don't. My neurologist said I was going to die. He was probably right. It took four months and self-PT/nutritional supplements at home unemployed and useless to get back to relatively normal. ..I spent the next few months on FMLA leave until I was laid off. I just found a job about three months ago. For perspective this all began last June (happy anniversary!). I depleted my savings and am considering bankruptcy. I still don't have some feeling in my toes.  ..On the bright side I immediately lost forty pounds and became a productive member of society again. I have a new job that I love and I didn't lose any relationships along the way though they were damaged and sometimes I feel like they can't recover. ..I'm not posting so you'll take pity on me. It's more so that you'll understand what can happen if you get as bad as I was. I started off like most people - partying in college. A few months of severe trauma turned it from partying to life-threatening - the trauma providing a decent rationalization for the increase I thought. ..I've been (mostly) sober since January. I still slip up sometimes but never to the point where I was. It's always a struggle but I'm gonna pull through and you will too. If you ever need any helpful guidance or advice I'm here for you. ..But I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. IWNDWYT 
And nor will I drink with you. Stay strong and focused and thanks for sharing. 
Thank you for sharing this! I will not drink with you today! 
Thanks for sharing. You're doing really well. IWNDWYT!
Thank you for telling your story. IWNDWYT and we're here for you!
Very scary but very honest. This is where I'm heading but I'm afraid to stop while I'm alone. 
Glad you decided to post thanks for your openness.  ..You are strong and with time you will heal and become even stronger...IWNDWYT
No need to be nervous posting here although I was 1 week ago - the people in here have helped me change my life this week - in fact I'd say they are the best people I have never met in person. I like that everyone here tells their experiences honestly in detail (good and bad) so I know that I'm not the only one going through it... .and I'm not the only one who Will Not Drink With You Today :) 
I've been very tempted to take a drink this afternoon but this has reminded me of why I need to stay sober. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing. I'm new here also reading everybody's stories are already helping alot. I will not drink with you today! (Sounds like a tattoo idea to me). Good luck!
Thank you for sharing your story. Life gets better. IWNDWYT
Wow-I needed to read this today. Thank you!!
Congratulations Comrade!  Welcome too!  
Welcome &amp; I certainly WNDWYT
Is all good nothing but good things ahead!
After a while you forget how bad it was ( meaning me) and reading your post reminded me why im doing this. Thanks Iwndwyt
Have you ever gone to a meeting?  
Welcome!
It ain't got shit to do with jebus...  unless that's what you're into...  I go to a meeting 5 or 6 times a week as a requirement for the program in which I have lived for the past 18 months...  I know that the accountability of being in a sober living environment has been the most important part of my sobriety...  that and hitting what I hope to be my last bottom.. Took me a long time to sincerely want to stop drinking..  before it was that I knew I needed to stop but i didn't actually want to stop....  idk this is the longest I've been sober since I started drinking.  I think the most important and one of the hardest things is accepting that I am an alcoholic therefore if I drink alcohol I will end up exactly where I was before I stopped.  
Thank you for sharing this. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! I too am new here and wanting to make changes to my life.
Thank you for sharing your story it helped me to share mine too. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome to SD.  Don't be nervous we've all been there!
Proud of you babe    
Thanks for sharing your story. It really helped me because these are my first days without alcohol. IWNDWYT.
"One's never alone with a rubber duck"  AA is not for me I understand that group can be very helpful for people and I have seen it work. Just because I am not in a group doesnt mean I am alone in this journey.  I have all of you my family and friends.  A good therapist helps too.  :)  .Thanks for your post.  .IWNDWYT 
