-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qpq1j/more_aware_of_drunks_now/

I watched a news clip of a woman ranting at someone in a Nail salon. Think in the US based on the accents. My first thought was 'She's Drunk' it's obviously middle of the day and the woman is drunk getting her nails done. As when I'm drunk I'm more 'Expressive' and will swear more and yeah I'm loud. ..I was speaking to a buddy tonight who's visiting in a few weeks and will crash at mine. I was explaining my period of being sober and he's also gone through the same things such as this and AA meetings. I recalled a story of my times sitting at bars recently where I'm around 'Drunk People' telling me long winded Stories that go nowhere and always have 'Oh yeah forgot what the point was was but anyway great talking to you'. I have been sitting there the whole time knowing its 'Me' the last few years in my Beer Nerd Bar @midnight when new people walk in. I will always tell people whats good on the list or random shit that is meaningless. ..I think its the times when I used to go back to my bar and the bar tenders were talking about how drunk I was the night before and I barely recall being in there or not thinking I had that many. The Sober Embarrassment phase sets in. ..I have to admit I'm struggling a bit these last few days as I'm bored. I feel like a beer (just one) I'm retreating from everyone. Today I've had more Junk food that I can care to think about. I know we can have bad days so I'm accepting this is one of mine. I calculated on by the 12th day of May I'd already spent $167 in bars/liquor stores so I can smile at that I can say I've saved that much so far in June. My total is $0 so far this month. :) ..Tonight I won't drink with you and I will sleep well through the night again! 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! The first 2 weeks are so hard. But keep going. I promise it gets easier. Working the steps has helped me immensely. 
Being bored is the worst. That's when I feel like drinking especially when I'm alone.  And I've found rediscovering hobbies kind of boring because I'm into different stuff now than before I was drinking. It's tough man good luck
The boredom is the killer.  I have picked up my guitar again which has been gathering dust for at least six months as well as getting out and about with my camera in the evening taking photos around the city something I couldn't do previously because I was way over the limit to drive.
Yep. Time to get a hobby   Fun is so important. Is there other fun things you can do that won't be a trigger? Watch some funny videos?
If tracking your savings motivates you get an app! I have EasyQuit Drinking and according to it as of today I've saved $1923. Of course I've actually spent every cent of this on stuff like workout clothes beauty treatments San Pellegrino megapacks from Costco and of course ice cream but at least that's $1923 that I've not just literally pissed right away. :)
