-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qxflq/my_so_is_a_drinker_and_im_struggling/

Three weeks in and I've finally hit my first wobble. ..My boyfriend and I have been together for 3 years and I've struggled with alcohol for the entirety of our relationship. He's incredibly supportive of my recovery...I didn't take sobriety seriously until recently. I used to think of it as a short\-term I'm\-gonna\-prove\-I\-have\-control everyone\-get\-off\-my\-back kinda thing. Now I see it as a lifelong change. I'm in a recovery programme. Again boyfriend is very supportive and tells me how proud he is of me almost every day. He's ridiculously loving and encouraging...But he's also very much a lads' lad. He and his friends watch football in the pub over a couple beers every week or so. They have a beer or two whenever they eat out together. They go on lads' holidays to get hammered. Very stereotypical boisterous British boys. In the past I was okay with him engaging in drinking behaviour. The only thing that made me uncomfortable was when he would call me while drunk \- which he did every other week \- and so he stopped drinking as much and I hadn't received a drunk phone call in months...Tonight however he went to a pub after work. The first thing he said was "Sorry I stayed out so late but I was having so much fun!!!" ..And immediately my stomach just dropped. He sounded so drunk and so happy. He'd had such a great evening. He was telling me about how good of a time he'd had with his friends and how he knows its late and he's gonna be hungover but who cares?! He had so much fun!!!..Man I felt like shit. A massive part of what started my problem drinking was thinking that the only way I could have fun was if I were drunk. It's taken me quite a while to realise that that's absolutely not true but hearing my boyfriend talk about an evening out drinking in such a normal non\-alcoholic way made me feel like absolute shit. I told him I felt uncomfortable talking to him while he was drunk and the penny dropped for him. He wouldn't stop apologising and telling me he won't do it again telling me how proud he is of me etc. But I couldn't shake the feeling of wanting to be drunk too. I wanted to feel the way he felt all happy and excited and drunk *oh so drunk*...I've been riding on a sober high for a few weeks now and hitting the first bump has made me come crashing down. I feel like such a loser for not being able to enjoy something so ordinary in our society. I feel like I'll never be normal like I'm the lesser person in my relationship because he's so normal and I'm so fucked up. I feel like this stupid label of "alcoholic" is going to loom over me for the rest of my life and I'm going to be pointlessly running from it forever. I feel like shit...Still I'd rather feel like shit than be dead. So there's that at least. ..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I went though something very similar. I dated this girl for over three years and I was about a year sober when we first began to date. She was six years younger than I and was incredibly social happy and loved to dance to live music. Well I was just the opposite especially as I was just truly grasping my identity as a sober alcoholic. It was definitely very difficult for me to be home in bed at 1am while she was out having fun. Like you I was envious of her ability to enjoy drinking and socializing while seemingly holding it all together...If I could go back and do it again I would definitely make more of an attempt to go out dancing with her and be more apart of her social scene especially because she always encouraged me to join her. Being home alone some nights definitely drove a wedge between us over time and I began to resent her (although I was just projecting my frustrations with my own addiction and my inability to let go and dance)...Mostly my fault and my stubborn pride...Anyway I hope you figure it out!
Your boyfriend sounds supportive but a little out of his element. Most normies are! That's why many of us find success spending time here or in AA or other recovery groups. This crew knows how you feel and the support is a little more informed. I hope you check in with him when he is sober to reaffirm your need to be left off the drunk dial list :) From the sound of it he will be happy to comply...Alcoholic is only a useful label if I use it to inform myself about my limitations when it comes to drinking and my tendencies to over-do the emotions and obsessions even when I'm not drinking. It's a reminder to myself to keep working on becoming more comfortable with my true self instead of manipulating the world around me to try and distract with a mask or bandaid. If I use the label alcoholic to beat myself up and throw pity parties over my past mistakes it becomes useless.
Thank you for posting. That last paragraph is everything I've been feeling today. You are not alone! IWNDWYT.
Hang in there lady! My bf and I had very very similar struggles. My drinking was a trigger for him and after a few epic fights we figured out our stride. I actually ended up becoming sober temporarily in an effort to limit extra triggers around him and I also started reading through the Al-Anon books just to start understanding how to better support him. I meant well for sure in knowing that I loved him very much liked him as a sober person and wanted to have a future with him. But I was out of my league when it came to knowing how to do that. Those books and getting some perspective from not drinking myself were really incredible tools to get us to where we are now. My temporary sobriety in joining him ended up becoming a permanent thing and now it feels like we are on the same ship steering in the same direction. ..One of the best things I learned was how to detach from his emotions when he was figuring things out. It's hard to be newly sober because you are figuring out a new identity so to speak and that can be frustrating at times. And when you want to just feel frustrated by all this crap you sometimes can be resentful or upset with the people closest to you. I had to learn that when he was feeling these kinds of things like what you're feeling now I had to choose to really not take it personal. Sometimes I would be stubborn and tell myself that he just wanted to be controlling or whatever. But every time I chose to put myself in his shoes I could see he wasn't actually upset that I went to dinner after work and had some wine. He was upset that he couldn't. Or that if he had he'd want a drink in ten seconds flat. And he was still processing that and creating new habits to replace the old ones. Better healthier ones.  ..Everybody is different and every relationship is different but for us honest and open communication was the backbone of all of this. It sounds like your man really respects you and the journey you're on so I feel like this will be something you will grow through together. ..I don't have much great advice but just wanted to share some encouragement! &lt;3 IWNDWYT
