-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qxr9t/i_quit_drinking_at_the_beginning_of_the_month/

Long read ahead apologies. Lots of things I need to get out. I'll post a tl;dr at the end for everybody!..I made a post on June 1st and I really felt that I had finally understood why I had to stop drinking. I still feel that I did but I was still missing something. I was still in a not great situation at home due to a housemate that kept delaying moving out and was stressing me out. Something else happened I honestly can't remember what but that along with what felt like mounting withdrawals I caved and drank again. I drank for about a week until I ended up blacking out and waking up on my office floor (again). ..I woke up got in bed then passed back out. I woke up to phone calls from my sole housemate (who is one of my closest friends the other one who kept partying and drinking despite me telling her I was an alcoholic and would appreciate it if she kept it out of the house) and from my manager at work who was wondering if I was alright since at that point I was an hour late. I showered tried to walk past my friend's door and she could clearly tell something was wrong. I mumbled that I was okay and quickly went to work before she could ask more questions...After I got home from work she confronted me about it and asked what was going on. She's known I've had issues with alcohol for a while so I confessed that I relapsed and got incredibly black out drunk the night before. She and I talked about it for an hour then went on a car ride and talked about it more. I was determined to stop drinking and I was going to do it that day. Towards the end of our ride I started feeling pressure mounting in my head and words kept coming slower and slower. My head felt like it was buzzing and it started feeling like I was high in a bad way I could only focus on one thought at a time and I kept feeling like I was going to forget how to even drive. It felt like I was barely in my body. I was terrified I was going to have a seizure before we got home which we finally did. We both walked into the house and I waited for her to go to her room before I walked to the liquor store and bought a pint of whiskey. My friends owned a store nearby so I hid in their bathroom and started portioning out shots. After a few hours and several trips to the bathroom (I'd hid the pint in the garbage) I started to feel more coherent and more in my own body. The whole experience was absolutely terrifying...The next day (last Saturday) I was absolutely determined to stop drinking. Not quit. Retire it. I knew I couldn't just quit cold turkey so I portioned it out. On Friday I'd started experiencing withdrawal around 7PM. I got home that Saturday at 3:00PM and took my first portion. I was pacing myself carefully until 4:30PM rolled around and I felt the same feelings as the day before hit me. And they were even worse this time. I tried drinking more but I don't know if it was too little too late but it kept getting worse to the point where I could barely form thoughts. I finally called 911. The fire truck rolled up first and they got out and started talking to me. I don't know how I kept up a conversation my heart was racing my hands were trembling I was dizzy and completely out of it. The EMTs finally showed up and got me loaded up. I told the EMT everything my drinking history my plan for tapering off how I was tired of drinking. He told me that he understood that a lot of members of his family had died of alcoholism and he got to see how bad it was every day of his job. ..I got to the ER and spoke to the nurses in there and told them the same thing. I was completely open and honest (despite still feeling completely out of it) with everyone who talked to me. They gave me Ativan to prevent any seizures and help with the rapid withdrawal symptoms and others to help me with my blood pressure (which had hit around 225/150 at that point). I'd never even heard of Ativan but I'm grateful for it. They got a social worker to come in and talk to me which felt really good. ..After a few hours they transferred me to a room to stay overnight while they monitored my vitals and I had wonderful talks with the nurses that night. Everybody I opened up to I made sure to be completely honest without fear of judgment. Without fail every single one of them understood and opened up about family and friends that were close to that had dealt with the same thing I was dealing with. Not all of them were still alive. Just like the EMTs it didn't feel like they were trying to make me feel better. They really did understand and were proud I was recovering. One of them even stuck around to hang out and we just talked about horror movies and art after I'd told her that a big part of the reason that I drank was because I had consistent nightmares because of an anxiety disorder which had actually fueled a lot of my own art and work in freelance illustration. It was amazing to feel accepted like that. ..Every new shift of nurses I made a point to explain why I was there to fill in the gaps where their medical details didn't often the nurses from the shift before would explain my history before I got the chance. I ended up being there for two days and nights usually bored out of my mind and sleep deprived because they had to wake me up every hour or so to check for vitals and test for any withdrawal symptoms. Aside from a lady I'd been dating on and off bringing me pizza (weirdest date I've ever had eating pizza on my hospital bed with a woman while withdrawing from alcohol). By Monday my hands no longer shook my blood pressure was down to reasonable levels my head felt clearer than it had in a while. I was discharged with a very low dosage of a blood pressure medication and I walked home instead of calling for an Uber. I could feel the fatigue and I was sweating so much but I was just so happy to be out and free from worrying about withdrawing anymore...I had messaged all of my close friends and family during my stay letting all of them know that I had relapsed and ended up in the hospital being completely open and honest without fear of judgment. My dad (who works as a PA) called me to make sure I was alright. I told him I had relapsed and was trying to taper off so I could quit without withdrawal...Him: "Next time you decide to do that call me first."..Me: "Why so you can help me set up a taper schedule?"..Him: "No so I can tell you not to fucking do that."..As soon as I got home I took a long shower. I was sleep\-deprived fatigued sweaty and I smelled like ripe shit. Thankfully my work had me covered (I had texted my manager and let her know that I was in the ER for alcohol withdrawal) for another day so I could rest. I started moving furniture around and cleaning up around the house and had to stop every fifteen minutes because my hands were trembling and I was sweating profusely. I thought I was having withdrawals but I realized I was just that tired and fatigued from everything. I switched my bedroom and office moving my bedroom to the smaller room and turning my larger room into an actual office/art studio with everything I needed to get back into illustration coding and writing. The next day was better but I still had to take lots of breaks. ..Today was my first day back to work. Only my manager knew what I'd gone to the ER for everybody else thought I'd just taken a few days off to relax. One of my older coworkers asked how my weekend went so I said "It wasn't great I ended up in the ER for alcohol withdrawal and ended up spending two nights there for observation." She was surprised she didn't know I drank that much. I told her I did and that I just wanted to be open and honest because I didn't think it was anything to be ashamed about and that pretty much everybody either dealt with addiction problems or knows somebody who does. She asked me if I had any hallucinations when I was withdrawing. I hadn't. Turns out that she'd been a major alcoholic when she was younger and almost died from it and she really appreciated me being open about it. A few of my other coworkers had the same reaction they'd all known somebody who had died or was dealing with it. One of them even realized when I was describing my withdrawal symptoms that she'd experienced something similar a few weeks back on a much lower scale...All of this to say is that I feel like I'm back on the right track. Or well I hadn't actually left the track but had been stopped at Withdrawal Station and needed help shoveling that coal back into the engine because I literally was not healthy enough to keep going because I'd beaten my engine to shit with bad fuel. Taking an emergency trip to the ER and the hospital stay was like having mechanics fix my engine up to make me rail\-worthy again. ..Taking a few days to just be with myself (and a lot of random nurses and doctors interrupting occasionally) really gave me a lot of time to think and plan how I would stay healthy. I don't know if I even like thinking of it as being sober and I especially don't like thinking about it as "quitting drinking". I'm retiring from the drinking game while I still can. I've had a pretty fantastic batting average when it comes to that but I'm too old for the game now even at 32. But the game will kill me if I play any longer and I can never return to it. I'll leave that to the people who feel fine stepping up to bat once in a while not playing their hearts out every single day like I'd been. ..To all of you thinking about retiring from the game remember that it's a very dangerous game and can end a lot of playing careers regardless of age or skill level. It's best to get out while you still can before it ends your playing career before you even see the end coming. ..Tl;dr: Tried to taper off after suffering withdrawals ended up in the ER and hospital for several days. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you made it through!  Retiring from drinking is a good thing.  I'm officially retired.  I'm going to do my best to enjoy it one day at a time  ..I wish you the best! IWNDWYT 
I'm glad you're safe and sober. ..Stick with us here. Check in as often as you need to or slide over to the IRC chat room which you can find on the sidebar. ..Have you thought about checking out a meeting (AA SMART etc) to get an in-person sober network too? ..I also ended up in the ER with withdrawals and that is scary as hell. Thank you for sharing your story. 
I ended up in the ER to detox as well. I'm still surprised by how well I was treated especially by the nurses. 
I had a similar experience to yours. Not fun. Glad you're feeling better. It just gets better and less sweaty each and every day. IWNDWYT   
I had hangovers toward the end where I felt like I was going to die. I don't think I ever admitted to myself how dangerous what I was doing was. I'm 31 now and while we aren't geezers or anything alcohol definitely is a young person's thing... after the mid-20s it's all downhill and downhill fast. ..So glad your are okay. I won't drink with you today.
Reading your story makes me think I should have gone to the hospital a couple of weeks back when I had my last drink and that I probably narrowly avoided some really bad shit...Thank you for sharing.
Your story is as harrowing as it is inspirational. My biggest fear is ending up in the ER for some alcohol related malady. Your experience is enough to keep me from relapsing because you're right; alcohol does not discriminate based on age and usage. If I continued down the path I was on I'd either end up in the ER or the morgue. I'd rather not go to either
