-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qy0cj/a_kind_gesture_helped_me_stay_sober_today/

I have been struggling recently with increased cravings and more emotions than I would like to deal with. Yesterday I had lots of intrusive thoughts of buying alcohol and consuming it quickly before my girlfriend got home. I was 90% of the way there and I forced myself to go home first eat something healthy first. I ended up falling asleep at 6pm until my girlfriend got home. I didn't drink...Today I had some of the same thoughts. I had made a plan last week to check out a women for sobriety meeting tonight. My first sobriety meeting of any kind. Throughout the day I kept thinking about how instead of going to the meeting I could go have a few drinks and come home later since I planned to be out for this meeting anyway. I felt more and more like this was a good idea. I even bought some gum just in case. ..I got an email from the group leader reminding me of the time and location. To her it may have been a small gesture but it knocked the wind out of me. It felt so welcoming and easy to just show up. To just not drink but to go do this one thing for one hour today. The group was small but very nice and positive. I stopped and got some ginger beer (non-alcoholic) and flavored soda water on my way home. I didn't drink today and I feel a little emotional about it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job staying sober and positive today. We see you suiting up and showing up. 
We never know what little act of kindness may make a big difference for someone. Congratulations to you on staying sober today!IWNDWYT 
[removed]
What a beautiful day.  .iwndwyt
Hey so happy for you. I feel like getting past a hard craving is a big step in sobriety nice work :)
Congratulations!!!  So happy that you had such a great experience.  You are right \- sometimes just the smallest sincere gesture can turn someone's whole day around.
Degenerate.
Great story and great reminder to make those seemingly small gestures. Thank you for sharing it with us!
That's awesome!..Stop by AoK Monday and share if you'd like!
Awesome job. I had a similar thought yesterday actually when my girlfriend texted me at work to let me know she was going to be a couple hours late getting home. My first thought was  oh man I could buy a couple tall boys and a pack of smokes on the way home .  ..Glad we both didn't. And I will not drink with you today too.  
