-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r5q18/noooo_i_failed_this_is_terrible/

Ugh there I was feeling so good about this sobriety journey. And then bam. "Let's see how it goes" I said. "Just one glass of wine at a networking event can't hurt" I thought...BOY was I wrong. One glass became three became six became stopping on the way home to buy MORE wine and then drinking alone into the night. I can't moderate and alcohol is not part of a healthy lifestyle for me...So back to day one. I just submitted a badge reset. What have I learned? That one drink is never going to be just one in my case. And that keeping myself accountable (by posting here potentially going to meetings though I haven't yet) is key for my process...Another major deterrent: my raging hangover. Not sleeping waking up with horrific anxiety. Shambling through an all-day conference. Feeling alternately exhausted and buzzing from all of the shame and nervous energy. Worried that I might puke while watching a keynote speech. Barely making it through these last hours of the day just waiting to curl up in bed and try to forget the world...I'm better than this. If the last month has taught me anything it's that living alcohol free brings so so so sooo many benefits. It's given me my life back again. ..Any words of encouragement from those who have relapsed and made it back here would be so appreciated. How do you MAINTAIN your sobriety once you've conquered the first few weeks? It's amazing how quickly I reverted right back into old patterns. I could use an internet hug too. :(..Thanks for being there SD. I appreciate each and every one of you...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! You accomplished a lot with 40 days and built strength...What has helped me has been coming here every day. Participating here a lot helps to rewire my brain about drinking.  ..In addition I decided I have to choose between everything I love and living itself and the bottle.  It's that simple.  If I drink there is no life no hope.   If I stay sober I feel life and hope.  Coming to terms with that choice helped me...I would use the relapse as a learning experience and pick up right where you left off.  Best of luck to you! I'm rooting for you! IWNDWYT 
Internet hug to you friend! The good thing is that you learned you can't moderate so please try not to be so hard on yourself. I know you feel like crap now but it's a learning opportunity. ..I "play the tape forward" to discourage myself when I'm having a craving. I know how it will end up so I don't take the first sip. I also come here everyday. Some people have AA SMART or Refuge Recovery but this is my support group and it helps to keep me sober. ..IWNDWYT
Hug for you bud.I did the same recently and I found that it made my resolve stronger after the initial days of feel sorry for myself and been gutted I let myself down. Head up mate we got it this time  Iwndwyt 
[removed]
We saved your spot on the wagon.Welcome back.Keep on fightingyou can do this.I will not drink with you today.
For some people (like myself) naltrexone and the Sinclair Method really helps kill those urges. It works for around 80% of the people who try it so it might be something for you to consider. Good luck. 
A relapse is not a fail to me. Sometimes it's a wake up call. Moderation is not a thing in my world and every relapse is more research that supports that fact. At some point we have to be kind to ourselves and trust what our bodies have been telling us-- instead of running it into he ground because we think we know better! Big hugs because you deserve to be sober. I can hear it in your post here. You're ready!..I maintained sobriety by doubling down on attending AA meetings and focusing my efforts on being of service to others. While I felt like I didn't have much to give my sponsor encouraged me to reach out and share my experience strength and hope. If I have one day I have more than some. I also made a commitment to be honest and thorough with step work. If you aren't familiar with the 12 steps they basically break down into accepting life as it happens (instead of trying to control it all) cleaning house so you can move forward (your past resentments and mistakes) and maintaining an emotional sobriety that allows you to live your best life (and be a functional happy member of society). Sometimes people get wrapped up in the religious stuff. Despite what well-meaning but over-zealous people say if you can admit that the world does not revolve around you you've got the higher power thing down. It is probably the most important part of AA that has helped me stay sober. I'm not in control of everyone and everything I just take the actions I need to live my best life everyday. It's a relief! I'm not required to run the show anymore. This has kept me out of my old patterns of trying too hard -&gt; getting hurt -&gt; drowning my sorrows. I am free of that noise and living and learning every day!..Good luck to you. Thank you for coming back and doing this with us!
Internet hug to you!!  I wrote down all of the reasons that drinking was negatively impacting my life and all of the benefits choosing sobriety was bringing to my life.  And I literally recited these lists to myself as I drove to work.  Much like checking in here on SD daily it was a way of keeping my focus on sobriety and the more I kept this list a priority the more it ingrained itself into my consciousness.  I also envisioned what "just one drink" *really* felt like looked like and how I would feel the next day right down to almost feeling the nausea.  The more I did that the more I had a negative physical reaction when I thought about drinking.  Essentially I was retraining my brain to not associate drinking with the fleeting pleasure but with the deeper pain and discomfort that drinking really embodies for me.  And for the first 6 months of sobriety I went to a SMART meeting so I had some real-life support and socializing with folks who got it.  Keeping my focus on sobriety was the key so I couldn't be lulled into complacency and convince myself that I could moderate.  The stories here on SD from folks who have relapsed after considerable time sober are also quite convincing.  Keep at it I have yet to regret choosing freedom over the chains of drinking!
