-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r8xmz/my_first_bad_day_at_108_days_sober/

Today I have not touched a single drink in 108 days. The longest I have ever been sober before a relapse is 114 days and as I get closer to that mark I can feel the anxiety building. ..The more time I get the more I find myself questioning whether I can really do this for the rest of my life. I know they say to take it one day at a time but it's only natural to look ahead sometimes- and that's exactly what I am doing right now. My alcoholism has been waiting 108 days for this. My alcoholism has been waiting 108 days for me to feel weak and vulnerable following my every move in hopes that I'd slip up.....However I have been in sobriety long enough now that I know *this too shall pass.* If you're reading this and you're having "one of those days" like I am I want you to know that I will not drink with you today. Hang in there guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on how well you have done so far. You may feel vulnerable but to me you are in this time of strength. You got to keep choosing to put yourself first. Such a great post. IWNDWYT 
I got antsy at 5 months 8 months and 11 months - whenever I came up close to a significant-to-me milestone. It passed for me and I expect it'll do so for you too...If you were starting to feel like "fuck it" that'd be different but you clearly value your sobriety. I think you'll be fine.
I've taught myself that my "day count" my quantity has almost no relation to the quality of my sobriety. ..In my prior attempts there have been days and days that passed and I'd be struggling with obsessive drinking thoughts gritting my jaw watching that clock tick. I was grinding away the days in the hope I would eventually feel better. I'd start my day scared and miserable and say to myself *"at least I'm x months sober* ..Changing and improving my life is my 24 hour goal. It's my "day at a time". Instead of waking up thinking only *"oh I just don't have to drink today"* I taught myself to think *"what can I do to improve and change myself today?"*. Or maybe *"how can I show love to myself and others today?"* ..Also learning to not project into the future (fortune telling) is a challenge. It's a trap I can often fall into. If I'm having a rough day it's hard not to think negatively about my future. But if I take stock in what I have what I'm doing *today* for my recovery and compare it to where I came from the future looks quite a bit brighter...Keep up the good work and thanks for the great sharing!
My sister has a bracelet that says  this too shall pass .  Words to live by.
I got to day 90+ last time.  This time around I've learned thanks to this sub PAWS (post acute withdrawal symptom) is a real thing. It can last up to two years. The brain is healing. If the temptation to pretend that drinking poison is awesome again pops up I tell myself that I must be healing a deep pocket in my brain. These stupid thoughts are surfacing as new healthy neuronal connections are being laid down to replace those old addict pathways.  It's the damaged pathway's last gasp. Let that brain scab fall off and enjoy the new skin. 
You deserve better than ingesting toxic poison. If my mind wants to keep returning to an evil place I talk with friends. Idle minds are the devils workshop. IWNDWYT 
I've had similar thoughts lately too. I make my mind fast forward to the desperate want for MORE MORE MORE and the staggering the blackout the hangover . . . and the fact that  I'd be drinking poison...IWNDWYT
