-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r9kix/what_relapsing_feels_like/

The morning after relapsing feels like you just bought a new house then torched it to the ground and now you're going to make mortgage payments on an empty burned out husk.....Until you realize that all you have to do is to start building it back up from the bottom.  ..(a coworker / fellow alcoholic and I were talking about our experiences and this thought popped into my head.)
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck relapses.. Had they never existed id never struggle everyday like the way I do 
Well said - it's the thought of all that building back up again from the bottom is my final stopping place when the Lizard brain starts up. Just such a horrendous prospect...I'll keep living in this house :).
I've fallen into the  well I already screwed up might as well keep drinking  trap. It is so brutal. ..The one day at a time thing took me awhile to get. It makes things so much easier! Happy beautiful summer Friday!!!!!
so many different kind of relapses. they're all horrible. the one you describe for sure the worst. the other ones: you get lucky and somehow do moderate that one time. and then you feel the switch in your brain: "wow I can drink now! I know I should still cut back but..." bleh.
I have never had anything but a total relapse. Never had one and quit again. Hell never even had a one night slip and quit again. Every time is more than a week. Often more than a month. Every. Single. Time. . . Damn!
My relapse after over a year without drinking...had one glass of wine to test the waters...several weeks without...a couple more drinks on vacation...week without...drink at a baseball game...and I just feel miserable every time exhausted guilty and depressed. I average only 1-3 drinks at a time. The worst part if I even have a sip of alcohol I don't sleep well. Today is the first day that I'm going back to being completely alcohol free and it is such a relief. I hate worrying about whether or not I should or will drink. The decision is made. I'm not drinking.
Relapsing is like accidentally deleting all your progress in a video game that you've put a lot of time into. You still know how far you got in the game but without a system to keep track of it it might as well have never happened. 
You are so right - It's the worst experience.  I am committed to not ever feeling like this again! IWNDWYT
Regret because what I really want deep down is to be healthy.  Me Drinking alcohol doesn't fit the term healthy.
That's a great analogy!
