-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rebgu/cant_replace_alcohol/

Having just over 4 months sober I understand I'm still relatively new here.  But as of lately I have been having more cravings than when I initially quit.  My cravings mostly have to do with really really wanting the feeling that alcohol gave me back again.  Just doing everything that I do now but with alcohol involved seems so amazing and I can't get the thought out of my head.  Whether I'm playing video games working playing music whatever the situation may be I can't stop thinking about how infinitely better it would be with alcohol.  It's almost like there's no reason for me to do any of these things without alcohol.  ...I know that there were bad times associated with my heavy drinking a lot of them actually.  But I just can't get that euphoria back from anything else and it is constantly driving me crazy.  If I could just drink the way I want to like once or twice a month I feel like that might be enough to get me through as I would at least have something to look forward to but everyone talks about as soon as you start again you can't stop.  I'm struggling to find reasons to live a sober life right now.
----------immediate responses--------

All you remember is the euphoria. Our brains do not allow us yo remember pain. It is a survival mechanism. Without it there is not a woman on the planet that would have a second child. ..Three things worked for me to eventually eliminate the cravings. .1. Time 2. Reminding myself why I quit and the consequences of taking the first drink 3. Working a solid recovery program in AA including meetings working the steps and working with others to stay sober. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm fresh off a "I'm only going to drink once or twice" a month kick that rapidly became a 3-4 x week thing... It's funny when I don't drink I romanticize the old feelings of drinking and forget about the bad stuff like memory lapse hangovers etc. ..When I am actively drinking I can't remember the good feelings I had when I'm sober. I'm just starting to get that back and it's infinitely more better. Even when it's boring and lackluster in feeling. 
I used to be a daily weed smoker and 3-4x weekly drinker. Heavy binging of both on weekends. Got 2 DUIs in the past 5 years and chose to go through a program to get the 2nd off my record. This involves 2 years of sobriety with regular drug tests and treatment/regular AA attendance. ..I was unable to imagine life without either substance. Told myself I'll just bite the bullet because the payoff is worth it. I'm almost finished with my program but I can tell you there's no desire to go back to my old lifestyle. ..There was no specific point in time when I decided this it's just that my life has drastically improved on all fronts. Exercise helps a ton. Get some endorphins running through you and find a new activity that gets you excited. I started rock climbing and trust me when you get high up enough you'll certainly get a rush of adrenaline and euphoria for conquering the climb. ..Good luck stick with it iwndwyt
I've felt your exact feeling and it is what has caused me to talk myself into  moderation  plenty of times. That being said you really have to manually walk yourself through all the bad that comes with that temporary  good. ..For me the anxiety and depression the way I look like an absolute mess for days after a bender the way I isolate myself from my friends and family etc. That cost is wayyyy too high for a night of  fun. 
You don't enjoy those things without alcohol because you don't enjoy your own company yet. You've passed the honeymoon phase of being sober it seems and now is typically the hardest part to get through. But you can do it if you it a day at a time and start working on yourself. ..Give it time. This too shall pass. You will find at some point that you enjoy all of those things even more now that it's not clouded by alcohol.
I have been trapped on this merry go round on and off for years. Can't I just enjoy myself and drink like a normal person? For me the answer no. Besides that my consequences have gotten worse over the last couple of years. Wrecked my car for the first time. Went to jail for the first time. You are the only one who can decide when you have hit bottom and you want off. We are here for you.
I had about 122 days and the same thoughts came into my head. I didn't remember that bad times and only focused on the good times... and I relapsed. It has taken me 4 months or so to be able to string together 10 days sober again. A whole lot of benders and bad decisions. Some good thoughts that I'm using as inspiration to stay sober is being very productive in every aspect of life. Something I could never do while drinking. Drinking I did the bare minimum just to get through life. It's only been 10 days but so far so good. 
Here's my thought process pretty much every weekend at about a year and a half sober. I think "Why not pick up a six pack or go out for a few drinks with friends it'll be easier to socialize and people will like me better and it's not like I have to get up for work" the same kind of stuff every alcoholic thinks. But then I remember the reality of what will happen. I'll have two beers the apprehension about having more will totally vanish due to the effect of the alcohol and I'll end up drunk. In the morning I'll wake up hungover and think "I'll just pick up another six pack have a couple to take the edge off.." and there I am right back at square one. It's really challenging. My brain always tries to convince me to regress to go back to patterns of behavior that are destructive to my mind and body and put me around other people with substance abuse issues leading to bad relationships and just overall misery...I really feel for your struggle and I think it just takes a lot of time and hard work. It's definitely easier to not drink now than it was a year ago or even a month ago. It gets easier and as time goes on I have more and more moments of true contentment and joy in my life. Honestly if you want to have something to look forward to that's something you need to learn how to create. You need to do the work to discover a real thing that will bring joy to your life instead of using alcohol to make the normal everyday stuff we do feel rewarding and pleasurable. Changing your life in that way is where the real work lies for me and I suspect it might for you too. Hang in there IWDWYTD.
Have you read This Naked Mind Control Alcohol by Annie Grace? I highly recommend it as it will change how you think about alcohol and see it for the poison it is...It has changed my life for the better and I can easily dismiss cravings by using some logic I gained from the book.
On e you figure out how to turn a pickle back into a cucumber then you can turn an alcoholic back into a normal drinker....... Just doesn't happen... "It is the great obsession of EVERY abnormal drinker that one day he will be able to control and enjoy his drinking" that's from the book alcoholics anonymous we all want to up back to the hood old days.... But they are gone never to return... What lays ahead is a whole new better sober life trust me I'm 9 yrs sober and accomplished so much with my life.... Keep on keeping on
Good share.  I relate to what you're saying- it's really easy to forget the bad stuff! ..Yes with booze the highs are higher but the lows are fucking terrible am I right?  For me there were dry heaves from the anxiety shaking hands brushing my teeth and shaving feelings of dread for no reason.   It's just so illogical what we can put ourselves through for that momentary FAKE relief...Sobriety gives you okay highs but holy fuck does it have lesser lows.  My anxiety is all but gone.  And as I hope to hit a year coming up soon the cravings are all but non-existent.  ..Stay the course it gets better and better!  It becomes less of an obsession too (but still an obsession nonetheless!)
&gt;I just can't get that euphoria back from anything else ..For me "euphoria" isn't a real thing.  It was an extremely temporary perception that I had to chase and might last a few minutes. I couldn't recapture it that night either.  Perhaps two drinks gave me a taste of it but then it was five and by the time I quit there was no euphoria anywhere just brain/body-numbing fog. I am reminded of Buddhism -- which says that all suffering is rooted in desire and attachment.  So I'm working on not wanting what I perceived as euphoria but rather learning to really feel whatever it is I feel when I feel it.  I tell you the euphoria I feel looking at a 200 ft waterfall feels a lot more "real" than what I thought I felt when I was drinking.  ..And FWIW moderation doesn't work for me at all -- after over 11 years of sobriety I tried it.  That 1-2x month never existed.  Every rule I set for myself I broke within days and my drinking ended up being way worse than before I had stopped the previous time. That being said I have an opinion that until you are ready to get sober because you absolutely know you *want* to be sober you will try to find a way to not be.  And I don't mean that in a judgmental way more that *it* ***is*** *hard to stay sober* and the experience of life without alcohol is very different from the experience of life with alcohol. It's about choosing every day that that is the life I want however it comes and whether I "like" it or not.  I know where the other one leads and I won't go there again. Blessings friend.
I needed to read these posts this morning.Feeling very sorry for myself! .IWNDWYT x
I was at about three months this time last year and started up again to disastrous results.  3 months is when I get terminally bored.  You at you can drink and be miserable or not drink and be miserable so net/net doesn't matter.  If that's true then maybe consider the impact to others as a tiebreaker?  I'm going to try to keep my family more front of mind.
I'm in a similar situation. Been seeing a therapist about it and she's been recommending meditation over and over. It's helping quite a lot. I'm starting to be able to meditate on that euphoria (I call it "fuzzy numbs") to the point where I can almost feel that glorious feeling 1 to 3 drinks gives me...Of course I extend the meditation into what 3 4 and 6 drinks feels like because we all know that's what is going to happen eventually. And I sit with that for a while. And when I come back to the present all I feel is gratitude for clarity and clean state of mind...Addiction to alcohol is clever. It will make you think you're enhancing these situations but you're really not at all. It's a numbing agent and it blocks memory receptors. So you're not experiencing the full range of the experience nor are you remembering it as well...I highly recommend you try meditation and really sitting with that craving and everything you.think you miss about it. You will likely come out the other end realizing it was in you all along. 
My husband started four wheeling alot and it helped him to get that fixed. Maybe some adventure is what your really craving.
