-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rglkw/im_struggling_i_know_why_i_got_sober_in_the_first/


----------immediate responses--------

Hey! I wont drink with you today! Take it hour by hour go for a walk. Do some jumping jacks make some food. Do something to distract yourself! 
Stay strong! Staying sober is always worth it to me.  Sending you positive thoughts! IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Eat something sweet. It worked for me 100% of the time.
Acceptance is the key to all my problems. I have to stop fighting things persons and places and my cravings go away. 
Hang in there kiddo. IWNDWYT 
Hey! Make sure you play the non drinking tape forward too! You'll wake up tomorrow without a hangover you'll feel great and you'll be like  hey those hours of uncomfortable cravings didn't stand a chance and now I have a full day to enjoy 
I second the suggestion to eat something sweet. I had an odd craving come out of the blue the other day and I killed it with a few Junior Mints (bonus: they're very refreshing!). Focus on how proud you'll be of yourself when you wake up tomorrow morning feeling refreshed. 
I find chocolate immensely therapeutic too! Just head home and hole up in bed if you can. All you have to do is make into that bed. Or call a friend hop on the chat  write out a pros/cons list...You got this! IWDWYT!!
What helped me was thinking about doing those brutal early days over again -OH gah I never want to do that first month ever again !!!!
You can do this beautiful!.I won't drink with you 
Listen to Rachel hart podcasts take a break from drinking it deals with cravings it's a life saver
There's the HALT - hungry angry lonely tired. so eat scream go hang out with someone and fall asleep there...  Also stay physically cool... and drink something sweet like juice. Drink a bunch of water and juice and turn the AC on.
From someone who's only done two weeks 145 days seems incredible and you're soooo close to six months. Would love to get there.  Keep going. 
Weekend mornings are a great reminder why I got sober. Never seen them before and spent Saturday covered in remorse and regret. Join me in my new addiction.....chocolate. This too needs addressing but not quit yet!! Stay strong
Hang tight I was just there last week. Still have the occasional craving. Ice cream and chocolate have been my BFF'S this week. And I make it rain La Croix   (a sense of humor helps too lol). ..I give in to my non-alcohol cravings. Coffee at 6pm? Sure. An extra scoop of ice cream with fudge? Hell yeah. Popcorn for dinner? Why not? ..For now it works. You got this you really do. Give yourself some extra care treat yo'self! What you're going through is tough so some extra TLC is needed :) 
Hi there. Did you make it through all right? You're doing a real job here. Stay true IWNDWYT 
