-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rh6nh/you_are_not_broken_and_you_are_a_good_person_day/

Hi! It's been a little while since I've posted so I wanted to come share how I'm managing to dodge a relapse. ..It's been 34 days for me and I'm starting feeling like a brand new person. The person I am without alcohol; a good funny responsible and loving person. I haven't been able to make it this long without relapsing before and I suspect that it's working because I have been practicing honesty with myself and giving A.A. a real shot. ..It's tough work but I'm getting adjusted to it. I've found immense relief and peace through honesty and sobriety. I've been going to A.A. meetings a lot and found a sponsor on my 31st day. I've made an effort to try to share something each meeting. In the past when I tried A.A. I never introduced myself or shared. Sharing at meetings helps me stay honest with myself and connect with the other people in the room...This morning as I was working on the computer I decided I would treat myself to some vodka mixers tonight because my kids and boyfriend are out of town and I can do whatever I want and no one will know. So I planned to go to the liquor store after I was done with my work. Moments later one of the ladies from AA texted me and asked how I was doing...and I told her about my plan. I WAS HONEST WITH SOMEONE ABOUT DRINKING AND DIDN'T LIE. This is such a big deal for me...A month ago I would have dodged the text and I would have gone and gotten drunk. After I told her my plan I called my sponsor who told me to find a meeting to go to. I finished up my work day ran some errands and I was done with those I went to an evening Young People's A.A. meeting we all went out to dinner afterwards it was so neat to see such a large group where no one ordered drinks and laughed and had fun sober.  After dinner I drove home FaceTimed with my boyfriend who told me how proud he is of me I got cleaned up and crawled into bed sober and wrote this. No stumbling around the house drunk trying to find the bed and bumping into the walls!! Yay!!!..Thanks for helping me stay sober SD...I never really understood what people meant when they said that other alcoholics keep them sober but I do now...Good night sweet dreams and I will not drink with you tomorrow!...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting this. Well done. 
[removed]
Thumbs up! 
That's awesome great job!!!
When I first joined AA during the moment of silence I would say to myself "Someone here today is going to say something that I need to hear. May I be aware when this moment happens."  ..Then I would visualize my Higher Power standing beside my chair and just behind me. When someone would say something in a share that struck home I would imagine my HP grabbing me by the back of the head and slamming my forehead on the table. I'm THAT stubborn that I had to create a fantasy scenario of being told to listen up.  ..There's a ton of wisdom in the rooms. This early conditioning put me in the habit of actually listening instead of waiting for my turn to speak. Don't get me wrong AA is far from being a perfect organization and you might have to sift through a lot of manure to find the nuggets of gold. But those gold nuggets will keep a glass out of your hand.
