-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rikgj/just_a_random_thought_and_gratitude/

I've had much harder cravings to get drunk than last night but I still  toyed with the idea of getting a case of beer and smokes and doing what I used to do every Friday night. I indulged in my fantasy of getting wasted and thinking how great it would be to just be oblivious to life. I remembered how much fun it used to be in that sweet spot of no cares or worries. I fought off that urge to drink like I have so many times over the last ten months. Now today I woke up and I feel amazing. It was a great sleep and I'm ready to start my day. I am happy I didn't drink because I am enjoying the reward of an excellent decision last night. What I am trying to say is that as alcoholics we would please ourselves by getting drunk. As sober people we please ourselves in mature ways. It hurts me to say this but I think I was very childish as an alcoholic. I wanted my "fun" when I wanted it I wasn't going to put work into it or wait for it. I was going to crack open a bottle and be in the land of "carefree fun" in about an hour. I was childish and when I got drunk I was even more childish because I would argue over bullshit or bring up unneccesary drama. Today I am a complete fully functioning adult. I am in control of my life and I'm not a victim to life anymore. If something happens to me I know exactly how to deal with it instead of dulling the event with alcohol. Today I find joy in the smallest of things and I put energy into making my future better even if it is as small as tidying up a room before I go to work. I don't know if this makes sense to anyone else but I am grateful that by some stroke of fate I saw that life can be better without alcohol. I don't know why I didn't come to this obvious conclusion 10 years ago I guess I was too immature. I should be upset over all the wasted weekends being drunk passed out or hungover but I am mostly relieved that I am not a slave to that poison anymore. For those of you struggling right now keep struggling because that means your fighting for your freedom. You might lose a few more battles but eventually you will win more battles and start winning the war like I am right now. And believe me that feels great!!! 
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you! This is my first week sober and I took legitimate joy in detailing my bathroom. It's a task I wouldn't have done if I was drinking and I had a similar revelation to you that this was a happiness that I purchased for myself with discipline and I get to reap the enjoyment of it. It's very different than just "pushing the easy button" and having a drink to feel good.  Great post!
And today a lovely Palindrome 323 well done!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thanks for the post I like hearing these thoughts from the folks who've made almost a year. I've been thinking about it. 
