-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rl4w8/find_myself_feeling_sorry_for_myself_a_lot_lately/

I used to not think it mattered why I was an alcoholic just what I plan on doing about it. Lately I find myself recalling all the shitty things in my life and using them as an excuse to think about drinking. I do think a lot of the things are valid but are they really if I use it as an excuse to pick up?..Basically mom died when I was 7 struggled with being gay until University raped at 21 homeless for a while and a few rehab trips...I'm not really sure what advice I'm looking for or if this is more of an online journal entry...TIA
----------immediate responses--------

Some of the beauty of SD is that it doesn't need to be anything...Just glad that you're here and talking about it. Even sharing quick thoughts usually helps me  
That happened to me as well. I just knew I was drinking too much. After I stopped memories and emotions hit me like a ton of bricks. I realized I was drinking to run from my abandonment issues. Drunk me doesn't care who comes and goes. Drunk me had a me against the world mentality. Completely opposite of who I am. It's really uncomfortable to have to sift through and deal with. Hang in there things will always get better. We got this...I will not drink with you today  
Your trauma is serious. I saw a therapist. I hope you find one too. 
What helped me was looking forward.  I wrote out lots of lists..Short term goals long term goals career related goals personal skills/development goals things I like in myself things I want to work on changing.  Then I looked into how I can best accomplish those things. ..It's so hard to get what you want if you can't define it.  If I'm actively working on accomplishing my dreams it's easier to not feel bad about my past mistakes and at least a distraction from past wrongs inflicted on me.  ..Drinking never helped me get anywhere.  Not drinking has given me the space to chase my career goals and the clarity to see that I want independence and security in life and the skills and compassion to help make a positive difference for other people who are struggling.  ..You are your own best advocate.  But I'm cheering for you too.
Try not to focus so much on the past that it totally affects your future.  None of what has happened to you can or will ever change unfortunately. However the future hasn't happened yet and it is all up to YOU now!! Try your absolute hardest to make it amazing! We're here for you! IWNDWYT 
There is a time in this where the effects of the booze are waning and the feels start to hit real hard. We used the booze to drown the feelings. But then we stop that and the feelings and memories we tried to forget are still there and we have to find a way to deal with them...Which is kind of a rude awakening or at least it was for me since I thought I was doing this do feel better and then somehow I felt worse when I was feeling it...Two things have super helped me. Individual counseling and continuing not to drink. More time didn't change the past but I have beeen able to change my relationship to things that have happened...Nice work on 55 days!
If you find the magic solution of how to get past shitty stuff in the past please share it..All I know is that alcohol doesn't help..I just really want to move on. .I know Pema Chodron has a whole thing about sitting with the feelings acknowledging them not running away. .Seeing a therapist helps me to unpack the unhelpful thinking patterns I've developed. We just identify them and discuss them. That seems to be enough to loosen their hold but they never really go away..IWNDWYT.
