-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rm4fl/sobriety_blues/

Using a throwaway. I'm 153 days in and feeling okay. The first couple months were difficult and intense but amazing. At times I felt euphoric and full of energy but lately my emotions have leveled out and I feel depressed. The roller coaster ride is over. At times I even stupidly thought about relapsing just so I could quit again and feel that same sense of relief and joy though I would never actually do that because it's not worth it. Every day is the same. I'm considering seeing a therapist and perhaps going back on medication to help take the edge off but the thought of going down that road again is somewhat daunting. I miss the pink cloud...Can anyone else relate to this? Any advice is welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

Depression is fairly common after quitting. Seeing a therapist helped me a great deal. I also went to AA got a sponsor and worked the steps. This was a life-changing experience. ..There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. 
I've woken up in the middle of each night for the last three nights dehydrated with gut hurting. Then woken again each morning as I did today exhausted washed-out pretty depressed. Only thing that keeps me going is being sure it won't always be like this. Grass is always greener I suppose. But be assured of this - you're missing nothing. What you have is a sexy voice in your head muddling your thoughts telling you to go its way not yours. The voice is really a cheat - it is not your friend. It is the opposite. Go the way you know is right. Keep moving forward. Good luck.
Soooo... This is really personal for me but I've felt the same thing....Sometimes I long to feel anything - even pain. I remember bad breakups prior to my issues with alcohol and just how genuine and pointed that pain was...Even with all the benefits of sobriety feelings of melancholy and true "nothingness" seem to keep tracking me down lol...Thing is I KNOW that's not normal. So just this past week and talked to my doctor about it. So here I am now trying an antidepressant and beginning work with a therapist...It's hard.. Sometimes I look at people and wish I could just feel something like they seem to. But I know if I can kick drinking (especially with how horribly destructive my drinking had become at its peak) I WILL kick this too.  ..I'm giving it time doing my best to stay patient and realizing that this is just part of the process. I'll get there eventually!!
I never really got the energetic feel good "pink could" feeling that people talk about.   But when I look back to the really lower points during drinking that I had the feelings of shame and despair I definitely don't feel that bad anymore and I don't miss it.  ..It took me about a year to really start to feel like I was approaching "normal" again after quitting anxiety-wise and emotionally.  I still struggle occasionally though I think quitting smoking has really affected me as well.  ..If I had better health insurance I'd go see a therapist.  I feel like depression is something that has been an underlying factor in my life for a long time and I just drank to mask it.
For sure I relate to this. I got a lot of help in counseling. I can also say that I have had ups and down and plateaus through all of this and overall things pretty much tend to keep getting better. You might be in the doldrums...I also think I get a lot of help from regular exercise. Lastly I try to remember to get out and have some fun...Nice work on 153!
Since I quit again I haven't done much besides sleep the past couple of days. My life is depressing. Boring. And meaningless. I get how you feel. 
I can sooooooo relate.  I'm right with you on the timing.  The roller coaster ride is not over.  I was feeling legitimately suicidal last week considering relapsing considering medication (which I've been on before and don't want to go to yet) already in therapy...     Then this week all of a sudden I forced myself into a couple social situations involving alcohol and did surprisingly ok got in a little bit of a workout routine and bam I'm feeling amazing all of a sudden.  No doubt there are more downturns ahead but based on my experience so far I would say STAY STRONG.  Try to realize when you are in these depressed states that they will pass eventually.  I've got a full court press going with meditation going to a buddhism meeting weekly (which is starting to blow my mind) and therapy.  Sometimes the therapy feels pointless because he's basically just telling me stuff that I already know...but on the other hand I feel like there is something magical about the accountability and interaction with another person.  I never noticed working out being all that helpful for my mood when I was drinking all the the time but in sobriety sometimes a 2 mile run seems like it can turn my whole day around...Sorry I'm kinda rambling but anyway hang in there.  Maybe months 6-12 are when you're going to start hitting a stride.
My body and mind still go through odd cycles. One week I'm full of energy and the next I'm exhausted. It happens. Therapy can help. I remind myself to take it easy sometimes because 5 months is still a fairly short time to have gotten all my stuff together. Try to stay positive and listen to your mind and body. Foggy hangovers are terrible but sober life has ups and downs too. I hope you feel better and can find some happiness. 
Can so relate to this. Past few weeks been on a downer but not interested in drinking. I miss having a social life but the idea of taking up something new to meet other sober people just doesn't interest me at all. Can't face the anxiety of new people sober. Been doing meditation with a personal mantra which is pretty amazing but it's the loneliness that's getting me down. And don't even get me started on the tears the slightest thing and I'm off!! I'm looking forward to feeling an emotional balance some time soon. There may be tears but will I not be drinking with you tonight 
Eat well and exercise. Go on a run right now. Get those endorphins going. Keep trucking!!
Yeah I feel the same. I think I need to face the fact that drinking wasn't my only serious problem I've also been dealing with an interent addiction since I was very young that has robbed me of accomplishment and joy. Facing that feels more omninous and difficult than quitting drinking and i'm much more in denial about it.
I can definitely relate to this. Been feeling the same lately. I think one thing that is easy to forget about is PAWS. This could have something to do with it as it can last a year or 2. I'm not sure how much I believe it but it gives me hope which is a powerful thing. 
I can relate. I'm coming up on my one year and I remember the euphoria of sudden sobriety but I now feel removed from its glow. A lot of the time I feel like I just woke up from a decades long nap. A 20 year coma. I'm so far behind and I missed out on so much. It's...depressing.  .  .My wife is going out of town in a few weeks and I've been actively planning my relapse but I know it won't be the same. I probably won't even follow through with it and that pisses me off for some reason. .  .I wish I could be 15 again. It was the last time I was happy before I veered off into boundless stupidity. There's been slightly less magic in the world every year since. It's like it just evaporates into the universe.  .  .Anyway here's to one more day. At least I'm not a drunk anymore.
What you're feeling is normal. Therapy meditation and exercise keep my mind happy.
For me days 7-140 were a roller coaster. Days 140-200 I felt numb. PAWS kicked back up shortly after. Your emotions are totally normal as far as I know I heard your brain returns to "normal function" around the 2nd year which is like a god send to me when  I have a bad day cuz I can't multi task like I did before. I'm just a bit over a year and see the light. Emotions are there sometimes I'm at peace euphoric or stressed. I have suicidal thoughts when things are overwhelming but I learned to recognize that that's my cue to go to bed or wait it out. Those come once every few months now. Keep going things will level out.    
I have actually been feeling pretty depressed myself. I'm at 118 days. I'm lonely and feel like I have no one. But we have to remember that life is a roller coaster regardless of whether you're drinking or not. There are highs and lows. Right now we are at a low...but that just means there is something good around the corner. We just have to wait it out. It will come. Focus on doing what makes you happy. For me it's being outside exercising cooking eating hanging out with me dog. What makes you happy? 
I'm with you in a sense. I'm on medication and feeling pretty ready to just get off all of them except for prozac. I do want to mention that you saying every day is the same was the same drinking. For the most part it's that way for most people. Workeat sleep hang out with friends when you have time. I'm just a few days longer than you and have faith that alcohol will be a very distant memory in a year or so from the long timers here. It's already starting to feel that way already. I'm taking the time to do things I use to enjoy again and found other ways to fill my time here than just drinking for "enjoyment". IWDWYT!
IMHO you're exactly on track. After the pink cloud wore off it took 2-3 months for my depression to shift and in the meantime all the shit I drank to not feel came up big time. Because I wasn't quite ready for all of it my depression actually got worse for awhile as did some of my behaviors. After about 9 months depression and anxiety both dropped significantly. 
I have found meds and therapy really helpful but I had depression before drinking became a real problem for me... I can also relate about the  flat  feeling around 150 days. Not sure I have much to offer but I just want to send you supportive thoughts. 
