-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rne3k/whats_bothering_you/

I've been having a rough time lately with anxiety. So I wanted to start a thread where we can all talk about what's bothering us and help each other. .. I don't struggle with wanting to drink daily anymore but I still struggle with anxiety and fear running my life. .. I'm working on letting go and trying not to control everything but it's hard. .. I'm going to work on 5 minute mindfulness exercises and continue to work on helping others. .. When I help others with their problems I see how small mine are because they usually work themselves out... So what can we help you with today? Got something you want to get off your chest? Let's talk! 
----------immediate responses--------

I hate my anxiety its a big part of what kept me drinking so much I figured it gave me a couple days off even though in the long run it just makes it worse. I was doing pretty good until earlier when shopping for something for fathers day I passed a free beer and wine tasting. I made a wide circle around it but the lady still yelled trying to get me to come over and it made my anxiety shoot way up all I could do was shake my head and walk away. I have been thinking about drinking non stop since then and it just keeps making me angry. It looks like my saturday is going to be spent laying in bed feeling sorry for myself but hey at least I'm not drinking.
[removed]
Ive struggled with anxiety since I was a kid. Some OCD type tendencies too where it takes me a long time to leave the house because I need to ensure doors are locked stove and oven aren't on nothing exposed that would cause a fire etc. Even going as far as unplugging things from outlets. Constantly taking preemptive pees because I don't want to be in a situation where I have to go and can't. I know it's crazy but I do it anyway. Booze definitely helped with it in the moment when I was drunk and not giving a shit but the next day my anxiety was even worse. I've just grown to accept I'm an anxious guy and that booze wasn't solving my problem just masking it. And creating more anxiety by constantly worrying about my health money people noticing I was an alcoholic etc. I've only been sober for like 3.5 weeks but my anxiety is much much better.
I'm on day 56 and am having a very hard time with the fact that I'm now living alone in the apartment my boyfriend and I once shared.  Our relationship was ruined in large (though not all) part to my secretive drinking and smoking habit that made me an emotional roller coaster.  It's very hard to accept this thing I cannot change and move forward with positivity.  I keep kicking myself for not stopping before everything crashed and burned.
I keep thinking about the struggles in my past. Losing my mom at 7 struggling to come out on high school homelessness in my 20's. I wanna throw myself a pity party 
New to the sub and looking forward to supporting you all! .I start fights with my bf when I get drunk because I have a hard time expressing myself sober Nd the booze gives me the courage to do it. Last night I started another fight but I really thought I could make it through the night drunk and  happy . NOPE. Everyone left our house bc we were fighting and then he left and I trashed the house crying and banging on the walls. Drove drunk bought cigarettes and have been hungover and shameful all day. .He's forgiven me .Again we poured the booze down the sink .I have a wild past of abusive relationships and history of drunken anger. .Last night I went to my dark place and took him with me.It's borderline abusive and I don't want my relationship to suffer like this .I hope this isn't too hard quitting makes me very anxious .Cheers to all of you! 
