-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rnpe5/tonights_already_hard/

Saturdays are always my drinking day. I am off Saturday nights and I don't work Sundays so I always took the opportunity to drink as much as possible. Tonight I am feeling very tempted and there are a few factors at play:..My friends are all at dinner right now and shortly heading to the casino to drink and gamble. I'm invited...My mom is mixing herself a cocktail while my step-dad is drinking a beer...My neighbor is shouting from his backyard offering "drugs and alcohol". I kid you not. And we live in the suburbs this neighbor is just always offering out substances and encouraging others to join him...There is a ton of liquor in the house...I'm confined to my room right now just trying to get through tonight. Nobody knows exactly what I'm going through right now either because previous attempts at sharing my struggles with alcohol have ended in dismissal. I don't blame people for that I haven't made it clear exactly how big of an issue it is for me. But this means that if I were to join my parents at dinner I'd watch them get drunk. If I join my friends I'd watch them get drunk. If I go to my neighbor's he's already drunk and he would want me to drink. So I'm sitting alone in my room waiting for the clock to reach an appropriate time to go to sleep while everyone around me is drinking...This sucks.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on six days and what doesn't suck is waking up sober. It is pretty awesome to sleep well and feel refreshed in the morning instead of feeling like complete shit for a few hours of drinking...So hang in there and think about how good tomorrow will feel when you are sober...IWNDWYT
One moment and one day at a time! Do you have some funny movies you can put on for tonight? Maybe some of your fave junk food or sugary drink? That's my plan tonight. Maybe download a new game to mess around with on your phone? Find things to keep you occupied. Unfortunately the culture around us won't change so we have to find ways in ourself to keep on the right track. You got this!
Sorry it's a tough night.  Here's what I experienced.  I held on in early days  largely due to folks here helping me when I had unbelievable cravings.  Each day I got a little stronger and it got a little easier. Now most of the time I don't want to drink and I'm at peace.  ..Hang on! Wishing you strength and peace. IWNDWYT 
Read an affirming blog (ie this naked mind) Think about Sunday morning! You can hit the ground running while those around u eventually come to. Aloha 
Ahh the boredom of these weekend days.. I've been walking past sunny patio bars all day.. I want to go in and have a drink.. but back home at 7pm on my bed reading Drinking Stories in this sub-reddit.. ..I'm with you tonight.. you're doing well!! 
I had to live by the "dry people dry places" rule for the first few months. There's no way I would have been able to go to a casino just 6 days into sobriety. My social life took a hit for a little while but it was totally worth it.
It's the best to wake up fully fresh and fell so good to be alive. We are rooting for you. Hugs!
YIKES I dnt know how ppl do it sometimes. I had to keep liquor out the house and have my dad take my car keys so I dnt go out to the liquor store for my first week being sober. That's impressive man
First weekend is no easy task. Something I would do is buy my absolute favourite treat (it was coconut ice cream usually or chips and gummy worms) and the fanciest non alcoholic drink I could find and put it in a glass with ice. Then watch awesome shows or movies. Sometimes I would book a massage or go out to eat when I knew I would be missing booze. Don't know why this helped me but it did. Don't be afraid to treat yourself this weekend in some awesome way. It will only get easier from here
Someone posted on here recently  nothing's worse than a belly full of beer and a mind full of AA.  I have been thinking of this lately when I get cravings. It reminds me that drinking would not even be enjoyable anymore because mentally I have changed. You know? Like when you cross that line where you know what it's doing to your mind and to your body and how one drink has to turn into three or six+ and then you wake up foggy ill and nauseous. Anyway hang in there. IWNDWYT!
