-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ro63a/at_the_cabin_and_fing_struggling/

Things have been pretty smooth the last few months. Not much for cravings nothing that isn't easily swatted away but god damn today's been hard. I arrived at a resort today and something about it had me sitting in a liquor store parking lot after a few hours. I went in the grocery store instead and have been pounding sugar free soda eating smoked salmon and stuffed olives ever since. The usual 'play it forward' that normally just happens when a craving hit was replaced with "it'll be great booze is necessary for vacation just get a small bottle or a 6 pack or wine!" I think this is the first time since the initial 2 months that I've really been tested hard and had to flex my willpower muscle.  Don't let your guard down guys be prepared for triggers this summer and know now that stores are closed that I am super stoked that I didn't drink today. It wouldn't of been worth it it's never worth it!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job staying strong! IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Man I'm in the same boat as you. Not at a cabin but today has been very hard. IWNDWYT 
It's amazing how many "reasons" I had to drink. Vacation and cabin time give me a very strong urge. Good on ya for not giving in!
Good job!
Such a good story to read. You are killing it mate. IWNDWYT!
I had similar feelings when I went on holiday the first time. Once I'd given my irrational brain a talking to I was mostly fine and the thing is that once the first sober holiday has been taken those feelings don't surface for subsequent ones...I will not drink with you today.
I am really struggling today  just taking it a hour at a time . Really want to drink . Head in a panic  got no work and very little money . I know drinking will make me feel like hell in my brain . Tying my best to stay clean and sober .I will stay sober with you today 
For me vacation is one of the most difficult things to go through newly sober.  Even though it's a good time it also typically includes a lot of unusual stress and my way of handling that stress was historically to unwind with a few glasses of wine.  And it is SO tempting to give in to the temptation that you can drink "only while on vacation."  ..Well done on staying sober and using that willpower. For me it gets a little easier every time I make it through a rough situation without booze.  
