-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rp3k1/holy_shit_265_days_today/

Not that long ago I just knew that if I could get to 100 days sober I had a chance. Today I celebrate being 100 days away from a year and suddenly it doesn't seem like as big a challenge...Other things in my life are challenging. We have a new baby and just moved. My wife is battling clinical depression and her medication isn't working. School is stressing me out. I'm eating terribly and while in working out and staying somewhat in shape I'm not doing as well as I could be. I feel like work is hit and miss although for the most part I'm doing well. Money wise we are struggling. Doing ok but I'm concerned about the midterm and long term future. My five year old is a handful. ..During the move I found two hidden stashes. One half finished bottle of whiskey and a shot if 100 proof schnapps. For a moment I entertained the idea of drinking again. I thought that if I were drinking maybe the stress of it all would be more manageable.  I found myself dreaming of the black blissful ignorance... But it didn't take much to remind myself there was no blissfulness. Fear anger resentment guilt shame apathy helplessness... Sure. Bliss?  No not at all. ..Yesterday I celebrated my 35th birthday. Tomorrow is Father's day. I spent the day yesterday with my family and tomorrow besides some schoolwork I'll be doing the same again. And I'm thankful. Thankful that amidst the chaos of life I reach for my kids now instead of a bottle of booze. ..Be inspired. Be inspiring. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy birthday!
Happy birthday and Happy Father's Day!!! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 265 days! And your birthday your baby your new place! You have a lot going on. I m impressed at your fortitude. There s a lot of pressure on you still you wade through rational and clear. Well done! Keep up the good work! You are inspiring. I will not drink with you today!
Hey SmokyBear good to see your post but I'm sorry that things are stressful for you at the moment.  That sounds like a lot to cope with. I am happy that you're there to take care of your family and I'm happy not to drink with you today.  Best wishes my friend   happy birthday happy father's day and don't forget to take care of yourself too. 
