-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rv0p5/just_need_someone_to_listen_i_dont_have_many/

Hi I've posted here before. I'm 38 successful but I've found myself stuck in a vicious cycle I know others can relate to: swear off drinking go a week binge again the next weekend wake up self-loathing because I did it again and can't get off this damn hamster wheel. The only time I smoke cigarettes is when I drink!  I also overspend when drinking. Yikes! The poison has a snowball effect on me. I'm self-aware enough now to realize I'm trying to self medicate my feelings of sadness boredom and loneliness as I can always go grab a cold one right? The last few years of repeatedly failing to stay stopped have been increasingly painful and difficult. I am very physically healthy still fortunately but I've had my gallbladder removed had a hole in my intensive and now they think the latter was likely a result of a crohn's flareup.  I've had stomach problems my whole life and it's been very socially isolating for fear of embarrassing myself.  Also  I should mention I've been struggling with mental health issues: PTSD OCD anxiety bipolar 2 etc.  So while I am healthy on paper I often don't feel too well. I have been soul-searching and I guess one major thing seems to have triggered me...Disclaimer: I know this isn't a friends/relationships sub but I wanted to explain a bit (if anyone cares to read)......I know some people will think I'm being petty and self-absorbed but here it is. I have a friend I've known for 30+ years. We were close for a good 20+ of them. I was super generous to him (as well as all my friends/family) and helped pay for endless things including helping him move out of state to be with his gf (now wife) even though I knew it would likely create a real distance between us. I figured hey money is just pieces of paper and for some reason I've been very fortunate financially and if I can throw him a bone and make his dreams come true why the hell not. I also should mention he didn't ask for any of this and I did it out of the goodness of my heart. Now I'm a super workaholic and I definitely should've kept in touch better with him and other people over the past few years so I'm far from perfect. As we were so close for so long when he reached out to me and told his about his wedding I figured it would be followed up with an ask to be in his wedding party. Or some kind of role. Months past and I saw his wedding party online and I obviously wasn't part of it.  In anger I made a shitty remark via text simply stating to not forget people like myself were far more instrumental in getting him to where he's at. I had to say something I guess. I got some email from him apologizing for hurting me but it actually made me feel worse as he explained why he a person he's know the last 5 or 6 years or deciding to pick people he's been in bands with over the years. Sorry but this shit hurt me tremendously as he's one of the 3-4 people in the entire planet I would've figured would've asked me. I knew it wasn't my day or about me but I couldn't reconcile how I felt about this whole thing. I didn't really bitch to people as not create drama but mutual friends were shocked I wasn't selected and felt he did a dick move. I dunno this is difficult for me to deal with given all the stuff in my life that sucks right now. I kind of felt like if I went to the wedding I'd have to hide how crushed I felt especially watching them standing next to him or giving speeches. This is coming from someone who hates weddings and hates being in weddings. So I told him I couldn't make it. I feel terrible about this whole thing and now I'm beating myself up as I blew off the wedding and likely did serious damage in the process. I ended up getting trashed on the day of the wedding as I didn't know how to deal with the flood of emotions.  I am going to try though. Try to get sober meetings anything.  Time to lose the beer weight and hopefully get my feelings in check. I can't believe I missed someone's wedding over my emotional state of mine but it really hurt me THAT much given how few people I have left. IWDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT. 
First (((hugs)))..Second IWNDWYT..I can understand how hurt you were as I too have been hurt more by the one person who I considered my best  friend .......... I tried talking  to them more than once bout how I was feeling etc but it fell on deaf ears. I see this person regularly and while we meet for a coffee once in a while I no longer trust them with anything personal and will no longer be a doormat for them..I had alot of resentment and hurt that I was carrying around with me but recently I have been realizing that me feeling how I was was giving them a certain kind of power over me so I had to let the resentment go. I know I am a good person and I choose to not let others bring me down ...I'm sorry you have been so hurt friend .
[removed]
Hey that sounds really hurtful :/ I don't think it's petty I think it makes sense that you would feel that way. Sorry you had to miss the wedding though I can def relate to just skipping events because otherwise your feelings would be written all over your face - in a way I think it was kind of selfless... you kind of did it so you wouldn't ruin his day. It's awesome that you sound like you are pulling yourself out of that hole &lt;3 we are all here to support you.
We are here. Sorry you're hurting. Don't really have any advice just wanted you to know I care and I'm rooting for you. And to promise I won't drink with you today. 
I don't think you are being petty at all. I'll share a story of my own in the hope it will help. ..Quite a few years ago a close friend and business associate to whom I had shown a lot of generosity did something dishonest to gain an advantage over me in a business deal. Boy did it rock my world. I lashed out and then stopped speaking to her (after a period when we talked every day traveled together etc.) and couldn't stop obsessing about the shitty way she had treated me. I slept poorly for an entire year. No other relationship issue has affected me as much including when I learned my first husband had slept with someone else during our marriage. ..Looking back I think what happened really made me question a lot of my own beliefs and assumptions about how friendships and other relationships work. It also caused me to question my own judgment when it comes to people and friendships. It sounds like you may be going through something similar. It's a big deal. We are social animals and our relationships are life sustaining. ..In my case after several years we became friends again (without ever addressing the issue directly; we just silently agreed to drop it). I think I understand what happened and was able to forgive and move on. This has worked out fine especially given our history and extended friend group even though my feelings about her and our friendship won't be the same again. It took a long time though. ..And--sorry!--of course I learned a lot and grew from the whole experience. Very painful but today I am a wiser more open-minded yes more cynical and also more forgiving friend. And today I have a LOT of friends; I am incredibly rich in the friendship department. Coincidence? I think not. :-)..I don't blame you for skipping the wedding because my face also shows everything. It's ok to be hurt. Maybe it will take a while to process what happened. I am sorry for the illusions you've lost and I wish you success in figuring out how to move on. ..One thing is for sure you'll be able to do that better if you avoid drinking which just pushes the whole process into the future and makes it more difficult. I wish you the strength you need to work your way through this and come out a wiser version of you on the other side--probably a version with greater relationship skills more ready to build new meaningful friendships. ..And should you choose to abstain in the meantime I'll join you in not drinking today. 
I find it interesting that no matter what the problem is. We manage to make it all about us and our problems. I suspect that I might have felt the same way without thinking that maybe I wasn't invited to be the wedding because the groom would not know if the sober me or the drunk me was going to show up and it is not all about me. We can be incredibly selfish when we are drinking or not living a sober life. I have found over the years that were plenty of options for me to treat my disease.
