-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rxvmb/aa_handing_everything_over_to_god/

Hi y'all. .I'm all fine and dandy about having a higher self. That there is a version of me that knows of a universal truth that I can't run from. For example I can't drink. (Accepted that yay next) however one thing I don't like about (now my second sponser attempt) is this......When I'm stressed about a bad job...I don't wanna hand my 'worries' over to a care of god and just expect a miricle. I want to take my human 'self' off the couch and find a new job so I can end the excruciating anxiety of the unknown.  (This is just one scenerio) I'm 7 months sober...aa has done wonders for me...but one thing that annoys me is how dependent and submissive ppl tell me to be...and turn eeeeverything over to the care of god??  I'm confused. I have to work if I have anxiety I figure out who or what is pissing me off and then I cut that person or place thing out and move on and be proactive and take action steps in my life. That's what makes my life enjoyable....not sitting on my bum...hoping god will magically send me a pay chq and bring my dream job to my door step.  I'm confused as to when I'm legit having a hard time...my sponsor keeps saying "just pray on it!" "What's gods will?!" I finally said screw this...and started doing what u needed to do to feel better. To me whatever God is out there is not doing a good job if I just stand there and 'hope / pray" things work out.   I strongly believe in co-creating with the UNIVERSE not god. I strongly believe in the law of attraction and Abrahams hicks teachings....not one God.   Law of attraction and letting go of crappy ppl places and and things (quick) has always worked much better for me.  And almost being ruthless in my pursuit for whatever it is that I want...Does anyone else struggle with this god part of the program?? When I'm asked...what or who is keeping u sober...I feel like my sponser wants me to say "god". But tbh...my higher self told me to go to aa...not god. It was my subconscious truth that came out. I got my sober with the help of aa and doing the work. Not god. If god was keeping me sober than I wouldn't need aa.  Or reddit. Or anyone.  That's why I'm so confused. What can I do to bypass the god thing and just work the rest of the steps?? Aa is a spiritual program.
----------immediate responses--------

This is one of the reasons I haven't gone (not wanting to socialize is another). I don't believe in a higher power and I don't believe that I'm powerless without this idea. ..Yes a lot of my issues stem from my childhood. I have both abandonment and confrontational issues and have generally had a hard time dealing with and expressing my emotions in a constructive way. It's led to derailing countless relationships. For awhile I had everything under control until the last two relationships I've had. These were the first relationships I had where I wasn't the issue...So having these two bad people betray me by cheating on me or leaving me when I hit a rough patch was a huge betrayal and it led to all the issues I thought I dealt with come back full force. ..For the last year I've been a drunk because I can't deal. I could have made the choice to go to a therapist (it's Canada so all of it's free) but I chose to drink. I'm much better now then I was 3 months ago but I still have a lot of work to do. A higher power isn't going to save me I'm going to save me. One day at a time one little change at a time is going to fix me. Maybe some day I'll be able to moderate again like I used to but for now that isn't going to happen. ..All that being said people deal with it in their own way. If AA helps someone stay sober for the rest of their life then by all means stick with it. I just feel like I'm the one to shape my own destiny
[removed]
You have a strong set of beliefs. I suggest you continue to build your sobriety upon them. If you find value in portions of AA continue with those. If you find parts that don't work for you go on without them. ..It was my experience to hear the  work the steps  mantra when you're in the rooms but if they don't match your beliefs they hold little value in helping you create a lasting sobriety.
There's no requirement to believe in God...Anywhere.  Meetings here there....  anywhere...But I did come to one realization -  ..If I pray for things for ME it's impossible for there to be a God that grants my wishes.  Here's why - if I pray for something for 'me' and you pray for something for 'you' they may cancel each other out.  Then prayers would go 'unanswered' (which is what I experienced).  So a wish-granting genie god could not exist.  ..I learned that as you quote in your post if I looked for "What's God's will for me" that the answer wasn't something about "ME" but rather the answer was about *Doing Something for Someone Else*...I stopped praying about "things I want" for "me".  That was just one more form of my self-centeredness.  That would be the actual absence of a higher power.....   I was able to indulge my selfish tendencies just fine including pouring alcohol on them to accelerate my selfishness...What if 'God's will' for me was to Apply my Free Will at each choice?  And use this  litmus:  Is the next choice about something I want for me?   Or is the next choice about doing something for someone else?  ..When I choose the next choice for "others" rather than self-indulgence I experience care compassion love and kindness.  ..That is the spiritual program.
The AA literature is pretty clear that your higher power does not have to be God. It can be anything and everything. It certainly sounds like your sponsor's higher power is God. If their version of a higher power and the way in which they utilize it doesn't vibe well with you you may want to consider a different sponsor. ..For me I think of my relationship to a higher power less in terms of relinquishing accountability and more in terms of relinquishing control.  I am accountable for myself and my actions. But I can't control everything. (I certainly can't control my drinking but I am accountable for the choice of whether I continue to drink or not).  ..I have found that when I am locked into a desire to control things (my drinking my emotions my environment people around me) I can get myself in trouble. That is a trigger for me to drink. The same part of me that thinks it can control the uncontrollable is the one that thinks it can control my drinking. So I try to notice when I am locked into a struggle for control. Those are the moments that I attempt to step back and recognize what is within my control and what is not (as the serenity prayer so nicely captures). For all the things within my control I resolve to be accountable and active. For those outside of my control I resolve to hand it over to the universe and be free of it. 
This is one reason I like the Big Book term  higher power.  For some it may mean a Judeo-Christian god for others it may refer to other creative sources of intuition and wisdom. The term  higher power  allows us to talk about broader spiritual needs common to all humanity... There are six million gods in the world and I am in cooperation with all of them.   Morihei Ueshiba
The lectures "Maps of Meaning" on YouTube by Jordan Peterson helped me tolerate and understand where the teachings of AA were coming from. IWNDWYT
