-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ryd5x/day_28_11am_uk_falling_off_my_pink_cloud_a_bit/

Hey everyone week or so since my last post. I'm still sober after 28 days and I can barely believe it really :). I'm so happy that I'm not drinking but the realities of life are starting to creep in. I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed with various things and i'm feeling a lot of anger and resentment and a bit 'poor me'. Not being able to numb self-pity with alcohol is proving challenging. I don't want to drink but equally I don't know how to deal with 'real' emotions without my life-long crutch. My sponsor is amazing I have made wonderful friends AA but I struggle to reach out for help when I need it most. I've written a gratitude list and it's put things into perspective a bit but I'm still feeling pretty mopey and low. Any tips for combating the extreme lows in these early stages? I find it hard pulling myself out of these low moods when i'm in it i struggle to meditate or read anything uplifting and absorb it so I've always just given in and drank when things get tough - and I will not do that. I'm really proud of being sober for 28 days it's just still so new - i'm retraining my brain and body after over 20 years of abuse! My poor Mum can't say anything right at the moment she wants to help but non-alcoholics just don't get it and I end up getting frustrated with her for suggesting things as I just think ' you haven't got a clue how it feels to be an alcoholic so don't even try to help'. Then i feel guilty for pushing her away and being mean to her she's nearly 70 and she's trying her best. I feel so angry at this disease sometimes...Sorry bit of a ramble IWNDWYT XX
----------immediate responses--------

I think we all get super grumbly around this mark.  I recall apologizing to anyone who had to spend any time with me in advance sorry but I'm in a terrible mood and no it isn't your fault!   I tried to remind myself to not let my grumpy Very.Bad mood hurt innocent people who did nothing to earn it.  It'll go away .IWNDWYT 
I don't have any advice. I have been dealing with lots of anger and irritation too. It's nice to know I'm not alone...In counseling today I learned it is important to recognize and accept the emotion and not to judge it. Feel it let it flow then ask what you need (help a break a hug etc). It seems my anger comes from repressing emotions I used to numb with alcohol. I still repress it but it eventually pops out in an angry fit...You're not alone. I hope it passes soon for both of us. IWNDWYT.
Good on ya girl. Keep it up!!! 
Well done. You're on the right path. For me using booze to escape negative feelings became such a habit that it was hard to face these without becoming depressed. I did some 1:1 therapy to help me process and cope with this. Do you have any counselling options? 
