-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rzovx/45_days_today_adjusting_to_the_new_me/

Hello all just checking in for the day.  I had an interesting weekend and wanted to share...My wife and I went to a formal function this weekend.  We got dressed up went out for a night with friends.  There was dinner free drinks music dancing etc...  pretty much everyone there drinking alcohol except for me...I really enjoyed dressing up and going out with my wife.  Old me likely would have made an excuse not to go at all so I could stay home alone and drink myself stupid.....I really enjoyed the food it was quite good and old me would have skipped it because food interfered with my buzz and amount I could drink without feeling bloated.....I enjoyed the early conversation with others and the celebratory mood of the evening.....I also didn't struggle one bit with the temptation to drink alcohol.  I had plenty of iced tea and water.  ..What I did struggle with was seeing everyone "loosen up" and laugh joke etc. due to the alcohol taking hold and knowing that will never be something I can experience again.  It was bittersweet though because as the night wore on I could see people going from a pleasant euphoric buzz to becoming too intoxicated.  Some withdrawing and drinking more and more some making a spectacle of themselves that I am sure they would regret the next day etc...I would say there is honestly a part of me that wanted to feel that nice buzz but for me to get there it would have taken 12 drinks not 2 or 3 and then I would have felt like shit the next day and instead of enjoying Sunday morning and being productive.  Also Sunday would likely have me drinking a few to help with the hangover which would lead to drinking all day which would lead to having a few Monday to help with the hangover etc.....So overall maybe I didn't have as much fun as some others Saturday night but I'm not drinking today; and if I had drank on Saturday I know I would be sucked back into that cycle again of drinking daily and I am not willing to be that person anymore.  So I am still going strong a day at a time and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 45 days of freedom!  IWNDWYT 
I've been finding myself in social situations lightening up easier as time goes by without alcohol. As the rewiring takes place over time hopefully others get the same benefit.
Congrats 45 days ...Sounds like you are doing great. IWNDWYT 
Awesome!! IWNDWYT!
I feel that. Sobriety is better but I wish there was some "alcohol substitute" - something that would taste just like our favorite alcoholic drinks and give us a pleasant buzz but without all the shitty stuff.
Man this is helpful to read about even 168 days in.  I have gotten better and enjoyed some freedom from the thought process you describe but I continue to work myself with anticipatory stress leading up these events.  Congrats on your NDV!
Thanks for sharing! I will have 45 days tomorrow and enjoy learning from others who are on the same timeline. 
