-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s0pjv/life_continues_pain_continues/

i am struggling bad right now. my decision to let someone close to me (again) has resulted in tremendous pain and a type of depression and anxiety often leads me to isolate and self medicate. ..i am blaming myself for caring for getting involved and for trusting when i knew ultimately how it always ends. i want to self-destruct in so many different ways because i feel the strong urge to punish myself for letting him in. ..i won't drink today but it will not be easy. i just felt it important to be honest that even at how many days i string together life will continue and it will not always be pretty. i am also in need of some positive energy because i am running on fumes. ..i will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you're having a rough time of it Squiddy!..Hope you can turn to self-care instead of self-destruction.....Sending positive vibes your way I'll join you in not drinking today!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
&gt;i feel the strong urge to punish myself ..A phrase often heard in recovery is:  be kind to yourself.  ..It's easy to see why we at times feel an urge to punish ourselves for a bad decision.   We think we condition ourselves to avoid repeating mistakes. ..That sort of rolled-up-newspaper-on-the-backside approach might work on a bad dog ha but it doesn't for us humans.  We make mistakes.  We aren't perfect.  All we can do is learn from them.   ..So rather than punish yourself try being kind instead.  Treat yourself to an ice cream give yourself a mental hug call a friend buy a book etc.  ..Alcohol will only make you feel worse.  I'll have a can of seltzer with you now.
Sounds like you've been in a sober relationship . That is great . I haven't had one in years . Letting go is painful and sad but it took two . It couldn't be all your fault .  Take it's easy on you  .look at all those sober days !! 
We're here for ya dear Squid :).
