-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s2ig1/relapse_of_a_kind/

In that after my posts about 18-20 months ago I never really stayed sober. ..I went back to drinking on a weekly basis not huge volumes and while to an extent it was under control really it was always playing with fire. That fire got the extra fuel it needed when about 15 months ago I had the good fortune to be in a position where I could pursue my talents and start my own business. So I did and I did. What this meant though in reality was that I was unsupervised and not answerable to anyone really. ..What followed started off with some lunchtime beers because I could and built up to heavy daytime and evening drinking almost daily. For the last 12 months or so I have been telling myself each day that this was the last one that that would be it. But it never was. The longest I went without a drink was about two weeks when I gave keto a try until I found an excuse (I found something that said whisky is allowed so that was that)...Last Thursday I drank from 9am through until 1am Friday morning. Woke up again at 5am feeling drunk still but that subsided as I went through the day. By the end of the day my stomach felt full even though I hadn't really eaten that day but I tried dinner anyway. Big mistake- severe abdominal pain followed and I had to force myself to throw up to relieve the pressure. Didn't really work and I didn't sleep that night. ..I don't know what caused it and the area is a bit tender still even now but I suspect that my body was finally sending me a warning. Weirdly I have had no desire to drink at all since and I haven't. I will see a doctor later this week to get things checked...I didn't think when I started on Thursday that it'd be my last day drinking but after the pain of Friday and Saturday (and some of Sunday) that's it. I'm resolved. Day 4 now and it's starting to feel good. Just hope it's not too late for my body. Apologies for the long windedness but I needed to get this down to kind of make it official and to tell someone- anyone- what I am going through...Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Good move on booking a doctor's appointment!..Severe abdominal pain could be a touch of pancreatitis among other things... nasty business and not to be taken lightly!!..It's also a good idea to get a general checkup to see how your health is doing maybe some bloodwork and a scan to check your liver levels vitamin &amp; nutrient deficiencies etc.....Be honest with your doctor they see folks with drinking problems all the time and won't bat an eyelid!..You could also discuss the various medical options for helping you stay sober if you think it would help... further details of what's available can be found at r/Alcoholism_Medication.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Good on you to go see a doctor and good on you for taking it seriously...You can take this as the sign to stop completely. It was the same for me as well. once I started having random pains and aches I took it as a sign that my body was telling me to stop before I did real harm to myself. IWNDWYT
[removed]
Man as shitty as I've been feeling existentially lately I gotta thank you for this post as it reminded me of that horrible feeling in your guts after a long heavy session like that.  I'm not a puker at all either so I'd just writhe around struggling to muster a hurl to relieve that awful feeling. ..You're not alone bud.  And for what it's worth my drinking took a turn for the worse in the face of success as well.  Plenty of money no real structure or authority to answer to--everything about it feels like 'success' that vague arbitrary sense of approval that illicits images of the wealthy well dressed gentleman swirling a neat scotch in his hand...Such an easy trap.  ..Listen it's not all sunshine and roses.  Don't let these stopdrinking hippies tell you otherwise.  It's work and it sucks a lot often.  But it's better than that.  I had almost forgotten until I saw your post and remembered how deeply I wished to just be a normal good sober person without a fucked up body in those dark moments with my guts in knots dehydrated and laying on the bathroom floor...Welcome.  Hit me up any time. 
