-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s66oo/first_experience_out_at_a_bar_without_drinking/

So recently I have made the decision to take a break at the very lease from drinking. A combination of health both physical and mental and cost plus not enjoying the physical feeling the next day and the shame and guilt of what happened the night before has brought me to this point. ..I am thankful in my life to be able to make this choice and not have to deal with the struggle of alcoholism as a close family member dealt with. ..I am also thankful to have never had to deal with the stigma that gets thrown around when you are out being social and you order soda water and lime. ..Now I expected to get hassled by my buddies because thats who we are. But I wasnt expecting to get attitude from our server at the taproom/brewpub we were at in a very liberal and popular city. It immediately reinforced the social requirement of drinking and the stigma or oddity of not and made me feel very uncomfortable and judged...I can't imagine what the amplification of that must feel like for somebody trying to maintain a social life with their friends while also trying to be sober and deal with their addiction. 
----------immediate responses--------

That sucks you experienced that. You are lucky not to suffer from cravings and depression from a sick and destructive lifestyle. I will say I feel lucky to have received love and support from my buddies and lack of judgement from servers when I've been out. I'm sure I'll be faced with criticism down the road but for now I'm glad it's been doable...Congratulations on making healthy life choices! IWNDWYT 
Your situation sounds almost identical to mine. I actually passed up going to the bar this weekend with friends because I just figured it would be easier to avoid the temptation. I also play softball on the weekends where drinking heavily is the norm and managed to drink only water. I must say it was nice waking up all weekend without a splitting headache and without wondering how badly I embarrassed myself the night before. Good luck going forward. I've had two close friends give up drinking completely and have managed to keep their social life entact so it can definitely be done. 
Dude that server only sassed you because it meant her tip wouldn't be as much since you saved that bill a ton of beer money. Servers like that only think about their tips when they take an order. That person will grow to understand one day. Sorry you had to deal with that in the meantime. 
