-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8se1u3/trying_to_get_sober_after_4_12_decades_of_abuse/

Here's my story: I (m55) have been in and out of sobriety for  almost11 years. I started drinking when I was 12 and have been binge drinking ever since. I would go to high school and drink before going to schooldrinking almost a handle almost every day. I've always known that I've been an alcoholic. After college I became a successful business owner and was making a lot of money but I was still drinking my life away. I recently relapse hard relapse actually. I had to go to the hospital this morning because I mixed medication and alcohol. I'd like to take my family back to the good life and get better...Does anyone have any suggestions to help me get through this? It's been 4 and a half decades and I need to figure a way to stop drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

I do it one day at a time sometimes a minute at a time. I wake tell myself I'm not going to drink today I give thanks every night I lay my head down for the night sober. I have faith that you can do this too. I'm around the same age started drinking at a young age as well. It's not easy just come here post vent do whatever it take to kick Alcohol to the curb! IWNDWYTD!
My friend I quit at 59.  I couldn't maintain the lifestyle anymore.  Family was about done with me.  Getting shakier at work.  I just said fuck it I'm done.  I had experienced everything in my life drunk.  There's nothing cool or sexy about a drunk old man.  I was drinking alone.  I didn't even really know what I was drinking for it was just daily self medication at this point in my life. I started going to meetings.  Working out.  Changed my schedule so I was busy during drinking hours.  Checked in with my doctor on a vitamin regimen.  Started yoga.  Life has improved dramatically in every aspect.  If you are sick and tired of being sick and tired make the commitment to change.  One day at a time.  I believe in you Cadillac!!
I'm a 45F and wine was my poison. In the beginning I signed up for a 6 week online sobriety coaching course and I did everything that was suggested.( I think Annie Grace has a free one) .I worked on my sober toolbox I found things to do during  the witching hour  I took A LOT of extra showers and thousands of deep breaths. I devoured  quit lit  signed up with a few sober communities and ate ALL the sugar. ..I wish you luck on your sober journey you are worth it! .IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Same here 4 decades mid-fifties highly functional but feeling the deterioration accelerate deciding to try to moderate the last decade heh good luck with that I think it actually makes it worse. I'm in the midst of a badge reset after slipping back into the trap it should only read 8 or 9 but thats where I am today...Do you like to read? There are a number of good books if you're going it alone or there is usually AA somewhere not too far away. I'm doing the book thing because it fits my perception of the world much better...I'm a stay-out-of-the-system guy whenever possible so I wouldn't see myself checking in for treatment anytime near my current stage. But you do you above anything else...Alcohol has no advantages inside me only the downside. I'm saying F- alcohol F- that voice telling me I can get away with a few without anyone knowing F- those shakes and anxiety F- the depression. ..I'm glad you are here if you think you need to be..
I started to give it up at 55. AA was the only thing that worked for me. A group being the most important aspect. But half measures got me no where. I had to want to quit drinking. There were some bad days but the getting sober part wasn't the end. It's living sober that I still have to work on. I spent so many years doing EVERYTHING with a cocktail that there has been a lot of changes to make. You know what you don't want now. I keep those thoughts and memories close if I suddenly think I'm cured. I'll never be. This site can be a lot of help. The friends I've made in AA some short some long term have sustained me. The help is there if you ask. Best of luck I don't wish this on anyone.
I am 51. Male. I have 5.2 years sober now. I drank for years after the point I knew I could not control my drinking. When my life was truly falling apart I was finally desperate enough to to do anything to stop even if meant life would be miserable without booze and even if I still lost my career and family and had to spend all my time working on just not drinking. ..I asked for help went to rehab and then AA. I followed suggestions and made friends with other supportive alcoholics. The good news is I did not lose my family or career (I do make less money than I used to) and I actually enjoy life (health has returned I can sleep and have energy and concentration). I really do not miss drinking or being drunk. I feel lucky to be alive and I like myself again. ..You can do this! You are worth it. I know lots of people who have done it some of whom were even worse off than me. ..I know the early part can be rough but the payoff is real. Sobriety is not something I  settled for  like I thought I was doing. It is an incredible gift. 
AA is what saved my ass. Have you ever tried it?
Have you checked out the r/stopdrinking sidebar/ community info page?.There are lots of resources there and you can grab a badge...Some people here use SD as their AA. Post as often as you like..Many people also do AA or Smart recovery...The book This Naked Mind is a good place to start as it explains how alcohol impacts the brain - you don't need to stop drinking to read it...Have you seen a doctor about stopping drinking? Some people due to their genetics are prone to AWS which can be deadly...We are glad you are here. IWNDWYT 
51 and I refuse to go to AA. Too much baggage from watching my mom and stepdad. Watching my parents die earlier than I thought but it's given me perspective that I may have only 15-20 years of full health even if I stop drinking. I love drinking and hate what it does to me so I'll try this again for as long as I can and then consider Naloxone if I can possibly obtain it. I'm pretty functional I just hate seeing my potential squandered like this. 
