-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sg94i/climbing_out_of_the_hole/

Since three months ago my relapses have become fewer and farther in between. Yesterday I began ruminating and having what seemed to be an hour long conversation with myself until I was worked up and pissed off. At this point I made the choice to remove this thought from my head and distract myself. The urge to drink was there but it passed...The extreme heat we've been having here definitely helps with my decision not to drink. I sweat enough as it is but the second I have that first beer I'm drenched with sweat so the extra dehydration coupled with the heat makes the hangover that much worse the next day...Lately I've also been more productive anyway. The last month I've been out of the house more than I have been the last three months. I'm cooking more often keeping the place clean Hell I even made my own pizza today ( first attempt and it came out pretty awesome if I say so myself). I've lost 5 lbs from eating better and less. ..Point is I feel like the depression is finally lifting. I'm still not working and I feel that will be for awhile longer yet but I'm taking back control of my life little by little. 
----------immediate responses--------

That is so great to hear!! I hope I get there soon.
My dad gave me a good saying: when you are ever in doubt just take the next small step. .From reading your post this is exactly what you are doing and it's great awesome that you've lost weight and the cloud is lifting for you. .IWNTWYT
Yes. I've seen depression described as a downward spiral - thoughts and behaviour combine to push you down. The way out of it is to turn the spiral around with positive actions and challenging unhelpful thoughts. Sounds like you are heading in the right direction. Goodonya.
Glad things are getting better! It was definitely a slow process for me.  Longer stringing more days together until it finally clicked then slowly healing.  Still healing to as I move on down the road.  Wishing you the best as you continue on the journey! IWNDWYT 
