-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8siiz8/i_keep_slipping_up/

I'm struggling here. Last week I managed to not drink for almost five days then I slipped up. Then I tried again and almost had two days before  slipping up again. I'm getting kind of frustrated with it. I feel like I'm trying to do what I'm supposed to but maybe I haven't been trying hard enough. ..I really want to stop drinking but I keep coming up against so much resistance. I know some of it is simply the addiction getting the better of me but I also feel that I'm afraid of life without alcohol. Not in a I'm afraid of missing the party way my drinking hasn't been a party in many many years but in a more insidious sense. Every piece of literature on stopping drinking and everyone I've talked to who has stopped has described it as being a massive positive change in a person's life. This terrifies me. I know that's a weird thing to say but it's true. Obviously a healthy and happy life is a very logical desire and the conscious rational part of me wants a happy healthy life. The problem is that I've lived a life of misery and self loathing since I was a teenager. It's really all I know. A happy productive healthy and meaningful life is a brand new frontier for me and I'm scared shitless of it. ..I think I keep stumbling because I know on some level that if I don't get sober and stay sober that I can be miserable and hate myself until I inevitably drink myself to death. That's a bizarrely comforting thing. The thing is that I am actually a reasonably intelligent thoughtful person and not a completely lizard-brained fatalist so I want to quit drinking I want a better life. I just need some help climbing over this hump...Sorry for the long rambling post. I just needed to get some things off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

Five days! You got through the withdrawal days. So you CAN do it!!!  Fall down? Just don't stay down. Get up again.  It was so important to me to stop ruminating on my faults and failures and to look for practical ways of building a new life starting with no more alcohol.  AA or other support group lots of reading here books pod casts counseling.  It's additive.  All those old corny AA slogans have so much wisdom underneath the wrapper.  I do see things differently now. I do live one day at a time.  I do know that life is ephemeral and that it changes constantly.  It IS the first drink that is the one you don't want to take.  You are so welcome here. May you find what you need.  IWNDWYT!
It is a major change in life. Major. It's not easy but it doesn't have to be hard. u/heartrising already stated it but AA support groups places like this etc are great ways to get through the hard times. And yes groups like AA have tons of annoying sayings buy those sayings have been around for a long long time for a reason...Take it one day at a time. Focus on the now. When the fear/anxiety sets in take it one hour/minute at a time. You got this.
[removed]
