-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8skk02/my_brother_passed_away/

Long time lurker just wanted to share my story.....This marks the end of a two year long struggle to get my brother sober. He had another fall but this time he didnt get back up. My mother found him. ..Over the past two years my family and I had held interventions come-to-jesus talks arranged for legal certifications to treatment and took more trips to the detox than I can count. His sobriety was always temporary. I became the "responsible one" of the family offering my parents advice on how to maintain and what to do next. In the background I had taken up weekend binge drinking. Alcoholism runs in my family; I remember as a child resenting my parents for it and now I felt myself going the same direction...Ive decided that Ive seen enough. Id always looked up to my brother and to see his journey end in this way... its a wake up call. I dont want to end up like that. Im going to honor my brother by not making the same choices.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry for your loss.
So sorry about your brother. This disease is powerful. Some never get it under control. I wish you well friend.
Sorry for your loss... It is a hard thing to bury a loved one .. especially a Brother... 
My heartfelt condolences...I hope your family can heal...I hope you can find the relationship you want with alcohol.
I am so sorry for your loss. 
Fucking hell. That could be the ending story for any of us. I'm so sorry.
Im sorry for your loss. 
I'm sorry to hear about your brother. I'm happy you are making a decision to stop. I wish you and your family the best.
This is a very sad story - so sorry for your loss. Not an unfamiliar one unfortunately. For many of us this hits close to home. ..Good luck to you and condolences. 
I'm sorry for your loss and wish you and your family all the best. You're going to make him proud.
So sorry for your loss wishing you and your family all the best
I'm sure your brother is looking down and smiling that you're starting this journey he wasn't able to maintain.  Condolences for your loss and a young death is the main reason I quit recently.
Sorry for your loss.
Wow I am so sorry you and your family are going through this. IWNDWYT!
God that's terrible I'm very sorry for your loss. I wish you all the strength in the world right now. Good luck and and honor him the best you can.
I lost my son to drugs while sober.  I was very grateful that I had AA for support. 
How did he pass? 
Wow.  I am so sorry to hear about your brother.  I think its a fantastic way to honor him.  
I am sorry for your loss. I can only imagine the pain and heartache. Honoring him with your own sobriety is awesome. He clearly was in depths himself and we all know how that feels. Get out out while you still can....
[removed]
My condolences it's just a internet guy from middle Europe but my heart is with you have some family members died early cause of drinking as well not close ones but still family.. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine. ..Proud of you for taking this step. 
Sorry for your loss. Thinking of you and your sobriety. 
Sorry for your loss.
I'm sorry for your loss. Things will turn around 
I am so sorry for your loss and happy you're here. Take care iwndwyt
I'm sorry fir your loss. Good on you for trying to get something out of it.
so damn sorry. welcome. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. The disease is real. 
So sorry to hear this. Thank you so much for posting here and for the reminder that for Alcoholics we only have a few options incarceration death or sobriety.
I'm so sorry for you your family especially your poor mother.  Stopping drinking is a decision I have never regretted once.  It's not always easy in the moment but it's always something I'm happy about choosing.  It sounds like a lovely way to honor your brother.  ..Welcome to this sub.  I hope you stick with us.  We're here for you.
I'm sorry. Good on you for making the decision to change yourself for the better like this. My older brother also passed away as a result of his alcoholism. I resented him for his behavior while he was alive. I wasn't much of a drinker then. Then after he died I started abusing alcohol and it wasn't long before I was a full-on drunk.  I'm actually kind of glad I became an alcoholic because now I understand what he was going through.  I'm making better choices today.
I'm very sorry for your loss. I hope that you'll find strength when you need it and peace when you don't.
Heartbreaking. Your resolve to become sober is such a powerful way to honor your brother.  I'm so sorry he didn't make it. Thank you for telling the story. IWNDWYT! 
I am not going to drink with you today
My deepest condolences. ..I lost both my mom and my closest cousin to alcohol abuse. ..Its a terrible drug and like you a reason why I am striving for sobriety. ..
Where ever he is he is proud of you. ..IWNDWYT
Forrest?
So very sorry to hear this about your brother. I have lost two brothers so I know how very hard it is to give them up. So proud of you for taking this wake-up call good luck one day at a time
So sorry to hear that man stay strong and take this on sober. You're going to be a better person in the long run for it
I'm sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT.
We just lost a family member too this way.  It is the main reason I'm here.  I'm so sorry for your loss.  IWNDWYT.
Sorry for your loss. I know a lot of us can empathize and I know that with the way I was drinking I was most definitely headed in that direction and fast. Stay strong and keep coming back here. 
My condolences
So sad. I'm sorry for your loss. Big hugs. 
So sorry for your loss. Alcoholism runs in my family and knowing one day I'm going to see my father die from liver failure is something I never want my own children to experience. It's not a matter of if it's when. Best thing we can do is not follow down that same road. Please keep yourself healthy. 
I'm so sorry for your loss.  As with any serious illness alcoholism can be fatal...There is an available seat at the nearest AA meeting.  If that meeting isn't to your liking find one that is.  Maybe I'll be there and I'll get your coffee for ya.  :)    (((hugs)))
I'm sorry for your loss. If you don't mind me asking how did it happen?
I am so very sorry.  I am like u....have a family member in end stage so I am going clear.  Don't give up friend.  Iwndwyt
God Bless u and your brother. My brother died when I was six by drowning in a river dam. I am not certain if he was drunk but it seems likely. He was trying to retrieve a floating cable spool for use as a picnic table. This disease could kill us all but it doesn't hafta.
Real sorry about your brother that can't be easy. I like how you are honoring your brother by your sobriety. My father could not control his alcohol and on many occaisions during the last ten months I would reflect on my father and think "we did it Dad....we defeated alcohol." It makes me unbelievably connected to him in a way I never was in the past. We didn't really talk about feelings and our failings that much. I hope you receive the peace I discovered by honoring our loved ones. 
I'm so sorry.  There's nothing else to say. I'm so so sorry. 
I'm glad you recognize that  it can be you too . I had a friend at work lose his older brother to a freak accident recently possibly involving intoxication. Stay strong and make this sub part of your support system. IWNDWYT
So sorry - what a tragic story. Sending you healing energy and yes this sub is awesome wouldn't have made it to day 6 if not for the support and advice here. IWNDWYT. Please take care....
I'm so sorry. I feel down my basement stairs once when hammered and I grabbed the hand railing at the last second and that likely saved me from a brain injury.  I had significant  Injuries but could have easily died. 
I am so very sorry for your loss.  Pulling for you as you face the days to come. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm so sorry. My brother is severely ill in his alcoholism and I'm not sure will survive much longer.  It is just the worst situation.  Hugs to you and your family.
I lost my younger brother to brain cancer in 2010 and my dad to ALS last yearnot to mention the 10 or so friends I've lost to heroin overdoses. None of it was enough for me to stop killing myself...You can save yourself years and years of misery anguish and death by making the decision you've made today. I wish I had opened my eyes sooner and been courageous enough to leave behind my life of alcoholic suffering to honor my brother and father but all that matters is that I'm doing it now...I'm enormously proud of you. IWNDWYT friend. 
I am so sorry. Words do nothing. Thank your for reminding me to stay serious about staying abstinent. 
May he rest in peace. 
I'm sorry for your loss. Hope you can stay strong for your family. 
This is my story almost to the detail. He's heavy but not had medical issues yet.  (I'm 35 older brother is 38) but we are always on and off because I can't talk to him when he's off the wagon. Mostly for the sake of my sobriety. ..Sorry for your loss and I love to hear you're honoring him in that way. Peace.
I am so sorry you lost your brother.  I am glad you found your way to this supportive space. I'll keep you in my prayers. 
I'm so sorry for your loss.  Thank you for all the effort you went through to help him.  And thank you for coming and sharing your story honestly.  
Thank you so much for sharing. ..You are giving strength away from a terrible tragedy. I wish I could tell you how much I admire that.
Wishing you well as you cope. Iwndwyt
Thank you for sharing. I'm so sorry for your loss and I will not drink with you today..
Turns out Jesus isn't real.  .You probably killed him with your delusions of deities..
Im so sorry for your loss. I lost my farther this way and thats part of why I'm here. This is very humbling to say the least. 
Dude.  Wow.. I am so sorry.  I certainly can relate to alcohol in my family genes.  Its an uphill climb always when it runs in the family.  Know that we are here for you if you ever just want to vent or chat.  
[This is why you're here](http://news.medicine.iu.edu/releases/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism.shtml)....But you knew that.
Your story breaks my heart my friend passed away from drinking years ago downed a whole bottle of jack daniels I need to get sober lasted 3 days last month because of lurking on this sub tired of feeling awful in the morning and ignoring my problems. Tired of my stupidity 
I am so sorry for you're loss.You are honoring and remembering you're brother in the finest way I could imagine.Im sure he will be very proud of youI will not drink with you today x
 [C.S. Lewis - a Grief Observed](http://www.samizdat.qc.ca/arts/lit/PDFs/GriefObserved_CSL.pdf) helps during times of mourning. ..How much we grieve is a sign of how much we loved. ...Big hugs. .
Damn this is heartbreaking. I am so sorry. I hope you are able to maintain sobriety. I appreciate the share because this could truly be any of us and it makes me grateful to still be here. I am so sorry friend 
I am so sorry   
That really is a sobering wake up call for us all. Sorry for your loss and good luck on your journey. We are here for you
I'm really very sorry to read this post ... Thank you for not lurking any more... It is s harsh reminder how our choices affect so many other aspects of life.  Sending best wishes to your family... Keep reading and posting we are all here for each other...
Sending sincere condolences and cyber hugs. IWNDWYT  
I'm so sorry. For all of you I send you peace to soothe your hearts. It's so good to have you here. Let us know how we can help. 
Idlecrime I'm deeply sorry for the loss of your brother. I too have lost a loved one under similar circumstances. I couldn't imagine if it were my brother. May he rest in peace. You know we will always have your back here...IWNDWYT.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm not drinking with you today. 
So sad to hear about this but thankful that you shared. My dad passed away in 2006 and it started my latest dig for the bottom. I recently started my sober journey after realizing (and doing something about it) my mom needed me to be present on a daily basis (dementia). I wish I had known about SD way back then...maybe I could have stayed sober in honor of his incredible life. So to honor my dad today...I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
I am sorry for your loss. If you don't mind me asking - how old was he when he died? Asking because I have several extended family members that died at relatively young ages due to alcohol. It also runs rampant through my family. 
I'm really sorry for your brother. It frightens me I don't think I have many chances left. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm so sorry. I actually stopped here at SD this morning because I found out last night that my brother is going to be admitted to detox. Our genes are what they are but fortunately today we can recognize it. You and your family have my deepest sympathy. You're not alone. 
Very sorry for the tragic loss of your brother 
I'm so sorry for your loss. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. I don't know if I could handle being sober through an experience like that. About a month ago my brother wound up in the ER and it took everything I had not to get blackout drunk. I'm still fighting though and I'm proud of you for taking a positive meaning from this experience...iwndwyt
I'm so sorry for your loss.  If  your loving memory of him helps motivate you to stop that would be a beautiful thing.  IWNDWTY
Sorry for your loss x
