-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8swfao/advice_on_making_amends/

I got very drunk at my friends wedding over a year ago. It was one of my all time lows. I made a show of myself and really embarrassed and annoyed my friend.  It is one of my big regrets. He is really mad at me and rightly so.  It happened at the height of my addiction.  .I stopped drinking over 100 days ago. I really want to sort it out. I never properly apologized..I did tell him that I would explain to him one day. I really wanted to get sober before I spoke with him. I feel now is the time. I am happy to explain my drinking to him. He knows me well but maybe not familiar with the extent of my struggles with alcohol..My plan is to call him and ask to meet for a chat and to apologize for the way I acted. I also want to show him that I have changed. If he doesn't accept my apologies I will be upset but I will feel happier that I tried.  Any advice??
----------immediate responses--------

Seems reasonable to me. I think you're right to go in prepped to explain and apologize but not justify and let your friend decide what's up after that. I know i made an ass of myself at least a couple times and i still cringe about it. But all we can do is say "sorry" and hope. ..All the best with your meet-up and keep your stick on the ice. I'm pulling for ya. :)
I think it sounds like you have the right idea. My only big suggestion would be to remember that all you can do is all you can do. It is a very mature decision in my opinion to apologize and explain to your friend why you acted the way you did. Many people are understanding when we explain ourselves but that doesn't mean everyone will be. The past has already happened and there is no way to change it. The present is all we have to work with. Follow your instinct and tell your friend a) what you are comfortable telling and b) that you have changed and are a different person now. Nobody is perfect and we all make mistakes most people totally understand this. If your friend forgives you awesome. If not I can speak from experience that I have beaten myself up less after having at least tried than I do with situations that I just let go and never got or gave any closure. Enough with my anecdotes though. I wish you all the best in your amends and I sincerely hope things turn out in your favor. May you be well friend. 
Kudos for 100 days!...What helped me was working the steps of AA. They contain tools for making amends. I was told to wait until my sobriety was well established before apologizing.   ..I had a best friend. My behavior when drinking upset her and I did things that hurt her. I tried many times to restore the friendship but it never happened. I was hurt but eventually had to accept/respect her feelings. ..I hope your friend accepts your apology. I would not be defensive or try to over-explain. Explaining your drinking may not be well received so I'd avoid it. ..Good luck. 
As u/SoMuch2Learn shared there are some tried and true methods for looking at the harm I've created by my actions and taking responsibility and moving forward...Getting support is always a good idea...When I do make amends I take responsibility for what I did.  I do it in short sentences.  I don't "explain" or give "justifications" for what I did.  I simply say what I did.  I say I know that it created  harm.  I share that I regret it.  I apologize.  I ask if I there is anything I can do to remedy what I did...After that I may ask the person for forgiveness...That's always a separate act...All I control is owning my actions acknowledging the harm asking if I can do anything to remedy what I did. 
This conversation will either be great or horrible and probably no in between.  Most people will have forgotten and won't be a big deal but there will be some that will remain angry with you. I would not the explanation long or go into great detail and go more into what is going on in your life today. I did not make any amends until I was about 9 months sober and most did not even remember what happened to prompt an amend.
