-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8switd/only_drinking_beer_is_this_a_problem/

I homebrew so I tend to have a lot of beer around the house and while I probably could stand to have a few less on weeknights (probably have 2-3 most days after work but I also tend to brew sub 5% beer so I'm not slamming 9% IPAs) I've never thought of myself as really having a problem with drinking...However I've been out of beer for a few weeks and been too broke to brew or buy more. It's been odd how much I dislike it. Maybe it's just routine but I really hate coming home and not having a beer to drink while cooking or watching TV or whatever. The weather doesn't help because good god it's hot but still. I feel like I shouldn't be struggling this hard with not having beer around the house for a few weeks...It's not the alcohol I want though I don't think. We have plenty of liquor sitting around and I have no desire to drink any of that. I don't like getting drunk on weeknights so it's not like I'm missing my usual habit of blacking out on a Tuesday. I love the taste of beer and I feel like more than the alcohol I just miss having a good drink to enjoy. I'd be equally as happy with soda or kombucha laying around the house as I would with beer on tap (and I'm planning to add a kombucha tap to my keezer later this summer). ..Does this still constitute an alcohol problem? What do y'all think? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi friend. If you are asking that question to a community of people who are trying to stop drinking it would suggest that your relationship with alcohol is problematic. Have you thought about a trial period of sobriety to see how you feel? Maybe 30 days and then reassess? 
To me it just sounds like habit. I like the 30 day idea too. You like your beer. You miss it. My grandfather loved his and he was fine. Lived a happy life into old age. 
Beer is alcohol. 
You're on the wrong sub. Normie plz go.
Sounds like you might like LaCroix my man. 
If you're here asking the question it's often a good indication that something is not quite right about your relationship with alcohol.....Ethanol is an addictive substance and the psychological addiction and habits can develop long before the physical addiction.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....I started out as a beer enthusiast too and eventually moved into homebrewing in a bid to save money and reduce the alarming number of empties I was accumulating... I wrote more about that experience in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lm7oj/what_was_i_thinking/) if you're interested.....[This post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/) describes the typical trajectory of a drinking problem very accurately... I made it well into Stage 3 by the end of 15 years of increasingly heavy regular drinking and it was awful!..You are very wise to be having a good hard think about the role that alcohol is playing in your life.....Hope that helps!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[removed]
By quantity alone it sounds on the high end of healthy I think really only you can decide if it's a problem...If it helps you any here's part of my drinking habits: they used to be a little similar to yours I used to brew and only drink beer and wine and only 1-3 drinks on weeknights but there were definitely game nights where I'd pound beer after beer and have a hard time counting them at the end of the night I never blacked out though and have always been a pleasant drunk for the most part...That's what my habit was like for years 1-6 of daily drinking then my job got super stressful my marriage hit a bump and I moved away from my friend group... the holy trinity of misery! Add to that I decided I wanted to  start getting into whiskey  that's when what was for 6 years a hobby slightly unhealthy habit with maybe 8  big nights  a year became one of the most important tools in my emotional toolkit... fast-forward 2 more years and it was basically my only tool. I used to talk to a friend or got for a long run or swim on a bad day I was now taking long boozy lunches and storming out to the bar after arguments at home. Until 21 days ago what used to be a  big night  5 years ago was my Tuesday... still no black outs but people finally started noticing... and mentioning it... I started looking older than my age and generally had become apathetic a little slow and fat...I don't know if it was inevitable that I became a problem drinker or if I could have taken better care of myself and just stayed a  more than average  drinker I guess that's the question you're asking now too I wish I had asked it sooner myself...Good luck! 
If you are on here and are asking then it must be troubling you somewhat? But truly only you can say if it's a problem.  ..I wasn't getting blackout drunk every night or anything but I was using alcohol to escape my emotional problems. For me that's a problem. It became habitual and what might not be that bad at first always spirals through time. 
Hey fellow home brewer :)..I also thought the same like you but I've quit as it was taking more and more headspace. And I found it harder to moderate...Alcohol is the most addictive and destructive hard drug on the planet. Worse than cocain and heroin. While you may not have a massive issue now odds are that it will get worse..It got worse for me I got more hangovers despite the fact I didn't drink that much...I already miss brewing beer but instead I decided to make pizzas and buy a pizza oven...Good luck with your decision. In any case IWNDWYT. 
