-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8swzx0/2_solid_months_just_wanted_to_celebrate_with/

Things really aren't great for me.  Sobriety has pretty much opened up the door to dealing with a whole lot of other issues that had gone ignored.  I am struggling pretty badly right now but doing it sober so I guess I will call that a win.  ..Why does life hurt so bad?  Can anyone relate? Is this normal at around 60 days?
----------immediate responses--------

congrats. it gets better. I am just past the year mark. 
Congrats on 60 days. That's awesome. This is totally anecdotal but in my experience what you are describing is normal. Self medicating is something a ton of alcoholics do. We drink to mask or problems then when we quit they all come back. It can be super easy to backslide at this point but if you can find a way to work through these problems (self help therapy etc) not only will you feel tons better but you'll actually decrease your likelihood of relapse. You are at a very important point in your journey and it is becoming more about healing wounds and less about fighting urges. At three months in my case fighting urges was very rarely an issue so if my experience is any indication you have that to look forward to. Sobriety though is about more than just not drinking. It is about coming out of the valley we have been in. Since people require more work than others but we are all fighting the same fight essentially. If you would like suggestions about what might help I and a boatload of other users here would be glad to share some possibilities. My advice at this point would be to try to stay as strong as you can. You've come very far and your progress is quite admirable. You just need to discover some things to help you get beyond this past of your journey. If you can't come up with anything this community has a ton of knowledge and we will help you as much as we can. Be well friend. 
Me too and me too.  You're not alone.
&gt; Why does life hurt so bad? Can anyone relate?..&lt;wipes face&gt; eeeeh boy can I relate. From broken stuff to a broken family relations to a suicide close by...Yes you bet: life often isn't *that* easy *that* smooth...On the other hand I can also count my blessings. Here I am talking with you on a laptop I'm really happy with. I'm using an internet connection and I'm so happy I can afford it; there were times I had to share a 10 hour/month dial-up connection. I love my wife dearly. I enjoy the books that I read (currently: "The Outsider"). I love a good TV series. I'm mobile. ..There is much to be sad about. There is much to be grateful for. ..With the sad stuff I make lists. What is it why does it make me feel this way and what can I do about it? If I can't fix the thing itself what's the next best thing I can do for or against it?..With the grateful stuff I try to focus on it. Of course I forget. Who doesn't? But every once in a while I like to remind myself that things could be worse...&gt; Is this normal at around 60 days?..Dunno. Maybe it's normal around day *whatever* in life?..I think it's OK to feel whatever it is. Sunny days are *great* but when it rains it doesn't mean Life is defect. In the same way I think we have up days and down days; periods where everything goes smooth and periods where we seem to be positioned right in front of the proverbial fan that's being hit by you know what...But it's OK to feel it. I don't need to "make it go away." I don't need to grab a bottle or pill. It's OK to feel it -- and then it's OK to think "ok so now what? This is what it is now what can I do? What would I *know* needs doing if I saw this in a movie?"..Corny sure. Why not :)..Of course you and I we have a secret weapon; *today*. We're doing *this* one day at a time; we can do *that* one day at a time too...My inbox is always open 'k? OK.
.You go on with your bad self!   Congrats!
Good deal! I lapse time and again... but the mindset stays the same! Stay sober
Awesome work my friend! And it is work! Tackle on thing at a time and keep remembering how strong you are! .YOU GOT THIS! 
It's easy to bury your pain and life frustrations in a bottle of alcohol. It's quite a bit harder to do it sober and face them head on. I read a message earlier that going sober after living so long with the bottle is like learning to ride a bike again.  You should celebrate the 2 months with something fun and special (no alcohol). I don't know what the percentage is but I believe it's under 10% at this point for in a relapse. That means you've been stronger than 90% of the people who attempt to quit and that's something to celebrate.  Good luck you got this.
It's absolutely normal. And it's absolutely a HUGE win to be doing it sober. I didn't really know how to handle big problems and I had to figure it out. And that took me a while certainly more than 60 days..Congrats on 2 months sober.
Yep we care and we feel ya! Let's celebrate real life and working toward honesty with all its warts. Congrats on the two months!
First of all congrats :) that's really huge and you should feel proud of yourself. I know what you mean though after this long it's almost like ok it's really real now now I have to deal with all this shit. ..It can get overwhelming and that's when I'm like ok I have to let this out of my head. On here in the chat go to a meeting call a friend that knows I'm in recovery. It's ok to feel that way though I just try to not dwell on it because that's when I get in trouble. I'm on my second la croix of the night so I'll drink that with you tonight :)
I hear you. My boyfriend asked me today "Is it getting easier?" and I had to honestly answer no. It's getting harder. I have to deal with things now. And feel all the fear and confusion of not knowing how. Pretty sure it's the only way I'm going to actually grow as a person and make progress on being who I want to be at this point though. I'm trying to accept that I'm trading one kind of pain for another and only one of them is actually productive and loving.
I am right there with you comrade having a pretty bad day today can feel that familiar pit of depression  knocking on the door which I haven't felt since I stopped drinking I won't allow myself to fall into bad habits as I know it only makes things worse. I will not drink with you today.
Me too sequence of bad days after a month sober and I'm not feeling optimistic. But good news my skin is looking better and I swam two day in a row!
Two months is awesome. I'm sorry to hear you're feeling down. I know what you mean in that not drinking means not numbing out feelings. So there they are even if we don't want to look at them. Tough times do pass. Keep taking good care of yourself. Sending all the good vibes your way.
It can sure take a while to clean up a lot of the stuff that's been swept aside or made worse from the drinking days. Glad you can be here with us to share your two solid months. Congrats!! It will get better! Happy to not drink with you today! 
Great job!
2 months is huge!  It was a hard place for me to get to the first couple of times around.  Well done.
Well done. ..I will not drink with you today.
%100 my experience.Having to face the decades of problems... Good times.You get through it then it's awesome 
Dude you are the person I wish I had been a few years. I finally quit when it was  easy  but I lost so much by not stopping sooner.  I'm lucky I did not wind up homeless or dead. You are a champion. ..I hope I don't make you anxious by saying this but you are a wonderful example to anyone who is struggling and following you. Overcoming an  easy  struggle is always good but it's overcoming the overwhelming challenges is the stuff that helps build our character and brings us one step closer to our goals and dreams. ..IWNDWYT 
First 3 months is shitty it gets better OP. Well done on 60 days you're almost through the worst of it. 
Hi. What you are feeling is totally normal for us. It means that you are facing things instead of escaping into a bottle. It means you are beginning to grow as a person. It means you are brave. Despite the emotional pain you are choosing the harder path. It will pay off. It will take some time. You will get to a place where you feel great most of the time. I promise. Just don't give up. Deal with things as they come up. Slowly. And please do yourself a favor and find trustworthy people you can talk to about what you're going through. Don't keep this stuff to yourself. It can't be done alone. Not if you want quality sobriety.  Hang on.
Im gonna say it again like Ive said it like a thousand times. I felt like a bag of assholes until around day 75.  All of a sudden I had a really good day for no reason and everything seemed brighter...I still feel a bit of brain fog and like I dont have very much overall self control. After all I used to get smashed a lot and its not like I gained. any stimulating hobbies....Oh! I will say that I enjoy anime and games a lot now. It took a long time. I even forced myself to read books outloud. But its kinda like your brain needs time to adjust to not constantly being flooded on and off with extreme stimulation. Once it evens out everything starts to pop out like you're wearing 3d glasses.
I really recommend starting to get physically active. I started walking when I got sober and now I visit the gym three days of the week. I'm no doctor but I think exercise gives us dopamine which is a mood enhancer. I honestly didn't know what to do with my free time when I wasn't getting drunk or hungover and going for walks really was the key for me. I feel great and am in the best shape I've been in in 20 years. My next step is to get into yoga at 52 years. Good luck to you OP!
I don't know why but I agree life just hurts so bad sometimes. I've been dealing with all my shit since getting sober and it's been the worst. I feel so stuck I can't and don't want to go back to drinking... but I'm not that happy in sobriety yet either. Some days are ok and some days are good but some days and weeks are just the worst. Know you are not alone... IWNDWYT. 
Snap. I'm one day ahead of you and I'm feeling all the feels... 
Congrats on two months ! We definately care. It's hard work and you should feel proud. I'm kind of in the same boat - I used the false happiness of liquor to mask all my inner shit and now I don't know how to deal. I'm learning to take it day by day and it is getting easier- I'd never want to go back to day one - but yes it's still really hard. .I've no advice on fixing things since I'm not there myself yet but I do know I hate myself less with no morning after regret no shame at what I might have said/did and that's better than I was so that's what I'm hanging onto. Wishing you the best  I'll not drink with you today. 
It gets better. 2 months is fantastic. Good luck!
You should be proud. Focus on your goals. You are truly doing great. It's going to be difficult but it's truly worth it. I'm proud of you. Please stay strong
On my journey I felt the same around day 60. All we can do is face the chaos a little bit at a time. ..Some of my hardest days were around 30 60 and 99. Chaos in waves nothing stays consistent. Some days are harder than others. 
I try and just solve what things I can /u/pessimistdiary. Even if it's a small thing they add up..
Hey fellow two-monther! If it means anything life hasn't been easy for me either; ESPECIALLY over these last two months. But then again life has never been easy. The difference between now and then is I've restored enough of my mind to see that nothing has changed except that my head doesn't hurt my wasteline is thinner and my wallet is fatter. ..Drinking for me was an escape pure and simple. I didn't want to deal with the fact that I hate my job sometimes my university degree is useless and everybody takes advantage of me because I'm young na ve and full of impotent rage so I didn't. Drinking gave me a reprieve from that for a few hours. These days though I've found ways to deal with those issues in a more constructive way. I wouldn't say things have gotten better but they sure as hell haven't gotten worse. Chin up I'll be right here with you. Iwndwyt
Definitely normal!!!! But I'm so excited for you because in a month or two you'll be past this rough point and have a plan for dealing with all the shit that was previously put off. My thing was finances. And my marriage. Husband and I started going to counseling more and dealing with our issues sober. And finances. We spent sooooooo much drinking. We're STILL catching up there. However I'm seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. 2 of our debts from drinking have turned to wage garnishments. So stressful things have happened. I started running to  escape  from the stress. Stress really needs a place to go and be vented. Exercise has helped me a lot there. Anyway at this point I can deal better with stress have better plans and my marriage is in th best place it's ever been. I'm having more fun then I've ever had. That wouldn't have been my reality without getting sober. I felt like you at 2 months in. I allowed myself to wallow in it but not drink. Just deeply feel all your feelings. To me that was the opposite of what I would have done when drinking. When drinking I would try to escape those feelings. But they don't kill you and it gets better and easier. ..Congratulations on your huge accomplishment. And cheers to your new life. IWNDWYT 
2 months is a fantastic and solid accomplishment. People here have already said such wise things. The first few months of sobriety are the hardest. Things get better as you build up more days of doing the right thing but at first it's hard to have faith that all those days of doing the right thing will pay off. ..Even today I have to remind myself that it's OK that I feel bad about bad things happening. That it's normal. And that it's OK to reach out for help and it's best for me to be honest. Hiding how badly things are going doesn't work out well for me. So it's a new way of living and coping for me. Learning changing and growing can feel really uncomfortable sometimes...Slow and steady wins the race. ..Congratulations on 2 months. That is awesome. 
i stopped for 3 months last fall and i remember wishing i was dead a lot in the middle of it. i think its about learning to live all over again a different life. you're slowly leaving the past behind and that can hurt. keep going.
Hey congrats on the 2 months!..Sorry to hear about the issues. If sobriety has opened the door the dealing with them then hopefull that will mean a end to them eventually. Life does hurt sometimes hope you are able to find help and love.
I started running a lot to push through it all.  It really helped me with all the shitty feelings about myself. .I don't even think about drinking anymore - you'll get there if you stick with it! 
