-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sxjlw/feeling_a_little_lost/

So I'm not quite sure how to use the counter for sobriety days here on reddit I've been counting on my phone. I am at 69 days. I am dedicated to 80 days of being sober. Lately I have noticed that I want a drink badly. I keep trying to remind myself of why I started and I am really nervous about drinking again and falling into old habits. Is there any advice anyone can offer?. I just am struggling and feeling guilty already.
----------immediate responses--------

It's on the sidebar under "badges". There's a form to request it and then a mod will approve it...I mean I'm only 2 days in but I figure the shame of a relapse is a motivator in keeping me on the straight and narrow personally. No sense in starting over when you have a good streak going.
Hey Dani congrats on the 69 days! That's awesome! Maybe check out the book This Naked Mind for a quick and easy weekend read. It truly changed my thinking about drinking and gave me relief for the first time in my 16 years of heavy drinking from the urge and desire to drink. Either way let us know how it goes and IWNDWYT! 
Do you want to tell us why you started? Maybe it will help to say it out loud and remind yourself and hear other people relate. No pressure only if you feel like it would help. ..I know I started because I felt like physical and emotional shit all the time and I was lying to people who are really important to me. I didn't like the person I was more and more quickly becoming to serve my drinking habit. I also know I can't put a specific day of when I might consider drinking again on this or I would eventually be like why bother waiting if I'm just going to start again. I have to take it day by day or I'm sunk. ..I wish you strength and courage to do what you really feel is the best thing for you. 69 days is really great...
The urge to drink has really tapered off with me but there have been some close calls. If you feel lost just take a deep breath and evaluate your situation. If you've made it this far it's been for a reason. Be proud of yourself.
[removed]
Why are you feeling guilty about picking back up after you reach your goal? Could be your "gut" telling you something. I started in February of last year with a goal of 90 days and like you as that day approached I started getting itchy. I relapsed somewhere between four and five months of sobriety. Since then I've cleaned back up and relapsed chronically because every single time I relapse my sanity takes a nosedive. It gets harder to detox every time. Is that something you're willing to risk? 
