-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sy7is/5_days_sober/

Today marks 5 days since my most recent relapse. ..A couple years ago I decided to quit alcohol until I graduated from engineering school. After graduation I figured I'd keep it going until I got a job. I got a decent career-oriented job soon after and continued to stay sober. When the first company party came up I wrongly assumed I'd be able to handle my drinking and made a fool of myself that very night. The following weeks were marked with binge drinking that caused me to call in sick just to nurse my hangovers. I had to quit again if I wanted to keep my job. I did just that and went another 6 months sober. ..My work-life fell apart for other reasons and I ended up quiting my job. Severely depressed I continued to stay sober for another 3 months. I was anxious and looking for respite from the miserable life I was living. I fell back into old habits and blew through most of my saving over the following months. I was also smoking a lot of weed. It got to a point where I was drinking a 12-pack a night. My habits really put a strain on my relationships with my roommates and friends. ..In early May I got sober again with the support of my family. I started to exercise regularly until I hurt my knee. Bored and anxious I started to smoke a lot of weed again. Then last week I decided to have a drink by myself which quickly opened the floodgates once again...I talked to my parents this past Sunday and confessed about my relapse. They've been very supportive while I've stayed with them this past week. My plan is to abstain from both weed and alcohol for the time being one day at a time. Though I'm scared because of my addictive and often impulsive behavior that leads to relapse. The avoided responsibilities in my life continue to plague me with anxiety but I'm trying to face this all head on...It sucks though because I'm not happy and haven't been for a very long time. I don't get the same enjoyment I used to from things like sports and exercise. Waking up in the morning is a hurdle in of itself. I'm worried about my own ability to tackle the obstacles in front of me..
----------immediate responses--------

I guess my badge only says 4 days right now but regardless IWNDWYT
Sounds like you've been through a lot. Have you thought about therapy? If you're not getting enjoyment from the things that you once did you might be depressed and therapy can help with that. Or maybe talk to your doctor first? ..I also struggle with addictive/impulsive behavior and the book This Naked Mind helped me to see booze in a different light so now it's not the first thing I go to when I'm feeling the itch. ..It's tough to do the right thing but it's great you opened up to your parents and they're supportive. The first week can be tough but keep up the good work!
[removed]
Good on you for taking charge of your situation. You have proved before that this is doable you will do it again. Stay strong I will not drink with you today! 
