-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8t53l4/my_withdrawals_get_worse_every_time_i_relapse_i/

24 hours under my belt. I was nursing on Smirnoff throughout the day before downing about 750ml/daily. The withdrawals ofc started late last night. I couldn't sleep for shit and I had nerve wracking anxiety...Today I literally feel like I'm going to do. I'm so tired like I haven't slept in days but my body won't lay down and go to sleep. Everything hurts from exhaustion. I've gotta headache going on migraine right now my hands are so shaky that I'm having trouble writing this and I'm naseous as shit and haven't eaten since yesterday. Truly I feel like I could have the flu but it's just my body screaming for it's hooch. ..I swear everytime this shit happens and I relapse and then quit again the withdrawals just get fucking worse. I don't want to do this again guys. I just want to be sober and feel good...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I got medical attention with symptoms like yours. Look up "Kindling" and you'll understand why withdrawal gets worse every time. I would see a doctor or go to the ER now. 
Kindling is a thing. Be careful and don't hesitate to seek medical attention if needed. I also felt like trash - very similar to what you're describing minus the migraines. If your body (especially your heart and brain) are trying to tell you something do it a favor and listen...Sending good vibes your way.
I'm sorry. I'm right with you. Reset my badge this afternoon and riding out the onslaught of withdrawal. ..I'm no doctor so you need to decide if you need medical help to get through safely. ..Withdrawal does get worse each time. ..Please stay strong and I will too. .Please look after yourself. ..
I'm right there with you.  Coming up on 24 hours soon and I feel like I wanna hurl and I had bad anxiety at work all damn day.
I found  electrolytes with hydration to  help . I had an experience stopping last year where I was drinking and drinking water but kept feeling like I had the flu and was thirsty and nauseated. As soon as I went 1/2 Powerade to water things were a ton better. I was constantly nursing that mixture for about three days and it made a huge difference. I wasn't drinking as much as what you're talking about but I think all over drinking can do a number on your body's ability to rehydrate even when it's trying to rebalance.
You might be interested to google "Kindling Effect"...Take care of yourself.
Fear of [the Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) keeps me on the path for sure. Just remember how bad this sucks and don't forget it again. 
 I'm hoping that you have already had someone bring you to the E.R.  D.T.s strokes and seizures are no joke.    
I've been there. Please care for yourself. If going to the hospital makes sense please check it out. ..Below is a quote that my best friend shared with me on  - what later turned out to be - my last detox. It was brutal and terrible and I kept begging to just give up. ..I share this because it resonated very strongly with me and I read it nearly every day of my first year. I hope it can be helpful for you as well. .. It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly...  - Theodore Roosevelt..Much respect for what you are working through tonight. IWNDWYT 
I hope you are okay. I've never heard of the kindling effect. This is my first attempt to quit after about a year of a 12 to 18 pack a day. This really makes me even more aware of my problems and what could happen if I return to drinking.  I almost drank tonight.  I told myself I could have 1 glass of wine. It would be better than 18 beers. My husband was supposed to make dinner tonight. I ended up making it and never got around to the wine.  It damn well wouldn't have been 1 glass. I thought about drinking that 1 glass all fucking day. I rationalized it all day long. Then I was madder than hell that I had to cook dinner. I took it out on my hubs by slamming shit around in the kitchen.  He thinks I was mad I had to cook dinner. At the time I thought I was too. But now I know the real reason. I wanted to get drunk. In hindsight the events happened for a reason. Sorry for rambling.  I really do hope you're okay.  I hope the suffering goes away soon. Please let us know how you're doing. I'm worried about you and dont even know you.  
