-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ta6tt/didnt_succumb_to_grief/

I wrote last week that my father is ill and I was concerned it might make me want to drink. ..Well I was tempted! Each night after spending the day at the hospital (my father has not been a particularly good father to put it mildly which makes it all even more challenging) I longed for a glass of wine. Serious cravings. But one of the great things about having multiple periods of long sobriety and relapses is that I've LEARNED. I know the craving won't last. I know that if I drink I'll regret it...The best news is that my father is making a recovery (fingers crossed; he's not entirely better) and that I was able to be there to give his wonderful wife a break from visiting him at the hospital. The other best news is that I didn't drink...I'm about to head off on a trip with my family and they'll all be drinking. (Though none of them seem to drink to excess like I do - they all seem to stop after a drink or two something I could never do.)  ..However. I plan to meditate each morning exercise write and go to this sub as needed. I plan to take deep breaths and ride out the cravings like painful labour contractions that ultimately pass. I plan to take it a day at a time and live each moment the very best I can. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I will not smoke with you today...P.s. Is there a way to spell Joanna without J?
I think you mean drink?..No other way than with a J. Just me poking fun. 
I'm happy to hear that your father is getting slightly better.   ...One thing I notice is that you pointed out that his wife is **wonderful**. Whoah. This struck me. I can imagine that this helps... even if just a bit.  ...You're my hero (really) -- it'd be so easy to listen to the voices but it's seismic when we make it to the next day. Thinking of you. Rooting for you. Your plan to meditate each morning and have a ritual... I may steal ;)  ...Thanks for the reminder...IWNDWYT!   .\&gt;&gt;Space
Good luck. You sound like you're in a great place.
Ps. Awesome to be here with you too... really glad I am actually   
