-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tcrku/today_is_day_1_what_should_i_expect/

I made a new account to participate here...I want to write some stuff below but first I want to ask a question: how bad am I going to feel tonight and tomorrow? I know it's kind of a trope to say I don't drink "that" much but it's somewhere between 4-5 16oz pints of 7.2&amp;#37; beer. Sometimes a little less sometimes more sometimes throughout the day. I found some charts and stuff online about what I can expect from withdrawals. I don't think I drink enough to worry about the particularly life-threatening issues but what else can I expect?..So I guess today is the first day. I've read a lot of posts here that have kind of resonated particularly about the myth of the "functional" alcoholic -- that it's just a stage and not really a state...A few years ago when I started to realize I might have a problem I read a series of essays. They were very nicely written and had some ideas that have really stayed with me. Things like "alcoholics always know exactly how much alcohol they have left" and that "the biggest struggle was drinking enough to feel alright but \_not\_ drinking so much that you're drunk and your wife can see it." My life kind of revolves around both of these things and at least in that sense has been fairly successful. Thankfully she sleeps early so it's easy to kill those last few beers and stagger off to bed without her knowing. She probably does. She's not especially observant but she is smart and I think has been avoiding this topic of discussion...Anyway the last few months have been kind of rough. I went back to school for a career change and it's mostly going well. But today -- a free Saturday -- I woke up the way I have many times in the last few months. A hangover headache not bad enough to keep me in bed all day but bad enough to stop me from doing anything I want to do. I have a lot of sketches to do but the sun is too bright. I wanted to play a game but the light -- even now as I write this -- from the screen is too bright. I've noticed that my skin has gone to shit over the last year or so. My eyes permanently look tired. I've gained a bunch of wait in a very predictable way for someone who kills nearly a six pack of high calorie beer everyday...Reading some posts here have been encouraging. I figured that I would keep along like this until I hit some sort of rock bottom and crashed my car or wound up in jail or something stupid but I don't think that's a good idea. ..Thanks for letting me write something.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! You don't have to wait until you get a DUI or lose a job or a marriage. Rock bottom can be now if you choose to stop digging. ..Everyone is different in terms of withdrawals. I was drinking a bottle of wine a night and then a couple shots of vodka. For whatever reason I didn't have withdrawal symptoms apart from some insomnia. But if you are concerned or if you start to experience some  don't be afraid to get medical help. Withdrawals can be really dangerous if not managed properly...Wishing you luck. You will find so much love support and wisdom here. IWNDWYT 
Waiting for jail or serious consequences is something I would highly recommend you avoid. Not sure where your from but the legal system is a huge hassle sometimes lasting more than a year. You don't need that crap. ..I'll tell ya the first week or so won't be fun. It's difficult to figure out what to do with yourself. You have to establish a plan and get going on it which is so hard to do. It took a long time for me to get there. I can't say if you will have physical symptoms or not. But my bet is you will experience some anxiety. (It is so so common) just hang in there. Keep yourself busy and hydrated. Get good food into ya. You got this!..I will not drink with you today  
[removed]
glad you are joining us. ..i guess restlessness and boredom were up there for me. it was difficult to have to learn to find new tools to overcome those. i had to focus on the 'one day at a time' mantra and work to get back into things i used to enjoy before drinking became my number one hobby. ..reading watching series doing a bit of exercise cooking baking podcasts. slowly but surely the joy returned. not gonna lie it wasn't easy at first but it did get easier as time passed and boy has it been worth it...congrats on taking the first step and i am not drinking with you today!
In the sidebar under Saturday Shares there are people's stories.  The triumphs crashes perseverance relapse surrender and more.  They all have in common how much better their life is and how happy they are to be free of the burden of alcohol. I hear you on the fat gut which is total sign of insulin resistance.  I just took my measurements (The Horror!) and I look forward to dumping the gut right alongside you.  Welcome aboard the sober train!  IWNDWYT
Expect your brain to keep trying to talk you into drinking all day long every two minutes. I used sunflower seeds in the Shell to keep my hands and mouth busy. I binge watched trash on Netflix. I took hot bathes and drank a ton of ice water. Keep reading here and stay focused you can do it.
