-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ten0e/i_used_to_hate_saturday_mornings/

I used to hate Saturday mornings.  They meant nursing a hangover dealing with the dread and humiliation of the night before.  They meant finally rolling out of bed at 4 or 5 in the afternoon because my tongue felt like sandpaper and my poor dog needed to be fed.  The absolute existential despair and overwhelming nihilism I felt came dangerously close to being more than I could bear on far too many occasions.  The loneliness was palpable.  The isolation was my only friend.  It was awful...Nine months ago I found out my girlfriend (now wife) was pregnant.  I'd never planned on being a father I didn't think I deserved it.  But I made a decision that night that I could never drink again.  I know most 12-steppers will tell you  one day at a time  but I knew if I looked at it that way I'd just be giving myself permission to drink again one day. I haven't had a drink since.  ..Now Saturday morning means waking up early and cuddling in bed with my wife and newborn.  It means taking my stepson to the farmers market and getting a cup of coffee that's way too expensive.  It means doing laundry running errands washing the car it means being a human being again...Now that I've tasted the kind of life I never thought possible I don't even flirt with the idea of going back.  I can't do that to my wife my daughter or myself.  We all deserve better.  I'll be the archetype of what it means to be a man to my daughter as she grows up.  I want her to expect the men in her life to be present respectful responsible and have a vigor for life.  I could never do that as a drunk...If you're struggling do WHATEVER you have to do.  AA Antabuse therapy find Jesus or all of the above.  I promise you the rewards you'll find will be worth the initial struggle.  It will be worth the withdrawal the PAWS the loss of drinking buddies the awkward transition to dealing with reality head on...It doesn't matter how you do it just do it.  Start today.  Don't waste one more precious day of your beautiful life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this!!! 
Amen. 
If you find out that you're not the father and the baby belongs to another man will you be able to resist drinking?
Beautifully written! Thank you!!!
Well that was interesting.. I'm very happy for you.  Your story is wonderful and I'm very excited for your daughter and her welcome into this world being able to have all the love and care from her family.  And I love Saturday mornings more too.  IWNDWYT 
This is so honest close to home and inspiring thanks for sharing.
What an inspiration. Congrats to you. Sounds like you have a beautiful life.
Brilliant post thank you :-)
That was a beautiful read my friend. Congratulations! ..I am in a similar position. I made a snap decision to quit after having a massive bender. I was so drunk I was swaying out at some strip club at 4am. I woke up disgusted with myself. I'm 34 now and realised that just ain't cool and I'm too old for that shit. ..I also have a new baby son and he is the reason I'm doing this. It's all about my family now. ..Today I was up at 5am worked out cleaned out the closet took the family out for lunch and went to a museum and so much more. It truly is amazing. ..I have to admit that there is a thought it the back of my mind that maybe one day I could drink again. However it's coming on here and reading posts like yours that keeps tipping me in the direction of never touching another drink again. Not just drink but any drug. ..Thank you and best wishes. Enjoy the previous time with your newborn. It's magical! ..IWNDWYT
Awesome post thanks for this!  $6 farmers market coffee cheers to you :-)
Just came here to say I liked your handle but you are a good writer too well done. Onward and upward!
Why do you think one day at a time is giving yourself permission to drink one day?..We have sobernauts who've done "one day at a time" for over ten thousand days. I view it as "you can't control tomorrow so just control today."
It sounds like you have really matured into what a true man is. I feel the same way. More than anything I realized that I was being so immature getting drunk every weekend. It's like a kid who's whole life is his video games. Of course alcohol is worse because not only does it shut out real life it also makes our real life worse with the problems we create while drunk. I wish I embraced this maturity so long ago I really do. I'm never looking back either Patrick. 
Thanks for sharing such an inspiring post !  You're doing great! Keep it up.
Weekend mornings with ridiculously overpriced coffee are my favorite. Keep up the good work! 
Thank you for writing &amp; sharing that.
