-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tff2x/i_lost_my_love_but_i_gained_sobriety/

I've struggled with drinking and drugs from time to time in my life sometimes greatly.  Past childhood trauma and anxiety/depression/ptsd are my excuses and years of therapy and meds and a hospitalization are the excuses I have used.  really - i have just not tried hard enough at 43 I'm back at 90 days.  I spent my 20's ranging drunk i don't know how I survived I don't remember a lot.  I had friends from college I later talked to who visited me and I don't remember at all and they said they didn't think I'd be surviving long.  But I persevered.  Enough to get my act together in low thirties get sober excel at job have two kids get promoted exercise away my demons and rise to a world class level in my sport some AA.  Then too much work family stress divorce affair drinking began after I'd had 7ish years of marriage 2 kids and at least 4 years sober began drinking again.  It continued.  after the devastation of my divorce I met a wonderful woman who became my best friend and lover and for 3 years we were together all the time me drinking either heavily trying to stop or lying about it and just not drinking around her.  she's not dumb.  she could smell it on me up to a day and a half or so later.  She loved me deeply.  there are children involved.  We all tried our best...Well I haven't drank since end of March when I had yet another "one more chance" and showed up for family breakfast hung over and smelling and lying about drinking.  I don't even know why I drank and why I lied.  I just compartmentalized so much to myself that I just can't even really admit things like that.  I cop out by not answering just shutting down so I don't have to "lie".   ..Anyhow we broke up.  It wasn't the first time.  I haven't drank since then.  And i'm still sober to today.  The relationship faded slowly with a few more starts and fades - ultimately culminating to a total shock to me - realizing only after the fact in talking how out of sync we'd been on the trip and she was on her way to ending everything - determining that she can't be with someone with depression really probably addiction also.  That I don't nearly have enough empathy and she has too much.  I've quit the drinking and slowly building some sobriety since end of March.  I am feeling fairly confident in that.  I helped her recently with some work - and had a conversation after with her.  I apologized in tears for really never getting to show her a relationship with a sober and happy me - but on the way as my sobriety builds and empathy comes back in.  All I can see in my heart is a future with her but sobriety from alcohol first. ..a few days pass.  We talk today.  She says she has no love left for me anymore and to stop trying.  I know she's done.  ..But I'm not drinking.  ..And the strange twist is that I'm now dedicated for me and I'll be victorious and happy and she'll not get to experience the man she wanted as that sobriety will continue to build.   The emotions sit heavy without booze to drown them.  I lost my love and best friend.  I lost children. Feels like divorce again but somehow oddly worse - I see how I chose to sabotage it the whole way.  I have to confront it and hold my accountable for the damage I caused and I don't yet know how to make amends and I don't know if that would cause more damage...Music and hot yoga help...And not drinking brings more clarity and stability.  I'm vaping CDB to taper down MJ for anxiety and also pressing for more time/help from my doctor - considering some aggressive anxiety/depression treatments...I'm convinced I lost my partner and my love and two wonderful children.  I learned valuable lessons and am re-steeled in my sobriety and treating my issues to be happy and healthy for myself for my children.  And someday a mate.
----------immediate responses--------

Your story really touched my heart thanks for sharing.  You are going through some pretty rough stuff hang in there you are on the right path.  I have been treated for depression it really made a difference for me.  Not drinking also reduced my anxiety by a lot.  I'm sorry your relationship didn't work out just know that an internet stranger is out there pulling for you.  We can do this sober thing.  This group is awesome.
I really felt this..I wish you the best from the bottom of my heart..P.S. children forgive. You never really loose them.
still sober.  and being in better communication and connection to the woman I love.  We aren't back together but do love each other as i continue to work on my sobriety - which continues since March.
