-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8thl28/good_afternoon/

Good afternoon everyone. I do hope you are all well...So I awoke late this morning after having a fantastic sleep and catching up from the night before. I must say it was needed even if I did sleep in quite late...It's a glorious day outside so seems a shame to waste it so I'm on the train now off to a couple of shops to pick up some nerdy stuff that I can afford due to not drinking this weekend and then having a walk from there to have a late Sunday lunch with my friend and his family...It is in a pub but I'm not too worried as everyone there knows about my struggle with alcohol and is supportive and I wouldn't be going if it was anyone else I was going to meet. Plus the grub there is excellent and I get a 3 mile walk before and after...It's only been a handful of days but I feel a damn sight more alive awake and peaceful than I have done in a while and also hydrated which is so important and I was forgetting...I made sure I stayed up quite late last night to ensure a good night's sleep even though I was tired. The normal routine at the weekend is me and four other friends meet up on team speak and we all watch something in sync together. It's really quite fun and something I have come to look forward to every week over the last few months. I saw there and really appreciated the network I have at that same time every week last night and know how lucky I am to have that in place. I was taking it for granted when it started and every week up until now and by the fact I would never be able to have this in my life if I was back in time by a year because I would be out at a pub after work...Anyways enough prattling. I hope you all have a great day whatever you get up to and I will not drink with you today :).
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work!
Good luck! IWNDWYT 
Sounds like a great day you have planned enjoy your Sunday lunch :)
Nice! Great to hear...Keep it going Todo!.I will not drink with you today..
Best of luck to you! IWNDWYT
Well done.
