-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8thqq0/not_everybody_is_doing_it/

Happy Sunday morning.  Just wanted to share a minor (but powerful for me) revelation I had last night the movies. ..Like most alcoholics I imagine I suffer from the distorted perception of reality that everyone is drinking at every outing/activity and I am going to be the odd duck out.  ..Last night I went to the movies with a friend to see Jurassic World.  This friend is a pretty much a non-drinker.  She's the type who would maybe drink 1/3 a frozen summer cocktail IF she happened to be on a cruise but that's the only time.  Before going to the movies I didn't say anything about my sobriety to her.  My friends have been through the cycle with me before so this time I want to get some time under my belt before sharing my commitment to the sober life.  With no knowledge of my sobriety she assumed I'd get a beer at the theater because 99&amp;#37; of the time I do.  Well after a very intense internal struggle I made it to my seat sans alcohol which is nothing short of a miracle for me in that environment.  ..In my broken head I had prepared myself to be SURROUNDED by alcohol for the entire film.  My memories of going to the movies featured images of EVERYONE drinking.  I mean the theater serves alcohol so how could the entire row of seats not be drinking?? Don't these people know it's a Saturday night!  I was shocked to look around and notice that not a single person on our row had alcohol.  They all were happily drinking their sodas and waters.  It was a perception altering moment.  I realized that a lot of people live their lives without alcohol at the front and center.  While I was drinking I always assumed that everyone else was too.  I was so focused on how much I could drink and measuring out my drinks during the movie as to not run out that I never noticed that I was probably one of the few actually taking the theater up on it's alcohol offerings.  It was a happy revelation to see that the world isn't as booze-soaked as I always thought...PS:  Jurassic World:  Fallen Kindgom was awesomeeee.  Highly recommend!  I enjoyed it much more than the first Jurassic World and I actually got to appreciate the small things in it since I wasn't just counting my beers the entire film...PSS:  I realize putting myself in a situation that I connect so heavily with alcohol is a dumb decision in such early sobriety but we had purchased these tickets a month ago when our local theater did pre-release tickets since JW is such a big movie.
----------immediate responses--------

OK! Way to go on the Movie and no drinks. Awesome!..We need these victories .. Small and large to build sober "muscles" ... ..IWNDWYT
Thanks for the interesting post. Before I gave up drinking I specifically remember saying "I can't imagine seeing a movie without getting a beer." Now I'm back to the habit I had when I was a kid of getting a giant coke some popcorn and Milkduds or other candy. It's just as enjoyable if not more. 
What a great post! Interesting to hear how other people's minds work and realise its alot more common among those of us on this sub! 
Nice job. I haven't been to the movies in ages and I had NO idea that theaters sold beer. Like wow. I'm kind of in shock. 
I just read an article about how most people don't really drink; I'll try to find it. I knew the stats regarding this but I guess I didn't have a clear picture in my head before--*most people don't really drink*. ..My friend was explaining why total sobriety was never going to be practical for him and he said it's because everyone drinks--everyone goes to bars everyone has drinks on dates he said. It's what you do...But they don't and it's not. I told him. He flatly did not believe it. I saw his mind working trying to visualize "people" and failing to locate them without a drink in their hand. Maybe some people in Iowa he said. ..I saw everyone as drinking too because I was there to drink with them; I was looking for them. But if I were a dog person at the dog park all the time I'd think everyone was a dog person. Most people don't even have a dog!
Even in my heaviest drinking days I never understood why beer was served at some movie theaters. I'm here to watch a movie and not have to pee every 15 minutes. I'll get good and blackout after the movie. 
Had a similar experience last night at a little public concert I happened to run into.  I assumed everyone was always trashed at those but there were tons of people not drinking. I pictured myself walking around several deep and making an idiot of myself.  I kept my dignity last night and feel great this morning!
Blue is one awesome raptor 
This is SO funny you mention this! So we went to a summer movie in the park. It's a free event where you bring your own coolers blankets picnic etc...and a movie is played on big screen outdoors. Typically my cooler would have plenty of wine beer etc. ..I sat there in awe looking around and nobody had alcohol. I did not even see any Koozies with a can Corkcicles that make you think  oh yea they are drinking alcohol too  no wine beer booze. ..Typically I would put my wine in a corkcicle and would have to be super careful my kids did not drink after me! As I look around I see mommies and daddies sharing their lemonade with their kids sharing a soda with them. ..Wow. I thought I would be the only one not drinking!! That was an eye owner for me!! 
Used to joke to the wife when our local cinema started selling alcohol. The prices were  4.50 a drink I always said  they are just preying on the weak  - to which my wife sighed. I then consumed 4+ drinks through he film. The drinks on offer were either a 330ml bottle of beer or a large bottle of cider I got the cider for the volume.
I couldn't help but laugh when you talked about carefully measuring out your drinks to see how much you could have without raising suspicion because that resonates so much with me. "How many drinks can I sneak in before I meet up with people without them noticing so I can keep an acceptable drinking pace but also maintain my buzz"
I was reading an article that stated that about 30 percent of Americans don't drink alcohol at all while another 30 percent are occasional drinkers who don't drink more than once a week. 40 percent of the American population are the big supporters of the alcohol industry and 10&amp;#37; of those drinkers have 10 or more drinks per day...That's actually a shocking amount of people who are drinking on a regular basis and a shocking amount of alcoholics but seeing as it's less than half the population it's certainly not everyone and certainly less than you might think judging from tv and movies. But I would still call it a fairly big crisis imagine if 40&amp;#37; of the population were using heroine or other illegal drugs. That would be considered an epidemic.
