-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8thsse/1000_days_sober/

I often think about my first stint in rehab when the first commitment came in.  There was a woman who had graduated the treatment center I was in and had just surpassed 3 months.  At the time I was maybe 2 weeks sober and I thought to myself "There is no way she's been sober 3 months."  The fact that people didn't drink or use drugs at all was so alien to me that I believed everyone who claimed sobriety was lying...After that rehab stay I made it about 3 days before I picked up a bottle of whiskey.  About half way through the bottle I started calling people to let them know I relapsed.  This became a common theme.  Whenever I would relapse I would say to myself "Alright this time I'm just going to drink quietly at home and play video games."  Then the booze kicks in and I'm calling people to try and debate drunken politics.  I just couldn't keep it together...It took an OUI and showing up to the courthouse drunk on probation for me to finally commit to getting and staying sober.  There are a million ways to recover for me it was pending legal issues which lit fire under my ass to stay in treatment in an attempt to avoid going to jail.  My path was Detox/ATS &gt; CSS &gt; TSS &gt; Halfway House &gt; Collective Living.  Overall 10 months of treatment.  The Collective wasn't a treatment program but it was vital to my success in recovery.  During my stay at the Halfway House my PO dropped all the charges against me after speaking with my family and counselor...Today I work in the field in a treatment facility for mental health co-occurring disorders.  I work with a wide range of clients from alcoholic to schizophrenic.  I'm back in school studying to get my license in alcohol and substance abuse counseling.  I finally travelled Europe which was something I've wanted to do since I was a teenager.  My partner and I are expecting our first born in December due date 4 days before my birthday.  We're engaged with a date set for Halloween 2019 already put the down payment on the venue.  We have our own apartment and a dog.  We're looking at houses...1001 days ago I was clinging to a part-time gig at a coffee shop and living at my parent's house on probation and still drinking every night...To keep what I have; I have a sponsor I go to an Atheist/Agnostic AA Meeting once a week talk to the newcomer read and post on this sub go to counseling sessions every 3 weeks and continually read about drug and alcohol culture to better understand what trapped me and how to help the next sick and suffering addict/alcoholic...Keep it up everyone! IWDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Commendable!! Thank you for the inspiration. 
 fantastic. .Onward. 
Wow! What a turnaround.
Well done!
Congrats. 
Congratulations! You are an inspiration.
LOVE this. Thank you for sharing!
You have really done the work and here you really show how much work is necessary to beat alcoholism. You are inspiring. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT 
Wow what a drastic (and wonderful!) change in your life in three years! Congratulations keep it up &lt;3
What books would you recommend to someone who is just wading into the rehabilitation field? Anything maybe on social resilience? I am feeling the need to give back on a local level but don't think I have the stomach to be an addiction counselor and I don't know where to fit in.
Now this is some inspirational feedback some of needed to read. Even when you fall doesn't mean its time to quit get back up and keep going eventually something sticks. Even if its the threat of  jail lol. Nice job and keep it up
Very inspiring. So happy for you and your recovery!
Thank you for sharing!! Great job!
Your story is great and it's still only at the beginning. Rock on John Deaf!
Well done!
1000 days is such a feel good minestone! Congrats~!
That was a great read. Sounds like you have come a long way and its great you are helping other people recovery. Way to go.
Your sobriety is enriching the lives of those around you and those soon to be around you! Awesome. IWNDWYT.
Super awesome &amp; congrats! I will not drink with you today!
Right on dude about to hit my 4 year mark myself with a 9 month old crawling around :) ..Kids are a trip man you'll wonder who's learning more -- you or the baby. .
Fantastic I needed to read your post this morning! I am sober for closing in on two months as my badge suggests but my personal life &amp; career is not moving forwards in any noticeable way quickly. Hopefully having the best part of 3 years as you do and a positive mental attitude and those things will come about for me also.
Welcome to the 4digit club! Keep doing the work so great to see/hear success stories on this sub! 
Wow. Fuck yeah. 
congrats I am happy for you!  Congrats on the engagement.  One of my most persistent delusions is that my love life dating that it's all over now that I am a crippled and sad sobernaut.  I know it's fucking dumb.  I feel shocked every time I read about someone's post-alcohol relationships.
