-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tjcbe/my_nightmare/

It's 11 a.m. on a Tuesday (or maybe Wednesday I've lost track at this point). I get out of my car to walk into the liquor store I've habitually been to so many times over these years. I've tried to frequent different stores so they wouldn't know my secret but every clerk knows me well by now. I open the door and walk straight to counter head held low nothing but shame held in my heart. I haven't showered in days sweat is dripping from my brow and I'm shaking like it's -10 degrees outside. It's not it's 70 degrees and sunny. The cashier looks at me almost angrilybut mostly with a sense of pity as I tell him what I want. He knows exactly what I want. The usual two pints of Burnett's. There's no point in anything else. All I want is the shaking to go away and for me to temporarily forget about all the pain done to me and all the pain I've done to others(mainly the latter). He looks and at me and says sarcastically  will that be it?  I think for a second and tell him  No. I want you to take my health sanity every relationship goal and dream I've ever had too.   I want you to keep my poor family worried sick my friends to think I'm a lost cause and to throw all the help people have tried to give me down the drain. I want you to beat me down so bad that I have no self-respect hate myself to where I can't even look myself in the mirror and live this life until I drink so much that I go to sleep and don't wake up.  After all this the cashier just looks me and says   okay then I'll see you tomorrow. ..I wrote this when I was in treatment. I'm 77 days sobers now and doing a lot better. Life's still a struggle but I'm just so glad I woke up out of the nightmare.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. I won't drink with you today...Alcohol does rob us of all this. I went back after 6 months of being clean. Not worth it.
Sounds like the cashier gave you exactly what you asked for. Glad you stepped up to the challenge of waking from that nightmare!
Congratulations on the 77 days. Thank you for posting this. It's a good reminder of why we are all here.
Very.... insert your word here... keep going! IWNDWYT 
My first comment on reddit regarding sobriety. I was actually just journaling about how if I could quit smoking last year booze should seem similarly freeing at the end of it all. ..I do the same with spreading my alcohol purchases between different stores. Yet i was still near and dear enough that one wanted to start a fundraiser for me after my house got damaged. I probably give the impression of a soccer mom at first so it was mortifying that it wasn't a school group or some of my (nonexistent) friends looking after me it was the very people I hoped forgot about me as soon as I left. ..This sucks but I'll try it. 
My story is pretty much your story Fla.    Keep going!!! I am so rooting for you!!! That was so fucking horrible that life. I can remember going to the same store 2 in 1 day after already buying 2 pts. of vodka there  that morning throwing them back and going for more i needed to go to one of my rotation stores but no I went back to the 1st store drunk. The store was crowded and the clerk yelled out i already sold you 2 pints this morning. Of course all eyes were on me and instead of quitting I took that store out of my rotation. So messed up. Hang in there. You are through the absolute  worst off it. Keep posting!! IWNDWYT
This reminded me of the time I went out to my car to go to the liquor store and it wasn't there. I found it out in front of a bar I was at last night. Good times indeed. 
