-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tp2n9/day_35_10am_uk_really_struggling_with_severe/

So I'm now five weeks sober and the extremes of emotions are kicking in big time. I'm full of anger and resentment towards everything and everyone and I just want to shut the world out. I don't want to drink I can't and won't go back to the way I was but I am literally imploding with feelings that I've numbed for so many years and I don't know how to deal with them. I know this was never going to be an easy road but I don't know how on earth i am supposed to deal with things sober. I'm doing the meetings reading the books but the last few days none of it is being absorbed. I'm being awkward and defensive with everyone and I'm struggling to find humility peace and kindness. I feel like the world owes me one and I know it's so selfish but I can't help how I feel. Every time I do something nice I resent it and feel used. I hate this disease it's exhausting. Any words of wisdom will be welcome...Hoping this is just a bump in the road. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congratulations on your Sober Progress!..Anger is my self-manufactured drug more powerful than alcohol...It's typical...When I removed the alcohol my mind missed the regular boluses of chemicals that overloaded my circuits and flooded my synapses.  When I didn't supply the jolt externally it just said "fine I'll do it myself."  It mentally works me into a frenzy releasing adrenaline and noradrenaline.  ..What helped me was coping and CBT for processing anger...I acknowledged that anger is a choice.  Didn't seem like it until I worked on it...Writing it out.  Then asking myself "do I want to be angry?"..Did I want those emotions.... the rage.... the blood pressure and pounding temples....  the constricted vascular system...  the relationship harms...  ?  That helped me choose.
Hello fellow traveller! Look at us rocking the mid 30s of sobriety!..All those emotions you've kept buried will now come rushing to the surface .  Unfortunately it will take time to process them and come out the other end. Seeing a therapist might help a lot in untangling the reasons behind your feelings. ..Having said that I think the anger is also just a part of it. I'm having periods where I'm so angry at myself for not getting sober years ago; angry at all the time wasted times I felt ill when I didn't have to. I'm trying to force myself to look forward not back. I can't do anything about the past. The future  however is mine to shape. And I'm not going to let alcohol waste another day of my life. 
It's sometimes ignored or underappreciated but alcohol abuse really does alter the brain's chemistry.   Our brains can maladapt to the alcohol-induced endorphins release.  When we stop drinking and our brain doesnt receive that alcohol kick we can get irritable.  ..The good news is that not only is this a sign of our brains repairing themselves but also it doesn't last too long.   Moreover it's a signal that we need to develop better and healthier coping methods.  ..Bad days at work will still happen.  The neighbor's dog will still crap on your front lawn etc.  Now we simply have to deal with these annoyances instead of anesthetizing ourselves to them.    ..One way to cope is to ask yourself is it the "event" that is the actual annoyance or your reaction to that event?  For instance maybe the kids are in the next room making a lot of noise and I feel anger rising because I am trying to read.   Making noise is basically something kids do all the time; they are just doing what they always do.  It's my reaction to the noise that's making me angry not the actions of the kids.  
