-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tq2q7/is_avoiding_situations_where_people_drink_around/

i have been thinking about this...well you just decided to stop drinking and several days are gone. now you have a chance to attend some party where friends are going to drink or literally any other event or situation where alcohol is featured. what should you do? is voluntarily keeping yourself from these kinds of situations doing actually good or bad for you?..at first glance it seems logical that you better avoid any indirect contact to alcohol to keep yourself from relapsing as exposure to alcohol induces cravings...but maybe it can cause worse. shouldn't we try to get used to not drinking in situations where others drink? because how long are we going to avoid these kinds of situations? rest of life? if we don't try to desentisize to drinking situations then we are going to immediately relapse as soon as we finally attend some party...what should we actually do?
----------immediate responses--------

I avoided being around alcohol for about a month.  At a certain point I felt strong enough to be in situations where people drink and I'm still sober.  I think how long one needs or if one ever wants to go to places where people drink at all varies from person to person and where they are on the journey.  ..Here's what I think: drinking for an alcoholic takes your life away.  No event is risking that worth that. When you feel strong enough make a plan on how you will not drink.  For example I made a rule for myself that if I am ever close to cracking I will post here and wait for replies before I drink.  Anyway that is my thinking.
I think it depends how far along in recovery you are.  My first month I wouldn't go anywhere there was drinking just because I saw myself as still operating in training wheels regarding sobriety.  After that I would take am Antabuse before going out to a drinking environment so that I wouldn't be able to cave if I wanted to. (Antabuse makes you horribly sick if you combine it with alcohol).  At 2 months in now I find I can be around people drinking without it bothering me but I don't feel like sticking around if it gets to a binge drinking point.  The longer you are sober the less you want to have anything to do with the whole drinking environment so places like downtown lose all appeal.  It's been helpful for me in that I don't hang around enablers or distractors who drink now...I find more productive means to spend my time now that I'm not just chasing my next drunken adventure.
Alan Carr recommends being around alcohol as soon as possible. NB: he says this with the assumption that you have read his book (which I highly recommend) and understand his particular framework so this is out of context:..&gt; Others pick a time when there are no social events coming up where they will find it difficult not to drink. These approaches might work for a while but they leave a lingering doubt:  OK I've coped so far but what about when I go back to work or that big party comes round?  When you quit with Easyway we encourage you to go out and handle stress and throw yourself into social occasions straight away so that you can prove to yourself from the start that even at times when you feared you would find it hard to cope without drinking you're still happy to be free. So what is the best time to quit? If you saw someone you love hurting themselves repeatedly what would you say? Would you ask them to stop the next time a convenient moment arises? Or would you ask them to stop at once?..I don't think it's a good idea to go to a rager on day 3 but I definitely tried to put myself in normal social situations that may or may not include drinking as soon as I felt comfortable. 
"Dry people and dry places" is a really effective strategy especially in the beginning.  ..Still as you said we can't avoid alcohol entirely for the rest of our lives.  It's everywhere.  ..Perhaps just a bit of self-honesty is required and the realization that behaviors are changed over weeks/months not days/hours.  If someone feels genuinely uncomfortable going to an event with alcohol then consider simply not going.   It might be too early.   Many of us have skipped parties etc. in the early goings.  ..The mindset will eventually change.  Sober people don't hang out in bars.   Alcohol will eventually lose its grip and a person will grow more comfortable in environments where alcohol is served.   
A bit of a blase opening line but  everyone is different' and maybe each stage in life is different. ..In my prior attempts at getting sober I tried to avoid too many boozy situations because I don't think my head was fully committed to giving it up.  I'm at a different stage now (i.e. I HAVE given it up) so I'm fine being around booze in fact I prefer it as it makes the situation seem more normal to me.  Normal' as in being conditioned over the years to identify alcohol and social situations being synonymous with each other.  ..Do what you feel is best for you in the moment. 
[removed]
How's your sobriety?
I didn't spend time around people who were drinking (beyond one or two during a meal) until I was dry for about 8 months. Even then I was nervous... but it was a good friend's birthday and as you said shouldn't I get used to being around booze? ..It went fine for me when I did decide I was strong enough to go out with others. But I was well passed the early "white knuckling" stage of sobriety. And I still called it a night long before my friends. ..
I definitely followed the "dry people dry places" rule for the first few months of sobriety.
