-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tqoan/i_didnt_give_anything_upi_escaped/

I am on day 5.  This is my 3rd attempt at quitting.  I say attempt and it makes me cringe because that word makes it seem like I am already setting myself up for failure.  No truly I am not.  I just don't want to get too cocky and just take it one day at a time.  .December I quit for 30 days...it actually was a little too easy.  My boyfriend didn't even know I was drinking daily.  He knew that when I did drink it changed my personality.  He didn't like it.  But once in a while at dinner he would say "do you want a cocktail?"  almost encouragingly.  He stopped drinking 10 years ago.  So I think it's like someone who doesn't eat sweets encouraging others to do so in order to live vicariously through them.  I am not sure.  But after 30 days..we went out to eat after a special evening and because he was not even aware that I had stopped drinking he said those words to me that evening.  I thought to myself "why not...these past 30 days I haven't drank and it was not hard to give it up.  Maybe I had rebooted my brain and I can drink occasionally".  The really sneaky thing about this addiction is that after that night I didn't drink again for 3 or 4 days and that just confirmed to me that I was ok.  WRONG.  Within a week I was buying pints of Vodka on the daily.  On my way home from work like clockwork.  .My drinking problem has come late in life..I am 50 years old and only started drinking like this for the past 2 years.  Although in the past I was always a problem drinker once I started.  I had lost 60 pounds before this drinking started and Ironically after finally separated from my alcoholic husband.  I hated alcohol and what it did to my life.  Shortly after I started seeing this wonderful man.  He didn't drink...he was very into fitness and also very into me.  We both had a love of fitness nutrition and wellness.   So naturally...I started drinking.  What the heck?  Happier than ever and I start drinking.  Maybe it was my hatred for alcohol all those years that kept me away from it...after all...one of us had to be the responsible parent.  But then my kids grew up...and I got divorced and that is when my issues with alcohol took hold..So here I am...3rd time... (second time was 6 weeks ago..I didn't last 2 days).My attitude is different now...I don't look at it like something I gave up.  I look at it like an escape.  .Drinking is simply no longer an option.  Period..Drinking has made me put on 35 lbs.  I work my butt of at the gym and watch my diet yet still was putting 700-800 extra calories in my body every day and wondered why my belly was always bloated and I wasn't losing weight..I feel really confident this time.  .Day 5 and I am looking forward to this journey.  Sorry this was so long.  I needed to get it out..PS.  this time...even though my boyfriend doesn't know the extent of my drinking I did inform him that I no longer wanted to drink.  That I too didn't like how it made me act and also I don't need the extra calories.  I feel like keeping him in the dark is what contributed to that relapse and now he is on board and supportive of my decision to not drink.  .thanks for reading and not falling asleep doing it.  :).IWNDWYT.  Thanks for being here too.
----------immediate responses--------

