-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tvddo/hello_from_hazelden_betty_ford_near_minneapolis/

Ignore my flair. I'm actually 18 days sober. I'm in the day treatment housing at Hazelden Betty Ford rehab center in Minneapolis which means I have access to my laptop...I'm almost 50 here for alcohol. I don't have a dramatic rock bottom story. The last two years I've been spiraling and I detoxed at a place back home... 23 days ago. Had a couple small relapses after getting out so I figured I'd give this a shot...I've had a pretty great life... married a long time no kids. I worked for many years in what is considered a cool and semi-glamorous job. I've traveled the world been to around 20 different countries. I have a great apartment...If I don't stay sober I'm going to lose all that. I went here of my own accord. But my wife has now given me an ultimatum. She's still supportive but sick of me being drunk all the time. ..I'm terrified that I won't stay sober long term. I'm pretty motivated to do it. But I'd be lying if I said I wasn't afraid...I need a job any job now. I've been mostly unemployed for 2 years. I was in and out of the drunk/hungover/withdrawal cycle that I don't think I could have managed a job well if one had been handed to me on a platter...The 12-step thing is not for me. I have done AA and gone to a few SMART Recovery meetings. But I am just not ever going to be a Big Book thumper type. The idea of getting a sponsor and "working the steps" is entirely preposterous to me. So SMART and some AA meetings where there's not too much "adults reading aloud" nonsense going on. And white knuckles...I have to do this but I'm scared. I cannot live through a divorce and a splitting up of stuff on top of everything else. I just can't...If anyone has questions about this place I can answer them for you based on my time here. I'm out on Saturday. ..I just feel empty right now. But I'm sober and I feel really healthy.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck.  Seems like you know what you don't want to do. Any clues on what you might want to actually try? The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. IWNDWYT 
I'm coming up on my 6 month mark and I turned 48 this year. Thanks to being sober I've accomplished more in the past 6 months than I have in years. I technically have 3 jobs something I could never do if I was still drinking. I would have already fucked up the first 2 and I would have never landed the 3rd which has a lot of room for growth if I wasn't sober...I didn't ever think I could reinvent my life but I have done just that and I've done it in a very short period of time and I'm not looking back. There is nothing good for me at the bottom of a 25oz beer....This is my only support group as AA was never for me either but what works for me doesn't work for others but I just wanted to let you know that someone out there is doing it around your age. It has taken a lot of commitment on my part but life is just to grand at the moment to ever think about drinking again....This group is here 24/7 and if you ever need to vent scream or want to tell us happy happy joy joy news then do it. ..IWNDWYT.
Congratulations. That's a great place I hear. What's the plan past Saturday?
I went to Center City almost 20 years ago. In a couple of months I will have 20 years sober. My life is good. It all started at Hazelden. 
