-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tw06z/hurting/

The last 3 months plus have been amazing. Something finally clicked and I want sobriety. Relapsed so many times before but something is different this time. ..life can be shit though. ..Found out 2 weeks ago my partner of 10+ years has been cheating on me for the last six years with "escorts".  He told me. He's seen a change in me and the guilt was killing him. I was floored but glad he's being honest. weirdly not triggered to drink but still processing this. what do I do? leave? He has had gambling issues in the past and thinks he's moved to other escapes. He wants help and to stay with me but tonight we are fighting and he is being hyper critical of me. ..Grandfather's funeral this Friday and I want to pay respects as he was a great man. But. Haven't yet spent time with dear dad and sis without relapse... stressed about the usual family shit. ..Work is fucked up... in the same sinking ship with my colleagues. Dealing with it as a group but that's not much conciliation as we all feel like rats that haven't jumped...This is all feeling like too much tonight. I'm just 100 something days in. Feel my family is mostly lost partner umm well work will go on for a while and forgot to mention my best buds are not supportive of me not drinking so.. boy do I need someone in my corner right now...I have me. I have sobriety. I am not alone. I have an AA group and other supports. ..And SD. This group is awesome! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in your corner!   
I'm feeling like crap too if it helps. Mostly as the result of poor choices I keep making over and over trying to feed a hungry ghost that never is satisfied. A drink always feels much more tempting for me when I behave in ways I promised myself I wouldn't a thousand times over. I have more than one addiction for sure but at least tonight I won't be drinking with you. ..Instead I'm going to go take a hot shower then meditate for 15 minutes and then read before getting up early tomorrow. ..Good luck my friend. I hope you find peace in the coming days. ..IWNDWYT
Fuck that asshole!
 hugs. ..IWNDWYT 
Two weeks ago I felt like my life was irreparably damaged and I didn't even know how I would be able to continue on. Today it's still not great but it's certainly much better. I have sobriety to thank for that. I'm proud of you for your 113 days and I will not drink with you today.
::hug:: I'm rooting for you! IWNDWYT  
I'm on day 5 (again) I'm in your corner for sure and I will not drink with you today! I hope tomorrow is better and brighter  
OMG!  so sorry you're having all these issues at once.  I can only think that if I was in your situation I would hate to relinquish my 113 day badge and succumb to the Devil Drink because tomorrow when I wake up the situation would still be there and I'd also have a hangover to deal with.   You have been so strong for better than 3 months  I wish you peace and strength as you navigate these problems.   Keep coming back here because we are all in your corner here.  IWNDWYT
Wow.  I'm in your corner friend.  We can take on the world not drinking.  We really can.  IWNDWYT here's a huge internet hug and I'm sending you a whole bunch of good energy.  Breathe.  You can get through this.  I bet your heart knows what do do.    
Hey chaos! I ami. Your corner! Sounds like a pretty shorty lot you have going on. The tide will change and you will have clarity - so long as you don't drink  and I for one am happy to not drink with you tonite!
I'm here for ya.  Not drinking with you.  
You got this.  Me too.
I don't have any advice for you but just know that I am with you and rooting for you. ..We're in your corner. IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your sobriety!  Give yourself some time to process the cheating before making a permanent move.  Also I have to be careful getting together with family too..I've learned to say no and just not go.  Pay your respects how you see fit and if you aren't up to getting together with your dad and sis don't...Sending virtual hugs your way and IWNDWYT.
And yes you have us we are glad you reached out at such a terrible time.  Wow that's so much to process. xo
Maybe you can do an abbreviated version of the funeral like the beginning part and skip (or cut short) the after part where there will be prob be lots of booze and family drama?  
FWIW I love my wife got sober because I didn't want to break up my family but have struggled with the escorts for years.  I thought it would stop at marriage.  I thought it would stop at pregnancy.  I thought it would stop at child birth.  I thought it would stop at sobriety...It is not a reflection on my wife.  It's a reflection on me and my problems.  ..I'm now seeing a therapist and trying to work through it.  Wife doesn't know.  Not going to tell her.  She'd probably leave.  
Keep it up I'm sorry your going through such a hard time that all sounds horrible. I truly hope everything turns around for you and I'm in your corner!IWNDWYT
I'm in your corner. You are strong enough to make it through the family stuff. I did this month! You can borrow my courage! 
Hey llama. I'm proud of you not drinking through this tough time. Sobriety is a great ally to have in your corner when you go through stuff like this. IWDWYT!
Be well. I won't drink with you tonight.
Grief- It will pass. It only gets better from here. It will take time though. Sounds like an amazing time for transformation though.. It's always darkest before the dawn. 
Get ride of him...Pay your respects..A new job will come about..Dont settle for anything other than great!..IWNDWY
