-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tw5r8/all_inclusive_minus_the_poison/

Tonight is my last night of 5 with my wife at an all-inclusive Cancun resort. We paid for everything in advance months ago which means we can indulge whenever and however we like while we're here and we don't have to worry about cost. ..I've had almost a year since my last drink so I didn't necessarily see this struggle coming but this week has been hard. ..There were 5 unopened liquor bottles in our room when we arrived. There are still 5 unopened liquor bottles in our room. I suppose we could have had them removed but that's not really the point. I could simply walk to any of of the 10+ open bars on site and get something there. It's kind of like at home. I'm a full grown-ass adult and even though there's no booze in our house (my wife still had an occasional glass of wine but supports me in an alcohol-free household) I could simply drive to a liquor store and load up. ..It's beautiful at this resort but it really has been a struggle. I went to a place like this 5 years ago for another anniversary trip with her and that was when I was still drinking. And boy did I drink. Too much. There were nights I didn't and don't remember. The drinking associations of that trip are still with me and my lizard brain assumes this trip should be no different. ..Except it is different. I will remember each of our 5 precious nights here together. I am clear headed and alert soaking in every minute. I've battled some anxiety and sadness this week due to the fact that I simply cannot drink like a normal person. I don't want one drink. I want six or eight or five million. ..I'm glad I'm sober but many days it's hard. It's sometimes really depressing as I have nowhere to get an immediate fix a cheap and short-lived euphoria.  I have decided that that quick fix only worsens my situation in the long run. ..I choose the long run. I choose to take life on its own terms. I choose to feel my feelings to bear my anxieties to be fully awake. ..Fighting back tears right now partly out of a real and visceral craving and partly out of pride that I've come this far. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I just want to commend you. I can only imagine how difficult it has been to stay the course during your trip. I want to go back to Mexico but fear I will feel what you're dealing with now. ..Those memories you made would surely have been forgotten if you hadn't stayed sober. Good for you!..IWNDWYT 
Its awesome going through a vacation hangover free... You will enjoy the time more then most.
I'm proud of you. You'll be so glad you remember this trip too. I know people who are normies even who've ruined trips to all-inclusives by getting so hammered that they spent most of it sick or in a blacked out blur so I think you're really doing this right. When I was drinking something like that would have been a drunken blur for sure. Hang in there. IWNDWYT.
Man I feel what you are saying it sounds so hard and like you are being so brave and true to yourself.  You are being strong and I am super proud of you for showing gratitude to your future self.  Your future self is psyched as hell you haven't had anything to drink though your present self is having a hard time.
I am very proud of you. Peace my friend. IWNDWYT 
Way to go! IWNDWYT 
Congrats on staying sober and it sounds like you had a blast...Can I ask if your wife drank at all during the stay? If so how did you handle it. If not why not?
Wow. I know it's hard but I'm proud of you for being so strong. Great job and I'm glad you had a lovely trip! 
congrats i've been there and it is tough to do but so worth it...i did an all inclusive cancun trip about 4 months into my sobriety.  i go every year with my college friends.  it really hit me at the end of the week when i could see how shitty they felt from drinking all week and how much i was happy to not have that darkness in my life anymore.  ..hell of an accomplishment way to go!! 
I don't know you but I'm so proud of you! Sobriety Level: Expert.   Great job man. IWNDWYT
Traveling is a tough one for me. Usually I fail miserably so it's good to hear that it IS possible. Good on ya! Not drinking today. 
hang in there! sounds like you almost through with this challenge and you're winning!..for next time with this under your belt can i recommend flying somewhere and renting a car to drive from place to place? then it will be your superpower that you don't have to worry about drinking and driving and you'll always be able to get an early start hangover-free. ..car camping is like this too if that's your bag. campsites often don't allow alcohol at state parks and you can enjoy not having to work around this rule but just chilling out. ..another great option though difficult to organize on your own is inn-to-inn hiking. there are a few places (pricey admittedly) that organize this for you and have your bags transferred so you can just spend the day walking without anything to carry.  we did this once while still drinking and i'm looking forward to doing a version of it sober soon. 
Oh man that sounds hard. I don't think I would be ready to do that vacation. You're amazing and you have my respect!!! That's intense right there and you're doing it. Catch some of that sun for me. Happy anniversary. IWNDWYT 
The hope this gives me is insurmountable! Thanks for posting this! IWNDWYT!
Go for a run if you want a quick rush!  It works 
Needed to see this. Thank you. 
You are so brave and thank you for sharing...I too will be returning to a resort in Cabo in November...this time without the poison.  Like you  I can't have  just one ...last time we were there a lot of the memories were from photos as the nights were a blur...oh and I missed most mornings as too hungover. This time I will recall your words of wisdom and enjoy to the fullest every moment..maybe take in a few sunrises too...thank you again for your honesty and congratulations on your strength. Peace
So good to read..I cannot wait to take my partner for a trip.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts. I can only imagine how hard it is. But in my book you're a true hero - a role model. I wish I will some day have the same strength as you. Good job!.IWNDWYT 
Well done!
You are such a major inspiration to me! I'm really touched by your words. Way to go!! IWNDWYT. This will be Day 7 for me. 
Hang in there and enjoy. iwndwyt 
Amazing postyou have fought and won a huge battle in you're war on alcohol.long may it continue and IWNDWYT     
Awesome job...Glad you stayed the course and hope you had some fun memories. &gt;;-)..
You should be proud! I cannot imagine how hard that was. You are so strong!
[removed]
That is amazing. You conquered all those cravings. Although I too get cravings I can more easily fight them by being physically active. I started going for walks at the beginning and now I go to the gym three times a week. I'm in my 50s so I started really slow am still slow but it has made all the difference. Being physically active has made fighting off those cravings a lot easier because I know I get a dopamine boost after a walk or workout. Plus I am sort of watching my diet so I won't just have empty calories in a beer (or 5 million) Good job OP and keep it going knowing you passed a difficult test. 
Congrats to you well done. It was hard but you stayed the course and the memories you made are so much better than memories of being ill and hung over. 
Ha lizard brain! I love it and can relate. Our brains are sneaky...
Nicely done.. Thanks for posting. I hope you're feeling energized today! I will not drink with you today.
Hang tough. You've got this! ..I heard somewhere that new experiences are why time seems to pass more slowly for children than adults. It sounds to me like you have already experienced an all inclusive resort like a normal person (including the hangovers). I for one would want my vacation to feel as long as possible by trying something new. IWNDWYT
Well done.  I've been to one of those south of Cancun about 7 years ago and partook heartily of what we'd paid for.  While I could do it again without I can't say it wouldn't be tempting.  For that reason I'd likely avoid the all inclusive deals.  Glad you enjoyed the trip without it IWNDWYT!
This seems familiar. when I started this good choice to stay sober I saw alcohol everywhere too. It is a huge exercise to be around alcohol or people who are drinking because it can trigger something. so for me I stick to 'sober people - sober places'! But anyway great choice to not drink and remember every night of your time together! IWNDWYT!
Fantastic work such a massive achievement for you
Just think of all the memories you will be able to recall without the taint of alcohol. It's easy to think that it would be better with alcohol but I don't believe that to be the case. I too suffer from anxiety and depression often but alcohol and drugs don't help anymore. In fact they make it worse. I'm with you today and applaud your efforts in staying sober...IWNDWYT
Interesting sounds like a classic case of having to white knuckle it. As they there is more to stopping drink than stopping drinking. I drank because of ego and anger issues and until I dealt with them my life was miserable. I was very careful about the type of situations that I put myself into during the first year and I stay out of wet places unless I have to be in a wet place. This is a chronic relapsing disease and the most that I can ask for is to keep it remission today.
Fantastic and congratulations on getting close to a year...You should definitely feel proud. I just wanted to give you a heads up that I felt a rebound experience from things like this. If I had a vacation or a concert or some other big event where I used to drink and I didn't when I got home I'd feel like my willpower was totally drained. The solution seemed to be acknowledging what I was going through and rewarding myself with something like a nice souvenir so I could consider the "fun" money spent. A few kind souls here at SD warned me that sometimes they'd feel this after effect so I was able to recognize it and deal with it as something normal...Of course that probably won't happen to you but for me hearing this from other people at SD helped me...Enjoy the weather and the starlight and the beach!
IWNDWYT!!   
Massive well done! Such an honest and frank post to read but also hugely encorouging. I too am going to a fabulous all inclusive resort in Mexico in a couple months time with my family. Im so glad i picked a resort where there is tonnes of stuff to do (I love nature the outdoors and activities like morning yoga). Under no illusion that it will be tough at times though gonna take a load of recovery books for when im relaxing. Luckily i have faced my biggest holiday triggers recently- the airport bar and the in flight drinks. They were harder than avoiding the all inclusive bar if truth be told. I hate the thought of all the money that i am potentially 'wasting' by not taking advantage of all the alcohol on offer... but the thought of being unwell mentally and physically out of control and additionally going through withdrawal again and back to 'day one' is enough to keep me focused and sober (hopefully and god willing). .Thank you and well done again for a fab post. Very proud of you :-) 
Congratulations I can empathize with how difficult it must be.  I was just talking about this with my boyfriend.  We did an all-inclusive last year and he wants to do another.  I cannot picture doing it again w/o drinking. 
