-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u1pr3/im_nervous/

Welp I set up an appointment to see the dentist! I haven't been in about 4 years I think. I really neglected them during my time actively drinking. Since I was constantly relapsing I didn't want to take the time to make that part of myself better till I could prove to myself that I can stay sober..I'm nervous but excited. I'm hopeful they aren't in really bad shape. But I know there's one or two that need some TLC. All in all this is good! But I'm still nervous. .. I will not drink with you today  
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! I recently went to the dentist for the first time in 13 years!! All I had was a very minor cavity. I was so relieved. You'll be ok!
This is just a side note. Your post reminded me. ..When I went to my first AA meeting guess who was there? ..My dentist!
I went to the dentist a year ago and hadn't been to one in like ten years (I didn't have insurance and couldn't afford it). When I finally went I was SO nervous! Plus I'm a smoker which doesn't do me any favors. However they were super nice and they ended up being actually impressed that my teeth were still in good shape even after that long without getting a check up. I just had a couple little cavities but it wasn't as bad as I had anticipated. 
This is something I need to tackle myself...Avoided dentist for years. My teeth are fine at the front so noone would guess I had problems with them but my drinking did serious damage to my back teeth I need 8 teeth surgically removed...I used to drink cheap nasty 7.5% white cider (frosty jacks - once I heard someone refer to it as the champagne of tramp juice as it certainly is the most palatable of the  1.25 a litre cheap ciders and id have 3 litres a night!) Combined with my very inadequate diet and habit of passing out or just being too drunk to brush my teeth at night led to me only having a chewing surface of two teeth so I struggle with any food remotely tough or chewy...I'm planning on using the money I'm saving on booze to pay for a decent private dentist it would vastly improve my quality of life to get my teeth sorted out. Another thing that would have been out of reach if I was still drinking the blessings keep coming!
