-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u6ef1/7_month_battle_plan/

Over 7 months alcohol-free and am feeling my way to keep recovery fresh and to keep learning about this disease. This 7 months came at the end of 4 years of attempts much of that sober so I have navigated the hurdles of what to do with all my new free time which friends are the ones I still want to see how do I handle a party without a bottle of wine etc. What I'm most concerned  with now is never forgetting that I lost the battle with alcohol - it won. That choosing to have one drink is choosing to be a drunk. That I will never be able to drink normally and since I can't drink normally I can't drink at all...What I do now to try to keep this memory going is read a list every night before bed that details all the reasons I wanted to quit drinking all the negatives of my drinking life. I also read ten minutes of some alcohol-themed book blog reddit etc. I see an addiction counselor weekly and I was going to Refuge Recovery  meetings but have recently stopped - liked the format but just didn't make many connections to the people.  I plan to try a few aa meetings this summer. My latest idea is to post this here tonight. Maybe a regular post here can help me feel accountable to others which is what I was after at the RR meeting...I really want this to stick. It feels like a done deal this time but I know how relapse goes at least for me - when I stop being vigilant about recovery the monster attacks. Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT  
Remembering the past seems important. So you are aware of the "why" and do not forget the progress on the timeline that started with day 1 and you are now on month 7 (but not on century 2  )...It's like walking on a tightrope all the time. One mistake and you're off and have to go again. That's how I see my addiction...Maybe you could agree with yourself on some rewards on special days money or time-related. To keep the awareness high. For example a breakfast at the bakery every +1 month or buying that special shoes on day 1000.....IWNDWYT
Good luck and well done. That's a fantastic achievement  
I stick around here every day.  Reading about new people their struggles in letting go of drinking rooting for people to hang in there so they can break through to a better day all of this keeps my issue in my awareness.  I'm so lucky I'm out I want to stay out too!  I think you might like SD    welcome!  I will gladly not drink with you today new friend  
