-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u883k/self_sabotage/

The cycle of addiction. Story of my life. I am not an alcoholic. An addict yes alcoholic no. .I was raised the typical  Indian Aboriginal Native  way. Alcohol drugs abuse and yet with the resources and the way in time change I sincerely believe I have changed many typical stereotypes in mine and my children's life. .I have never choosen alcohol as an escape route for my choices to  numb  my emotions..Why?.My parents were alcoholics my siblings..The things I have experienced witnessed cannot be forgotten. But I learned from them. I saw an image that I didn't want. .To be so inebriated to a point where you have no memory scares the living fuck out of me..&amp;&amp;&amp;.Somehow I find myself completely in love with a man who is an alcoholic..Who is a scary alcoholic..Who is a seizing alcoholic..Who is a bleeding alcoholic..Who is a dying alcoholic...He tries and he tries so hard and does well and then... well..Any excuse to drink or no excuse it's just a hot day for a cold beer..Either way he has become so abusive that I am honestly scared of him..I can see him just one day breaking my face..I usually don't take no shit  I am in my early thirties have kids(&amp;&amp;their all wtf is??) and I have always provided and did just me and my two. I met him about a year some ago. Our whole relationship has been......Everything... Everyday ..I want to contact him I want to reach out to him I miss him I know if I do next time it will be more than just a windshield. ..I have encouraged supported and enabled his sobriety as well as our relapses...The violence scares me but I don't know how to cope with keeping to my boundaries. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear what you've been going through!..r/alanon might be a better place to direct this to it's a support group for loved ones of those who suffer from addictions... (there are also 'double winners' there who have had addictions of their own as well as being affected by someone else's).....Don't suffer in silence! The priority needs to be your safety and that of your children if violence is involved... don't hesitate to involve the police if necessary......Best wishes to you all!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Second vote  for you reaching out to Al-Anon...Your being miserable doesn't help cure him...Good luck.
Friend.. the first part of breaking the chains is not doing the damage ourselves.  The second part is protecting our children from seeing and learning how to damage others inside our home and our place of safety.  One good boundary is- whatever may encourage it to become passed on to another generation to teach to each other as far as we can help it is to be avoided at all costs.  They say it takes 7 generations to find peace after a war.  I understand why that is.  Sending you love I am not drinking with you.    
