-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u98pe/failed_again_yesterday/

I'm really looking forward to the 6 month mark when by body has had a chance to heal and adjust. I keep trying and failing whether it's 1 day 8 days or 30...My latest revelation is that I get overwhelming cravings when I'm hungry. If I eat some nice food the cravings subside. I really hate drinking at this point but I still do it and end up feeling bad about myself for doing something that I hate later...I'm not drinking today and honestly I'd like to never drink again. Hold my hand! I need people that understand my struggle and can help me through this.
----------immediate responses--------

You've recognized a trigger so that's positive! Maybe try and keep something to eat with you at all times...even if it's just some mixed nuts a protein bar or a Snickers. That way you don't get over-hungry and your cravings come back. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
You can do this! I went 2.5 years of trying to quit .  Never made it more than 13 days.  Then it clicked and I'm at 124 today.  Just keep trying!..I believe in you! IWNDWYT 
I will hold your hand.  I promise getting through the first hard part here opens up a whole new life.  And it's good out here.  You deserve to find out for yourself!  Hang in there you aren't alone you've got company.      I will join you today not drinking friend
Don't get discouraged. Every day you don't have a drink is a victory. It took me 3 years and countless attempts to get it to stick. Keep trying and it will for you too. You're already in the right mindset of wanting to stop now it's a battle of your bodys physical addiction to it. What worked for me was to get my mind off of it by distracting myself and calling a friend who had gone through the same thing. Find someone who can help distract you at the times when you most want to drink.
I've had a few rests this yeara since I first started.  Tried to learn something each time and get back up and try again.  I think for a lot of us it takes awhile to encounter the alot of the triggers and we are caught off guard sometimes.  Glad to see you are back at it! IWDWYT!
The good news is that it's relatively easy to fix the hunger-driven cravings now that you recognize that cause. That has been a big revelation for me too.  IWNDWYT 
