-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ua947/im_about_to_burn_it_all_to_the_ground/

I relapsed over the weekend (thanks birthday drinking!) and have been dealing with some really rough stuff at work. Mostly I just hate my job. I mean I *really* hate it. I hate my boss and he's demeaning and insulting to me and we're such a small office (six people) that the workplace is so tense and toxic and it's just incredibly triggering. I didn't go to work on Monday because after my altercation with my boss the previous Friday the only way I could possibly get myself here would be to chow down on Klonopin like they're Tums. ..So last night I got fucking drunk because I am just really fucking miserable. So I drank. Because I was home alone. Again. Because my husband works nights and I never see him. And I was bored and sad and feeling really lost. I was remembering how deeply depressed I have been over the last few years and especially the last few months and I was just desperate for something to make me feel better. ..Earlier in the day yesterday I got a job offer. It's a great gig. They want me to start immediately. I'll get to spend more time with my husband. I won't be alone so much. But of course I am terrified of quitting of failure of disappointing people. ..But I think I decided I just have to burn it all to the ground. ..I'm still mulling it over but I'm considering giving immediate resignation. I am stuck in a hellish pattern and having 30 days of almost abstinence made me realize how much I really need a change. Not just "oh I'm going to stop drinking and start a new hobby" but I NEED EVERYTHING TO BE DIFFERENT. I need to bleed it out and start fresh. I need to burn it all down and rebuild. ..Am I crazy? Or just being dramatic? ..Probably. But this is my life and I am sick and I'm tired. And I want more than anything to be better. ..IWNDWYT. Promise.
----------immediate responses--------

Immediate resignation may sound inviting and offer  immediate  relief...However there may be longer term implications...What's the possibility that you may need a referral from your present company in the future?  What would you want them to say about you?
.Just my thoughts:   I'd say if you have another offer and are having altercations with your boss then just quit.  Say fuck it let it burn to the ground and move on.  Make a renewed commitment to yourself and move forward.  Life is too short and precious to let your job make you that miserable.  Quit and take some time to reflect cleanse and work on you. Then go knock it out of the fucking park at the new gig.
Hey we all make mistakes.  Be kind to yourself.  You're doing a really good thing in stopping drinking and I know it will bring clarity and focus that will help with other goals in your life.  ..I think you have the answer to your employment question here if you read it over again. I know change is hard.  I am changing jobs soon too.  For me if I just focus on one day at a time and I don't worry about if I drink tomorrow or the day after it's a lot [easier](https://i.imgur.com/8Gaevab.jpg). .You can do this!  We're here for you.  The daily check in is a useful tool. Also *This Naked Mind* book is great.  
Quit today and go for it!  Your sobriety gave you this opportunity.  Drinking will take it away.  Stay mindful and be thankful.  I'm very happy for you and your husband:)
Go for it! My last run at sobriety was at the same time as starting a new job. I found it helpful to be around different people. 
I used to drink because I was miserable. I used to drink for so many reasons good and bad. But the main reason I drank was because I had to. I'm an alcoholic. ..At first the idea seemed flimsy too fine a distinction. But as I relapsed over and over and things got worse and worse no matter how much I tried to improve my station I knew I was sinking...I look inwardly now and focus on my recovery. My world and mind can be chaotic at times but I came out of a drunk hell-on-earth and now my path is clear every single day that I work for it!..I wish you all the best!
Get running right out of that toxic office. I worked in an environment just like that and nearly had a nervous breakdown. Honestly life is too short to put up with energy draining people. Start loving yourself today...if you did 30 straight that's amazing and I bet you learned loads during that time. Today I will not drink alcohol with you  
I vote yes. A big part of my healing process has been listening to what I need and giving myself permission to honor it and it sounds like you need to not be treated like shit by your boss and to have more time with your partner and you suddenly have the chance and power to make that happen. We don't have to carve ourselves into smaller and smaller pieces to fit into miserable shapes. We can choose big new shapes that fit our whole selves.
My 2 cents worth approximately that much: get the other offer in writing in-hand. Then do what you need to do. I'm symbolism's bitch -- I would be using my willingness to fearlessly go forward with this change to symbolize my determination to fearlessly go forward with sobriety. And bookmark this post -- if you find that you are finding new reasons to drink with a new hopefully way less frustrating job it may help you dig down and figure out what the triggers really are. I think you've identified some important ones above -- lonely sad bored lost. Drinking won't fix those but maybe some other changes and activities will. ..But first things first -- get that other offer in writing. And be extremely professional and positive in your resignation letter. You can Google "how to do an immediate resignation" and get some good examples. ..I'm glad you're back and super-hopeful that this will represent the change you feel you need. 
Why wouldn't you take the job offer to escape the toxic environment you hate and also get to be with your husband?  That seems like an easy choice.  If you can it would be better to give notice for future references.  IWNDWYT
"having 30 days of almost abstinence made me realize how much I really need a change"..Yep. I've been having similar thoughts as I am really working to get the booze outta my system. It's scary for sure when your eyes are opened...as someone said to me the veil has been lifted...the bitter truth hurts...but man what a motivator to finally have the frickin nerve to make some long overdue changes...As u said to me in reply to a prior post... you and me are soulmates sister. You got this. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Burn it. Don't let fear keep you from moving on to better things.
Burn it...... moving on time! 
Congrats on the job offer and on your month! Slipping up while not ideal doesn't erase the physical and mental gains of not drinking for a long stretch. It doesn't sound so much like you'd be burning it all to the ground so much as running from an already burning house (a job and lifestyle that sickens you) and building a better home for yourself. Sounds like a much better plan to me than lingering around in what you describe as toxicity. Good luck! And keep us posted.
You're not crazy. It's what I did. New job new hours some uncertainty but I don't feel miserable every day. Sometimes a big change is needed to get your butt in gear and your life on the track you want it to be. 
I'm sure this has been said before but I don't have nearly as bad a work environment as that and if I had a job offer that was better I'd leave today.
Just two cents from a fellow lady alcoholic (3 years sober)..Some of the most jarring helpful advise I ever for was: "you didn't drink because of all those factors. You drank because you are an alcoholic. Plain and simple.".It has to come from the inside out. Is it nice to not hate your job or be with your husband more? Sure. But I guarantee that even if you loved your job and your husband was attached to your hip - if you haven't done some work on yourself and made an internal effort - you'd still drink. Not because you are a bad person or ungrateful or crazy. But because of your disease...Best of luck to you. For whatever it's worth I believe you can get and stay sober.
Gently... but try and dig deep into your unhappiness. I was the same as you. Playing the blame game doesn't resolve underlying issues at all which ignoring will do nothing to help long term sobriety. In your post you blamed: Your Birthday your job your husbands schedule boredom and sadness. ..I used to concentrate on the outside forces as well and relapsed. Looking at myself and taking responsibility was when I started feeling like I am truly making progress...You'll ALWAYS have a birthday a bad day at work a problem with a spouse or friend. It's looking within and coping with what you can do about it that will help you...That being said I think a new job sounds like a great fresh start! Just don't put in notice until the ink is dry on the offer! 
Run don't walk the heck out of there!! No time for a toxic workplace. I vote you jump ship!
To expand on my thoughts I think that people as a group depending on ability we need to add to each other not subtract.. if these folks your associated with are sucking everything get out of this while yu have the resolve to do. 
