-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ucwig/i_relapse_and_relapse_and_relapse/

I can't seem to spend more than 6 days without alcohol. This morning I woke up with one of the worse hangover I've ever had. Felt sick all day. Nothing to eat at home because I've been drunk for 10 days straight and I didn't have the strenght to buy food but when it was for beer I always had.   ...All the money I waste every damn month makes me feel so ashamed of myself. Thinking of the job I got for september and how I'm scared as hell that I won't be able to be sober makes me want to drink myself to death even more.;  ...I really need support even if I feel like a constant burden. My doctor think that I don't want to be helped  because it's hard for me to quit and treat me like shit everytime I go see her. I'm so tired.   ...I swear to God I try. I swear it on my loved ones' heads. I swear it on everything I cherish most. I try. And try again. And try again. But I feel stuck in this vicious circle.   ...I'm only 20 damn. How am I going to keep on living this way ? I don't want to. I want to be a functionning member of society. I want to be myself again without alcohol.  ...I just need help and strenght.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you could use some help with detox.....sorry your doc isn't understanding.....there is likely an alcohol hotline you can reach out to for info on getting more support...good luck! .IWNDWYT  :-) .
Sorry you're feeling this way...May I ask if you're following any particular path to sobriety?
Consider attending an AA meeting in your area.  If you live in a populated area there is probably a meeting today somewhere.  If your hangover symptoms get worse consider going to the ER.  Alcohol withdrawal can have dangerous symptoms.  Getting and staying sober can be a challenge at any age.  No one is too young to quit.  There is hope.  It takes a lot of courage to acknowledge change needs to happen.
Can you pinpoint what exactly you tell yourself that allows you to drink on day 6?
Dont bit yourself too much! U doing a great job! Think about your long happy life you can have if sober! Avoid triggers... do some gyming.. change yours alco friends... stay away from pubs.. and bottle shops... eat sweet when crave.. do yoga! 
You are so young.   It is great that you are so aware of the problem this is the first step..Purchase This Naked Mind on audio and listen to it everyday.  It was a game changer for me..Come to this sub everyday.  Everyone here is very encouraging and caring.  Don't give up and don't play around with this disease.  It is a very insidious and dangerous slippery slope..I wish you well and IWNDWYT.
