-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8udjxo/a_late_consumer/

I hate to write a novella but I find writing out my struggles helps alleviate the pain and confront the monster...I didn't start drinking till relatively late in life compared to many drinkers. I was 20 in the spring semester of my sophmore year at uni when I got drunk for the first time. It was at a wine tasting in Rome. Before this particular event I may have had two shots and two glasses of wine over the course of a year and a half. I wanted to wait under the dilluded notion that somehow age and maturity would shield me from the shadow of alcoholism that lurks in my family tree. My time in Rome ended with my first brown out. (I've never blacked out but there have been gaps in my memory so I call the fading of consciousness a brownout.) The circumstances made the experience that should have been horrifying seem like fun...Later antics in the subsequent years lead me to my first wake up call. But I had already manufactured the delusion that I was strong enough to control it. I tried to quit but gave up and mostly succeeded in moderating for a while. However moderation became about frequency not quantity so when I drank I drank a shit-ton. When I tried to have one glass I was always disappointed at how my whiskey tasted so I had better have a couple more just to test my pallate. Then what do you know? It starts to taste better after a third glass...I'm 26 now and realize I can't handle the firewater. I wish I had made the realization 7 years  ago I would likely be in a better place. Instead I have likely alienated my best friend and the woman of my dreams ran away from me...But things could get far worse if I keep drinking therefore I will not have a drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

You got 20 years on me friend. Good for you.
It took me until 45.  Being honest open and willing to try a new way of life at any age takes courage to make change.  Keep at it.  One day at a time.
There's a story in the AA Big Book about a lady who came in to the rooms at 75.
