-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uefa3/my_day_3_post_feels_so_good_to_even_have_made_it/

Withdrawal symptoms have subsided quite a bit! No shakes sweats weren't crazy last night but def still there. Gross that I can still smell the alcohol seeping out of me. I'll give it another night then I'll wash them. No since right now cause it's still working out of me. Pretty light headed but my anxiety is the lowest it has been in months!! Still there and def putting some thought into why I drink but not hating myself as much...Not sure how this community feels about antabuse but it's been my third day on it have 20 more pills so know I'll have a solid three weeks in before I have to decide if I keep it up. Actually told my sister that I'm taking it and she cried.... she said she didn't realize how bad I was that I had to take it. Yes it may be a cop out to some but I do not care. There is no way I can drink and I do not want to anyway. It really removes they  will I won't I  of the first few weeks...To anyone about to tell me the consequences if I do drink on it I know first hand. 2 months ago I took it and wanted to drink on a Sunday so I stopped on a Thursday one beer and I could barely even breathe. My face was bright red and I was minutes away from calling 911 but got my neighbour to come watch over me. ..It's not a magic pill that will cure me I know. Kinda giving me a safeguard while I wait for my addictions counselor next week (booked in Monday!) reached out to my employee assistance program for short term counseling for the rest of this week and have started telling people close to me my struggle with alcohol. I started a list of why I think I drink and need some time to work through some of it. ..Anyway thanks for reading! I'm going to do something I have not been able to do in months..... I'm driving my car to the dog park! Not walking cause I was drinking actually driving past 5pm. Jeez it's the little things! May even get some ice cream and a treat for my dog
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on day 3!   I am going to wake up to day 3 tomorrow .IWNDWYT  :-) .We got this!  Keep posting   
It's not a cop out.  I have a saying I go by- work smart not hard.  I pretty much apply it to everything.. taking Antabuse is your golden ticket and that's cool  .  Kick ass friend!  IWNDWYT 
Congrats on day 3!
