-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ues6i/social_media_and_sobriety/

Just over two years sober now.  Random internet surfing checking out social media feeds of people I don't talk to anymore people I've never met is taking up a lot of my downtime - has been for a long while.  Starting to notice that everyone I remember knowing and can find on social media seems way accomplished professionally financially socially...  or at least married parenting home-owning...Anyway the amount of time I am investing in comparing myself to others is definitely unhealthy.  I think I want to get off of the internet get off of all social media for at least a month starting in July.  I am concerned about maintaining some of my positive changes (not drinking lower anxiety lower depression) once I give up this habit and have more empty time - empty time to be lonely...Has anyone else here struggled with internet as a substitute for alcohol?  Any experience with social media fast?
----------immediate responses--------

August 14th I will be off Facebook for a year and I've been off Snap Chat and Instagram for two months. I personally don't miss any of it. It's given me a lot of time to focus on myself and what I truly want in life.  I'm not constantly checking my phone anymore. You are actually living in the moment instead of worrying about capturing it. Once you try it capture it the moment is gone and you missed it. I don't think about alcohol as much as I used to because I don't see the ads/sponsors plastered all over my social media page. I hope this helps. 
Besides this sub for a while I didn't do social. Maybe for similar reasons like yours. I felt I had to make good time for myself be there for myself...We all know social is mostly a front; a cleaned up version of people's lives. The typed equivalent of a purposely made casual hair-do. And yet it can influence me make me feel my life isn't that good isn't that nice. Hey look they're on vacation -- and I'm not. Hey look they're having a drink and I'm not. Hey look......It took me away from living my own life. From "hey look I didn't drink for 13 days!" "hey look I woke up at 6 and loved it!" "hey look I enjoy reading again" "hey look I can remember what I watched yesterday" "hey look what an awesome computer I have" "hey look that's a really cool photo I took". Hey look me...In my case I switched out social for Kindle on my phone. Dead moment where I would scroll feeds? Reading a bit. A sentence here page there paragraph on the toilet etc. It was hard to get into; the continued attention you know. And the reading something cool 2 sentences in and wanting to put it out there "share" it...&gt; lower anxiety lower depression..To me those became the *benefits* not the risks. I noticed a slow-down in myself. Things became less....frantic. Less "I can't catch up" and more about me and my days...I've quit this sub for a while too. But now I feel ready to "be." I recognize when I want to refresh want to search for the dopamine hit. I recognize when it's actual satisfaction I search for and do something I know I like doing instead.
I was thinking about this last night. Intellectually I'm aware that everyone's social media profile is the highlight reel but I still compare my life to others and it always falls short. I'm thinking of taking a social media fast for a few weeks to see how I feel. 
Not sure if this will help as I only have 26 days under my belt. Spring of 2017 I realized that I was spending too much time on social media. I realized that there are two kinds of people online. 1) The people that I know are having real problems with finances or abuse or addiction that lie to themselves and all their online  friends  by posting how wonderful everything is. And 2) the people that have a relatively wonderful healthy comfortable happy life that complain about every little things that shouldn't even be an issue! .I couldn't take it anymore and deactivated my accounts...next to deciding to quit drinking once and for all  quitting social media was the best thing I could've done to improve my quality of life! Hope that helps! IWNDWYT 
My social media is generally locked down pretty tight. I don't add everyone and it's only really people I care about so it's never really been an issue. ..It's actually Reddit that I found was most detrimental to my mental health. This place feels like a Scottish pub: everyone's looking for a fight. It used to really get to me so much so I'd waste nights getting into arguments and I'd get so angry at he insults I'd shake. Now I just try and let it wash over me. I remind myself that the person on the other end is really irrelevant to my life. Why even reply? I used to need to continue need to have the last word need to justify my position. Now I just don't care and it's so freeing. ..Although there are still subs/communities I won't post in just because they're so toxic. 
I have to keep Facebook because a lot of my cycling social groups post trips/activities there.  Otherwise I'd miss out on a lot of stuff in that arena.  Except almost everything in my mountain bike groups seems to revolve (after bike riding of course) around beer and craft breweries.  Its tough.  ..Facebook in general makes me depressed though.  I'm not living an exciting life.  My posts are about me spreading 5 tons of landscaping rock by myself in my front yard (I'm female and I'm 2/3 done btw) and wondering why there are four Phoenix police cars parked in front of my house at 9 pm at night and wait is that a police helicopter hovering over my neighbors three houses down as well?  ..
The only reason I found Reddit was after I gave up Facebook (about 2 years now) I would google things regarding getting sober. It always pointed me to this sub. After browsing this through google I finally made an account a few months ago. Kinda like Reddit. All anonymous. Get my internet video fix without hearing a distant relatives view of why Santa clause is a racist. Other then this I avoid all social media. Twitter is a nasty place. Instagram bored me. It's summer. Go out and explore. 
I unfollowed my friends so I wouldn't see their rantings on public comments and facebook could say Shelly Strand likes  Fill_in_the_Blank  sponsored post.  I followed some specific topic groups but the non-chronological message format is maddening so I started spending more time here on reddit. ..I try to stay in touch with my inner circle and when I'm tempted to stalk facebook I text a few close friends that I haven't talked to in a week.
I'm glad you posted this. I was just reading about this today because I compulsively check my phone. Even after thinking about it today quite a bit... here i am. It's more of an obsession than an addiction because it doesn't actually bring me much pleasure. Just fills the gaps of time. ..Damn. I need to get off social. 
