-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uh07f/progress_of_a_wine_guzzler_day_2/

Ya get a blog!  Well can I post here?  Might not be daily but I think its important to chronicle my progress.  Perhaps sharing might help someone too?..I am 46 struggled with daily binge drinking since my teens.  I was a bit self destructive in my early drinking days.  Cut my wrists with a blade (thankfully not serious).  Another time I ended up in A&amp;E after a self abuse period and mega alcohol related depression.  Also put my arm through a window.  Why?  I was angry and DRUNK...I knew pretty much straight away I had a booze problem.  I loved the stuff.  Couldnt get enough.  Pure fall down drunk blackout territory.  It scares me thinking about it...In my late 20's my 1st marriage fell apart.  It was a wake up call and I took myself to AA and got clean for several years.  A legal battle ensued for contact with my daughter and while all this was going on I stayed clean...When the legal stuff was over I fell right back into drinking.  For 2 years I drank almost every night.  2 bottles of wine each night.  Working too.  Insanity!  I was taking regular panic attacks.  My weight ballooned.  ..I went to the doc told him he checked me out.  Liver was good mostly thyroid good.  Ok time to get clean again but I couldnt stay clean...I went through periods of not drinking but during one binge drink I had a row with my partner left the house and drove my car.  Got a DUI :(  Thankfully there were no accidents and no one was hurt.  Surely that would be enough to stop me drinking?  Nah.  It did but only for a while...Fast forward to now and even though life is good alcohol has insidiously got me back into the 2 bottles a night routine and I gotta tell ya it scares the living shit right out of me.  ..My weight is rising again hangovers are bad work productivity suffering and another DUI would be the worst thing ever...So even though I havent yet hit bottom on this current drinking phase something flicked a switch in my brain yesterday...A terrible gnawing fear of things that yet will be.  A harrowing realisation of what lies ahead.  A further spiral into darkness abject misery loss of loved ones and job isolation and depression.  There are only demons lying ahead on this path...So with all that in my head I thought "why wait until then to stop?  Why not stop this insanity right NOW?  Why do I need another DUI to wake me up?  Just stop in a moment of sobriety and THINK!"...I have had long periods of sobriety in my life.  Not drinking at all is relatively easy but after the first drink the demons are set free and insanity begins.  This is not a game!  This is my life!  I am worth more than this...So yesterday I took a decision not to drink.  I have a strong nay burning desire to stop the insanity.  I threw out the remaining booze.  Cleared all empties.  Signed up here.  Am making a plan.  A plan that involves freedom hope and sobriety...Today I have also made a decision not to drink.  I dont want to.  I already feel a little better.  No hangover today despite poor sleep.  ..My skin isnt great I am 82.5kgs which is my heaviest in a while...Today for the first time in a long time I feel HOPE.  For the first time in a long time I actually DO NOT want to drink.  I can literally taste the freedom...I know its not going to be easy.  But I am not alone and I know as long as I dont take that 1st drink things will be just fine...IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Thank you for your story. Also in my 40's and can definitely relate. ..I have faith in you to follow this through. For a lot of us this is a matter of life or a painly death. It is never too late...IWNDWYT!
Well i am also back on day 2. Been trying to get back into sobriety for a while but the bloody wine witch found ways to break my resolve. I have also had times off but the first drink back really does trigger the urges for more. I am just trying to think around 6pm do i really want a drink ? So far the answer  has been no. Its a different way for me to do it but its a bit like i am force feeding myself wine and my mind has gone 'enough' early days like you but happy to wake up without the sense of dread and disappointment in myself. Good luck. 
As a mum in her 40's and significantly overweight due to alcohol use I understand. Ive just started tracking my calories and calculated  what a typical calorie intake was on one of my drinking days and wow no wonder i am so heavy!!Thank you for telling your story and here's to not drinking today!
Great post thanks for sharing!..I have a feeling you might enjoy reading the blog 'Mrs D Is Going Without' written by a lovely funny lady of about your age who gave up a hefty wine habit and wrote about the experience... it's a good read.....Keep up the good work and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I'm a mom too! Welcome to the group! IWNDWYT  
Our stories are very similar but I'm 59. I wish I had stopped at 46! Despite what my badge says I'm on day 2. Looking forward to not drinking and losing weight with you!.
Welcome aboard and I'm looking forward to following your story. You got this! 
IWNDWYT
