-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uppr3/my_mother_died_from_years_of_alcohol_abuse_this/

I wanted to post here to let you guys know how bad this hurts. My mom was in a very dark place for the last 8 years or so. I'm comforted to know that she is no longer in that place now. I'm also relieved that my father no longer has to watch his wife of 37 years slowly kill herself every day. I'm thankful my mom was able to be at my wedding in December and see her son get married. She also was able to see her own daughter become an excellent mother and raise a child. I was tasked with going through thousands of photos to present for a slide show at her visitation and funeral service. While looking at those pictures I was comforted to know that my mom had so many happy years with her family her husband and her kids. She loved us so much. I think she struggled when we moved away for college and began life on our own. She struggled to find meaning in her life other than being a mom. ..She turned to alcohol. It has really been more than 8 years. I can remember as long as 18 years ago when she came to a baseball practice drunk and drove home. My dad didn't let me go with her. It created a big source of stress for our entire family periodically but it wasn't a habitual thing back then. Over the last 6 years or so she had been in and out of the hospital about 5 times for seizures falling over the railing on our stairs breaking her ankle a concussion breaking her wrist or the doctor not being able to get a pulse or even the smallest reading of blood pressure at a regular checkup. All because of her drinking. ..In addition to that my father was terrified to go anywhere because if she fell or had a seizure she would be laying there dying or dead while he was gone. There are multiple times that she would have died had my dad not been home while something happened. My sister in an attempt to persuade her to stop stopped bringing her daughter around (my mother's granddaughter). This in turn punished my father as well. I too visited far less frequently. I couldn't bear to watch my mother in that state. She stopped eating regularly and would go without food for days. She got down to about 90 pounds (5ft10in) and walked slower than my 92 year old grandmother...The week before she died my wife and I went over to try and take both of my parents out for dinner. She couldn't even make it out of the door. She was drunk hadn't eaten and her blood pressure was so low while standing that she was passing out in my arms. I basically carried her back in to the living room couch poured her a glass of water and explained to her that she should drink some water. I reminded her that the reason why this is happening is because she is making those choices that affect her this way. I asked her if she understood that. She looked up at me with nearly no life in her eyes and nodded yes. I kissed her goodbye and said I love you. She said I love you too. We cancelled dinner plans and left the house. While we were pulling out of the driveway I could see through the kitchen window that she was already on her way upstairs to get another cup of Burnetts Gin. ..This disease is such an awful slow and painful way to die. Not just for the abuser but it destroys everything in your life. You become disgusted with the world you are skeptical of any other person doing literally anything. Even people trying to genuinely help you. The worst thing is every one of us tried to save her. She did rehab (physical and substance abuse) twice and left both times on her own accord because she said "she didn't need that kind of help". My mom was never the type to seek help or ask for anything...I know what the end looks like. It's so ugly and I wouldn't wish it upon anyone. If you are scared you should be. My mom easily had 20 more years left and my future children will not have a grandmother which truly saddens me...Never be scared to ask for help. Ever. Think of those you are affecting by not asking for help. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry for the loss of your mother; the wasting away of relationships; and the pain of knowing a person you love needs help but there is nothing that you can do...May you find a peace that passes all understanding and the relationship with your family that was quelled with the drinking of your mom...
Oh gosh I'm so sorry for your loss :( 
condolences. this is the reality that needs to be shared.
Wow I am so sorry to hear that your mother's alcoholism ended her life. I can't imagine how confusing and painful this must be for you. Though I think that you are taking the time to be grateful for the time you did spend with her and the joy she did have is a very healthy reaction...I hope you're taking time for self-care in this moment and reaching out to others for support
I am so sorry for your loss.  Thanks for sharing.  Know that you may have helped many people stay sober by sharing your mother's story. May she rest in peace.  IWNDWYT
Damn.  Tough read.  Some unsolicited advice... look the fuck out.  I went down hill after my Mom died.  I read posts all the time about people whose drinking kicked up a few notches after a death in the family.  Anyways I'm sorry and I hope to God she may rest in peace.
I'm very sorry for your loss.  Thanks for sharing your story.  I know it will help a lot of us.  I hope for the best for you and your family.  IWNDWYT 
This is so sad. I'm sorry for the loss of your mother. It sucks that alcohol had to rob you and your family of someone you loved and treasured so much.
Thank you for sharing your story and your mom's. May she finally be at peace and I am praying for you your Dad and your family. Thanks again for sharing. The collective  we  of this sub know how our stories could end and this is a powerful reminder. 
That was sobering and sad. Thank you for sharing. It is important for me to hear these stories as I could've become your mother on the road I was on. I pray she is free of her demons now...IWNDWYT    
How old was she ?
Very sorry for your loss.  My mom died from drinking nearly 5 years ago. She struggled for years as well and I still struggle with guilt for putting up boundaries.  I feel for you when you say you feel robbed of your mom being there for future moments. It sounds like you're finding your own kind of peace in this awful situation. 
Thank-you for sharing and sorry for your loss.
I'm so sorry. I hope your family can find peace. Just remember always that it was her decision and that did not affect her love for you. Thank you for sharing her story.
That's very sad.  I'm sorry to hear this.  Best wishes to you and your family during this time.  
Wow that just hit me like a ton of bricks. I'm so sorry to hear about your mum my dude it's so sad to see someone deteriorate in such a way. This post resonated with me because although I'm on my 5th day I'm scared that I'll revert back to old habits and I don't want that as I'm doing this for my brother and sister I don't want them to grow up without their big brother fuck doing that to them. ..Keep your head up high we're all here for you.
Thats really sad I hope you can remember the good times shes in a better place now..
I have no words to make this better I'm sorry that this happened.  I hate how alcohol does this to us and the ones we love.  It's such a helpless feeling to watch and absolutely no life for the ones going through it.  I think you have a wonderful attitude to keep only the good memories and to help her good nature live on in you.   Thinking of you!
Sorry for your loss. Your dad sounds like an absolute champion and loved her very much
I'm so sorry to hear this.  I really can't imagine what your family went through and is currently going through.  My mom too pass from alcohol abuse.  I was only 3 when it happened so I don't really remember much.  My childhood was full of anger.  That I can remember.  I'm so glad you choose to remember her amazing qualities!  I truly hope your family can deal with this in a healthy way and that your father can find peace.  Your post is filled with emotion which means you care!  I wish you the best and I hope this post is a wakeup call for everyone on this site!  
So sorry to hear but beautifully written. Thank you for your post.
How heartbreaking.  I am sorry for your loss and the pain you and your family have suffered.  Thank you for sharing.
I'm so incredibly sorry for your loss and wish you and your family peace. This post was very moving and powerful. Thank you
I'm sorry for your loss
Thank you for sharing I am sorry for your loss but glad that you shared this with others and me still fighting this addiction
I'm so sorry friend.  That is just awful.  I will be keeping you and your family in my heart.  It really makes me angry that alcohol can do this
Thank you for your post. I am so sorry about what happened to your mom. Hang in there.
This post made me cry. Thank you for sharing with us. My kids are young but I feel like it would be easy to feel empty and rudderless when they leave. I'm so sorry for your loss and the loss to your future children. I hope your family can find some peace and relief amidst your grief.
I'm sorry for your loss.
This is so powerful. Thank you so much for sharing this. Words from me won't fix anything for you right now  but please take comfort in knowing that by sharing here you may have prevented this coming to someone else's door.  My sincerest condolences to you and your family. ..Thank you xxx
First I am so sorry for your loss and I hope she finds peace.  I hope your father sister and yourself (and families of course) find some peace.  I thank  you for posting all this I can't imagine your pain.  ..Take care.  
I am so very sorry for your loss. Sending big hugs of support.
So sorry for your loss thanks for sharing. 
Thank you for sharing.  This has touched my heart deeply.  I am thinking of you and your family.   
So powerful thank you. 
I am very sorry for your loss.Both the loss of her passing and the loss of her real self before she died. Your post resonated deeply with me as this is the road I believe I was aimed at and I am probably about her age.Alcohol is a horriblehorrible drug.Thank you for making this post.
Wow this story is shockingly similar to my own.  I lost my mom back in May. She was sexually abused by her brother as a child and experienced untimely deaths of her father and some siblings. I believe this pushed her to drinking. ..She drank for as long as I can remember. Lots of weird memories and let downs. My sister stopoed bring her kids by.  She hardly ate and withered away ultimately dying of cirrohosis of the liver. Her skin yellowed and she agreed rapidly in the past few years.  I sat by her while she was in her death bed. Not a pretty sight. She looked like a breathing corpse was unconscious. No proper goodbyes. She was only 62...Just trying to use the memory as a deterrent so i control my own sinking. This is not a output way for someone to die. 
Thanks for sharing.  I will stay sober today
I'm on my way to say goodbye to my father who is also dying from alcohol abuse...I love my father but I hate my father so much.
I am so sorry for your loss and the years of pain you experienced watching someone you love fade away like that. But thank you so much for sharing. Not putting my kids through similar pain is a huge motivator to keep sober.
Untreated alcoholism is both a horrible way to live and a horrible way to die.
I'm so sorry for your loss and the pain your family has gone through. Thank you for sharing your story. It's a very generous act.
That is tragic. I'm sorry for your loss.
I'm sorry for your loss. I've seen this happen to people before. My first gf's dad was an alcoholic mess. By the time I met him he lived on his couch on the ground floor of his 3 story townhouse because he couldn't make it up the stairs. He used a bedpan and just had a bottle of vodka he'd drink straight from. It's images like the one you've described that have made me decide to stop drinking. That along with all the horrible shit I've done to other people while blacked out. It's not really something that you can come back from but hopefully by taking responsibility for my mistakes I can grow and be a better person...Again I'm sorry for your loss. I hope you remember your mom at her best instead of how you saw her earlier this week...iwndwyt
So sorry for your loss and I know it was difficult but thank you for sharing your story.  If it deters even one person out there from picking it up again it was worth sharing.  ..
I needed to read this today Thank you for sharing.
A sad and familiar story. Condolences to you and family. It's an awful disease. 
i am gonna say nothing and just save this. god bless you and i wish your mom rip. i also wish I get out of this. i am barely 24
Thank you for posting this.  I lost my mom 2 years ago to alcoholism and my dad died last week to the same thing.  The end was not pretty as I watched my father die of liver disease.  Having to make the decision to pull him off life support and watch him take his last breaths will haunt and disturb me for the rest of my life.  He was 65 but he looked 85.  I'm having a hard time and I've kind of shut down.  Reading your post reminded me that while we had a lot of troubles in our little family (just me and my two parents) we also had some good times.  I think its just too raw right now to allow myself to feel all of that.  I know the feeling of seeing them and thinking any day could be their last you just never know.  I grieve for their lives cut too short and for our relationship that never was and never will be but I know they did the best they could.  I have been on a mission to try to understand this disease and what they must have gone through. 
This same thing exactly is happening to my mother (and father who isn't the drinker) and I will not do the same thing to myself. Thank you for sharing
