-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uxpwj/a_thank_you_and_my_brief_story_can_anyone_relate/

Thank you to you all here for your support. I made it through the worst of it. Still fighting some lingering withdrawal symptoms...To all those who have no idea I posted here in a time of desperation and struggle. Real deep withdrawal desperation. After calling detoxes for a weekend to no luck I went to the ER. Before I went in I made a plan and brought it with me. I showed them the detoxes I called the notes I took. The therapist and psychiatrist I made appointments with. The outpatient treatment facility I planned to have an intake with. They were doubtful I'd follow through. I went home. I made it through a horrendous 24 hours barely. Then over the next 48 while working and not sleeping proceeded to follow through with that plan and open up fully to all my doctors and put in place the start of that treatment plan. Now more days later I'm finally through the worst of it. Scared. Still not sure how i didn't end up back in the hospital. Still not sleeping. But I'm feeling like I have a better support system now...I even opened up to my SO but that went horribly. I feel so ashamed and sorry. Feel like I might have been better off struggling alone for a bit longer. But that's another story...Making a plan for the next few steps and planning for any setbacks. Just going one step at a time. Don't know if I could have done it without your support and reading all your stories...I struggle with maintenance of sobriety. But I want to post here. I haven't before. Hoping with all these new tools in the toolbox I can maybe make it a bit further. No idea what's gonna happen when motivation wanes on a summer evening after several stressful weeks of work and life. Or on a nice summer vacation in a great area... Those were my favorite times to go get smashed outside with friends and forget about the world for a bit... I know those days are coming so I'm trying to plan for them. I'm trying to plan for when my motivation and will power is low too. I know it's coming...Trying to stay calm. One day at a time. One moment at a time...Anyone connect with this?..Any coping strategy suggestions for late at night when everything around is pretty much closed except bars and you can't sleep? I'm also pretty weak here. Only so much Netflix/YouTube I can handle.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you did a really good job of taking care of yourself!  I do remember your story. If you are having trouble sleeping your doctor may be able to give you something to sleep. I took gabapentin in the early days of my sobriety and it really helped.  Keep doing it one day at a time. Even one hour or less at a time. It seems less daunting that way. .IWNDWYT.
Hey Mcfly good to have you here. It is bloody hard. For me I just embraced the pain of it all. Every time I raged (screamed at my kids researched divorce lawyers) I used it to remind myself how much my body needed the break. How much I needed the break. So I wallowed in it. And it was a mantra for a while. But then I realised time had passed and it was less of a problem. Kinda like heartbreak - you wake up one day and realise you haven't thought of them in a while. I didn't have the physical withdrawals that you describe so not sure how helpful I am. But I do want you to know I'm cheering for you. And I know you're stronger than you know.  To badly quote Amelia Earhart : the hardest thing is to make the decision. After that it's mere persistence..IWNDWYT. Jules
[removed]
Thanks for the post McFly and welcome.  I tried to excercise a lot to help burn off pent up anxiety.  I read a lot to take my mind off things and relax.  I went to meetings SMART Recovery in my case although I'm not adverse to AA.  I went out to movies.  Got involved with yoga and go to 3-4 classes a week.  I found after 6 months that my physical and mental states were balanced again (with the help of my doctor).  The 2 biggest assets in my recovery have been yoga and the mental aspects of the practice and finding this sub a year ago.  Being able to listen and share with others on a daily basis keeps me grounded and mindful in my sobriety.  I wish you the best in your recovery we are all here for you :)
