-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uy24f/day_2_of_sobriety_dont_know_whats_next_but_i/

But I dont have a strategy to continue sober unfortunately.. The thing is I drink everyday never skip a day.. I drink beer almost all day it seems I cannot live without it at this point.. Its pretty sad.. But lately well I should say for several years now ive been trying to make efforts to get off this bad habit.. Its been a struggle.. Within the last week Ive made efforts to cut back the amount of beers I consume in a day to eventually having a day without a single beer.. I started doing this about a week ago with cutting myself to only 15 beers a day(i usually drink 24+).. Then the following day I gave myself a limit of 10 then the next day 7.. and so on down to 3-4 beers for the last 2 nights.. I did this to hopefully kill the major withdrawel I would have if I just stopped from 24+ beers cold turkey to Zero..So here I am the following day after the day I had Zero.. I made it thru.. and its already midway thru today day 2 of sobriety..obviously I want to keep going but at the same time I kinda want to reward myself....Not sure whats gonna happen tonight but I still feel somewhat proud of my small accomplishment....Thanks for taking the time to read my story..
----------immediate responses--------

Your story breaks my heart because I can relate to the struggle. I feel lucky however as I caught a bout of spontaneous sobriety back in March and haven't touched it since. ..I don't remember at this point the effort it took the anxiety I battled the anger that Welles inside of me yearning for a drink. I just remember being committed to not drinking just for a day. That day. This day. Today. ..You did one day!  You did it. Now do another day because now you know you CAN live one day just one day sober. Don't drink today. Accept that. Accept that you will not drink today. And IWNDWYT 
Welcome friend! Take a read through some of the posts on the sub and you'll likely find a lot of similarities to what you're feeling - everyone's story is different of course but alcohol has some tricks that it likes to play with everyone. ..As for rewarding yourself with drinking I get it. I've done it a lot. In fact a lot of people do because I read about people rationalizing with it a lot here. I would of course encourage you to make it another day (one day at a time!) but also want to know that it's awesome that you're making progress! I will not drink today and I hope you join me in the effort!
Congrats on nearly finishing day 2!  IWNDWYT means I Will Not Drink With You Today. Great job and keep it up...I am wrapping up day 3 myself.
The best strategy is doing what you need to do to go to bed sober.
They have a saying in AA that "not drinking is only the first step" which I've found very true for me. That first week I had to start all sorts of new coping mechanisms now that alcohol was gone and I was on a terrible emotional roller coaster. But I found if I exercised long enough whatever awful things I was feeling would go away almost as if I'd beaten up my body enough for it to stop producing anxious thoughts. I now have a bunch of other less dramatic coping mechanisms which I can use...Anyways that first week I just did whatever I  had to in order to not drink and I ate a lot of bad food but it was ok and I allowed myself to do that and forgave myself for whatever not great things I had done that day. I hope you are being kind to yourself you have done an amazing thing making it to day 2! I read your post and remember so clearly what that first week was like.
Congratulations on 2 days soon to be 3!  Please download and listen to This Naked Mind.  It helped me in so many ways.  Come to this sub daily.  People really care.  IWNDWYT!  
Hang in there buddy.  Our addict brain tries to convince us that it's OK to have a drink and reward ourselves but remember that you decided to quit drinking because it was impacting your life.  I wish you the best and remember that AA is a great resource and available in almost every town.
Congrats on tapering. That shows how strong you are. It is a major achievement. ..Can you now remove the rest of the booze from the fridge? My husband hid my poison (prosecco) and even if I caved it would be warm. Yuck...All you gotta do now is not drink with us today.
