-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uzm77/struggling/

I posted earlier today about having a slip up on Wednesday but anyway the urge to go out hit me again hard tonight. I even put on some makeup and looked up lyft fares but I finally talked myself out of it took the make up off and put my pajamas on. ..I'm house sitting/pet sitting and have been for a week so far one more week to go. I'm just extremely lonely and realizing more and more I don't have a lot of friends to reach out to or any really. My best friend doesn't live here anymore and I've fallen out of touch with a lot of other friends since I've left my job and been so busy with school. I guess I didn't even see it happening but I somehow became isolated from everyone. I'm finally realizing how depressed I actually am and I'm just feeling low. Any advice about some self care to get through this would be appreciated. ..(FYI I do have an appointment set up to see a therapist but that's not until the 19th) 
----------immediate responses--------

Try working out. Does wonders. Eat good and drink a lot of water. You will not be lonely at a gym. Do some yoga classes. You may be surprised how fast you can turn it around. 
Going to meetings kept me sober. I had been isolating and drinkng in my own home so I didn't have much of a social life. Meetings kept me from drinking until my head cleared.  I liked how that felt so I got a sponsor and worked the steps. By the end of the first year my obsession with alcohol was gone.  Good luck. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
I'm sorry you're in a sad and lonely place right now : (. I was in a very similar place early into my sobriety and I know the feeling you're describing all too well. I think that my loneliness both caused me to drink and was a result of my drinking. I have a tendency to self-isolate to keep people at a distance and over years of progressively drinking more and more I had zero people who I maintained any meaningful connections with in my life. Loneliness is dangerous because I don't feel it acutely (meaning it's not obvious when it happens it just gradually builds in the background) until it's quite strong and because once it's there it really deals all sorts of havoc out...It has taken me time to appreciate it and a whole lot of work but I do have some people I'd call friends now. I go to meetup groups I play sports etc. If you are feeling lonely it's your brain trying to get you to focus on making some social bonds so I hope you go out and do that. All you have to do is *show up*. Once you're there social bonds often make themselves. AA is a great example of a place like this. I didn't do a great job of reaching out to people and making friends but the people at the meetings sure did to me!..I hope you take some time to be kind to yourself &amp; be a good friend to yourself. Can you remember a time in your life when you felt overwhelmed socially where you desired solitude or "me time"? In those moments what did you fantasize about doing? For me it's often being in nature working on a project or taking a bath. Whatever it is for you now's a great time to be doing it...I hope you are feeling better soon you are fighting an incredible battle against alcohol in your mind and you will be victorious if you just keep fighting. Much love to you friend!
