-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v6b7d/day_1_finally/

After a great deal of time I have decided to remain sober. Today is the first day. I struggled with alcohol since my time in the service abusing it to the point of homelessness and degradation of personal relationships finances and nearly every aspect of my daily life. I was on a daily streak of anywhere from half a bottle of hard liquor to more than one and sometimes a bottle or two of wine for 8 years. I am 27 and don't want to kill myself over this. I have over the last several months put myself in a much better spot in most areas of my life. I work the equivalent of three full time jobs so my time is occupied. I had been weaning myself slowly out of fear of having seizures(had a nasty experience with a grand mal last year). Regardless this is rough right now. I have begun seeking therapy for a myriad of issues and am considering seeking some form of assistance from the va hospital. I don't want to weigh down my relationships with the heavy part of this process so posting here. Besides not really a sharer and I do not quite trust people. This is a welcome outlet...Any helpful commentary critical or otherwise is welcome. Thanks guys and girls
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck to you on day 1! Coming here every day made the difference for me.  It formed a vision of sobriety for me and helped rewire some of my thinking about drinking...Sobriety in a relatively short period of time has transformed my life for the better.  It gets better and it's worth it.  Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
Thanks man happy to see a vet doing well for themselves. It makes me so happy to read this and reminds me a little of one of my brother's journey after service. I hope everything works out for you. Good luck keep posting it is so helpful. This monkey goblin Dr. Booze or whatever you want to call it is just poison for the mind body and soul. I am just figuring that out myself. This sub has been my outlet. IWNDWYT 
Day 1 of the rest of your life... congrats! 
