-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v8gt4/day_2_again/

Long time lurker made a new account so I can post (without my real name). It's kinda scary to finally post something but I think that actually participating in this subreddit might help me. ..I was super proud of my 2 weeks sober and then I relapsed again on Friday. Felt super shitty the whole day yesterday. Relapsing always feels like failing like why am I such a loser and can I not complete this one task I set for myself? Just don't drink. It seems so simple but sometimes it isn't. ..Anyway I'm at day 2 today. Happy Sunday and IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on getting to day two. I feel your frustration. Throughout this struggle I always think back to my experience with quitting cigarettes years ago: how much I hated cigarettes and yet how often I went back to them. *Quit on Sunday smoke on Tuesday* is how I have come to refer to that time. It sucked and this sucks but I know there is an end to the struggle. Be strong. Alcohol is a formidable and cunning adversary that has the added ammunition of selling us  the lie of the *good times* it will give us but those times are past. IWNDWYT!
Welcome out of lurkdom!..Early sobriety can sometimes be like a videogame where you have to repeat the same level over and over before you get the hang of it and move on to the next bit... Every slip-up is an invitation to reflect on what went wrong and what you might *do* differently in similar circumstances the next time around.....I had several attempts to stop all on my own without bothering to change my thinking lifestyle or behaviour and unsurprisingly that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....I also had support from my doctor and this sub which turned out to be a winning combo.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Not drinking today is the simple way to a better life but it was very hard at first for me.  I relapsed over and over again. ..You mentioned you were a lurker.  What changed things for me was participating here.  Every day I come here and try my best to encourage folks and I post when I need to.  Every time I wrote the truth about alcohol it helped rewire my brain .  Before I started participating I had never had more than 13 days.  Now I'm at 128 days and feel I'm committed to taking it one day at a time for life...Good luck! You can do this. IWNDWYT 
