-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vdfhh/cant_go_back_to_who_i_was_before/

Hey guys..So its been like 4 months since I quit drinking. I don't have a badge or anything mostly because I want to take it one day at a time. Recently I've been struggling not with the desire to drink again but the fear that I will at some point if that makes sense. I was watching some recovery videos on Youtube and I came across one of them(I think Alcohol expert) and he said something that really resonated with me. I'm paraphrasing here but it was "You can never go back to when you first started drinking. Your here so you've already been questioning your drinking. Even if you were to start drinking again at this moment that's not going to go away." For some reason that's really helpful to me. Even if I were to go down to the liquor store right now and start drinking I doubt it'd be any fun at all. I'd mostly just be filled with disappointment at the progress I've hitting a setback that could be preventable. For some reason just knowing that I'd find more regret in a drink than pleasure is comforting. Just thought I'd share a little helpful thought I came across. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is helpful! Thank you for sharing. I find myself fantasizing that I could just drink again without knowing what I know now but I don't think I would be able to- my eyes have been opened! Good to hear you say it too.
I like to think of it like Pandora's box. Once you know you can't go back. My road to sobriety has not been straight I don't think it ever will be. I'm sure that it will have lots of roundabouts and I turns but one thing I do know... is now that I've lived this life I could never go back to how I was before. No way no how.  IWNDWYT    
 "You can never go back to when you first started drinking. Your here so you've already been questioning your drinking. Even if you were to start drinking again at this moment that's not going to go away."  That's great.  Thanks!  I will not drink with you today.
Yes! I've often been almost angry with myself for being self aware and having the realization that my relationship with alcohol is dysfunctional. I fantasize about going back to blissful ignorance. But the truth is drinking hasn't ever been blissful for me. Even when I first got drunk 13 years ago I knew it was not normal to tear it down like I did. ..I think it takes a bit of enlightenment to be able to analyze yourself and the way you live. So many people get stuck in their way of life and accept it as is. 
This really speaks to me right now. Thank you. 
"Once a pickle never a cucumber" is a phrase I've seen repeated around here. So true. 
So true there is no going back now.  I'll never have another drink and be able to be totally ok with it.  Adding this to my toolbox thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT.
And the kindling effect is real. No doubt. ..https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/
