-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vf8kd/omg_i_want_a_beer/

This day has been so hard. I'm 13 days in and this Is the first real craving I have had. Psychologically my mind has been telling me that I want to drink even though I don't want to. However today I actually craved the taste of a cold Michelob Ultra. I quickly shoved the idea out of my mind but it keeps popping back in. I'm scared because I'm doing great mentally as far as not wanting to be drunk but I don't want these cravings to start. Like real  taste   cravings. It's been drilled in my head that willpower only lasts so long and I don't want to be the victim of relapse. Do I just wait this out and the cravings go away? Because if I knew they would like in weeks or even months it would give me a lot of hope and strength. I know everyone is different but damn I hope this isn't an every day things from here on out. Instead I am binge watching Orange is the New Black because I heard a new season is coming out. I will get through this night and I will not drink today!! Thanks for listening 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone's journey is different  but for me...In the early days my cravings were every day.  They faded as I built up days and grew stronger.  I haven't had serious cravings in a month.  I would never had believed this possible.  Hang on!  If you get through this freedom is on the other side.  IWNDWYT 
Good job finding a distraction.  Hang in there.  iwndwyt
You can get through this! Think of how proud of yourself you'll be in the morning.
The whole willpower thing is just the "whiteknuckle" not drinking.  To change a life and not care about having alcohol it requires some tools to make changes.  There are lots of ways to go about that.  AA books Smart Recovery podcasts just S/D Rational Recovery....Some people just do a spontaneous stop drinking don't look back and make the necessary life changes all on their own.  It's all up to you.  IWNDWYT
I can't even stomach the smell of alcohol yet alone crave it. It just takes some time. Stay strong and sober on. 
My dearest friend and close associate thank you for hippin me to this site. My journey on sobriety's road began today. As you know it was not an easy day for me but thank you for being there for all your texts for your Marcos for your wisdom and for your understanding. I love you as my sister and friend always. .#IWNDWYT 
