-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vhbzd/not_alone/

I've been thinking about it for two weeks but didn't have a way to make myself accountable. Its very lonely isn't it? Not drinking. Your friends will be confused and say  but you're not an alcoholic  and your fianc  won't believe it until you actually stop drinking which is fair. There's no one to talk to about it. How it feels how you used to feel. To celebrate with or commiserate with. .Then I randomly found this sub last night and almost am in tears knowing that I won't be alone. I had no idea you all were here. Thank you. I'm taking a deep breath. I'm so inspired by all of your stories and successes. I'm also sort of relieved to read about your struggles that I can relate to. In about 12 hours when I'm getting home from work I will not stop by the gas station and buy wine I'm going to go home make an early dinner and if I need to I will hang out with you guys on my phone to keep me going. I know I can do this. I know you know I can do this. Thanks for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Word. I'm glad you know I know you know you can do this! You are not alone :)
Yes I found this sub by accident as well.  It as been a Godsend to me and most helpful in my journey through recovery.
actually it helps a lot of us to just read &amp; give support here in SD.  Later when the cravings kick-in unexpectedly it really does help to stop by &amp; check-in.  ..It would be lonely if not for SD.  But if you need the physical interaction go to a meeting. ..Nothing is either/or.  It can be  and. ..And it's okay to say to people  I'm off it for awhile giving the liver a rest.    No I'm trying really hard to lose some weight.  ..You can do this. ..
This sub got me through the first days and weeks.  Was on here continuously and even when I woke in the night.    Stay strong and be proud of yourself this is a huge step.  All the hugs because you can get through today.  Iwndwyt
Welcome! You're in the right place you'll find loads of support info and really cool peeps here! .IWNDWYT 
Way to go on giving it a shot! You can do this. One of the hardest things I found was breaking the habits that surrounded my drinking. Like you mentioned stopping at the gas station for wine on the way home. You may get a lot of anxiety as you approach the store. Pass by it and go home. You will feel accomplishment and a feeling of success as you beat the urge! 
Welcome! I found redit and this page by accident and I'm so glad I did!
Not sure I wouldn't have made it the last 17 days without this sub. I appreciate all of you. 
Wow I could have written that. Friends will be confused and fianc  won't believe it. I get that 100% and it's been quite interesting. I'm excited to see what this sober journey brings. Thanks for sharing! IWNDWYT 
We'll be here when you get home from work.I'm just starting my sobriety journey so you are not alone.I will not drink with you today
I felt the same. I had quit about 2 weeks before I found this sub and it was so helpful to read others struggles and successes. Welcome and no we are not alone! IWNDWYT 
Welcome! IWNDWYT
I didn't want to go to AA.I thought it was full of low bottom gutter drunks. I did not fit in that class of drunks. It takes humility to walk into a room of strangers and to declare to you and them that you are an alcoholic. They will say glad you are there and then you can start opening up about your problems. I'm a classic loner so it was a big step for me. The fellowship I encountered there was too much at first. People sharing with their hearts and not the heads. I couldn't believe it. They were talking about me. 
That you're not an alcoholic bit from the friends is a bitch ay. 
I'm so glad you're here. You can do this. There's great support and solidarity here. I will not drink with you today! 
&lt;3!
IWNDWYT
It's such a great thing for me to know I'm not alone by being here. Thank you for reminding me of that! 
Good to have you join us! Best of luck.
SD was/is my accountability partner in sobriety.  Continue to make yourself known here; that made it even more real for me.
\o/!  Oh my goodness I'm so happy for you that you've found what you needed here we're excited to have you join us!    iwndwyt!
It helps so much coming here am glad you've found good stuff here too :) I come here whenever I need some support or just to read what other people are up to and what victories and struggles are happening. It's such a good feeling to know you're not alone in this :)
I have had the exact same feelings being alone that is. I have tried to quit and failed too many times to count. I feel like this time is different because of this group. Know that you are not alone and I believe in you! IWNDWYT. 
I'm so glad you found us.  Here is where to get a badge: https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/  I found it helpful posting.  It gets into the subconscious.  Especially the IWNDWYT mantra.  That means I will not drink with you today.  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is a great book to get started.  It just might change your whole perspective on alcohol.  Lot's of people just never want to pick up after reading it.  She has a podcast too.
I'm doing it guys! Drinking LaCroix water I made two dinners (one for tonight one for lunch) tidied up kept myself busy and am so thankful for all of your support. Your support throughout the day today made coming home tonight and not drinking something I was actually looking forward to. I didn't dread it. Every single comment felt like a hand on my shoulder. :) I badged up too. .Thank you all. 
I know exactly how you feel.  Accountability.  This is a big word I have trouble with. As long as I am around my son and SO (that asked me to leave but that is another topic) I have someone to hold me accountable.  Yes we are still in the same house and I am determined to show her I will not drink.  However as soon as I am alone you might as well open the Chocolate factory to the fat kid in Willy Wonka because here I come.  That is because I did not love myself.  I am lucky to have people around me that love me but I can not fathom why nor can I see it.  I know its there just can't see it.  I did not put myself first I put my family first because that is what guys are taught right?  In doing so I built a life around everyone but did not include myself in this life.  Then I got depressed because of what I built and I drank for years and years.  Depression is a hell of a thing.  I almost caved tonight it was touch and go for a bit.  I could have easily said something about needing lunch for tomorrow and sped off to the store.  But I ate frozen yogurt and I am accountable to you.  Thank you for being there /u/jensheloves We can do this. -J
Its hard to tell people that you're an alcoholic or even that you have a drinking problem. I remember one conversation with a friend where i said I think  I have a problem. And the response i got was "NO no you're young and having fun! You're supposed to go out and live it up while you're young!" And in the back of my mind all i could think was if you only knew that afterbi left the bar I would be going home to drink by myself until I'm smashed at 3am maybe you'd understand...I have trouble talking to people in my life about my drinking but i love coming here because everyone can relate in some way. And everyone is supportive through the journey. ..I hope your dinner was great and I will not drink with you today!
