-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vi3a4/germany_for_two_weeks_been_unsure_of_my_plan/

Hey guys ..Been at not drinking for a while now and have had no real issues with temptation for a while. But... I'm visiting Germany... this will be an enormous challenge. My all-time favorite beers were from Belgium and Germany and I'm going to the motherland. I've been unsure this whole time whether I'm going to attempt a "planned relapse" where'd I'd drink 1-2 beers a day or just stick to not drinking with you guys each day...I know it's a bad idea for me to even drink one beer - I know for a fact that it'll cause me to have trouble when I return as well. But I also know this is my first time ever visiting Europe...My gut tells me not to touch a single beer. My travel-buddy will 100% feel otherwise. Have you guys taken trips like this? How do you resist?..Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

I always say trust your gut!! I went to Europe last year and there is so much more than just he drinks. The food is absolutely amazing. The culture cities architecture people EVERYTHING is so different. Beer is 1 thing that may take away from the hundreds of other things to enjoy. I wish you the best of luck! 
The choice of drinking or not drinking is a choice between living and dying for me.  If I drink my existence will be consumed by by the bottle in a nightmare until I die .  When I look at it like that the choice is clear.  I don't know how many posts I've read here and how many times I have personally experienced  just one beer  led to months or years of misery.  ..This trip might be a happy memory looking back.  Wishing the best for you. IWNDWYT 
Good morning!  Craft beer guy here. You say they're your favorite?  Then you've probably tasted them all already in your drinking career or something just like them. ..Someone post here about a month ago they're retired from drinking. That's something I've latched onto. I've tasted them all from the darkest imperial stout to Spaten at (an American) Oktoberfest.  Anything more will just be an excuse to get drunk.  I have my memories of great beer. I don't need to experience any more... I've drank them all and I'm retiring at the top of my beer drinking game. There's nothing more to accomplish (other than misery and anxiety). ..Good luck!
Just don't mention the World Cup and you'll be ok. 
Your gut is right. Your brain has tried hard (and is still trying) to replenish all of the precious neurotransmitters that alcohol had replaced for the years you drank. One relapse can send you back to Day 1 by essentially "washing away" those chemicals...that's why returning to sobriety after a relapse is so incredibly difficult. Besides the [Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) does not sound enjoyable. Relapsing sounds like a good way to ruin a vacation to me. Every time I think back to the amazing places I have traveled I often cringe when I think about how much vacation time I spent hungover.    .I would highly recommend planning out some early-morning activities around the places you'll be visiting. I love exploring cities in the quiet early hours of the morning. You can see a lot while your travel buddy is sleeping off their hangover! Good luck and have fun!
I have traveled the world over the past decades soberly. 
You know what is cheaper and more enriching than drinking expensive beer in a foriegn bar? Exploring the more touristy parts of the city in the early morning hours as the sun begins to peak above the horizon and the air is still fresh. You can experience far more in one morning than you ever could in 10000 beers. Don't let the addiction ruin the experience if you want to be drunk and hungover you might as well do that at home. That miserable feeling is the same on every continent.
I just googled  German soft drinks  and came across a Wikipedia page which lists local AF drinks per country... under Germany amongst others a Bread Drink is listed:  ..Brottrunk (literally meaning "bread drink" in German) is a fermented grain beverage similar to bread kvass made in Germany from bread. The bread is baked from biodynamically grown grains. This bread is then fermented in a proprietary month-long process. Then without further processing the liquid is bottled. First marketed in 1981 by master baker Wilhelm Kanne this non-alcoholic probiotic beverage is distributed as Kanne Brottrunk in Germany and in several European countries...I have never heard of that before and can't imagine what it tastes like. let me know if you find one and how it tastes!
