-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vo31k/everything_blew_the_fuck_up_long_read/

except for my sobriety.  check back at old posts to see this unfolding of stupid drama if you even want--beware--it's silly as hell...my fianc  and i went back home to stay with my mom over the 4th of july holiday.  she asked us to bring all of our wedding decor (which is at the end of july) as well as anything else we needed to bring up for the wedding to her place.  it was easier than making a bunch of trips back and forth when it's a 3 hour trip to her place one way.  ..we did that.  i got there friday she was a intoxicated.  mental health issues she struggles with were in full force.  lots of anger.  lots of me talking her down about stresses she  had about . . . my . . . wedding.  which could not be a fucking simple wedding.  the shit we brought for our wedding to store took up one shelf and it's mostly gifts for OTHER people. that's how simple this wedding is...my fianc  gets there later friday night.  well the weekend turned into her being and angry and intoxicated mess.  narcissism on full display anger control manic behavior...it was . . . a fucking nightmare...yesterday having talked with my fianc  about how miserable everything was/we were and how it would only continue to progress and get worse (as this disease always does once we go back to it) i had expressed that i should probably address the fact that we were insanely worried about her drinking and that it would continue at our wedding...i wasn't sure how i was going to address it.  but sunday morning after church (such a fucking charade she was there and wanted us there all for show) she turned.  she did that thing that people with her issues do--i was waiting for it i wasn't sure when it would happen but knew it was inevitable.  she flipped. we became her number one target of anger.  ..by the way we're the only ones who come around anymore.  my brother and sister-in-law haven't been back to her place in at least 3 years...so she flipped.  the pontoon lift she had installed wasn't working due to a manufacturing error just the right thing to set her off.  my fianc  who happens to be very handy with mechanics spent hours sunday morning working on it but turns out the product was defected.  she didn't even take the time to acknowledge all of the work he put into it.  instead she told us that we let her know too late in the business hours to get it fixed "in time" (in time for what i don't know can't try to reason with someone in her state).  as soon as she said that i said very calmly "mom we noticed the pontoon lift not working at 7pm Saturday night we let you know about it when we came back in at 8pm Saturday night none of that would be considered business hours." (in this very rural town in this very rural state where Sundays we have blue laws and everyone works m-f 8-5pm weekends closed)...welp.  she was off to the rodeo after that.  anger locked and loaded.  i calmly stood my ground as she started berating us.  so i addressed her drinking.  she denied it of course.  but seemed to be stuck as far as her argument was concerned.  ..now we were addressing her disease that is addiction.  she in her mid-60s me 29 doing what i've done since i was a little girl...some people never get out of this disease.  ..she walked away from the conversation went to her room (where she went in and out of too many times to count this weekend--to drink her vodka) and got on the phone with a newer friend of hers from an anxiety/depression group she's in.  ..turns out this was a little bit of divine intervention.  her friend suspecting my mom has hidden many of her issues was talking with my mom my mom was lying through her teeth and saying (loudly and on speaker phone-y'all don't try to be sneaky and drunk-we fucking know) that i was claiming she was drunk and she's not and it's her anxiety medication...i've been on anxiety medication longer than my mother has.  it's the shitty truth.  i've gone through many kinds.  none had symptoms that ranged from wreaking of vodka extreme anger slurred words walking in and out of rooms and coming back more out of sorts than before holding hands over your mouth to keep the smell away from others and generally acting like a huge fucking dick to your daughter and almost son-in-law...there's no doubt there can be side effects but uh yeah drunk on alcohol isn't one of them. ..i heard this lady ask my mom why i would say she had been drinking and if my mom had any issues with drinking in the past.  oops. stuck now.  "i've had lots of issues in the past"...the lady a nurse practitioner and as i learned a hella fucking smart/awesome gal who has worked with people like my mom for her entire 30 something year career was extremely kind and patient with my mom.  a good friend to her.  but did want to ask a few qualifying questions.  my mom knowing she would have to lie was trying to sneak into the living room to see if we were listening.  busted. we were right fucking there.  i stood up having known the lady on the phone only as an acquaintance and said to her "[name redacted] my mom has struggled with the disease of alcoholism my whole life i'm really not trying to cause any issues here i am deeply concerned for her health and well-being and i also can't take this pain/anxiety/anger/sadness/everything that it causes me." ..it soon turned into a mediation/intervention type situation.  somehow my mom didn't hang up but boyyyyyyyyyyyy did she want to.  she even tried walking away multiple times but she knew.  she fucking knew.  the lady on the phone knew.  and i was bawling my eyes out trying to catch my breath shaking and everything else.  trying to keep my shit together because it has always been the worst feeling in the world to have to confront my mom about her drinking...i told her that i loved her more than anything cared for her more than anything and i couldn't keep watching her kill herself and also treat me and my fianc  like absolute shit in the process.  i said exactly why she was one of the most wonderful people in the world when she was sober.  pouring my heart out.  she never shed a tear.  complete stone face the entire time.  the only emotion anger seething through her as she was forced to stay calm because of her friend on the phone.  an extremely frightening situation.  ..the lady helped not bombard my mom reasoned with her did everything one is supposed to in these types of confrontations and i was happy to work with her...the lady suggested (as we were already going to do) that my fianc  and i head back to where we live so everyone can have space.  ..the lady checked in to see how my mom was feeling and my mom gave some fake answers that were short and quick.  as soon as we got off the phone my mom didn't say a word and my fianc  and i worked as quickly as possible to pack up everything we had brought with us while also cleaning up her yard/putting everything away/making sure that we didn't inconvenience her in the least...we got on the road to head back home and i called my aunt to let her know what the fuck was happen and while on the phone my mom called i answered and she said we needed to come back and get all of our wedding stuff out of her garage (the same stuff she told us to bring up).  ..strangely or i suppose not my subconscious or whatever it is knew that the wheels were going to fall off this weekend.  i even told my fianc  i didn't feel like it was a good idea to bring our stuff up there in case she lost her mind.  last week i was also having dreams about violent behaviors towards me from  her. (she gets violently angry).  ..welp hearing that we needed to get all of our wedding stuff out of her place was just one more kick in the stomach/make you sick/want to barf situation.  i got on the phone with my paternal family members (my dad died when i was 16 we are a small family but they're all i have--and quite frankly all my mom has as well) because i knew it wasn't safe for my fianc  and i to head back there and get our stuff alone.  we needed reinforcements.  ..i could barely make out the words to everyone i was crying so hard.  i hid my mom's drinking from them (how fucking up is that sentence) for most of my life//they still knew just never to the real extent of how shit was going down.  they were all under the impression she was doing really well lately.  i hadn't told them she would show up in the town i live in and ask my fianc  and i to go to dinner and she would be wasted by the time she arrived.  wasted on memorial day weekend when i came up.  wasted basically every time we had some type of face to face interaction...but i started to tell them as much as i could fill in the blanks.  as soon as i would start the conversation with "she's drinking" i would hear on the other line "shiiiiit"...shit is right...so we rallied my cousins who were around got their pickups and helped us load up some things.  i know she was watching from inside her house (we had them stored in her extra detached garage) and knew she was pissed that i had asked for help from our family...my whole life.  don't tell anyone.  don't tell her secrets.  don't expose her.  you will be kicked out of the house at 16 if you tell anyone.  anyone you tell will be cut off contact.  etc etc etc...over the years i've been a little more open but not as much as i should have been.  these past 8 months between aa this group and other avenues of help i have sought i have begun to feel much more comfortable opening up.  releasing all of this shit/all of these secrets...my family is storing my wedding stuff for me because that's what family does.  they offered my fianc  and i places to stay (we were supposed to stay up there until july 4th).  they offered anything they had.  i was especially happy to see them really rally around my fianc .  both of his parents died when he was really young from alcohol related deaths.  his dad the disease ultimately taking him by suicide.  his mom pancreatitis induced by alcohol.  by the grace of god he was raced by his grandfather who had quit drinking because of all of these reasons.  my fianc  a complete non-drinker and overall most steady freddy person i have ever met (if you can believe it i had an incredibly wonderful dad steady non-drinking absolutely angel of a man--like i said died when i was 16 in a vehicle accident)...my fianc  can't even count the number of times this shit has happened with my mom.  it's one thing to misplace anger on me.  i'm used to it.  i've dealt with it.  my fianc  of all fucking people?  the one who comes around and helps her with anything she asks.  the one who gave her flowers the first time he met her.  the one who has been around more than basically any even blood family member?..she treated him like shit all weekend.  two years ago in her blind fit of rage and intoxication told him he was the root of all of our family problems.  i think we had been dating a year...amazing since outside of her our family though not perfect certainly does not have serious issues.  with her jesus h christ watch your fucking head.  ..and my fianc  my angel man.  he's just only concerned about me during all of this.  i ask him how he is feeling and all he is concerned about is me.  he's the one walking into this fucking nightmare.  ..we stayed in a hotel room last night in my own hometown after all of this craziness was over.  i called all of our family friends to let them know this shit was going down.  i'm so blessed to have these wonderful people around who have always been there know that i don't call unless shit is really wacky and just listen and comfort.  take their role and find a way to check in on my mom (because i ask them to//because i worry and care for her even as stockholm as it is//i know this disease of alcoholism personally)...where this all goes i dunno.  the hard truths have already been said.  she might not come to my wedding because she's mad that i exposed her truth.  ..i got two texts from her this morning.  both short and mean just the way she likes them. something about how we were idiots because we put the grill away without turning the propane off.  ..well mom we were in a hurry because i don't know if you're going to pull a gun on us. (didn't actually response to her texts because remember that lady who intervened last night?  her and i have talked a lot in the last 24 hours//she's trying to help me//i tell her everything//secret is out//her advice was to not engage or respond for now)...the other one was about her no longer paying for our wedding meal as she had verbally agreed she would do since the beginning of our wedding plans...that's fine.  i could give two fucks.  it's a small wedding in a rural place this isn't going to set us back that much.  ..but yeah.  where this goes.  i dunno.  her friend on the phone last night wants her to go because she knows deep down that's what she wants to do.  ..i can't imagine her wanting to go right now...i quite frankly am just extremely disappointed by everything.  it has put every thing and every one in a horrible position.  ..but this reddit is stop drinking.  so i'm here to say.  yes my mom has extreme issues with one of many being alcoholism...i too saw my drinking mirror problematic drinking years ago.  i didn't drink often but when i did i fucking drank.  the great elixir.  everything went away.  i wasn't a violently angry drinker.  during college barely drank.  law school binged after finals.  after law school progressed as a reclusive drinker.  i would give anything to have a weekend alone where i could drink as much as i wanted and listen to music.  i thought it made me a better writer/i could call people (my mom) who i didn't want to talk to/i thought it could help me with the monotone moments of life.  the whole/here but not here thing so i can get done with whatever this thing was...i progressed in that in a shitty way.  and strangely my severe anxiety issues saved me.  my body would scream in panic attacks after drinking causing me to not "be able" to drink as often as i would have otherwise liked to.  ..but soon it all got old and tired.  soon i realized the most successful people i worked with happened to be sober.  soon i realized that to work honestly in the field i worked in to be a good role model to do the best thing i could ever do for myself as a child of a severe alcoholic was to stop drinking...stop drinking...and i did 8 months ago.  and i will continue today not drinking.  and take each new 24  hours ahead of me with the same notion--stop drinking.  ..i was able to address this fucking wild as hell situation with complete purity and clarity because i was sober.  i'm able to process it because i'm sober.  ..my mom man.  closer to 70 than she is 60.  will she ever take the bait?  the many times we tried to get her help/given her support...it's for her to decide. ..i have to be healthy for myself.  ..stay strong out there all.  this disease only progresses. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Well I'm glad you're here and regardless of what may come I do hope you two are able to have a peaceful and happy wedding day.  Isn't it nice to be free from drinking in our own lives?  I'm happy we're doing this.    IWNDWYT 
Wow.  That is one heck of a story.  Kudos to you on keeping your cool.  If she does come to the wedding now the rest of the family will be able to keep an eye on her since the cat is out of the bag. Congratulations on a year sober. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
Sobriety is like a get out of jail free card. We don't have to go anywhere do anything or BE AROUND ANYBODY if it would endanger our sobriety.  IWNDWYT 
You are amazingly strong and I am so proud of you (and your fianc ). Getting married is stressful enough (I had a simple wedding myself two moths ago). I feel for you. I am so glad you're in communication with the nurse friend. She might keep the derailed train from bursting into flames at least until the wedding. You're clearly a smart exceptionally strong woman. You're doing everything you can. Thank you for sharing your story. 
Oh gosh what a horrible weekend.  Good for you for staying strong and for making a success of yourself coming from such an unstable home life.  I hope your mom can do what you did one day.  IWNDWYT
