-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vrme8/she_fed_him_dog_food/

Had dinner with my friends last night. It was amazing how seamlessly they could both switch to not drinking for a night. ..Anyway we got talking about a friend of ours whose partner goes through really bad phases of binging on beer and not eating. He basically drinks all day long and does not eat a thing. The last time he went on one of these benders three different people tried to get him admitted to the hospital but he checked himself out each time and refused to clean up...Eventually my friend lured him to her house with the promise of beer and locked him in a room to force him to stop. She was afraid to go out for food and he couldn't stomach any solids anyway so she fed him the food that the vet had given her for her puppy. He eventually got weaned off the booze and cleaned up and was looking quite dapper the last time I saw him. Not sure how he's doing now... he's back home in his country and she suspects he is drinking again unfortunately...There was a little fission of revulsion that went around the room when my friend told us that story and I'm ashamed to say I also sensationalised the moment in my head but in the cold light of day I just kept thinking that could have been me. That could be me. That can be me. That is me...I'm still struggling with a profound lasting acceptance of this horrible addiction. I can dress it up in as many ways as possible( and I do in my head on a daily basis) but the sad fact is that I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol and I'm no different from that guy... I've been on quite a high since I stopped but putting this in words has helped me shed a few tears and feels cathartic...Thanks for reading everyone. IWDWYT...TL;DR : I'm an alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Hmmm. I'm not sure how I feel about imprisoning someone against their will who could have potentially dangerous alcohol withdrawal. And the puppy food? That's pretty fucked up too.
Hey congrats on your 25 days and thanks for your story. Great to hear you have people in your life who would step in. When they were so needed! IWNDWYT. 
Congratulations on your Sober Progress!..
I guess I am grateful I know people who would feed me puppy food if it came to that! 
Wow.  She couldn't order a pizza?
