-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vu7l4/i_relapsed_this_weekend/

Friday I went to see a friend in another city. Without even hesitating I decided I would have a beer with lunch. ..One beer turned into 3. I wish I had stopped there but of course once I start I am no longer in control. ..I bought a fifth of whiskey that night and promptly drank half of it. Of course Saturday I ran out so I had to get more. Sunday I didn't even leave my room I just drank and ended up crying for a while. ..Guilt misery shame. I wasted a beautiful weekend and Monday I spent it sick as hell. ..I haven't told anyone. I was afraid to even post here but I need to share on it. ..I've lost so much already but yet I keep pushing and thinking this time will be different. ...IWNDWYT!.
----------immediate responses--------

Gosh does that sound familiar!  Hang in....IWNDWYT  :-) 
Good for you for getting back on the horse. Each setback strengthened my over all resolve. X
Don't ever be afraid to post here friend. No one will judge or think less of you. Can you identify anything that triggered you to drink over the weekend? IWNDWYT 
It says a lot about where I'm at that I'm vaguely jealous of your terrible experience drinking in bed all day.
What is going to be different with this attempt at sobriety? If nothing changes nothing will change. This is a disease that most people cannot out think. Action must be taken if long term sobriety is the goal.
I've been here so many times. Luckily I'm not now. In seven days you can be where I am now and let me tell you I feel 1000% better than I did a week ago. The shame the emotionality the crying the blackouts it's all so terrible. 
Thank you for sharing and being so honest - this kind of post helps others and i - for one - appreciate it! .I'm sorry you feel bad about relapsing - I think it's a miracle if people do it first time! .This is your time! You can do it! .Day 1! Xx
I got no real useful words here as I am still just beginning this whole thing and couching it heavily in my mind. But In my experience when I was quiting smoking some years ago I learned that if I treated a relapse night where I smoked like I totally failed then i was giving myself permission to really fail an just become a smoker again. But if I treated a temporary relapse like just a mistake I made and mentally told myself the next morning that I wasn't starting over just picking up where I left off then I found I could abstain again without much issue. Just my experience with a wildly different substance. I guess what i am saying is your still on your path you just paused for a moment.      
&gt; I keep pushing and thinking this time it will be different...You still have hope...Berating yourself with shame and so on won't help. Please be extra kind to yourself. ..You are still here. Still fighting. With us...I will not drink with you today.
Good on you for resetting and posting this...I always start a whole new account!..You can do it. Relapses are learning opportunities! Just y'know ones that should ideally be avoided. 
I've relapsed twice so I know where your head is at...this can be a motivator next time you're tempted...I've tricked myself twice in the past that I could just have a couple I'd be just like you picking up booze on the way home only to be loaded an hour later..That's how I have to do it anyway....before you know it that one will be a ten and then a hundred
I relapsed this weekend too.  I'm back with a badge reset and will hang in there with you! :) 
I relapsed onthe weekend too. Was cooking. Felt a strong urge to go and buy alcohol. Didn't resist it. Had fun drinking. Didn't have fun hung over. I could've saved money headaches and liver damage and had the same actually better fun sober. It was an irrational choice. So I'm clinging on to the  Dry July' motto trying to use this as impetus to start again. One day at a time. Just for today my fellow relapsed I Will Not Drink With You Today.
Nobody judging you here I can tell you that.  I'm glad you posted!!!  I've been there too.  Let's just focus on today and not beat ourselves up for stuff that is now in the past.  Live and learn and IWNDWYT.
Boy howdy have I been there too. I am actually just 3 days now--just coming out of a few relapses that were much like yours. Thank you so much for sharing--I will not drink with you today!
I've been where you are (a lot). I guess most of us have. I want to say congratulations on posting this though and on not running away. The one time I went to AA (not that that really worked for me) I was so ashamed after I relapsed that I never went back. You've got way more courage than that. I know you've got this! IWNDWYT!
You and me both. I'm a  lurker.  This is my first post... It's so easy to lie to ourselves say this is it.... After this it'll change. Especially after a week passes you'll say:  Well shit! I've made it a week I can have some! I'm in control.  Nope... Stay strong! You. Are. Strong. IWNDWYT.
Cunning and baffling they say
Great testimony you helped me alot.  Sorry for your difficulties but now you learned how a beer with lunch turns out.  Vexing it is the phenomenon of craving.
Stop drinking get back to the program. Over and over and over and over again.
One day at a time. I'm glad AA is working for you. Good luck at your meeting!
Welcome back.  I have had a number of badge resets.  For most it is part of the learning curve.  IWNDWYT
Get off the cross we need the wood.....We are alcoholics getting wasted is what we do. The fog will lift in a few days be thankful for this additional opportunity to renew your committment to society.
I have myself convinced that the only way it will be  different  is that it will be  worse .  Just substitute that word in and the truth will set you free.  IWNDWYT
Can you talk to your parents about quitting? Having support is absolutely amazing. 
Hey buddy. I'm sorry this happened to you this weekend I can only imagine the feelings you're experiencing right now...I remember on my one month anniversary I was speaking with a guy who told me "had more one months than he could count." But you know what? A million one months is better than none at all...What's important is that you recognized you weren't satisfied with how taking those drinks impacted your life and that you want to quit drinking. That drive is so important way more important than a streak. It's when that drive goes away where you don't care what happens if you drink where things become difficult...You got this! You really do! We have your back and it sounds like your friends and family also want the best for you. Never be afraid to ask for help when you need it. IWNDWYT! 
Thanks for sharing! I relapsed in a very very similar fashion about four months ago. In many ways that incident gave me valuable perspective and helped to further solidify my commitment to sobriety. Don't sweat it too much. You are awesome for owning your moments and we've always got your back here on SD. I will not drink with you today! 
When I went through treatment my counselor said we all start out as cucumbers. Those of us that are alcoholic become pickles.  Once we are a pickle we can't ever go back to being a cucumber BUT we can be sober pickles.. Relapses happen. Learn from it and start again. Sobriety is done a day at a time just make it through today. ..Glad that you are here!
Please always carry candies in your pocket.  It physically helps you to curb the craving. Also for which it can be helped by having spicy food.
I have a huge respect for those who can come back from a relapse. Even a year and change sober my greatest fear is that relapse will be my end. I don't know that I would have your courage to confess. You make us stronger with your honesty. Thank you. ..No first drink. 
Thanks for posting this. I did the same last night. So sick of myself one foot in front of the other 
That's great of you to post. On my relapses it usually takes more than a few days for me to decide to even try to stop. My mindset just switches to I need the next drink and to zone out and I'll figure everything else out tomorrow...So dont beat yourself up just stay away from that next one that's really all anyone can do!
Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT
I'm the same way.  One of the most difficult aspects of sobriety for me is accepting that alcohol is bigger than me. If I have 1 I'll have 2 and if I have 2 I'm drinking until there's none left or I pass out. Like many others here there's no success when  self-policing  my drinking because  what's 2 going to hurt? And if it's definitely my last one... . ..Keep your head up. Just remember you're not alone. We're all here for the same reason and to support each other. I love the taste of beer but it's not worth it at the end of the day for me. It's actually relatively easy for me to have 0 and near impossible to have just 1. ..IWNDWYT 
Hope you are doing well.  .IWNDWYT  :-).Hang in there!  you got this!   .
