-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vwjp2/any_ideas_how_to_cope_with_the_shoulds/

Hey everyone - 3 days sober and I wonder if you could give me some advice (sorry if this is in the FAQs or something - I did have a look)...The first few days were difficult but now I'm through them I can actually think again instead of being braindead from alcohol - and the  shoulds' have attacked. ( I should wash my clothes because wearing the shirt I've worn four times before is gross.   I should clean up.   I should cook instead of eating takeaway again  etc.). The  shoulds' just make me feel guilty for all the things I haven't done (because I'm kind of a hot mess) rather than letting me be calm and enjoy being sober...I have anxiety and guilt triggers it and so my nerves are thrumming and I'm deliberately not thinking about how a drink (never just one) would make it all go away (which I know isn't true)...And I recognise this pattern from every other time I've tried to get sober (although never with a support structure before) - a few days very hard won sobriety  &gt; escalating  shoulds'  &gt; stress  &gt; doubts about my ability to remain sober  &gt; relapse  &gt; months before I can pull myself out of the bottle again. I desperately want this time to be different. I /want/ to stay sober...It's not like I don't know what's important and what isn't. [Important: anything that keeps me sober (like packing my lunch for work so I can leave my bank card at home and won't be tempted to buy a bottle of vodka on the way home). Unimportant: everything else.] But I'm having trouble ignoring all the nagging in my brain and keeping calm...Help please?
----------immediate responses--------

In the early days decided I needed to focus on one thing: not drinking today.  If my apartment was a mess okay.  I didn't drink.  If I ate to much junk food okay. I didn't drink...I understand where you are coming from but I wouldn't worry about those  shoulds.   Not drinking today made me stronger. One day at a time made life more manageable.  Giving myself time to heal in sobriety and gave me the strength to do whatever I wanted to in life...Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
Dude. Give yourself a big fat break. You're 3 days sober and you're giving yourself $hit about laundry dinner and tidying up. You're on a freedom rollercoaster. You are free of that negative self-talk. Tell it to go screw itself buy yourself something on Amazon and try some positive reinforcement for kicking ass for 3 straight days. Or whatever works for you. .Retail therapy does wonders for me sometimes. So does chocolate. I'd rather eat a piece of chocolate and buy another coffee mug than drink. And I have an epic collection (it's a hoard) of coffee cups. It's a problem. But then I ask myself is it really? "Should" can kiss my ass. And yours! .The shoulds are attacking because you're used to treating yourself like crap. You don't have to do that anymore. Let it go. What's important is doing anything you damn well please that makes you feel good about your accomplishment. .IWNDWYT. 
Don't let perfect get in the way of good enough.  Right now sobriety takes priority of many other things.  You're making progress on that so first congratulations and second cut yourself some slack on the other things.
I think it is useful to set the timer for 15 minutes and just start.  An action step.  See how clean the kitchen can get in 15 minutes.  It's amazing.  Typically I will be rolling and of course be happy to finish that job.  Then take a break and put the timer on if necessary. Rinse repeat.  A little bit at a time.  I know what you mean about the go button getting stuck.  At 3 days I'd cut yourself a break and not worry about anything except not drinking.  IWNDWYT  p.s. it does feel really really good to have a clean kitchen to wake up to in the morning.
I totally gave myself free reign to do or not do anything besides NOT DRINK the first two weeks. Maybe if you set a time limit on it like that -- ok shoulds I hear you I will deal with you when my two weeks of anything besides not drinking is up -- that will help? That way you can give yourself a break for now without freaking out over the possibility that you're somehow never going to address the shoulds. You will! You just have something more important to deal with that needs all your attention first. 
It might be tempting to think of not drinking as "punishment" but you are actually giving yourself one of the best presents ever.  Be kind to yourself.  To me getting sober is basically a license to be a little selfish.   Feel like a hot fudge sundae?  Go for it!  Want to have a day to loaf around?  Yours!   Feel like dodging a social activity to avoid alcohol?  Sorry to hear you suddenly caught a cold.  ..Changing behavior and eliminating addiction takes time.  It's the way nature designed us.   It's sort of like the feeling of learning how to ride a bike.  Some wobbles here and there a little fear of failure but before you know it hey this is actually fun...
I ask "says who?". So let's say: I should change my shirt. Says who? ..My mother. She would disapprove. But she is not here. I'm not hurting anyone with my behaviour so I'm just going to stay as I am for now and deal with the shirt tomorrow...Or perhaps it is me saying it. A quick shower and fresh clothes would make me feel better. So I'm going to do it. (The 15-minute timer trick works wonders btw.)..Whatever I do it's my free choice. Nobody's telling me what to do I have control over my life and there's no pressure and stress.
I'm absolutely going through this right now too thanks for the post. It's overwhelming at times and anxiety inducing. I'm trying to prioritize the things that absolutely need to get done like getting to work haha and trying not be too hard on myself for other things like not taking my dog for a walk or laundry not being done because life is hard to organize right now. Sobriety is priority and once I get that right I'll figure out the rest...
