-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vxr4m/i_did_110_days_without_drinking_alcohol_i_thought/

I was wrong I had a serious relapse within one week. I now reset my badge and look forward to another 110 days without alcohol. This time I will not fall into the trap and continue sober life as I understand I am such a better person without it. ..Stay strong all - Keep enjoying sober life day by day. .
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here!  Sobriety can be a process. I had 8 months in 2014 and thought I could moderate. I was so wrong. I went right back to where I left off and it only got worse.  I now look at those 8 months as practice that actually helped me to try Sobriety again in 2017.  So far so good.  Your 110 days mean something. You can do it again and more. Best wishes....IWNDWYT.
Glad you are back! Those 110 days built strength you can use as you continue on the journey.  Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
&gt; "The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker."..My brain still tells me this at times. "I can get back to the fun times. I can control it." Here's the secret I *know* I can't. Glad to have a community who strengthens each other. I get drunk we stay sober. 
Remember that we deal with alcohol   cunning baffling powerful! Without help it is too much for us...I am glad that you are here and you should know you are not alone.. I've been there too and when that smooth talking devil on one shoulder starts whispering in my ear it's easy to forget the it is going to take me where I don't want to go and is going to keep me longer than I want to stay. ..Thank you for being here and for keeping me sober!
Welcome back 
Welcome back!  Have you been able to look at what actions and attitudes led up to the relapse?  Is there something you will be doing differently going forward?
At least you learned it. I thought the same thing after 2.5 years. Was just as wrong. Took me another year to get back out. 
Thank you for sharing this. I am off and on and I don't even get to 110 before I think I can handle it. I can't. It's helpful for me to see it's not a question of how long you have gone... 
Well done...I had 3 years off and fell into drinking regularly again.  Hard as it is I realise that I can never just have 1 drink....it's not my nature.   I will not drink with you today. 
My biggest downfall has always been trying to moderate I feel you. But you're back and I look forward to the next 110 with you friend. 
