-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vyk6x/open_question_on_being_quiet_and_listening_in/

I've been doing a couple AA meetings a day during early recovery. I know it's not for everyone but it's speaking to me this time around...As some of you know there's an element in AA particularly amongst the old timers that really believes that people in early recovery need to just keep quiet an listen during the meetings. They have some sayings for it of course all of which are pretty surly...Here's the thing: I had a stretch of sobriety that included detox intensive outpatient and sporadic meetings. During it all I was one of the most talkative in any circle. I always had some point to make or little anecdote to hobble together some of which landed and some of which didn't. I usually had some insight in my opinion but there was never a group I wasn't talking in...When I was listening to the old timers today they're main point was that the freshly sober don't really know dick and need to focus on working the program not drinking and picking up what they can until things start falling into place. ..It wrung a cord with me this time. I asked one of them afterward what his personal thoughts were on the matter. His advice was that the main thing was to keep coming back. In his eyes new folks should definitely speak up if there's anything up that might cause them to drink and not to hesitate to ask people any kind of questions before or after the meetings. But that was it. The more sober people there are there in a large part to welcome people who are still struggling and help based on their own experiences. So you know listen to them...Anyway I'm not sure where I'll land on that but it has my gears turning...If anybody has any thoughts or experiences from any direction inclination or amount of sober time I'd love to hear them.
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I think everyone has something to say...Those sort of AA fundamentalist old timers think that they know how to stay sober so they should be the only ones talking but imho they are taking a little too much credit and should have some humility...People with years and decades can and often do relapse and the wisest people in recovery know that they dont really have all the answers life and addiction and recovery are a mystery...Go to any inpatient rehab and you will find people who can quote the big book chapter and verse and/or were those same old timers but relapsed. They 
Well I can see their side a little where they have probably seen a thousand people with one week sober who think they have it all figured out.  We see it here now and again when someone with 5 days posts with advice to others on how to handle sobriety and it is a bit rediculous.  ..But you should still be encouraged to share your thoughts and feelings like anyone else in the group.  I know several old timers who like going to beginner's meetings because hearing those early stories helps them stay focused and they would never tell you to shut up and listen.
That's really strange to hear about a meeting not allowing newcomers to talk-Are you in a smaller town?..I'm located in a large city and most meetings I go to actually dedicate the first half of sharing to people with a year or less of sobriety!  It seems that people want to hear from newcomers the most !!! Try going to different meetings maybe a Beginner's meeting if you have them? 
I don't have any experience with AA but I can say the one thing that is helping me this week is coming here and commenting. Even if it's just to acknowledge a post I've read or to show some support or wonder to other people's accomplishments or trials. I have been very scared to open my mouth in an online setting and share - mainly because I know that the internet is written in ink and can't really be erased even by deleting post. ..I lurked here for a long time and read everything I could but not "speaking" or joining the discussion it's hasn't helped me stay sober. I got over that hurdle this week and I have been coming here and posting every few hours during the day. It feels completely different. ..I'm sad to say that if I went to an AA meeting and encountered that rule or concept I would not feel included at all. I do understand the concept behind stay quiet and learning from the experience of others but on the surface that just seems condescending to me. You can learn about sobriety from someone who has been sober for one day or a thousand days. After all aren't there a lot of us who are taking one day at a time? 
Quite frankly the people who gave you this advice are the ones who ought to be doing the shutting up. I see where they're coming from and understand that perspective but it's just them being dicks...* Newcomers are more likely to relate to experiences of other newcomers which is crucial to them gaining a foothold on sobriety. They are sharing struggles that the person who has been there 10 years has probably forgotten about and may even lack empathy for...* Sharing our experiences and having others listen &amp; relate makes us feel less disconnected from others. Connectedness is important and one of the cornerstones of the whole AA approach. There's an entire step dedicated to this practice...Unless you're taking up more than "your share" of space at meetings on the regular I wouldn't worry about whether I'm speaking the right amount or not. Sharing and listening are both valuable it's the cornerstone of any support group. I know I hear and read things from people in all stages of sobriety that inspire me and that I relate to and I appreciate having a spectrum to pull from...FWIW It may be worth shopping around meetings. I didn't get along great with my first group and ended up really liking some ones I tried later on.
That's the exact kind of attitude that kept me out of AA for years. The act of sharing can be cathartic in and of itself and be a good motivation to stop drinking and stick with it since it doesn't feel like I'm walking around with all of my secrets and guilt festering inside me like battery acid. That attitude feels to me like denying some people a chance to working on healing because they aren't  advanced  enough. Sounds to me like some people need to get off their high horse and remember why they came into the program in the first place. I would not attend a meeting that had that attitude. 
