-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vyslj/returning_to_the_scene_of_the_crime/

On Jan 1st 2016 I decided to take an entire year off drinking and it transformed my life. I had been drinking excessively for a long time and I knew something had to change...I made it a year and decided to keep it going. A few months later I went to Italy with some friends just for the weekend (I live in the UK so it's not a big trip). I folded pretty easily and ended up drunk the whole time. Since then I have been trying to contain my drinking going on occasional binges (usually when on vacation) but ten days ago I decided to call it quits...The thing is today I am going back to Italy back to where the relapsing began and I have nine sober days behind me. I'm nervous but I think I can do it. I've rented a car which means no drinking at the airport and I feel like if I can just get through today I can get through anything...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

A different person is returning. What move will this one make? Good luck!!
Caving in such an environment is definitely understandable. Italy romanticizes drinking. That romantizised side of drinking has made me relapse many times. Sometimes it's as simple as hearing a George Jones song for me that will make me say "fuck it." (One of my favorite is The King is Gone)..But that romance is a lie alcohol is poison. ..IWNDWYT. 
Italy is just a place your drinking starts and ends with you. It's your thinking that changes ie when in Rome.... (yeah I liked that line too) anyway it's the thinking that changes and relapse follows. You can control your thoughts. Italy is beautiful don't miss it by drinking. Think about how amazing it will be if you can do this new trip without drinking you will have new Evidence that you are not a drinker anymore. Stay strong focus on all the other great things Italy has to offer. Watch how Italians drink they really drink tiny amounts despite our stereotypes. Enjoy and mind your thoughts. Iwndwyt 
You can do it no question about that. ..
Hope you enjoy your holiday. At the end of the day it's your choice to do things differently....eat rest and enjoy. I'm off to Rome in December. Studying my guidebook plus learning some some Italian. Hope you have a fantastic holiday and just for today I will not drink alcohol with you  
We are right there with you.  Use those calories on the most glorious Italian desserts you can find.
You can do it! Enjoy Italy. 
you made it a whole year without drinking? In my book you are incredibly strong. You can do this Ghost!!
Your situation is exactly what I worry about.  So at the 180 day mark we're still staying close to home for awhile. ..I hope you figure it out.   Good luck &amp; report back. ..
Hello and welcome to Italy!.If I can do it so can you!.Plenty of great food and desserts here so load up on those!.Hope you have a great time!.   
It is a daily decision.  Plenty of people die from this poison all over UK and Europe.  I too have the German beer Italian wine fantasy crap.  The best cork sniffers can barely tell the difference between $100 bottle and a $10 bottle when put to the test.  The message for me was "you are getting a deal dude drink two bottles a day".  
