-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8w0dl5/fighting_the_who_cares_phase_determination_coming/

In a week or two it s been a year since I first stopped drinking. I've had a few resets but I honestly never thought I'd make two months and I'm close to eight now so that's really something...Finding SD was amazing. For the first time I knew I was not alone. I had met alcoholics and spoken with a few but noone were ever so relatable welcoming and honest as this community. I will never forget that experience...Nevertheless I'm really struggling now...I know why I shouldn't drink. SaintMarge and the rascals. Money health the absence of lies and secrets. The absence of that nagging voice the fog in my head my evil twin limiting me making me less than I could be. I have a hundred reasons not to drink and right now not one of them matters at all...Oh I could rant on. I'm not in a good place these days. You know how it is. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I feel like crap overrun by fear anger and dismay hopelessness and frustration and my motivation has completely run dry and *that is why motivation is just the first step*. For solid ground there's a freaking extra gear called ***determination*** and that's where I'm going right now. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Who cares?  I care!   I'm here with you buddy.  Digging in deep and not drinking with you today.  Have a big interweb hug with all of my sober muscles x
I care   
You can do it! Those of us just starting out look at the number next to your name in awe remember that. A year is such a huge achievement. We're all super proud of you
Add me to the "I care" 
So sorry you are struggling .... you can make it through today you are such a rock. Iwndwyt
Hugs to you. I won't drink with you today.
Hugs SaintHomer. I feel you. I actually wanted to go to the liquor store today and just ...regress. No "oh it's so nice out Happy 4th of July margaritas on the terrace would be lovely" bullshit; no I wanted to get a bottle of Tito's and put it in my freezer and do shots and crank my new Florence and the Machine album like I used to when I got drunk at home. Like the desire was not moderate it was 0-60 in 10 minutes. I went to a meeting. I spoke about this desire. It made me feel better. ..I sometimes think we are just wired for inertia and/or entropy. Like the pull is strong especially after years upon years of habitually going there. I don't know what I'm trying to say here sorry. Just I hear you. And I will not drink with you today. Hugs.
I care friend.
