-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8w6oyl/drank_again_feeling_bad_but_super_grateful_for_sd/

Hey everyone! ..After nearly two years without drinking I drank again last Friday night. I can see a bunch of factors that led to it - recent stress wanting to decompress and forget about everything feeling really happy in the moment it seemed like an easy option that underlying thought process of "I don't care and it doesn't matter what happens after this". It's a bit frustrating because there were so many times over the last two-ish years of not drinking that I felt REALLY compelled to drink but didn't there were periods of time when I really felt like I was white-knuckling it and holding on by a thread but pushed through and it's a bit of a slap in the face to myself that I chose on such a whim to give in this time. The urge to drink on Friday wasn't anything I haven't felt before but this time I decided to cave in to it. ..Same old story that probably a lot of you are familiar with. It felt like no time had passed I was tipsy I was having a great time everything was a bit blurry it hit me pretty quickly friends were there a couple of friends were like "are you okay? are you sure?" I was like yeah yeah I'm in a really good place now got tired and out of it crashed at a friend's house...Woke up the next morning early with that familiar horrible head-cracking nauseating disgusting hungover feeling which persisted for the next 18ish hours until I went to sleep that night at like midnight cue hours of being nauseous cold shivery feeling disgusting anxious splitting headache that nothing made go away too tired to function too hungover to sleep too nauseous to eat unable to throw up feeling really anxious and teary and down which persisted through most of the week. I kind of felt like the enormity of how much I fucked up by drinking wasn't something I wanted to deal with or look at straight away it seemed overwhelming I've just been really teary I'm on a week's break from uni and don't have work until the weekend but instead of catching up on study or being productive most days I've just been sleeping for hours and feeling really weird and sad. ..I'm trying to snap out of it and go back to normal I don't want to drink again and the first thing I did waking up hungover on Saturday morning was to open up this site and read as much as I could. For everyone reading this thank you and for everyone here at every stage of their journey I absolutely support and respect what you're doing. It's so hard sometimes but I don't know what I would have done without this community to come to. I hope reading about my relapse is helpful - take it from me it wasn't worth it!!!! Even coffee tasted bad when I was hungover it's the worst. IWNDWYT!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! :) This thing we are doing is extremely hard. One of the hardest things I have ever done in my life but I know I'll be able to help tilt this world toward the good instead of the bad if I stay sober. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back! I'm glad you lived through it. Are you talking with someone like a counselor or an AA sponsor -something or someone - on coping with your feelings in sobriety? We need a new set of glasses in sobriety so we can see and process things without hurt ourselves. Take it easy. IWNDWYT!
Thank you for sharing this. I do think it's helpful. It is good to acknowledge just how much vigilance this journey requires. I hope you get back to feeling you normal sober self soon. You worked hard for all that sober time   you owe it to yourself to continue to enjoy the benefits of sobriety. 
I give you an up vote for being honest with yourself. IWNDWYTD. No one is perfect we are all human and there is always the next day. Best to you!
You helped me a lot with your post.  A brief chemical lapse (see Fred Holmquist) after a couple sober years should be recoverable with diligence and focus.  Best wishes to you continuing your recovery.
Thanks for sharing.  I bet that story stopped someone else from slipping today.  Good job jumping right back in the saddle.  IWNDWYT
Yesterday is past tomorrow is not promised. Focus on being here today and that today you didn't drink. Like eariler poster said you see it for what it is not making excuses and not doing it again. You are ok :) hugs!
Thank you for your post. Like you came to SD for support it is posts like yours that supports myself and so many others. Just take one day at a time and be kind and forgiving to yourself. You have already shown that you are good  in standing up against this thing for a very long time IWNDWYT.
I'm only on day six but damn does this motivate me to stay sober. I just stopped having catastrophic diarrhea about two days ago. Happens every time I drink. Thanks for posting. I will not drink with you today. 
This is a really helpful reminder... playing that tape forward is really the biggest factor in keeping me from taking that first drink...
&gt;feeling really happen in the moment it seemed like an easy option that underlying thought process of "I don't care..."..Feeling happy and not caring. Isn't it crazy how those two can coincide? The experience of happiness can set you beside yourself just like an intense anger or intoxication can and pave the way for those impulsive contradictory thoughts such as "I don't want to ever drink again but I'll drink now."
Thanks for sharing - I admire your courage in every direction. I am always surprised when I read a post about a relapse from someone with so much time. Unfortunately for me it's not the relapse that surprises me - it is that you have so much time! That is a lot of a work! you sound like you made so much progress - and are right back at it! go you - you are an inspiration   
Two years is an extremely long time! Just try to remember a relapse doesn't disgrace or cause those two years to not count as long as we reflect and learn from the emotions circumstances and reasons that lead to it. Wish you all the best and to another sober 24 hours. IWNDWYT. 
Well done on the two years!.Tell me...was it just that one day that you drank? It did not lead to a binge? All the withdrawal symptoms returned for the week?
It has been a hard couple of days and reading this has been very helpful. I have a lot of stuff I want to get accomplished in the next week and reading about your hangover is the exact thing I needed to hear.
Sorry for the relapse. Glad you are back. 
I really admire you starting right back into sobriety thank you for sharing I know it helped a lot of people today it helped me.
This has helped me enormously. The moderation monster whispering in my ear is growing stronger leading up to my holiday next week. I will resist!
Thanks for sharing. This was very helpful for me. What do you think you will do differently this time to avoid getting there again?
You drank one day out of the past 734 days. ..This means YOU HAVE BEEN SOBER 99.8637602179 percent of all days/minutes/hours/seconds. And only non-sober 0.001362397820%..Sounds to me like you excel at sobriety. Humbly I suggest forgiving yourself  and then praising yourself for how well you've done... And will continue to do in the future. Clearly you're VERY strong. Be a good friend to yourself. You deserve it.   Thomas
Thank you for sharing. This post helped me so much. 
2 yrs is a great achievement &amp; I totally understand how you are feeling... I did the exact same and nothing changes... An hour or two of bliss ( pre very drunk state) followed by a week of pain and self loathing... Now you are aware and next time you may feel the urge "play the tape forward" as you will have been there before and you didn't like it.... IWNDWYT
Hank you for sharing and keeping us all on track - honestly these posts are so usual when absence makes the mind forgetful :-(.I'm sorry you are sad hopefully this was your final slip up ever xxx
This is the exact same situation as my last relapse back in February. Even down to the almost two years part. I too had the horrific two day hangover and then the week of sadness...... I guess some of us just need to be reminded every now and then that the grass is not greener! ..For some reason I've recently  been having the bad thoughts again and this post has bought me back down to earth! Thank you so much for sharing. ..Hopefully you will be feeling a lot better today! Oh and also ... IWNDWYT! 
I hope you're able to move forward without beating yourself up too much. I found it was a very different mental game to start over - it took more humility. I wouldn't recommend it obviously but since it's already happened... I do think this has the potential to make your recovery stronger. 
Welcome back and thanks for sharing your story!  Relapses are so disappointing but the important thing is you came back and you learned how important your sobriety is to you.  My longest sobriety time is 6 months so I can only imagine how you felt after 2 years.  At least you still have all you learned during that time and you have us!  Let's do this Thursday!  IWNDWYT!  
Thank you for sharing. I sometimes fantasize about going on a binge during time off work and these posts help set me straight. I think the dangerous part of having a "controlled" relapse is that it lets my brain start thinking that drinking again is a possibility. Oh how I want to go on a binge but I know my addicted brain will be going crazy for weeks afterwards begging me to do it again. It's just not worth this peace my brain has right now. Thanks again for sharing
It amazes me that some people talk about hangovers like a war trophy. Sometimes at work I hear people say things like  oh man I was so hungover the next day.  When in reality they should be seeing that as their body begging them to stop. ..The way our society accepts alcohol is so strange. I am proud of you for realizing that it isn't worth it and while it seems bad now in two years this small setback will only be an event that made you stronger. ..Not today my friend I won't drink with you today. 
I'm so very sorry u/aleidascop that this has happened to you. It sounds like you intend to get right back at getting and staying sober. I hope you do that! Please don't do what I did in 2016...I had been sober for 3 years 2 months &amp; 3 days when i decided to have a glass of wine with  dear neighbors back home in Coronado. I totally get that  slap in the face  you speak of. It happened so quick for me just like you described. Skipper &amp; Bonnie said  We know things are very stressful for you right now. Want to come over for a LIBATION?  It was that word that did me in. WTF? I threw away all that sobriety in 3 seconds. BUT I let the relapse go on for over 7 months before I could stop again. Please don't do that to yourself. End it right now today or 4 days ago. MAKE it be over with! Those 7 months of drinking ended very very badly for me on the Rock Bottom Day From Hell on 9/16/16. I truly wish you continued sobriety. And take it easy on yourself OK?
Hangovers really and truly are horrible. I know everyone who drinks will get them but only once in a while. Having them every day just made me snap and say enough is enough and surrender. ..I do not miss them at all. Finally on Day Six my body clock is starting to sort itself out and I slept like a baby. Woke up feeling fresh and while not bursting with energy it is definitely an improvement! I don't miss drinking in the slightest. I am not arrogant enough to believe it will be like this forever as I am still in the 'honeymoon period' of not drinking. I will be tempted again. This time I will 'play the tape forward' and remember that every time I return to drinking I end up drinking myself into oblivion in my bedroom all alone and swinging between happy then depressed and unhappy. Wake up to a hangover rinse repeat...No more nip it in the bud before I lose everything. IWNDWYT!
Two years shows that you can easily go another 2 years 5 10 whatever. Over that period of time it's a complete lifestyle change not just a temporary break. You'll be fine if you continue to live the sober life you were living up until Friday. Go back to what you were doing and take this as a reminder of just a FEW of the negative aspects drinking had on your life and that it only makes everything worse.
2.5 years is a good run. Don't be too hard on yourself. Sounds like you are armed with some truths about yourself and drinking. A relapse is not the end of world. I'm an alcoholic. During my relapses which there are many I thought this time would be different. That I could control my drinking. I did for a brief time. Then the obsession to drink was all consuming. So I stay away from the first drink.
Thank you so much for this reminder. Iwndwyt
The realization is important. It takes strength to realize. You are already winning.
Thanks for sharing! 
I honestly will never know why sometimes I give in to the urges and others I don't. There never seems to be any significant thing that I can trace it back to.... All my relapses are the same (had five now) it builds up over a matter of weeks where I toy with the idea in my mind... sometimes I fight and power through .... other times the thoughts get too much and I give in.  I'm hoping this time will be different though as I am now on this reddit group. ..What about you? Xxxxxx 
