-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wamuw/one_day_at_a_time_advice/

Good morning..I've really been having trouble lately with focusing on the "one day at a time" idea - I know for someone starting out in recovery it's the best way to start thinking but my mind keeps jumping to the future and seeing this whole journey as enormous. ..I believe this has been one of my biggest triggers when it comes to relapsing - any one have experience with this way of thinking? Any advice on staying focused on just the present day and moment?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes - Me! I found I really had to retrain my brain. Every time I started imagining the rest of my life without alcohol and my perceived negative implications of that decision I actively brought it back to today. I can decide about later later - Right now I can only decide on right now. It's a daily practice in mindfulness. You can do it! 
It follows that same serenity prayer idea of focusing on the things you can control and letting go of the things you can't.  We can't control 5 years from now or 6 months from now.  We can only control today.  So many times I thought to myself there is no way I can go a whole year - birthdays holidays - too much goes on in a year.  Am I never going to a party again?  It is amazing how fast it goes from if I can't make it a year then why fight today?..So I will deal with my birthday when it gets here.  I will deal with Christmas at Christmas.  Let's just make it through lunch.
As queyew posted &gt; it is amazing how fast it goes from if I can't make it a year then why fight today?.To combat this type of thinking I have thought of taking up hobbies that take time to complete: gardening indoor flowers learning specific eras of history etc. I think nowadays we live in a very instant gratification world and alcohol is another instant gratification delivery system so anything that re-teaches me that things take time will help me concentrate on the steps along the way.
For the first few days without drinking I had real trouble with the one day at a time thinking.  Like there's no way if every day is like this can I do this.  One day at a time or not...But the physical part is mostly over and I'm working on the mental part now. I do believe if I can change the way I think about alcohol I won't miss it so much.  I want to be GLAD I don't drink instead of sad that I cannot...Annie Grace's 30 day challenge provides loads of information that's helpful. And I just finished reading Alcohol Explained.  It was a huge help.
Oh man some days I don't even do the one day at a time thing.  It's more like ok I'm not going to drink for the next hour and then when that hour is up I tell myself I will not drink for the next hour..I kind of conceptualize it in terms of making it until it's time to go to bed.  For some reason that works well for me...
