-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wcetd/badge_reset_shit/

6 months in? 7 months maybe? I kind of stopped paying attention to how far into sobriety I was because it actually started to feel natural to not be drinking and that felt good. I didn't want the constant reminder and it didn't really cross my mind to  monitor' my progress anymore. Everything was going so well! Sleep marriage being a dad energy levels anxiety you name it it was an improvement from the previous 5 years. Then for whatever reason about two weeks ago I literally picked up exactly where I left off. Hiding bottles of wine getting those stupid little tetra packs whenever I felt the urge smoking cigarettes avoiding responsibilities and trying to cover it all up at the same time. Fuck it has been exhausting and the weirdest part is I have no idea where it came from. I was so happy and proud of how far I had come and then just like that.....A few things I'll jot down for anyone reading or for myself to refer back to. What I have noticed since starting drinking..Allergies are back.Sleep is awful.Wake up sweating.Wake up scared for my job family health and just about anything else that could go wrong.Anxiety is through the roof.So unproductive during the day.Wife doesn't trust me. I don't trust me.Sweating .Stopped exercising.Stopped most of if not all good daily habits.Not happy.Anxious constantly with waves hitting unexpectedly.Can't carry on a conversation.Brain is sooooo slow.Hot breath .So exhausting hiding and replacing wine in the house..I read this list and could probably keep going. Whyintheshit would I ever continue doing something that had alllllll of these negative effects. It's fucking crazy! ..It is day two (didn't drink on the 4th) and I am still climbing out of my daze. This sucks. Half a year into it and back to square one. I wish you all the best! The struggle is real! Happy to be back on track with this experience as a lesson learned in what will hopefully be a life of sobriety..
----------immediate responses--------

Back to square one in some ways but it sounds like you've learned a lot about yourself in this latest bump in the road! Welcome back and IWNDWYT
I wish I had only drank 2 weeks of the last 7 months! Maybe just a nice reminder of why we wont drink today.
So glad you're here. I'm sorry things have been so rough but now you can have your good life back. What happened the day you bought alcohol? I hear your confusion about how this happened how murky it all seems and I really want to shine the light in that direction and try to make out some shapes. Do you remember what was going on in general?
I suspect that if you looked back into your past 2 or 3 months that you will be able to see where your relapse started. I didn't start with your first drink that was the culmination of events that ended up with you drinking.  That is why they call alcoholism cunningbaffling and powerful. Because it does take constant vigilance to stay sober.
