-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8whloi/you_dont_have_to_relapse_tonight_even_if_you/

I only had 10 days but still I regret it. As usual I did stuff I am not proud of now trying to repair those mistakes I made...Booze still does what it has always done. It tastes worse since the tastebuds aren't used to it anymore. It still makes you act like an idiot...I know that temptation but coming from somebody who just rubbed that itch again I can safely say that it was NOT worth it. Do ANYTHING ELSE today. You'll be glad in the morning you didn't pick up that first drink (that's all it takes right? For many of us.)..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the reminder and I wish you the best...IWNDWYT
Good job getting back to not-drinking.  That's the important thing.  Screw alcohol. It's such an empty promise.
I hope I'm not there in 3 days. Thanks for the reminder friend. I will not drink with you today!
Thank you thank you thank you! THANK YOU for the reminder! I needed it today. ..This is why I love this community! Power in numbers. Xxxx..
 I can safely say that it was NOT worth it. ..Thanks you for sharing this. I think it's something I need to hear over and over. ..You'll be feeling better in no time. Iwndwyt 
I read a brilliant metaphor for alcoholism:..If you had a stereo (retro!) and turned the volume all the way to full blast then played music so it was deafening. You then rip the plug out so the stereo goes dead and the music stops. Then you walk away and leave it. That is you going sober. Days weeks months years later...you plug the stereo back in and the deafening music instantly starts up again. That is you taking a drink. The volume was still turned up to deafening all it took was putting the plug back in the mains...That perfectly describes addiction. It is still there like Jaws rippling under the surface just as dangerous and deadly if you choose to put the plug back in...And from experience I can confirm that is true. Every time I relapsed I would be back to how I was within a week tops...Just don't take that first drink. IWNDWYT :)
WE HAVE GOT  THISSSSS        
"Do ANYTHING ELSE today." This is something I hammer into my head. Somehow just stopping what I'm doing when the urge is getting close to winning and reading going for a walk or writing in my journal seems like I'm wasting time or something while drinking never felt that way. Of course those things and many others are 1million times better than picking up a glass. ..Addiction is a bitch. ..Some urges are literally only 1-15 minutes long. I just need to ride them the fuck out. So yes I'll be doing many things and honestly anything but drinking today...IWNDWYT
I will not drink with you today either - I'm scared and feel alone but we all have to get through this together.
