-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wj4yj/nine_months_in_and_im_not_fixed/

And you know what? I'm pretty ok with this. ..I have realized that without alcohol on the table as a way to cope with life I turn back to food. Emotional eating binge eating... however I can get some comfort. It's a different sort of substance abuse but I'm trying to solve the same problems. But like alcohol it's also making me feel physically and emotionally terrible so I made an appointment with a therapist to finally start dealing with this shit. ..If I was still drinking there'd have been no way I would have admitted I am not  fine.  I am still struggling but the crushing shame and anxiety that alcohol brought is gone. Getting sober has given me the gift of realizing that not all bodies react to all substances in the same way. And this sub has made me see the value of getting support. ..I think if you had told me back in September that putting down the wine would be only the beginning I would have been like no way. I am NOT strong enough to do this. But the past nine months have showed me that I am. And even though it's looking like I started what I thought was gonna be a 5k and it's turned into a marathon I'm not terrified. I have a sense of peace and confidence now that I can get there. ..From one broken person to another IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

That sense of peace is my favorite part of sobriety.  I know I can make it now.  My life isn't perfect...I still have anxiety and still need to be kinder to myself.  But I know with one day at a time I have the hope...It's all about taking one more step on the journey.  It's not about being perfect; it's about striving towards our potential...Wishing you all the best! Congratulations on nine months! IWNDWYT 
Unfortunately there is no "fix" or "cure" for us. We bandage the wounds to keep from bleeding out and move forward. Good luck to you! IWNDWYT
Unfortunately there is no "fix" or "cure" for us. We bandage the wounds to keep from bleeding out and move forward. Good luck to you! IWNDWYT
Great insight! That  sense of peace and confidence  will only get stronger. Don't beat yourself up too much about the eating. It's not booze right? I ate cookies non-stop for the first year. Naturally I had to reign in my diet and focus on exercise eventually but don't be too hard on yourself!
Hi it's so good to see you here.  Yeah I'm not fixed either and it is a marathon it's true.  I'm always rooting for you believe that!  ..xxoo.A Broken Friend
I completely understand those patterns of accelerating from 0-100 when I recognize I am going off of the rails but I abandon any restraint anyways.  Fast forward ten minutes and I am frantically searching for something else to fill the void.  Rinse repeat... until I am catatonic too sick to move.  Binge eating is filled with the same regret shame disappointment as our other ex- and for me this has become more apparent in my sobriety.  Fuck the feeling of needing to have EVERYTHING to feel SOMETHING.  You are \~strong\~ and I look up to your 3/4 year of sobriety... you are moving in all the right directions and solace will come.
A tree does not grow a whole lot per day. But a year down the road you can look at the tree again and say: you know that tree did pretty well in only a year...Tackling your problems is like that.
That sense of peace is just the absolute best isn't it?!
Everybody's progress happens at a different pace. Some people feel amazing and completely turn their lives around after 2 months and some people need a year or more. It has to do with a lot of different factors besides just the alcohol. For me I was fortunate enough to not have a lot of stuff holding me back from sobriety. I was single didn't really have any friends that I needed to cut out my job was supportive of my sobriety and I was financially pretty okay (far from "good" but I made enough money to survive). Then there are other people I went to rehab with who lived with abusive husbands had kids all their friends drank their job was about to fire them and rehab was their "last chance". They did not feel like recovery was working for a very long time after I did.
YES! Fellow ex-drinker with lifelong food issues here and I'm very excited for your progress!..When I did outpatient rehab last year we talked about how people who've faced substance addiction may also show tendencies toward general addictive behavior -- addicted to food bad relationships exercise. It's frustrating on one level but I also find it comforting because it reminds me that addiction doesn't make me a bad person. My brain works differently from other people's and now that I know this I can make steps toward healing myself. ..I'm rooting for you friend. We've got this. 
I'm working hard on a ton of emotional and mental problems too.  I'm turning the corner a little bit because I now have pockets of some days that I'm not depressed or anxious.  Looking forward to the time when the reverse is true and I only have small pockets of anxiety or depression and most of the day is felt calmly.  I won't drink with you today. 
Thanks for sharing. I feel the same way after 4 months. ..To the point of telling myself "tomorrow I'm getting drunk as fuck"...Then tomorrow comes and I have to find a better reason to not drink...I'm worried it is going to catch up to me soon and I'm going to fall off the wagon. ..I need real help...IWNDWYT.
I don't think anyone is broken. I think we are all human...That said though I understand the sentiment. You and I quit around the same time and it has been a roller coaster of emotions - facing the good the bad and the ugly truths of life.  Talking with a therapist will be a wonderful next step - I have a counselor I check in with every once in a while and it really helps me.  As does writing out thoughts about things so thank you for giving me the opportunity here :)..I'm not drinking with you today xo
Thank you for posting this I'm struggling with this issue right there with you.  I've only recently come to terms with my binge/emotional eating.  Sometimes I feel like I'm playing whack-a-mole with addictions and often wonder if I'll ever be free of all of them.  I do tell myself that as long as I'm not drinking then that is the most important thing but bingeing does take a toll on the body like you said.   But I think the self talk after can be just a destructive as the binge itself.  Thank you for sharing this and IWNDWYT.
I can totally relate with this. 
I recently read a book called "Intuitive Eating" that talks a lot about the use of food as a coping mechanism for stress anxiety boredom and difficult emotions--the same thing many of us use/have used alcohol for. ..Might be worth a read. ..Keep on keepin' on friend.
The unbroken brain book is at the top of my list...got it from the library.....I work hard on insight and have learned [am learning] to see where I'm headed if I engage in a counterproductive routine I ride it out and use the remorse period to express what I wish I would have done instead write it down. This method [substitution] works for me...usually...do be hard on yourself you will pass through many phases just keep your eye on the prize.
Reminded me of a Churchill quote: " Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. but it is perhaps the end of the beginning."
Totally feel you on this! When I quit drinking that only removes one layer of the problem. I always resort to food social media and other destructive habits too. That's why recovery is sooo much more than just abstaining from your original drug of choice. You gotta dive deep and figure out the roots of the problem which can be really difficult! But good for you.
Thanks for sharing.
