-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wjzd3/finally_realized_moderation_doesnt_exist_for_me/

I've had a drinking problem for years. I'm a musician and it started as a way to demonstrate more  attitude  on stage. My bandmates at the time we're heavy alcoholics and I just started riding that wave with them. Within a year I had gained 50+ pounds lost my SO and my job and my depression had become unmanageable without the aid of alcohol. I eventually ended up working a side job that turned a blind eye to if not openly permitted being drunk on the job. I work with many unapologetic heavy drinkers so it was easy to feed my lizard brain and assume that my problem wasn't really a problem. On top of that my use of other substances grew from an occasional curiosity to anything I could get my hands on to the point that was broke all of the time...Last September I was doing my normal thing drinking liquor throughout the day just to get through it. Stopped at the store to buy booze on the way home and when I mixed my first  real  drink (i.e. not booze out of the bottle) and took a sip something felt different. I immediately puked and couldn't stop dry heaving til late into the nite the next day I felt like death. I assume in retrospect that I had alcohol poisoning but I never went to the doctor. As soon as I felt well enough I poured my bottle down the sink and decided to make a change. I spent the next 3 months sober and was ecstatic to notice the change in my psyche and in my body. ..Then in a moment of stress an urge to drink overwhelmed me and I found myself at the store buying a 12 pack. Everything spiraled out of control again: my band had a recording session the next 3 days that I was secretly drinking throughout and I thought I was doing well at hiding it. It was only after I heard the demos back that I noticed I was playing like shit and my voice was very slurred. I felt ashamed and came clean to my bandmates who let me know they were very aware of what was going on. Once again I lost everything. My band broke up shortly after and my drinking began to negatively impact my roommates to the point that I was asked to leave and find a new home. ..A month ago my boss at work told me that it was obvious to everyone (even with a pro-alcohol staff) that my alcoholism was negatively impacting my work and the resulting depression was bumming everyone out. I had called out on a couple of benders and the owner of the company was growing concerned. I took that pep talk to heart and decided to quit cold turkey once again. I started feeling well and on a staff canoe trip I decided to test the waters of moderation and ended up drinking 12 beers in the course of 6 hours which led to hard liquor the next day. After I felt like shit I quit again. Then two days ago a wave of depression hit me and before I knew it I had bought and drank a 5th of whiskey in a single day. ..I stayed up late into the night after coming down nursing a hangover and barely keeping it together. I couldn't sleep so I started writing down exactly how I was feeling. I've come to the realization that every time I quit I don't set goals for myself to change. That self-hatred stays locked deep within me and I never actually improve. So this time I've got a game plan and while it's way harder to drag myself out of bed every morning I'm already noticing an improvement. There's no future for me with drinking and in the back of my mind I always thought I could come back to it...I'm working on finding a new job soon. I love my coworkers like family but I think all of us lie to each other about how we've got it under control. I'm desperately craving a clean slate and clear goals again in life so I don't relapse. The depression will always creep up and whisper promises of self-medication solving my problem even though exercise and being active is the true solution.  I've pushed many of my friends away (expect for my fellow boozers) because I was so tired of embarrassing myself in my constant drunken stupor...It's been very helpful reading the stories of others on this page. I know it will be a lifelong battle but hearing others experiences definitely makes it easier. Change scares the hell outta me but there's no other option. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm learning now how to deal with all the aspects of being in a band when so many of the circumstances that you find yourself involve alcohol (pre post and during practice at shows etc.) It took me a while too to find that I just don't really know how to moderate it anymore - It's all or none. I hope things get back on track for you and you get on the up and up again. You've got this! 
I will not drink with you today!..What a vicious cycle we are in! Drinking to mask a depression which is deepened by the alcohol. That along with what my therapist calls "needs mis-manangment". An environment that encourages outside gratification. ..I've tried to quit many time now. 41 years old and starting drinking at 18. Longest was 6 months clean. But then I attempt moderation or just say fuck it and down at 12 pack of ipa's. It is a difficult struggle but anything worthwhile isn't easy. ..Reading this sub every morning and every time I have cravings has helped. Also staying busy and substituting alcohol with a variety of non-alcoholic drinks (I like Spendrift drinks. Slammed 6 on the 4th). ..I will not drink with you today! ..
Hell of a story man. My next couple practice licks on guitar will go to you. Hang in there man. 
