-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wkmf7/one_year_but_im_struggling_to_feel_like_its_an/

This day last year I made the choice to stop drinking I'd allowed July 4th to be my goodbye to alcohol and July 5th to be my  finishing up the last skegs of booze  and then on July 6th despite many failed promises to my self in the past months I didn't go out and buy more. And now I've done that for a year. It's an achievement but I'm struggling with recognizing it as one- perhaps because I've been here before and pissed it away. Like I recognize that a year is a good start but there's a lifetime of work ahead and that's kind of draining to think about. Anyways now I'm just rambling but I needed to get this out there. Perhaps for today I can just try to work on being grateful for the year I've had and the improvements that have come in that year.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Remember how you felt a year ago when you decided to give it up. I imagine the thought of being sober for a year seemed insurmountable.....Yet here you are! ..Congratulations on fighting the good fight every day! ..IWNDWYT 
I struggled with the same thoughts like a year doesn't mean anything. But it does...everyday that you don't drink is an achievement. Congrats on a year. 
What are some of the things from this previous year that you are grateful for?  Sharing them gives new comers hope.  
**High^Five for 365 /u/MelkoD!**      ..I'm sorry to hear you are struggling. I found that sobriety is easier and more fun with help. Having a therapist and the program of AA gave me life-saving support. I made sober friends. Working the steps with a sponsor provided necessary personal growth. ..Sobriety is not work anymore. 
A year is huge! But really every day in that year is the accomplishment. Tomorrow is another one. Keep piling them up!
I have a lot of trouble being grateful too. The second I unlock an achievement I'm like ok what's next? The cycle of self criticism continues! I'm working on it as much as I'm complaining about it. I think gradually it will get better...Congrats on your year! Props to you for having the strength to do it all again! Most don't make it this far let alone twice. You survived.
congrats. here is what always makes me feel good. ..grab a calculator. enter how much you spent on booze per week. multiply by 52. smile. 
Congrats. A year is a big deal. Well done. 
A year is a good achievement it's one a lot of people can't get to. Well done on taking control &amp; starting to deal with your other issues. .IWNDWYT
I definitely relate to that kind of feeling. I recently hit 6 months myself and have been trying to frame my sobriety more positively...It's hard because I feel like it shouldn't be hard it's not like I'm doing anything I'm just not doing something and not being an alcoholic is the norm after all. I just constantly want to minimize what I've done because it feels like I just haven't done enough. By most measures I'm doing much much better now but I still have a feeling in the back of my mind that what feels like small improvements I've made in sobriety weren't things I couldn't have improved while sober...I've been going to AA meetings this whole time but haven't done any stepwork or made any real connections. I'm hoping to change that and actually get involved moving forward maybe actually doing the steps and such will help feel like I'm putting in work to improve myself.
Congratulations on getting to a year!..Don't sell yourself short on the accomplishment. But also try to keep it in perspective. No matter how much time you have under your belt you still have a drinking problem and it won't go away. It only gets worse with time. All that matters is that you don't drink today. Don't worry about yesterday. Don't worry about tomorrow. And definitely don't worry about the last time you pissed away your sobriety. Stay in the here and now. 
