-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wrvsq/relapse_at_the_airport_which_led_to_a_3day_bender/

Fully back in the shit. Fully feeling like shit. My badge isn't accurate...Had a flight on Wednesday and figured I'd have a single beer (1 turned into 4) before I hopped onto the plane. I knowingly and willingly relapsed because airports and flying annoy me like nothing else. Prior to Wednesday I had maybe 5-6 days under my belt. I try not to keep track of the days anymore because keeping track stresses me the hell out and ironically or not makes me want to drink...By the time I had landed and made my way to the hotel it was 1am and I was totally exhausted. But I had to have some more beer. Because reasons. For the rest of my trip I was drinking each night. I vomited more than once engaged in promiscuity went $300 over budget fucked up my ass due to diarrhea all because I wasn't strong enough to say no. ..It's now Saturday I'm back home and my mind is telling me to keep up the drinking because "Hey you've fucked this up already by drinking at the airport."..I've been trying to stay sober since January after years of debilitating daily drinking. I'm a chronic relapser. I keep relapsing. Although I'm consuming much less alcohol compared to when I was fully into it I'm scared that at this rate I'm going to be return to that dark hole. I desperately want to be able to stay sober. My previous longest stint was 30 days that I achieved through sheer determination of will. ..There's no point to any of this but I need to get this off my chest. I need someone to read this. If you think you have a drinking problem trust me get help. It's not worth it. This is no way to live.
----------immediate responses--------

You have 30 days! That's something. It's so difficult to get started and you've been there. I realised the other day that each opportunity to get sober comes. Just get on the next one - you know what it looks like! 
Ok matey.....today i will not drink with you. Lets do this. .i relapse but i am bloody well not going to today...
Welcome back. Keep fighting the good fight!
Welcome back. Make a plan on how to deal with the next craving (there are some good plans on here). Don't believe all of your thoughts; they're just thoughts.  We can do this.
Airports are tough for me because they're easy access and so so so anonymous. "Nobody will know. Nobody knows a thing about me."..Take it as a reminder that for some of us there just is no one drink.  .Doesn't matter if we have a week or a month or a year or a decade sober we're all just one drink away from a bender...I will not drink with you today. Get back up on that horse go to a meeting post here every hour whatever it takes it's possible there is hope there is life there is sobriety and you can have it. 
Chronic relapses are quite a common thing. Don't beat yourself up over it is just the way it is. Most important thing is you intend to keep trying. 
Sunk cost is sunk cost can't go back and can't hate yourself out of this hole.  First time or fiftieth all you can do is move forward and try and find that love for yourself as hard as it can be.  Today just be where your feet are tackle tomorrow when it comes.
I have been where you are many times. I will not drink with you today. It won't solve all of our problems it won't erase our regrets it won't make everything ok. Only alcohol can claim to magically do all those things but we know that alcohol lies. I will not drink with you today and tomorrow we will be a little bit better.
I am too chronic relapser. I just consumed three beers after 3 days off. I too got some time under my belt mainly 4 and half months and 2 and a half. If you just do 30 days then drink again its better than nothing though so keep trying and don t give up I m sure as hell won t . Keep at it bro!!! Peace and love from norway
Get excited about other drinks so you can crave them too and hopefully beat the urge. Good luck to you I believe in you!
Hang in there..Champ. We're pulling for yu..yu keep posting I'll keep reading and cheering yu on. 
