-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wz1lo/its_been_a_tough_day_but_im_almost_at_1000_days/

Today has been a tough day. I'm 23 years old and I'm distraught over where my life is going. That's because I don't know where it's going. I've been serving tables in restaurants since the age of 18. When I first got sober I went back to school - at the local community college. I put in two years of hard work while working full time to graduate and matriculate into a local 4 year university for their nursing program. I found out today that they want me to start as a freshman because their nursing program is "An intensive program and we prefer our students to spend all four years at our university and take the classes needed in a particular order". I just really don't comprehend this because I transferred in 68 credits. If I already have achieved an A in Biology and Chemistry And Anatomy/Physiology I + II and all the other gen ed crap why on earth should I have to do it all over AGAIN. ..I don't know what to do. Its not that I dislike school what I dislike is my job. I absolutely dread it every day. I'm anxious scared and upset because I don't want to work in the restaurant industry anymore. I yearn for a career where I can help those who are suffering and not constantly be scorned by individuals who at the end of their meal decide upon what I deserve to earn. To know that I may have to spend 2 more years doing what I dread is crushing me...Just a moment ago I was searching through my post history and saw a post to this sub-reddit and thought I would see whats going on. 943 days sober! A miracle. Life changes quick. it's funny my problems today are so vastly different from my problems two years ago. While I recognize the power of drugs and alcohol today I don't struggle with not picking up a drink or a drug on a daily basis. I struggle with making something of my life doing something meaningful and contributing to society. ..Visiting this subreddit today I'm reminded that regardless of where I am I have made something of my life. From a washed up 20 year old dead end dope fiend hanging on to life by a thread today I'm concerned about my impact on society. Today I care I fucking care about life love the people around me everyone here and general things that I couldn't even comprehend 3 years ago. My life today is phenomenal today its easy to be swept up in life and forget where I came from. I don't care if it takes me 4 more years to get a degree and a career. Today I am a success because I'm sober as fuck and tomorrow when I wake up I wont have forgotten about writing this post. ..Rant over.
----------immediate responses--------

Damn. That is some powerful shit. Thank you. You are an inspiration! 
23 1000 days under your belt? Kid you are an INSPRIATION. ..School can be BS. Have you looked into other programs? I can't help but feel like they are trying to get your money. I'm sorry they are pulling that shit on you. ...IWNDWYT 
You should absolutely be freakin proud of yourself. Bravo!
Very Well done...you have achieved something i wish i had at your age ....be proud of yourself ! 
I don't know anything about the program you're referring to but a lot of the nursing programs I've looked into and the one that I've attended do include only one or two anatomy/physiology course per semester. The rest of the semester is filled with foundational nursing knowledge and skills. I have friends who transferred in from other programs and friends who bridged in as licensed practical nurses at year 2. Even just missing the first year can create a large learning curve because nursing programs tend to be pretty insular. The knowledge you gain early in the program may not even just be specific to nursing but specific to how that particular program views nursing. Financially it sucks to have to pony up for another year of post-secondary and time wise it is disappointing to have an extra year added to your goals but in the long run it may save you headache and be more practical to do the 4 years in their entirety...I have also worked in the service industry since I was in my teens and I also worked in the service industry throughout my time at nursing school. I was also very burnt out by the industry by the time I got into school. As I said I know nothing about your program but once I started getting into practicum in the second year I found it easier to serve as well. Weirdly I seemed to empathize with people more even though I'd always assumed it would be the opposite (seeing sick people with "real" problems making me have less patience for people with restaurant problems). I think it got easier knowing I had an out within my reach...Best of luck in your future nursing career and congratulations on your continual sobriety.. You've already accomplished so much and you seem to have a good head on your shoulders. 
Great post.... thank yu.  I'm cheering for yu 
Thank you for this awesome post! I've been thinking about when I went from a "normal" university binge drinker to a daily drinker and it was when I started waitressing full-time. It was then that I started drinking to. ease my nerves after a stressful shift. I think you're incredibly strong to stay sober and focussed. ..You are an inspiration and I would be honoured to have you either as my waitress or my nurse. IWDWYT
I totally get why you are frustrated but you are definitely on the right track in life. I didn't graduate nursing school until I was 27 and that was after I failed out of the 4 year program for missing a pediatrics test. I worked kitchen at a local restaurant/bar and literally drank myself to sleep the night before instead of studying and woke up too late for the test (my grades were already suffering from a semester of drinking and not studying). It's funny I'm just now realizing how much trouble and pain alcohol has caused me. This whole time I just blamed my poor study habits and not my inability to control drinking... Anyways I was lucky to enroll in the local community college and in 2 years I earned an associates in nursing and my license. I worked as an RN while going back for my bachelor's of science in nursing and kept up with and married the RN I met during my first run at nursing school. We travel/nursed and relocated to California and life cannot be better. My point is you are definitely doing something great with your life  even though it seems like it will take forever. The best part is you have control. 4 more years is nothing in the grand scheme and before you know it you will help to heal people everyday. THANK YOU FOR SHARING. You have helped me face repressed memories of my shitty drinking habits and how Lucky I am to be here today. Looking back I could always find a blame other than alcohol and this realization is now helping me fight my addiction. You are already doing something meaningful and you will be a great healthcare provider.
Congratulations on 1000 days! I want to say 2 things. ..In  Outliers  Gladwell relates the story of the smartest man in the world who fails to find traditional success. Part of the reason for his struggles are his difficulty in navigating the day-to-day challenges of college - dealing with the bureaucracy arranging transportation etc. Don't let these temporary impediments stop you! ..Second not pursuing your dream for whatever your reasons will leave you - let's say - unhappy. Especially at 23. And sober! In 4 years you'll be 27. If you don't go for it you'll be 27 and degree free. ..Keep working it. With sobriety anything is possible especially with your drive and passion. Good luck! 
I had a similar school experience.  2 years at the community college 4.0 gpa then I transferred into the university and my program was a 5 year architecture program.  I got to take 12 credits per year instead of 18 but it was still a crazy amount of school.  I could have picked a different major and many times during school I wish I had because it was hellish.  But now I'm glad I stuck with it.  ..I totally understand about hating the restaurant industry.  It was not for me.  I hated waiting tables.  I bet you can find a job doing something else.  Maybe there is a job available at the university?  Getting **and** job at the university is great because it makes it easier to get another better job there they often have awesome benefits and reduced tuition rates.  Seriously like janitorial stuff could be good for the short term even.  And then the university will often hire for other open positions from within.  Just a thought.
