-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8x5288/warning_this_post_contains_pissing_and_moaning/

Hi SD. Its been a long time since I've checked in and things have been good overall. But recently life has been handing me some poop sandwiches and I'm struggling to maintain my positive attitude. ..After 10 years at a job that I love my company was acquired and has become a crappy place to work. ..My kid has anxiety and I'm not doing enough to help. ..I'm in a Master's Degree program and I'm tired of the constant grind. ..I've lost workout motivation and have gained back some of my booze fat. ..Things will get better I know they will. I'll find a new job see my kid have some successes finish school and get motivated by some new physical activity. But for now right now I'm reminded that quitting drinking didn't make my life perfect. When I stopped suppressing my feelings I found a lot of this stuff sitting there waiting to be dealt with. Like who I want to be as a person what kind of a parent I want to be and how do I find the motivation to do positive things for myself...The one perfect thing sobriety did give me was you. I appreciate being able to come here be myself speak my mind and find some solace in your words. I plan to read posts upvote and comment until I feel better. Then I'll think positive and appreciative thoughts about all of you until it's time to sleep. ..Thank you SD. Until next time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely some first-world problems right there. ..Think about how bad things used to be and realize life's pretty good right now. 
Hey you had me at the title! But seriously I feel you. When I decided to not drink there was a mountain of issues waiting for attention. It was discouraging at times. But after a while as it is when you climb a mountain one step at a time I could see that I actually made progress. Never perfect always better. Keep up the good work I will not drink with you today! 
Grad school is an utter grind.  I'm so much more relaxed and well-rested now that my program is over.  You'll get there too!
Just want to send you a ton of supportive thoughts. IWNDWYT 
