-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8x5juq/i_think_there_must_be_something_to_that_kindling/

I don't recall ever having a craving as powerful as the one I've just gotten through.  Like I was possessed or something.  I chugged a grapefruit Izze and sat down at the computer to read here and saw that someone had suggested googling Kindling Effect to another poster and I checked it out and gleaned from what I read that the relapses get harder and harder over one's drinking life.  I guess what little bit of sanity I have surfaced in my brain because I'm on the other side now but that was something else.   I'm sure I don't need to go into any details but let's just say it was sorta like an out of body experience.  Not sure I could handle cravings any worse than that so I figured I better quit while I'm ahead if you can call it that.  Thanks for being here folks.  A lifesaver you are.
----------immediate responses--------

What to go.. thanks for posting. This place amazes me more and more... every day. IWNDWYT 
Glad you're OK !
Can confirm. Kindling is real. I can't ever drink again because I'm pretty sure I will die if I do. Last time I relapsed after quitting my blood pressure spiked up to 195/117. And this was with being on 2 BP meds. 
It's very real. One of the things that keeps me sober is that I don't think I have another withdrawal in me.
I can relate.  Last year at this time I was just released from a detox.  I had relapsed for about 7 days and was in such bad shape from withdrawing I knew it was not safe.  I was visiting a city and let's just say I was helpless.  I could barely move.  And at this point I was no stranger to withdrawing but it was next level bad.  I felt like I barely made it into that detox alive.  Still I didn't learn my lesson.  Coming up on 90 days this week though and like mentioned above I don't think I have another withdrawal in me after this last stint.  So grateful right now.  Thanks for reminding me of what hell looks like.  
Yes my relapses were getting worse and worse and the symptoms terrible and this last (and final I hope) detox was really rough. Felt brain impaired in a way I had never felt before. This shit is real.
