-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xbejf/ive_finally_admitted_i_have_a_problem/

Apologies for the lost post but I've found it useful to to write down as much as I can during my lunchbreak....Last night I was forced to admit that I have a drinking problem. I've known for some time and so has my SO but we've never actually used the term  problem' until last night. It was unavoidable this time though because she saw how quickly I had gone from sober to drunk and knew that the four beers I'd had couldn't have gotten me into that state so she checked the alcohol cupboard and found that I'd had about half of a bottle of this foul tasting liquor while I was cooking our dinner. It wasn't even my own booze I bought it her at Christmas because it's an ingredient in a cocktail she had once but she's never made it at home and I've polished off the whole bottle now mostly in secret. Secret drinking is something I do regularly whether it be a bottle stashed away somewhere or something as simple as buying the strongest beer I can find. 8.2&amp;#37; cider does the trick...I don't drink Monday to Thursday and never feel the need to. However when Friday comes around I binge hard and will do the same Saturday and kid myself that I won't do it on Sunday so I'm not feeling shit for work but nine times out of ten I do. I'm generally quite fit I do a lot of outdoorsy stuff do weights three or four times a week and I have a good healthy diet. But I've got a beer belly that won't go away. My home life is good we own a lovely house and we're getting married next year generally I'm very happy in life but I really struggle with the idea of not getting drunk on a weekend. In my younger days I was a real party animal and would go on three day benders of drink and drugs mostly drugs and I think that's part of the reason why I feel the need to do that now. I haven't had drugs in nearly four years and that part of my life is well and truly behind me. But the drug alcohol is available in every shop and I take advantage of that far too much. ..It does affect my relationship. She doesn't drink except on the odd special occasion and she hates it when I'm at home slurring my words and being incoherent. It makes me restless in bed and I often fling my arms around and hurt her in the night. Over the years I've gotten into a lot of trouble while under the influence. I've lost teeth after falling on my face injured myself countless times been thrown out of bars woken up in all kinds of places missed work slept with people I shouldn't damaged/lost things and generally been extremely irresponsible. Even this weekend I woke up on my landing at the top of the stairs with no idea how I got there. Now on Monday I feel like crap and having to face up to things following last night is very difficult for me. I wish I could control how much I drank. Yesterday four beers would have been perfect sitting in the garden on a sunny afternoon but I had to go and ruin it by downing half a bottle of the most disgusting spirit I've ever had...I've just ordered This Naked Mind and I'm hoping that will help. I'll also be coming on here regularly to read advice. I hope I can make a change because I feel like if I stopped drinking I would be capable to doing so much more. Last time I stopped drinking for a month (Dry January 2016) I wrote three short stories and five chapters of a novel. But I'd much rather be drunk than be creative and I hate myself for that so I've hardly done anything. Since then I've only had one weekend when I didn't drink and it was torture. It was great being in work feeling fresh on the Monday no anxiety at all (unlike today) but the thought of going dry scares the hell out of me. I just feel I've reached a point where my health (both physical and mental) and my relationship really need it or I could end up losing it all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..Thanks for sharing your story it has a very familiar ring to it.....Would that 8.2% cider be Henry Weston's Vintage by any chance?... Yeah I used to drink that too (and anything else I could get my hands on!).....Glad to hear you've got *This Naked Mind* on the way and check out her YouTube channel of the same name too it's excellent.....Another title I found really helpful was '*Alcohol Explained*' by William Porter it was a real eye-opener.....Going sober was the best decision I've made in years hope you'll find the same!..Stick around and keep us posted.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
Welcome :) You have a lot of support here. You can do this!
I relate to your story very well.  In my head I was doing fine since I felt I was doing great during the week.  On the weekends it was almost like I was trying to summon my 20s back by drinking a ton and just imagining that there would somehow be a party at my house just like when I was in college or recently graduated.  However that was never the case.  It was my wife and I watching TV and me making incredibly dumb (though at the time I thought very enlightened) remarks.  I'd wake up not really remembering the movie or what we ate or what we talked about.  She'd kindly tell me how badly I had snored and how much I reeked of alcohol.  I'd drink enough that day to not feel as bad but then the hangover would just get pushed to Monday.  Monday morning I'd take a shower swearing I'd never drink again.  By Tuesday I'd be feeling better back at the gym crushing it at work.  Then Friday I'd pick up a 12 pack on the way home from the gym and it would start all over.  ..I posted this yesterday but I think it belongs here as well.  From *Alcohol Explained* comparing drinking with playing video games:..  I used to spend every spare moment on the PlayStation and I have very  fond memories of spending hour after hour playing PlayStation games. I  have still got a PlayStation but I don't play on it as I just can't get  into the games anymore. For some reason I just don't enjoy them. Maybe I  no longer have the patience or the mental agility or the hand/ eye  coordination. But I don't sit around bemoaning the fact that I don't  like playing PlayStation games anymore. I just don't play them and  instead I fill what little spare time I have with other things like  reading...  ..The point is drinking just isn't fun anymore.  I just have to reprogram my brain to realize that.  It's time to find things that are fun and rewarding...IWNDWYT.
Welcome! I also was a secret drinker. People knew I drank every day but not how much. I'm 6 wks sober today and haven't gone this long without drinking since I was 13 (unless you count when I was pregnant 5 yrs ago). You can totally do this if not for yourself for your relationship. You can do it  
Step 1: admit you have a problem..Step 2: stay sober..Step 3: ???..Step 4: profit
Welcome!  I found This Naked Mind to be very helpful and I hope you do too.  Be prepared for how much free time you'll have when you quit drinking and make a plan.  This will be the best decision you've ever made.
Thank you for sharing your story I'm glad you're here..I discovered this sub about a month ago and just finished This Naked Mind.  I've found these two things have helped immensely.  You are heading in the right direction!
Man oh man you sound like me! I used to only have 3-4 drinks in the house and would drink them over the course of the day and my SO would always ask how I was so drunk off what she saw me drink. Then she'd find the empties or see my bank statements. ..It sucks hurting the ones we love. That's why I have 3 weeks under my belt and don't plan on returning. ..AA really has helped me but check that sidebar for additional recovery methods that may jive with you better! ..IWNDWYT
Good for you. I was in your shoes a few years ago with just the weekend hard-binging. About two years ago I began starting Thursdays... then one year ago it was almost every day. I drink less during the weekdays and don't binge quite as hard on the weekends because I don't feel like I need to cram it in (usually). Anyway I'm working toward quitting for good now but it's a harder road when you have to go through withdrawals for a few days. ..I also liked getting the strongest possible beers and ciders. Like you lead an active lifestyle during the week. Makes it feel like things are moving along swimmingly. ..Point of the story is five years ago I knew I had a problem when I was roughly in your shoes. Wish I'd taken care of it then. I do hope the Naked Mind helps you- I think that really puts this thing into perspective and can help change the fear of never having a drink again or the fear that life isn't fun without alcohol. That was the biggest thing for me- the idea that alcohol was the thing that made life fun. Taking time off (which I rarely did) seemed like I was withholding my favorite thing from myself. Now I'm seeing it was just a trick of the mind. Naked Mind talks about this. ..Good luck!
I feel like you could've written this about me three months ago! Secret drinking is the worst but it was the only way to get myself to the level of inebriation I wanted to be at without alarming my wife. She caught me on several occasions though so she knew...I'm glad you're here. This place is awesome. Whenever I'm tempted to go back to my old shitty ways of self destruction I can just pull out my phone open this app and dive in. I can tell you that I've found it gets easier as the days and weeks tick by getting started was the hard part. So stick with it sober momentum is legit especially when my wife tells me how proud of me she is and how much happier she is with our marriage since I stopped boozing. 
Welcome and good luck! I can identify with the path that led you here. There's lots of wisdom and strength here. Many of us find the fellowship is a big part of recovery. 
Welcome along man. I agree with the others that have said that said this sounds very familiar...The secret drinking thing says so much - I've done it with other drugs too. There is something horribly divisive about it - if there's ever a sign that the drugs are in control it has to be hiding use from a SO...As someone who's also had their fair share of 3 day drug parties halting my booze use confirmed what I already knew that alcohol is one of the shittier more toxic and dangerous drugs...All the best for your ride out and the next chapter of your life. :)
Realizing there is a problem and then making the decision to do something about it is a huge first step that unfortunately many many people never get to so congrats on making it this far. My last relationship of more than 2 years ended and unfortunately alcohol played a major part in that. I was also drinking in secret. We both already knew it was an issue and she thought I had quit but I started to stay up late after she went to bed and drink by myself in the living room in front of my TV or computer. Quite sad really. I wish like you I had caught the issue earlier on and done something about it so good job. Sobriety can be an awesome adventure. 
hello friend welcome aboard...100% honesty I had a hard time reading your story cause I could see so much of myself in it hiding booze drinking while cooking forgetting conversations the whole nine...I'm on my third (and hopefully last) sober stint and I can totally empathize with that feeling of "I'd rather be drunk"...gotta say though that starts to fade once you get out of the cloud..Truthfully though talk to a doc ask your SO for help she's got a vested interest in you getting better (for her sanity and her sleep)..I'm not sure how the withdrawal process is when you only drink on the weekends perhaps it's not as bad I don't know but you'll just have to fight that temptation no matter what..hopefully you have supportive friends as well granted I 100% understand not telling them I only told my closest friends and family...anyway I'm rambling you can do this use your resources and just know that while drinking may seem appealing in the moment no one wakes up wishing they HAD drank the night before
Try the Sinclair method to teach your brains to become less interested in alcohol. You can find good videos of it in Youtube for example. This on-off thing usually just leads to more drinking eventually. 
Great first step my friend. I'm about 80 days sober and I cannot find the words to tell you how much better my life is. Stay strong &amp; true! IWNDWYT 
