-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xf0bi/sobriety_can_trick_you_into_drinking_again/

When I quit drinking last June I was not well. I was overweight overly pale and shabbily dressed. I hadn't slept well in years. I tried to eat well but frequently experienced lapses usually while drunk. I was terrible with money. I was frequently prisoner to my emotions and was full of resentment...I was powerless over alcohol and my life had become unmanageable as the first step says. So I stopped drinking...Almost immediately I began to experience positive changes. I lost weight and my skin cleared up. I bought new and better clothing and began to look more stylish. I began to sleep well again. I performed notably better at work and became more punctual and reliable in pretty much every aspect of life. ..In other words my life became much more manageable...I've listened to or read about dozens of cases of relapse. Each story is unique but there's always a common element: A sober person realized he could manage all aspects of his life better and thought that given his newfound confidence he could manage drinking too. ..Except like most of us he couldn't. And then he's back to where he started...And that for an alcoholic is the deal with sobriety. It will give you more than you could have ever dreamed about. But one thing it won't give you is the ability to drink like a "normal" person again. ..For me this is where faith comes in. During my last years of drinking when I knew I had a problem but couldn't accept that I had to quit entirely my brain supplied me with numerous justifications for continuing. It seemed that I a highly functioning person could learn to conquer my drinking problems if I simply applied the right set of practices. The idea that I could not manage my alcohol habit was very difficult to accept even though the evidence was staring me right in the face...Now learning how to manage my life has been one of the joys of sobriety. And I admit the thought that I may be able to manage my drinking now occasionally creeps into my mind. But I banish it. I don't have to know why I can't drink like a normal person   just that I can't. I simply believe that to be true. And that's enough for me...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this post! Love it. I've relapsed too many times for this reason - this time I already have plans on how to deal with this if my brain ever tries to trick me like that again. ..Having a plan is something I have never done before and I am so grateful to have one in place now...IWNDWYT!
&gt;  And that for an alcoholic is the deal with sobriety. It will give you more than you could have ever dreamed about. But one thing it won't give you is the ability to drink like a "normal" person again. ..Thanks for this. ..You know how you hear about people with mental illness such as schizophrenia who stop taking their meds because they are "fine" and then they're not "fine" at all and do something disastrous like throw their kids into the Bay? When I hear about those tragedies I think "How can they not understand such an obvious reality?!" Well.......! 
Thanks 
Thank you for this story. We can not moderate and that is the fact!!! Going to sleep with this thought and waking up. I am still early in this recently entered in triple digits but it is nice to see this kind of posts. I whish you long and prosperous life. 
Nice summary of the moderation myth.  I'm saving it for posterity and iwndwyt! 
\&gt;  A sober person realized he could manage all aspects of his life better and thought that given his newfound confidence he could manage drinking too. ..Oh my goodness! This is so obvious so why has it never occurred to me? I couldn't work out why I keep going back to drinking when things are going ok (not splendidly good - let's celebrate good - just ok). I can manage my countless triggers with various tools but that's the one situation I couldn't deal with so far. I didn't even have a name for it but it was "my life is manageable" all along. Thank you so much for that. :-)
It's almost spooky how well your pre-sobriety description mirrors my own and in that way even more so reinforces that me quitting is the correct path as well. IWNDWYT.
I can relate so so much..thank you
So true. I once changed my badge after a year of not drinking...&gt; And I admit the thought that I may be able to manage my drinking now occasionally creeps into my mind. But I banish it. I don't have to know why I can't drink like a normal person   just that I can't. I simply believe that to be true. And that's enough for me...Same here. Thankfully I can still end my days with a refreshing glass of almond milk. lol...ndwyt :D
IWNDWYT 
Thanks for the insight so true...
I love how you said everything in this post. Very straightforward and honest. I've only recently started to really admit to myself that I could not manage drinking I simply can't as you said. That thought has scared me at times and I've always known it to be true but never confronted that truth again until very recently. I cannot do it - other people can but it's just not something that I can do. And I shouldn't feel ashamed about that because there are lots of things that lots of people can't do and they never have to apologize or feel ashamed about those things so why should I have to apologize or feel ashamed about this thing that I can't do? And isn't that a blessing in a way? That one of the things I "can't do" just so happens to be a thing that poisons people.
Very tired and absolutely sober. I will not drink with you all today
It's weird. I'm scared of doing so well that I let my guard down and order a beer by mistake. Almost feel like getting a tattoo on my hand or something. 
Thanks for sharing this viewpoint I'm adding it to my Toolbox!
Appreciate your post.  I've been sober a long time and sometimes have difficulty remembering just how bad it was. I know a treatment center meeting will remind me that yeah drinkng just doesn't work for people like us. Congratulations on your sobriety.
