-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xmxk7/i_had_a_drink_this_weekend/

I'm 23 and realized I have a problem back in February when I blacked out and did some very regrettable things. I stopped drinking until about mid-April after that. When I started again I only had a drink or two and kept myself in check but after a week or so it was back to almost every day drinking as much as I can to feel a buzz. I remember mixing like 6 different drinks at my friends birthday within a 3 hour period. Chugging a beer before getting a ride home.. I stopped again at the end of May. I ended up having 3 drinks thruout the day on Saturday June 7th... I woke up with a slight headache on Sunday and asked myself what compelled me to do this? ..Alcohol is everywhere in my life and has been ever since I was a young girl. I started stealing alcohol from my parents and getting drunk with my friends at around 13. Ever since then it was a normal thing and by 18/19 I was drunk every weekend spending all my hard earned money on night clubs concerts and ofcourse booze. Every activity my friends and I did everywhere we went we couldn't do it without alcohol......At the end of 22 my relationship of 7 years ended (alcohol and partying every weekend will definitely ruin a great relationship) and that's when I started thinking about my life and where I am going. Everyone in my life drinks - parents siblings closest friends so I had no one to lean on and ask for help. Everyone thinks alcohol is OK. I started talking to an online therapist who helped me realize that my lifestyle was in fact not OK and if I do not change I will just keep making regrettable decisions. ..I've always wanted to accomplish great things in my life. I just need to realize that change does not happen over night and I must keep trying to get better. I lost a lot of so called "friends" along the way to my recovery. But I feel that life is better that way. I am happier. I have more time for me. And I am finally starting to focus on what is important to me. I'm not even half way there but at least I am trying. And I hope that whoever is struggling with this I hope you are trying too. ..Back to day 2 I go. Hopefully this time I can make it to 365. 
----------immediate responses--------

I started drinking around the same age and quit at 25. Spent more time blacked out than sober during that decade. It was hard leaving the life I'd led since middle school. In a lot of ways I was more like a middle schooler than a mid-20s adult since my alcoholism arrested all development...Only thing I regret is not quitting earlier. Some of my friends were still in the middle of a party phase at time but I made time to hang out with them away from alcohol. Drifting away happens too but that's just life.  ..Good luck with getting to 365. It's corny but taking everything one day at a time really does helps. You can do it.
I regret not getting sober sooner too... it took me until I was nearly 33 don't squander the opportunity!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Every slip-up is an invitation to reflect on what went wrong and consider what you might *do* differently in similar circumstances the next time around... Progress isn't always linear but it sounds like you're moving things in the right direction!..Having the right knowledge tools and *support*  most importantly makes all the difference......Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I can relate to not having anyone you care about seeing alcohol as a problem...On the one hand they are telling me that it's fine to get wasted and on the other they complain when I do stupid shit drunk or start to become an ass past the 6th drink...Whish you the best of luck on your journey and hope you don't have to trip again before reaching your goal!..IWNDWYT
I wish I knew what it was like to quit in my 20's or at least realize it was a problem. I've been either a daily or binge drinker for 36 years. I wonder what I could have accomplished in some ways but I've accomplished quite a bit as of now. In some ways I think I might have needed the confidence that drinking gave me over the years but it would have been nice not to pay for that with crippling myself every other way. 
Congratulations to you for your resolve.  It's immensely difficult to pull yourself out of alcoholism when you're surrounded by other alcoholics who think there's nothing wrong with it...You're amazing!
