-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xnn8z/teaching_bad_habits_with_love/

When I was a kid I remember my dad once telling me most Bad Habits are taught with Love. ..Apparently his dad used to take his oldest son (my uncle) to the bar with him when he was little. That's how they bonded.  As an adult my uncle almost lost his life to cirrhosis and alcohol related heart disease. Thankfully he is now sober and most recently a happy grandpa as well:)! ..Eventually I reflected on my own examples and noticed how much my beautiful and loving momma drank/drinks. She made it seem fun as she and her sisters would get smashed at karaoke and she'd take us kids with her. Breakup songs were their specialty. ..I ignored the nights I'd see her vomiting and driving her home as a teen. Alcohol seemed like the perfect way to spend time with family and manage personal stressors...EventuallyI too ended up drinking alone and sad. And singing way too many sad songs lol. ..I share this story because I realize how many of us learned to drink in our loving homes. Although my husband and I are struggling with infertility I have faith we will become parents someday. We won't be perfect and I'm sure we'll accidentally teach them plenty of bad habits- but Drinking will NOT be one of them. ..Dad thank you for your great advice. ..IWNDWYT .
----------immediate responses--------

So very true my father and I bonded over alcohol for years. It was never intended to be a bad thing it was just what we did when we spent time together. He still drinks but I've had enough and needed to change I needed to break this  tradition  for the sake of future generations. IWNDWYT 
Love this post. I can relate. Lots of family functions where alcohol was always plentiful dad drinking beer every day after work to relax while we spent time together. Even as an adult we bonded over wine. I'm hoping to not share that bad habit with my children. IWNDWYT  
So true.  I shudder to think the example I set for my kids.  Hopefully it's not too late to show them a better way. IWNDWYT
Very perceptive. Thank you for the reminder that we must set a good example to our children- by behavior first and foremost- regardless of intention. Hang in there with the infertility issues- take all the right steps and do the research and I am positive you will become loving parents to beautiful children! Abstaining from alcohol will put the odds in your favor. Best of luck!
I can relate to this.  In my house holidays and celebrations always involved alcohol and plenty of it.  My parents took a permissive approach towards my drinking when I was a teenager.  I thought it was great and reasonable at the time that I could have a glass of wine with dinner at 16 years of age.  It wasn't until very recently that I have come to realize how damaging this has been.  But what a great perspective to realize that the bad habit was built out of love.  Thanks for sharing with us!
This is beautiful thank you. And sending you all the baby dust  
