-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xvp61/been_a_week_feeling_bored_and_unjoyfull/

I feel better then ever physically but mentally I'm just meh...nothing seems fun to do at all...The only thing I have a general interest in is getting a PC and writing learning how to code stuff like that. Wife won't let it happen as we really can't afford it even though we for sure have room on credit cards...A week is a long time for me and I feel strong don't feel like relapsing just annoyed and bored. We are codependent and have been for a long time. Guess I lost all my hobbies doing nothing but drinking. Should I just do shit even though I feel depressed? Meh.....What you guys think? In a rut for sure. Oh and since I quit I've had insomnia and am sleeping maybe 3 hours a night at best...Thanks for letting me throw this out their. Feel free to ask questions keeping it short since I'm on a cell...IWNDWYT but don't feel up for much of anything else. Love to this community.
----------immediate responses--------

I've lurked on this sub awhile and most of the upvoted posts are not like my experience quitting.  It is hard and I don't feel better.  Don't sleep well or feel sunnier quite the opposite actually.  I get angry about all the things I was washing away with alcohol...But there are moments when I feel a peace and resolution about my goals that didn't happen before.  The idea that I'm conscripted to suffering this sometimes inspires me to be creative or do anything else that I wouldn't have if I had the easy out.  So I'm willing to keep exploring that.  For now.
Thinking about my own statements. Buying a computer seems awfully compulsive. Almost like taking a different easy way out.
&gt; The only thing I have a general interest in is getting a PC and writing learning how to code stuff like that...This is what I did when I quit. I applied for a job that about 100 days into not drinking that was a real change and a stretch from what I was doing. It was a 40% raise and it was the work I did in those 100 days that put me over the top on getting it...Dive in! Stay busy! I was unjoyful as well I'm glad I put that unjoyful time to good use.
Well for learning to code you can get a functional setup for less than a hundred dollars. You don't need those 500$-1000$-10000$ Apple iComputer NATO space-defense setup they'll try to sell you...I have an app on my phone called "I Am Sober" and it keeps track of how much money I've saved by not drinking. I was personally blowing 13$ a day I calculated so after 2 weeks you should be able to get something that you can start learning to code on no problem (like a chromebook and do online courses at like udacity or something)...Insomnia is pretty normal I still struggle with getting a good night's sleep. And I don't feel the way that a lot of these "I'm a new person after 5 days!" posts sound either you're not alone in that. I'm very anxious sometimes disoriented depressed sometimes nauseous etc. But I can tell that week by week I'm getting better...Hold fast.
