-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8y6uqr/pancreatitis_near_death_motivation_enough/

I finally quit drinking entirely in March when I was hospitalized and almost died from acute pancreatitis for the sixth time. I don't know how I've stayed alive and I don't know how I quit drinking after 20 years of severe alcoholism. I tried AA NA many rehabs. In fact I kept getting kicked out of rehab. Had to go to one for  lost causes.  Nothing worked. Until now. ..Finally I'm sober. Out of necessity. If I drink I'll die. Plus I've wasted too much of my life being drunk. This experience being sober at 36 for the first time since I was 15 is interesting. Stressful. ..Bonus: I've lost 30+ pounds without trying. I'm now being forced to take a look at my life and try to figure out what I want to get out of it. ..Bummers: I've wasted my youth. I'm alone and single. Everyone I know is coupled up with kids. Now that I don't drink my  friends  aren't interested in hanging out. It's lonely...Just know everyone I've done and felt everything  spanning the horrific spectrum of alcoholic shame humiliation and self-loathing. I've also struggled with anorexia depression bulimia domestic violence crippling anxiety suicide attempts you name it. Been inpatient IOP therapy and tried all types of meds. ..There's no one solution. The only thing that's worked for me is grit. Determination. And then I think once you hit a certain age you start to accept yourself more get sick of hating yourself and start to realize how short life is and that you might as well die or at least try to find a way to make it more pleasant because constant misery sucks. ..Trying to articulate my experience only. Everyone's is different.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for quitting. Doesn't matter the reason you're doing it. That's what's most important. ..36 is still YOUNG! You ha e your whole life ahead of you. Don't waste it- you have so much to live for and look forward to. As they say- don't look back look ahead. ..So proud of you. Hoping to have several months under my belt too.  
Congrats on quitting  that's amazing!! Im 37 and still consider myself young. Yeah a lot of people are coupled up at this age but soooooo many of us aren't. We have our whole lives ahead of us. You're doing great   
I'm 34 been struggling for half my life. Everything you said I've been there. Unfortunately didn't have enough willpower with almost dying of pancreatitis had to get all the way to end stage liver failure. Keep strong and don't let it get as far as I have.
32 lay here with the same plus an ulcer I'm in agony. There's more to life than this. There has to be. 
Thank you for sharing your story. Mine is similar in that I'm older (a lot older than you) and I find myself alone. I'm mostly okay with it though. Aa and all that "recovery" stuff never worked for me either. I just decided that Ican no longer live in a black out. It *really*  isn't the way I want to go out. It's agony. Fuck that..I'm actually finding it easier to to not drink than to live like that. I'm pretty damn sure I'm done..IWNDWYT! 
I'm home now. Hopefully get my shit together possibly get that transplant I need. Moving to the okanagan in a few months really hoping a change of scenery will help. I so so wish you the best of luck battling this horrible disease my friend!
