-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8y9qjv/finally_got_the_courage_to_go_to_a_smart_meeting/

It went really well!  I've been debating wether or not I needed help and accountability and I have chickened out everytime trying to go to one of these meetings and they could not have been nicer and accepting.  ..I am half everyones age there which was a little off putting but that did result in some nice affirmations of why I'm there i.e. A few people said "man i wish i did what you are doing now all those years ago" which made me feel good that I was making the right choice being there...My only downside which was totally on me was that I looked around the room and listened to their day to day struggles and i couldnt help but think "thank god I'm not as bad off as them" or "jesus im so glad i didnt let it get as far as she did".  I kinda feel bad for thinking those thoughts anyone else ever feel that? Does that make me an asshole? Thats the only negative from the meeting I just couldnt stop comparing myself to them as thinking that I wasn't as bad off as these people. Any way to stop that train of thought?..Thanks for listening I plan on going back next week.  I really can't believe how much of a weight is off my chest to just tell SOMEONE I have a problem!
----------immediate responses--------

I too have had those thoughts but then I just remember how bad I was that it made me want to stop. Always thankful that I never went to jail killed another person or lost any family or friends over my drinking. Wishing you well on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
Well I always heard that it was important in meetings to look for things you identified with to find similarities in feelings rather than comparing circumstances. So someone might talk about getting a DUI and it'd be easy for me to think oh that never happened to me I'm not as bad. But instead I can listen and think well yes I woke up with the same sense of shame and horror after some of my actions (not necessarily getting arrested) or even well yes I found myself unable to stop myself from driving drunk like him and it was probably only a matter of time.
There but for the grace of god go I.  Sometimes other people went to darker places than I did.. sometimes I am the one who went to darker places myself.  Comparison is something humans do naturally.  Comparison is an awesome motivator if we use it as a tool instead of allowing it to deflate us.  I think so anyways.  And we can't forget about the common denominators as well.. we're all here doing our level best to stop drinking and it's a one size fits all solution.  Weird huh?  IWNDWYT keep up the good work!  
I had those thoughts too as I started out in AA. I knew it was false pride though. The stories of folks who were like me resonated tremendously. For the stories of folks who were "worse off" -  those thoughts eventually turned to gratitude. But for luck circumstance and chance I could have been the person who killed someone while driving impaired or got fired for being drunk on the job or lost everything. ..Good luck!
I think when you are thinking those thoughts - consider that if you continue you probably WILL have stories like them to tell.
Also I'm sorry but I don't know what SMART is....
I have been thinking of attending a SMART meeting. Does everyone have to talk/share? That feels too scary for me. 
I often feel that way at meetings. Like I have a "high bottom" and it's dangerous because I feel I should be more rock-bottom-ish. ..The truth of the matter is that we qualify because we are there and deep down we know we have a drinking problem. The fact that we went to these rooms before we got worse is something that I like to try and use as an opportunity to feel the gratitude that offsets my feelings of restlessness right now. 
That sounds familiar!
SMART's approach resonated with me and I found the program immensely helpful.  Strictly speaking meetings aren't mandatory; they are strongly encouraged but not required.  I attended a couple of online meetings but mostly did the program on my own.  
Your poor daughters...
