-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ya2jb/struggling/

Going to start this by saying this is very personal and might be upsetting for some to read...Had some awful news today that my unborn son has died in the womb. This is the hardest thing I've had to deal with and am struggling to not just drink myself away...I'm in a very tough mental space at the moment and not sure where to go for support other than booze...
----------immediate responses--------

I'd recommend therapy or a loved one...Do. Not. Turn. To. Booze...You will not get support from booze. It'll only make it worse. Wait a week if you have to.
i am so sorry for your loss. that is so tough. my heart goes out to you and your SO. ..booze is a fake comfort though. hang in there. from personal experience you won't regret staying sober but you will regret it if you give in to temptation - plus it doesn't make anything better...sending you hugs. not drinking with you today my friend.
sending you light and love. You will get through this and you have my support - you got this. Just think about how drinking will make the situation worse and suppress the healing process even more. Try to get through these tough feelings mindfully so you can heal them and come to this sub whenever you feel the urge. Im so sorry for your loss. I will not drink with you today!
So sorry to hear about this tragic loss...If you contact your local hospital there are loss counselors who deal with this regularly and there are loss-support groups exactly for this type of tragedy...Sending prayers...&gt;not sure where to go for support other than booze...I in my entire life have never met a single person who told me: "I got support from booze"...A drink will only make everything worse.
Oh no!! I'm so so sorry! What heart wrenching news. Drinking will not help. It separates us and isolates us. Connect with others. That's the key. Let your grief be known. Cry scream wail fall apart. Find a counselor therapist group friends family come here. Do all of it. My heart breaks for you. People are here for you. Alcohol is not. Keep checking back in. .I will not drink with you today. 
I'm so sorry. Feel all the feelings... if you numb with booze they will just come up later  
I'm so sorry - what a dark place you must be in ....I don't know how long you were alone / I lost 2 babies too - both just before 12 weeks.It is a devastating time - i don't remember drinking to try and forget but my husband did and not did that cause some arguments - I needed him to be aware and with me to cope - it wasn't good that he chose to drink.Please be kind to yourself .YOU CAN GET PREGNANT .I was pregnant 3 months after my first MC and 3 months after my second MC.XXX
I don't know you and you don't know me but I am so sad for you right now. Genuinely sad. What a nightmare. I am sending you hugs and positive energy and all the hope in the world that you can hang on. Just hang on. Just one day at a time. Take deep breaths and do this one day at a time. Drinking is one of the only things that can actually make this terrible situation worse. We are here for you and we will not drink with you today. ..
I am so sorry WolfAdam. I hope you are doing alright. Sending strength and what comfort I can. x Polthier
