-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ygasz/dui/

So. I have been off the wagon for weeks and lasto night I got a DUI. It made me realize how big a problem i really have. Going to call my therapist tomorrow and see about going back to outpatient. How did alcohol take over my life? And... how do I get my badge reset? I'm weary but not giving up. It's time to do this again. Any encouragement from anyone who has quit and then relapsed and then quit again would be greatly appreciated. I feel like a failure. I'm embarrassed. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck Comrade! 
I can relate due to years of trying to moderate. Never worked for me. Try to identify the trigger that caused your relapse and visualize an alternate outcome when that trigger re-emerges. Good luck. 
Yes don't give up I'm 50 and have been on and off for the last few years. It's tough getting sober. Once you have the sober down cold life will be easier. Reaching out to a therapist is a great start. Being in this group is a great start. Find someone to be a phone call away or a text away that you can depend on to talk you out of ever drinking that fucking piece of lying shit again.
Sometimes stopping doesn't stick the first time second or third.  You've got this this moment right now can be the turning point. There's no problem alcohol can't make worse. 
That's a bummer. I guess the world has a funny way of letting us know why we don't drink. This hits close to home for me because of how close our sobriety dates are.  If I get the craving for substances I just hop on this sub and spill the beans. It really helps me. Hope you are well. Keep your head up you will get through this. IWNDWYT 
I've been on and off the wagon many times. This time due to alchohol related health problems I've stuck with it so far. It's really hard to stop thinking about drinking but if you can find something positive to focus on you'll be okay. Wishing you all the best.
Your story is the exact same as mine my friend. I've never been in trouble with the law before but here I am now. ..Use this to fuel you going forward. I know I never want another DUI and the only way to guarantee that is to not drink. ..The best thing I did the day after my night in the drunk tank was to go to a meeting. It was exactly what I needed and AA has continued to play a big part in my sobriety along with this sub. ..I don't know what the legal stuff holds for me yet but I can at least control my sobriety. ..On a practical level I hope you're getting yourself a lawyer. Look for one that specializes in DUI/DWIs and practices a lot in the county you were arrested in. I'd also recommend going to meeting and getting the chairperson or secretary to sign off that you've been there each time or to keep a journal of meetings you go to and what was discussed so you can show the judge/prosecutor you are taking recovery seriously before being mandated by the court...I hope you keep checking in here. IWNDWYT ..
