-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yhdgq/relapsed/

So bummed out...I was going so strong almost 10 weeks.   It started with a work party just have a drink with us 1 wont hurt.  Well the next night on my way home I ended up stopping for a six pack it lasted for 3 days.  Then next thing you know binge night.  Resume regular drinking schedule for about a week and a half.  F\*ck.....I am starting over today is day 1.  What a shit show.  It blows me away I am so weak.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it. Alcohol is too powerful and devious for me to trust for even an instant. I've been yo yo ing the last few months because things are coming to a head for me. I find it so easy to give in and once the door is opened I fall right back into the same cycle...I just want to let you know that I know exactly what you're feeling and you aren't alone. I am weak also. I find alcohol so powerful and it can sneak back into my life with the mental gymnastics I use to justify or rationalise that first drink and I just have to commit myself to this new course of action again. ..Good luck!
[removed]
"Mental gymnastics".  I love that description.  That is exactly what it is.  And very hard to fight.  It's amazing all the things the mind can do to make drinking seem like a good idea.  Sometimes it gets exhausting fighting your own mind.  We can do it though!
You're not weak it's tough retraining your brain it's so sneaky.  But failing you've learned some things like just one WILL hurt. We can't trust our brains and we definitely cannot trust others who don't have a drinking problem because they don't get it. Also I've noticed that friends who don't think they have a problem actually do and are possibly in for a rude awakening down the line. Im not wishing this on anyone just thankful I can finally see this for what it is and do something about it. IWNDWYT 
I don't consider myself weak I have a disease.  Don't be hard on yourself.  I found a solution in AA.  I hope you can find a solution too.
