-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yi9lk/one_year_clean_today_a_retrospective_and_things/

I'm so overwhelmed with joy that I made it this far. My family friends counselors peers in AA and refuge recovery I owe it to everyone for being on this journey with me...So I tried killing myself between July 10 and 12. Cut my arm on the 10th and tried drinking myself to death the other two days. The damage done was two fifths of vodka and half a bottle of rum. My sister had to drag me out of the hotel and admit me to rehab but I blew a .26 on that day July 13. I sobered up later that day which is why I identify today Two days later I went into rehab and my life changed...The first thing that happened in rehab were people reaching out to me and showing support. I never realized there were others who felt the way I did had the same resentments I did that sort of thing. I finally had a support system...I started going to AA meetings and used that once I officially left rehab. I started doing secretary positions and speaking at meetings a lot and met so many amazing people. I even started meeting people outside of the rooms and my friendship with those individuals have been so meaningful...So a list of things that have changed:..* I no longer take anxiety meds. Not that I disapprove of anyone else taking them but for me being in the program taught me specifically how to deal with it..* Learned how to have fun in sobriety without needing substance to change how I feel..* I was an engineer before getting clean and hated it. I realized that my passion was in social issues and helping people and decided to follow my dreams and go into social work..* went back to community college and got a 4.0 gpa (straight a's) for the first time in my life..* Got accepted into the university of Cincinnati social work program. I am moving there in two weeks..* Learned how to actually make friends.* Started checking myself and being in touch with my emotions rather than keeping it all in. Still working on this one honestly..* Realized that alcohol wasn't the problem. It was me and me by taking care of myself...It's been an amazing journey so far and I am so excited for the future. I am 26 and for the first time in my life I am genuinely happy. Stay strong brothers and sisters. If you're struggling know that you aren't alone and we will be here for you. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

What a wonderful story of hope. I'm thrilled for you and all the wonderful things happening in your life. You deserve it. Congratulations! IWNDWYT 
I had tears in my eyes reading that. So very proud of you especially as you are a young person too. I am twenty nine and I wish I had had your strength to get sober when I was your age. But better late than never right?..This was such an inspiring read and really highlights just how much time energy and money alcohol robs from us. The achievements we can achieve sober are incredible as you have shown in your post...Very best of luck to you your future looks very bright. IWNDWYT :)
Well done you! After 2.5 years of sobriety I tried moderation again at the age of 26 and it was a huge mistake. So glad you found your path in life at such a young age.
That is wonderful! So many positive changes! I wanted to die when I was drinking .  Sobriety helped my mental state so much.  ..I'm happy for you! Congratulations on a year! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for posting. This is inspiring and uplifting. Congratulations and great work on getting clean     
        I'm so very happy for you
That's awesome!  Congrats on one year!  Thank you for sharing your story and all the positive changes!  It serves as inspiration for me!
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing your inspiring story!
Good deal Congratulations on the one year mark
Congratulations! IWNDWYT.
Thank you for sharing.  You are truly an inspiration.   Congrats!
Congrats and God Bless!.
Thanks for sharing!  This is such a great story!  Good luck in school and IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! You completely turned your life around! ..I had a similar thing happen when I gave up booze: Immediately did really well in school. Learned how to make friends and have fun while sober (something I could never imagine doing as a drinker. I *had* to be drinking.) ..It's so amazing to be living up to your potential. Well done!
Congrats.  You're an inspiration.
Congratulations! 
Congratulations on your year your admission to U. of Cincinnati and for following your passion! You are amazing and inspiring. Sending you ever good vibe for continued happiness as you start your new adventures!.
Congratulations!  You're making remarkable progress and achieving great things. IWNDWYT 
That's truly amazing. You are an inspiration for anyone. Congratulations. I really liked how you had the courage to switch from an engineering career to social work I'm sure people gave you a hard time about that. I fully applaud you making that move however because just because we are talented in one area doesn't mean we have a passion for it. When you have a passion for something you just can't dampen it it has to come out somehow or else we truly won't be happy. Onwards misserray!
Thank you for sharing.  So many wonderful changes in your life!  How do you self sooth yourself through anxiety now?  Specifically you are changing your field from engineering to social work.  How do you manage the fear of the big change?  I won't drink with you today! Congrats. 
This is the best!!!!!!! Congratulations to you I'm 28 and going back to school in the fall for museum studies and teaching. I used to be in advertising. Such a different much happier life     
Just wonderful.       Thanks for posting. 
This is a really inspiring post not least because you have turned your life around at such a young age. Great story!
Congratulations! And welcome to Cincinnati I love it here! 
Way to be! Good stuff!
For me the way I approached engineering was very similar to drinking -- straight obsession...I would have a complex problem and would think about it at 3am 6am 9am 12pm 5pm 9pm etc. "I can solve this now. I just need to try harder."..Often I solve this difficult problems quickly. It caused problems elsewhere...The same logic applied to drinking. "I can have fun now. Let's do this big. Now. Now. Now."  ...I'm sticking with engineering. Trying to learn how to think better. 
Congrats! Quitting when you're young seems to be the way to go. I quit when I was 27 and life has become much more fulfilling. You have so much time to get your life back on track and accomplish what you want when you quit earlier rather than later.  I am so happy that you quit young and are doing incredible things with your life!  IWNDWYT
Thats awesome man.  Congrats.  Major accomplishment and your retrospective was well written and spot on.  I also consider my sobriety date 2 days after my last binge because I was definitely still fucked up when I made the decision to quit drinking and drugging.  ..I live in Cincy and am still (somewhat) active in AA.  If you need any advice on good meetings let me know.  Happy to introduce you to my home group.  Take care!
Congratulations! I'm just starting out on my path but this post has been really inspiring.  Thank you for sharing
AWESOME JOB!  Congrats!!!
so proud of you!..way.to.go!
Thank you for sharing
that's beautiful. thank you for sharing. so happy for you - IWNDWYT!
Thank you for this post. I am 25 y/o and have been struggling with alcohol for the last 7 years. I'm going to make today Day 1. We will share the anniversary date!
Thank you for sharing your experience strength and hope and thank you for your service to AA.
Congrats! I'm right behind you with 100 days before 1 year of sobriety. I'm sure it's an awesome feeling when you hit the mark...I can't wait to find out for myself.
Very cool. Congrats on your academic adventure!
Welcome to Cincy! I work very near UC! IWNDWYT!
Well done!
