-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yjwff/weekends_are_the_hardest/

As someone in my early 20's it feels very much expected that you have to go out on the weekend and drink. I struggle with feeling like a bit of a social outcast if I don't go and partake in that ritual. It can make me feel like I'm something of a loser when in reality I know it's not really got anything to do with that. Anyway it's Friday night and I haven't gone near alcohol so that's a big win in my books!...So how do you guys deal with the additional pressure to drink that inevitably comes around on the weekend?...Ps. Ignore my badge that says 5 months this is only week 2 for me. I got tricked by the American date system when submitting my badge request...Pps. Why would the month go before the day?!? .
----------immediate responses--------

I made myself go out and do stuff even if it was alone.  I couldn't sit in my house or I'd drink.  So I went to the gym went to a bookstore -- basically I went places I couldn't have gone if I was drinking.  ..There's nothing that says you can't go out on Fridays if you're not drinking.  I've found that it's a big world out there with lots to do.  I only ever saw a tiny portion of it when I was at a bar or hammered on my couch.
I'm 25 and I know how you feel. This is something I've often been afraid of too. The thing however is that you aren't the loser when you don't drink. Quite the opposite. So many people become alcoholics because they got used to drinking socially during their 20s and don't quit in time. Don't be like this. Also think about how often alcohol is the reason why people come together. They don't actually have much in common besides drinking and having superficial fun that wouldn't even be there without alcohol. Many of them do it out of this exact feeling of pressure anyway. It's nihilistic hedonism that has no meaning and only makes people depressed. What I did to counter this feeling is to filter out my real friends and doing things with them that are truly fun. I mean why would I waste my time with people who would only accept me if I did something I don't want to? Sure sometimes you think you miss out on something but do you really? I think this whole drinking and pick up culture wouldn't exist in this extent if it wasn't portrayed as almost mandatory by the media all the time. It's superficial and meaningless and makes way more people depressed than we're told. 
You're absolutely right about our dating system it's mad. Same with our not using metric system...In my 20s I didn't deal with it but I should have so I don't have the best answers for you. If you're persistent and creative I'd bet answers will come to you. I tried to stop a few times in my mid 20s long before I was a daily drinker but I'd just sit around the house and ultimately say 'to hell with it.'..I'm having better success now and it has been a matter of changing habits that lead me back to drinking and replacing them with new stuff...I didn't answer your question well but I had to address the US dating system because it still throws me off on occasion.
Last night I made a list of things to do that don't have to involve alcohol:..-Go on a nature or urban hike.-Take a dance class or go dancing.-Attend a lecture or bookstore reading.-Go to an AA or SMART meeting.-Have coffee or dinner with someone I haven't seen in a while.-Take an aromatherapy or herbal medicine class.-Volunteer at food bank meals on wheels or humane society.-Take an exercise class like Zumba or yoga.-Go to a movie.-Take a cooking class.-Make a fancy dessert and invite people over to eat it.-Go swimming at the local pool or gym..Many of us get into the mindset that if we "go out" we have to be drinking alcohol or at a bar. But there's lots to do that doesn't involve booze!.
[removed]
Trust me. There is a world of people who don't drink on the weekend. You just have to find them. It helps by BEING one of them!!..I understand completely! Weekends are tough. Great time to get outdoors. IWNDWYT 
I'm 28 now and the last few years I pretty much never go to bars anymore. Trust me there's a lot more to do in this world than go to drinking establishments. ..I'm once again early in my sobriety so I gotta be careful on the weekends too - but on Saturday night I'm planning to have a good buddy over (he's not much of a drinker) for a movie and bento boxes door dashed. I'm actually excited for it and to not be sloshed. ..Also Nintendo Switch has some great party games for sober house get togethers..IWNDWYT :D
I'm in my early 20s too and struggled with that outlook for a while. Every time I would join the crowd it would end up horribly and I'd be like what the f am I doing? Why am I doing this to myself? What to be like everyone else - who wants to be like everyone else? Now I look at it as I can expend all that stupid energy that was  goingout  on actually living my life getting ahead eating good food (mindfully not drunk or hungover) and who gives a f what anybody thinks? Being independent and doing what makes you happy is one of the most courageous things you can do. People are probably jealous that you can do this. It takes time but your trying!! When everybody else is just  joining the crowd . Your so brave and I understand where your coming from. You have my support! XO
