-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ykovf/is_28_too_late_to_start_over/

I know it might sound stupid but when you're in the moment having just turned that age you feel so far behind. I'm someone who has tried out several different jobs over the course of the past three years trying to find what really motivates me - I've dated around with different girls as well to find what I like - and I've dealt with some crippling depression along the way. I don't have a degree but I'm about to go back to school next month and I just feel so far behind. It feels like my friends are all making good money now and settling down - and although I don't want to get married anytime soon I also don't want my dating options to dry up by the time I get to that point. Alcohol didn't cause my situation I blame the depression that started beforehand but it sure as shit made me content with languishing in it for much longer than I would have if I was sober.   ...I think a big factor in me relapsing is me just thinking "well fuck it I'm old as fuck now anyway" and giving up. I want to nip that in the bud preferably with someone on here who's older and has more experience to tell me I'm being a moron. I don't want to go back to the bottle but sometimes this "why bother" mentality feels overpowering. ..  .Figured it was better to make a post here than to drink. Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Just turned 28 today its never too late. You can do it...
It's never too late.  One of my favorite quotes is "the best time to start was yesterday.  If you didn't make today the day".  It's all about taking it one day at a time.  Perhaps find a therapist to navigate the negative thoughts?
Well I'm not that much older (34) and just recently quit drinking again. But when I was your age  I just started going back to school in the later part of the year. I graduated with a Bachelors Degree  (after 12 years on and off in college)  at the age of 30. I got married at 31 to someone I got engaged to when I was 28. I started my own successful business at 33. It's not too late. It's.Never too late but especially at 28. You literally have your whole life ahead of you. Just think of where you could be in 5 years?  You can do this I promise.
Is 69 too late to start over?
I'm older and you're being a moron.  ..I'm 46. It's never too late. I won't drink with you today!
I'll be the older guy (36) who tells you you're being a moron. I had the same thoughts at 29/30 and since then.....- I have much better job that pays well and allows me to WFH..- I got married..- my wife and I bought a nice house in a beautiful neighborhood..- I have a 2 year old daughter who is the most important thing in my life...The one area I fucked up on was waiting until 36 to cut back/quit drinking. It took health issues for me to realize I had a problem. Never too late for changes but health is the most important thing so don't take it for granite.
My goodness you are still so young! I'm 39 and I got sober this year.  It was my way of making the most of the last year of my 30s.  But regardless age is just a number.  What matters is living life now! And you have so much ahead of you! ..Just take it one step at a time at a time and don't drink today.  IWNDWYT ! 
Nope. I'm 36 and I got my shit together and got my first  big girl  job when I was 29... after bar tending  modeling  etc all though my 20s. I started as an administrative assistant at a large corporation and now I'm an AVP...I was 32 when I got married and 34 when I had my son. I'm happier than ever. I'm glad I got all of the partying out of my system in my 20s. ..Many people think life in their 30s will be bland but the truth is your much smarter and well-adjusted than your 20-something self. And you're still young enough to be active and look great!..The best is yet to come. 
30 is new 20. 40 is new 30. 35 here and any age crisis related bullshit has just washed away. When I turned 30 I had such a crisis about my life. How I can never achieve anything I haven't already started etc. And now when I think about it it's so ridiculous. You/me/we can do ANYTHING. Well maybe not become a professional athlete to participate Olympics anymore but ya know.. 
I'm 40 and I have to get a new career.  I'm going to be ok.  You're 12 years younger.  You may be  behind' many of your peers but you have life experience hopefully well established values that you know you believe in motivation and a brand new perspective.  You got gold right there if you choose to use it.  Much love be good to you iwndwyt
Just turned 28 as well and I have experienced these feelings. It is never too late to start being your true self! Sounds like you have some things you'd like to accomplish in the future which is a great reason to quit. IWNDWYT! You can do it!
If you're still breathing it's not too late. 
I quit when I was 29 and haven't been more thankful for anything. Truly a second chance. My life is so much better now it's crazy. Did not too late.
Read all of these great responses and think about how much you (just like them) can accomplish in the next five years (a degree and masters build up savings travel fall in love start a business etc). Then think about how you will only be 33 at the end of that time. And even 33 is not "old as fuck" -- it is really just the beginning of the prime of your life in fact. I started a few years late myself and was beating myself up about it at one point. But now I have a successful career and am still in my early 30s. I feel proud and grateful I invested the time/sweat. I even feel like I am younger than many of my peers and that I still have so much to look forward to. You can do it!!
This kind of thinking is what lead me to another 20 years of misery. You're still so fucking young you can literally do anything you want. 
I Started over around age 29 (31 now) it's never too late!  I'm back in college now doing great and appreciating my opportunities a lot more now than I would have at age 18.  Have you ever looked back at stupid things you did when you were younger and think "Man if only I knew then what I know now"?  Well this is that opportunity!  Look at this as a second chance except this time you will have more knowledge.  The wisdom that is acquired through age will help tremendously on your journey.  You have reached a new beginning!
Ridiculous! I'm 29 and just starting. I can't wait to enter my 30s as a healthy person. The sky's the limit! 
Just turned 30 stopped drinking at age 28. So so so so glad I did. My life has gotten so much better in so many ways. Please give yourself this opportunity to experience life without the haze of alcohol constantly over you. 
Hello me from 7 years ago!! I re started at 28. I'm 34 now and in those 7 years I have lived more then most people will live in 70 years. It's never too late to restart and one might argue that 28 is the BEST time to re start. You have all the skills and knowledge to choose and shape your life and now you know the pitfalls of drugs and alcohol so you can avoid them in the future.
28 is absolutely not too late to start over. I am newly sober at 29 divorced and not in the dating pool still figuring out what I  want out of life. Giving myself this second chance has been one of the best if not the best things I've ever done for myself. ..You have to do what's best for you. Comparing yourself to others won't serve you in the long run and giving up on yourself because you don't feel like you measure up is just nonsense. Come on. You're being a moron :) IWNDWYT.
I was about as close to fifty as you are to thirty when I decided to build a new sober life. Unless someone lends me a time machine I can only dream of two extra prime decades of sobriety...You are still very young do this for you before more time slips away.
I'm  60so no.I also started a business with my  youngest son who is about your ageso no again Life is there for the taking at any age but we need to go get it and that is much better done sober.
well you could do nothing and look back in 4 years and wish you had.  ...Or you could take action and change it all one day at a time.  ...I got sober at 33 went to university at 35 very glad I did.  ...enjoy today.
Wow you guys are seriously bumming me out. I'm 26 and still feel super young. You're in your prime man do what you want to do.
I quit last year in my early 30s. A therapist at the treatment center I attended back when I was just a few days sober mentioned to me what a gift it was to have quit so young. And to think that all this time I'd been berating myself for waiting too long!..Life isn't a competition. You're never too old to quit. You're never too old to be the best version of yourself. 
I  started over  at 43. These have been the best years of my life despite uncontrollable setbacks. You may have another 60 years. Make them the best they can be. 
In ten years...when you're my age...you'll realize how young you actually are right now and what a great time it was to start over. .
I'm at 50! I'd give anything to be where you are! You're in the perfect place to get everything you want it of life. Onward!
28 Starting over with my education in a month and a half trying to become more social trying to get a handle on my anxiety too. .Starting over is the only option that aligns me with becoming my true/ideal self..You got this dude. IWNDWYT 
I'm 43 two and a half years sober and about a year into a midlife crisis. It's never too late (or early) to reinvent yourself. Get back to school and start working on your bucket list!!!!..By the time I'm 44 I hope to have gotten my first tattoo and jumped out of a perfectly good airplane. I'm in the same career but started a new (more relaxed) job 6 months ago and I'm loving life!!!!!
I'm in the same exact boat as you. I'm 28. I've been going to school off and on for the past ten years. I got my second dui in feb. got kicked out of school because I had to withdraw from my classes. I'm now going to go to a community college this fall. I know exactly how you're feeling. I have successful peers who are lawyers and engineers. And here I am with no degree. No  career . Nothing to be proud of. All I have is a criminal record. I quit drinking in February shortly after the dui. It's going to be hard but we can do it. I keep telling myself that everyone has a different life journey life isn't a race. I need to remind myself not to compare my success with others. That's what caused me to drink initially. I need to focus on where I am where I'm going and where I came from. As long as I am making progress that's what will matter to me. I just need to reprogram my brain to not care about others successes.  If you ever need to chat I'm here friend!
My dad once said:.."It's never too late to stop going the wrong way."..There are plenty of people who change careers relationships cities get all new friends new hobbies etc....Often at ages much older than you...Four years ago I started over with relationships and possessions.  When the police suggest that you move out or your spouse will kill you it's time to start over...Now I'm dating a great person and live in a decent place that has the furniture I need...In the past I've moved cross-country; finding all new friends wasn't easy but tools like Meetup exist now to help find people with similar interests.  And tools like Facebook help you stay in touch with old friends...One thing that works for me is to change several things at once.  A new workout schedule helps me stick with going to bed early which helps me not overeat on the evenings and all of that helps me feel better and be less inclined to go out drinking...
I'm 28 let's do this   x
You're not too old. I started flying when I was 28 and now I'm a pilot at a major airline. It's hard to see now but the better part of your life is just about to start. Coming here getting sober and making the choice to improve your life is all part of that first step. Congratulations. One day you'll look back at this moment as the time you decided to start living. 
Yes! I stopped drinking at 29 literally with my life in the gutter. I had no job lived in my car and couldn't keep relationships even with people more desperate and pathetic than I was...Today I live in a cute apartment with my husband and my little ni o in the oven is coming in November. I have a good job with benefits. We're going to be buying a new family vehicle soon. I could have never anticipated my life being like this at all. I have the baggage to deal with from my old life - my debt my credit score my depression and mental illness... But that's just life you know? I've got plenty of time to deal with that. Most important I have the *opportunity* to deal with it thanks to sobriety. I take it one day at a time.
28 too old to start over? This 40 year old sure as shit hopes not!!..IWNDWYT.
I've read that our brain will always try to do what is easiest and provides the most reward.  Saying screw it and doing nothing but drink is easy and it rewards your brain on a chemical level.   Poor lizard brain can only think this far ahead because it's tuned for the immediate.  That said I sincerely wish I had stopped at 28 as I didn't realize how much drinking was holding me back.  I could have enjoyed by youth more lived my 30s differently and generally been a better person a decade early.   If everything I have falls apart and I find myself at 50 starting over I know that it would be worth the effort. 
I just turned 28 and I feel like im just getting started/taking things seriously. if you want to see darkness you will if you want to see light you will.  Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't you're right. 
Quit at 37.  Been the best 5 years of my life.  
You'll never be 28 again.
I quit at 34. But it doesn't matter when. Just quit in time before you do something hurtful to yourself or others or before you squander another single minute. Life goes by fast and you want to be there for it. 
I wish I'd quit at 28. Signed am now 48.
I've lived more than two of your lifetimes.  The question is what do you want to do with your second lifetime?
I'm 49 and just began a new chapter in my life 17 days ago. It's never too late to make a fresh start.
Nope.  Forget starting over I didn't even really start the first time until 32 and I didn't start trying to get sober until 38.  The nice thing I've found about growing up late is that I've seen all the options and I can become exactly what kind of adult I'd like to be.
Hey youngster I'll be 50 this winter. Birthdays can feel like crap sometimes. But I'm kind of looking forward to this one. My kids are becoming interesting adults I'm finally good at my hobbies now and I feel a lot better than I did when I was drinking...Life is constant change. It will never stay the same. Your friends who seem established now and making good money may get sick or have kids or hit the lottery. You may do all those things too. Life sometimes gets better and sometimes gets worse. It all seems like peaks and valleys to me not a straight line of progression...Getting sober made me happier. Will it make you happier?..And good on you for facing up to your depression. I'm wishing the best for you and hope to see you around here again.
One thing is ceratin: if you start comparing yourself to other people that's a guaranteed way to feel bad no matter who you are or what you are. Don't compare yourself with others. Compare yourself with yourself 1 year ago. You are your only frame of reference.
I went back to school at 28 got my degree at 32.  Best decision of my life.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/8ykrg6/image_now_is_the_time_for_everything_always/
I'm 37 and the longest I've made it is two weeks.  I haven't had a drink in 5 days and I will not drink with you today.
Actually you know I really wasn't going to post anything but this strikes a chord with me. It was April 12th four years ago and I too was 28 and somewhere around that week or the week before I just handed in my notice and quit my dead end job that I hated. In the same week I signed up to the gym as puffy and ill as I felt I even had a beer in my bag as I walked in there. A few months after that I finally relented and moved in with the gf something I'd been reluctant to do due to the extent of my habit - which wasn't (at least I hope it wasn't) clear to her at the time. With those things going on and after a few weeks going to the gym and drinking afterwards I just gave up...I was very much sick of being sick. Sick of looking like shit too. Always puffed up from the night before exhausted useless until midday etc. And also so tired of actually having to maintain that lifestyle. Like when you actually think of how much of your time energy and resources - all of which are limited - go down that bottomless black hole of nothingness in retrospect the only thing I regret is not having quit sooner. Speaking more generally when you keep yourself locked up with habits like that you actually get stuck with the feelings and problems you've had for years - you get frozen in time and yet time passes all around you and instead of getting better you are slowly getting worse all the time. The stomach problems get worse and worse the tiredness gets worse the nutritional deficit builds up further and further especially given the fact that excess alcohol is a powerful diuretic and does a great job of literally pulling the vitamins/minerals/goodness right out of you and flushing it down the toilet. Quite the metaphor really isn't it...So... as someone "older and more experienced" who is basically exactly four years forward from you... don't waste another second of it my dude you won't regret doing it you will regret having waited a moment longer than necessary. What also keeps me completely abstinent is the fact that I would've never fixed my other undiagnosed health problems if I hadn't quit it was covering up a whole host of issues I had no idea I was suffering from. Four years later I have fought and won against a whole bunch of conditions that my practitioners pretty much said were chronic and lifelong. Periodontal disease graves disease among others. Alcohol even flushed so many B vitamins out of my body that part of my foot went numb (neuropathy) and that eventually recovered too. My weight is down 50lbs. I now manage my asthma properly...The only other thing I'd say is this: There is no situation in life no bad day nothing that cannot be made worse by the addition of alcohol into the mix. It really is true. If you drink to excess and you know you have a problem and even if you overcome it and feel like - hey i'm too old i'm this and that i can't do this - at the bare minimum the remainder of your life will be healthy reasonably content your health will be intact you will make new friends. Basically you get one more big chance at life...So do you want another chance at life or not? You don't want this opportunity because you wasted some time up until now? Yeah it sucks and that time's gone and I miss it every day - and I play songs on my guitar that take me back to where it all started in 2004 all the time to pay tribute to that time - but at least I'm alive and healthy and have a comfortable job doing something interesting and a gf that is always there for me. And I have my self-respect back too. And I feel a great deal stronger for having lived through what I did to myself perverse as that may sound...I suggest you put down the bottle and sign up to the gym for a start.
Sure hope not! I just turned 28 too. Going back to school quitting drinking eating healthier. Think there's a lot of good life left ahead! 
Today you are the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you ever will be  
Congrats babe you survived the curse of 27 and you're finally growing up. Heres the thing:  our society prolongs adolescence and then punishes us for it. You are not behind anyone because we all walk our own path. In many ways you are lucky to be facing your demons head on and integrating your shadow side through recovery. What would your life be like if you accepted that different people grow at different rates and in different parts of themselves? Im 33 and just cleaned up a year ago Ive been on welfare for the last three years and dont have a pot to piss in the people I went to high school with have houses and careers and kids and from the outside I kinda look like an underacheiving pos. But thats not the story I tell myself anymore: I tell myself that I am someone with a rich inner life that I am self educated that I value simplicity and that I have had the unmitigated balls to face down my shadow side accept it saddle it and incorporate it into the team of mystical fucking beasts that pull my metaphysical chariot through this reality and I dont have to compare that with anyone else's journey! You do YOU Boo and find a way to fully realize that this life aint a race- there is no beginning no end there is only your own conciousness and the narrative YOU tell YOURSELF. I hearby empower you by the power Ive invested in me to create yourself a narrative that makes you feel proud and free and IWNDWYT.
My aunt always says "it's never too late until you're dead."  ..I am 35 and just quit myself and I certainly don't feel like it's too late.  I feel grateful that I didn't wait until I was 40 (if I would have even made it that far).  I also feel that anything positive you do for yourself in the present is a win.  I think it's important to forgive and let go of the past and focus on what you can control.  ..I have also gained a lot more perspective as I get older.  28 used to feel old to me and 35 used to feel old to me.  But now that I'm 35 I don't feel old and 28 sure sounds young.  I feel like I easily have another 35 years of health and happiness left in me.  And the quality of life for my remaining years is heavily dependent on the choices that I make today so I try to keep that in mind...Hang in there and rest assured 28 is still young and it is absolutely not too late.
I'm gonna graduate with my associates degree like a month before I turn thirty...It was humbling to sit in classes with people a decade younger than me don't get me wrong but it turned out really useful. As an adult who cares now I tried really hard. Teachers respected me more. Getting black out drunk doesn't sound fun and novel to me anymore and watching these kids come in hung over and half assing it reminded me I want to be better than that. I'm so much better at school now. I got straight As! I hadn't done that since middle school...Also when you are feeling bad about being old just remember regardless of how slow you move you are still lapping everyone who is still on the couch. At least you are trying to improve your life which is more than some people can say. ...You got this!..
Hey lots of great responses here and I agree it's definitely not too late.  The comment about only comparing yourself to yourself is great advice we all could remember to practice and we'd be happier for it.  I relate to much of what you said and am about 15 years older.  When I was your age I thought everything was going well but then various things lead to a downward spiral depression anxiety etc.  I think the big issue for me is I don't see a future and don't have much interest in anything in order to take little steps to reach a goal but I hope you can keep interest in the goals it sounds like you have and don't lose that...I've gone to a therapist and recommend that if possible.  At the very least you can tell them anything knowing it's confidential and get professional feedback.  Making the appointment was the hardest part for me and after that I kinda looked forward to the sessions so don't be afraid to try that.  It's nothing to be ashamed of and I think it shows determination.  You can stop going at any time but maybe try a few to see which you click with best.  Ask about doing a phone session first maybe to kinda interview them and see how you click...I'm trying CBD bud I ordered online now for anxiety so you could look into that as people use it for other issues too.  In the US anyway you can get bud oils edibles tinctures etc.  I'm trying the bud for now but might try something else too and see how that goes...One last thought is I read about the Sinclair method for reducing alcohol use problems and that's what I'd try if it becomes a problem for me.  I enjoy the taste of so many alcoholic beverages and all the variety that I'd hate to have to quit fully.  Basically the method is taking a medication before you drink then drink but you won't want to drink so much over time.  It's about reducing problem drinking and some may choose to quit but others just want to cut back and maybe only drink on occasion and it's supposed to have a high success rate.  I think this is what a lot of people want but only hear that they have to quit 100% which keeps a lot of people away from trying to quit and a lot of people who relapse and feel bad about that.  No matter what method of quitting/reducing you try (if you do) figuring out what lead to depression and problem drinking and addressing that will be important which is where a therapist comes in handy.  I dunno just some thoughts in hopes that they'll help you or someone.  Take care!!
Yes 28 is too old you may as well drink yourself to death
I'm 28 just like you and just giving sobriety a serious shot. It's definitely not too late. Stay strong and take it one day at a time. Plenty of people have come back from much worse. That's not to downplay what you are up against but to let you know that many of us are in very similar. We can get through it together!
I'm also 28...37 days in feeling good as hell. Quitting alcohol has made the rest of my life seem waaaaaaay easier. Feels like I can actually make progress from one day to the next (whatever that might entail) rather than have a segmented streak of days interrupted by blackouts/getting drunk. When I'd drink the feeling of "progress" I get from day to day sort of resets to zero...I'd recommend giving it a shot and seeing if it's as much of a linchpin habit for you as it was for me. A lot of my problems seem way more manageable now that I have a clear head.    
You started your post correctly in saying  This may sound stupid..  it does sound stupid sorry! I said stupid things when I was your age I turn 45 next week and I still say stupid shit. You have very little perspective on time and life in general. You just haven't been around long enough to achieve any perspective. You're so young and there are so many possibilities! 
Hi there. .I just graduated 3 weeks ago and I'm 32. I started going to community college when I was 28 and it's honestly one of the best decisions I have ever made and one of my proudest accomplishments. That said my other greatest accomplishment was quitting drinking and it's only been 3 months since my last drink. They say the best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago but the second best time is today. Go plant the tree man :)
28 years old here too..From what I hear your thirties are better than your twenties because your body still works and your brain has fully developed so you better understand consequences. So less dumb decisions are made..I also hear all the time from 30+ year olds that they would NEVER want to relive their twenties. .Everyone screws up royally in that decade..I did. A lot..Being in your twenties sucks man..Now is the perfect time to start over..Start over get stoked on the coming years and go hard til the wheels fall off..That's my plan anyway..IWNDWYT
I think of the saying. "The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago. The second best time is today."
Damn dude you're making me feel old. 28 is a baby. 
I know this will get buried but I just have to say you have SO much time. You are so young and have so many years ahead of you. I started a second career (and met my future husband) at 30 had a kid at 35 and got sober at 40. I'm so glad I did and wish I had years earlier. Your best years are ahead of you and I wish you all the best. 
Oh honey. ..I changed careers for the second time at 28--and I mean radical go back to school and start over career change. And I'm happier now than I could have ever been had I stayed on that old path. You can "why bother" at any age and "fuck it" is a sentiment for all seasons. You have decades in front of you--and these are the good decades! I wouldn't be in my 20s again for anything. Seriously...I'm glad you wrote this down so you can call yourself a moron on your 30th birthday when you have all of the possibilities in the world laid out before you. ..You're too old to play little league baseball. That's about it.
Hey man I got sober at 31 and had a lot of the same thoughts as you. We live in a society that glorifies your teens and early 20s and it's easy to feel obsolete after that time. Looking back now while those times were fun I also see that I'm a much better person now and these are truly the best days of my life. You are not too old for anything. When I was 28 I felt impossibly tired all the time. I blamed my fast paced job combined with what I considered to be a horribly advanced age. Turns out all of that fatigue and a lot of the negative thoughts about myself disappeared after about 6 months of sobriety. Now I have the energy to mountain bike most days go out for music and dancing keep a clean house and just generally live a life with many more moments of true joy than I did in much of my 20s. Quit while you're ahead and seize these years you might find them to be the best of your life.
Imagine yourself at age 60 or 70 and think of how silly this question is going to seem to you then. :) 28 is young and it's never too late to change your life.
Quit at 28 and just picked up a year. I've done more this past year at putting myself on a good path than I thought possible. In another year things will be even better not every day feels like it but with work you'll be amazed how quickly things get better. ..Fuck keeping up with the Jones's and start building something for yourself.
38 here. you are doing great!
I'm about 33 thinking about to start over. So no worries man. Shit happens we got lots to do and a lot of time ahead of us.
I sincerely hope not.  I'm a few months away from 31 and I'm definitely not in the career I want forever and no where close to being the kind of person I want to be the rest of my life.  I mean most people live until their 70s these days so at 28 you hopefully have a solid 40 some years left.  That's A LOT of years.  No it's definitely not too late for you to start over.  I understand your fear though.  Some of my friends went straight to professional schools after undergrad (I decided to "find myself" aka party) and now I get to watch them be doctors and lawyers while I'm so far from that level of "success."  It's easy to compare myself to their accomplishments but that's not fair to me or them.  We are all different and everyone has their struggles.  I think we all do things in our time as long as we are making active steps to get to our goals.  IWNDWYT! 
