-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ysxwf/i_sure_hope_this_gets_easier_thanks_wife/

After 20 odd years of daily drinking the wagon rut runs deep.  DEEP.  The routine is automatic.  Work drink sleep repeat.  Unless it's a weekend then it's less work more drink.  Fridays? Extra celebration. No exceptions.  20 years like this. ..So yesterday after a week of sobriety I'm getting through the day minding my own business enjoying sobriety (feeling kind of proud) then 3 pm hits and WHAM it's like a new person moved into my brain. The sober me was pushed into a tiny corner.  New me was like hey it's Friday.  Time to celebrate a week of sobriety.  Just this once etc.  I barely questioned it no hesitation. To call it a total transformation would be a understatement.  I WANTED TO DRINK and I completely believed there was nothing wrong with it...So I called my wife and said let's meet at the bar for beer and chicken wings.  To my shock she said no what are you talking about I thought you quit.  She said either you're serious about this or not.  It was like she snapped her fingers and woke me up from a dream.  I remembered that I do have a problem.  A big one.  Then sober me grew a little got a little power and then the real struggle began.  The competing voices.  Drink don't drink. Argh...This continued on and off for a few hours. After food and lots of ice cream I finally made it through sober.  But GD it was a struggle...Looking back it terrifies me how quickly I was ready to throw in the towel. Sitting here now I know I must stop and I'm so happy my badge is right.  But for God's sake  I truly hope this gets easier.  Just a bit would be a big relief..
----------immediate responses--------

Early sobriety is often like this for me (and I imagine many of us) as well. Congrats on staying strong!
It gets easier.  The more days I had the stronger I got and the less the cravings got.  I haven't had a strong craving in a month just little fleeting thoughts that I smile at and dismiss.  Everyone's journey is different but one day at a time set me free.  IWNDWYT 
Your wife is awesome!
 *I'm getting through the day minding my own business enjoying sobriety  (feeling kind of proud) then 3 pm hits and WHAM it's like a new person  moved into my brain.* ..Must have been a wrinkle in the universe or something.  Happened to me too yesterday.  I made it through and so did you and we are both a bit stronger for it.  And we are both lucky we have supportive spouses...I'm sure you know about Annie Grace's The Naked Mind her podcasts and 30 day alcohol experiment but if not they have changed my life.  ..And I believe deeply that it gets easier.  
Way to go... It isn't easy for me and I only spent 1.5 years drinking daily so I can only imagine what that's like...I had one of those snaps recently where everything was going along alright then ten minutes later I'm drinking a beer barely thought about it...Congrats on a week. The best tip I would give as far as 'making things easier' is checking out vitamins and supplements for alcohol recovery. You may already know about this but just in case... After trying to quit 6 different times this year these made WDs and cravings much less severe. B complex l glutamine magnesium would be the top 3 but it's worth a little googling if you've got time. 
It gets easier and it gets better. 
That was a very good test for you and you passed. I feel that each one of those tests ( and they are plentiful in those first couple of months) makes me stronger and more resolute in my struggle with alcohol. You made a decision I probably wouldn't have been able to make on my own so early in my journey. I did a 30 day inpatient rehab so I was unable to have any access to alcohol that first month.  So congrats to you on your awesome decision and strength! It does get easier and less frequent. IWNDWYT!
Same here. That wrinkle in the universe yesterday was Friday the 13th (cue scary music). Then again maybe that wrinkle is me having an issue with saying no to the booze.  
