-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ytjl9/our_bodies_are_amazing/

So a while ago I had a physical. This was when I was drinking. My cholesterol was through the roof liver numbers were high blood pressure was through the roof was medicated for anxiety. Oh and I was overweight and drinking heavily. Daily. ..156 sober days later I had another physical with a blood test. Literally EVERYTHING has returned to normal range some even better than normal. Also down 10 pounds. Cholesterol is way down. Blood pressure is perfect liver numbers are awesome. Zero anxiety. ..I'm a different person since sobering up. I'm now the person I fantasized about being when I was drunk. ..If your struggling keep it up. I'm not going to say it gets easier but if you see the benefits it sure helps. I won't be drinking with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

wow in just over 5 months that's amazing - well done and thank you it's a great inspiration.  Did you exercise ?
yes our ability to regenerate is incredible. ..congrats on 5 months and thank you for your post. i am not drinking today with you!
That is so great to hear! Very happy for you. Years of drinking have left me in terrible physical shape. I have something like an arrhythmia with my heart that I think was caused by alcohol so I sometimes almost pass out if I have to do anything strenuous. And I am only 50! I am hoping that I see some improvement eventually as well. Iwndwyt.
Amazing! Keep it up! ..IWNDWYT
So awesome  
after 4 months my cholesterol dropped by 60 points - due to weight loss which was due to drinking succession. amazing the health benefits! 
This is encouraging news! I live a healthy and active lifestyle except for that part where I'm a very heavy drinker... My blood work had been good through my mid 20s but last year I had high blood pressure and cholesterol. Somehow liver was doing okay...I'm feeling loads better already but it'd be great to have those cardiovascular numbers back in the normal range!
I'm at day one (again) and reading this is super inspiring! It's amazing what our bodies can do. Thanks for sharing!
Nice. 
Well done you! Can't wait to get my liver function tests results back only done yesterday though. I feel much better though so hoping for good news!
An encouraging reminder for all of us. These numbers are hard evidence of the benefits 9f abstaining. Excellent.
Congrats to you. *raises a sparkling water*
I had pretty much the same experience as this it's such a relief to have those results in hand and know that even if you've done some permanent damage that at least it isn't manifesting itself in immediate decline to death. The longer we go without the better the whole prognosis is as well. Congratulations on 156 days you'll have cracked that first 6 months soon! :)
I'm only nearly 3 weeks in but today was the first time I felt my skin looked clearer and fresher so exciting to think it can only get better both internally and externally! Congrats on the great results and for 150 days. IWNDWYT.
That's awesome and gives me hope! 
My blood pressure and heart rate went down QUICK.  Still working on losing some lbs those sugar urges are rough but I'm still early on in sobriety.
Wow congrats ! Sounds like your body bounced back ! 
&gt;I am now the person I fantasized about being when I was drunk...Definitely saving this comment for when I'm tempted next. This is worth staying sober.
It truly is amazing. The liver levels get a big focus as they should but those heart friendly dropping levels are amazing. My triglycerides dropped from 650 (yes 650) to 92 in 90 days. Everything else looks great too. Believe it or not I am after two years looking to become a living donor. Giving part of my liver to an amazing person. Got the health time money blood type. Barrage of tests soon but God willing everything is a go.
This is a big part of why I'm hanging in there and not having a sip of alcohol for at least two months. That and I'm sure my mind will become sharper the longer I'm sober. 
Working in a homeless shelter taught me the human body is both incredibly resilient in the face of abuse and at the same time incredibly fragile...Good job.
I'm the person I fantasized about when I was drunk...Wow bro. Strong words! This makes perfect sense .Thank You!!
Congrats.  
That's amazing friend. Can I ask how old you are? I have an upcoming physical and worry about the damage done/if my body will be able to make a comeback 
Currently 28. I was a professional high functioning alcoholic for sure. 
did you deal with any light headed feeling or like sorta fogginess?  i am super light headed and it seems to be related to eating / how long between meals.  it really sucks
Awesome! Were you able to get off your anxiety medication?
This was exactly like me June 2017. Bp and anxiety meds. After 30 days everything was back to normal. Guess who started drinking again because I was now better? Heap another year gone but I am back on the wagon with you guys. Here's to another try. 
I have about the same amount of time sober and though I'm not sure about my liver numbers or cholesterol my blood pressure was extremely high and I was convinced the anxiety was just a part of me.  Sometimes it amazes me how much of the anxiety has left me - it really is truly incredible.  My blood pressure is great nowadays too.  Let's keep it up!
I would always go in and donate plasma for a little extra  free booze money . This is where I realized that alcohol can affect my bodies in more ways than vomiting and headaches. They measure your blood pressure and do a quick test of iron levels and all that jazz. It was always hit and miss when I'd go in to donate after a night of drinking. Sometimes blood pressure would be all over sometimes pulse would be randomly elevated and the funnest one. Sometimes my veins literally couldn't hold up to the donating. Alerts would go off and I'd have to stop part way because the veins just couldn't handle it. Alcohol is a poison and our bodies definitely don't like it. 
"I'm now the person I fantasized about being when I was drunk."..HITS HOME! 
