-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yu2v7/relapsed_last_night_full_of_shame_this_morning/

 I hate myself so much today. I've struggled for so long with alcohol and it just intensifying even though I have the insight to know my triggers and a real desire to live sober. I feel hopeless and don't know how to face today let alone the rest of my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Take it one day at a time. Big hugs.
Right there with you. So sick of failing again and again. 
You slipped off the wagon now just climb on board again. Happens to the best of us keep you head up and good luck. IWNDWYT.
Look at my badge number and you can determine when I felt exactly as you do now...Here's some tips:..Consider last night a valuable lesson...Forgive yourself...Ask to have your badge reset...Try Again...Annie Grace's The Naked Mind her podcasts and William Porter's Alcohol Explained are helping me more that I could ever have imagined. And of course perusing this sub...Good luck to you and carry on.
You've relapsed but you haven't given up. One day or one hour at a time. Whatever you need. You have a lot of people here cheering you on and will always do so. Alcohol is hard to quit and relapsed happen but lots of folks recover so just know that you can and will too. 
Best of luck we are all here in this with you.  I had a reset recently after 50 odd days.  We can do this and IWNDWYT 
The rest of ones life doesn't have to be planned out today or tomorrow for that matter. The only consideration needed is this hour and then the next. The rest of life will unfold in its due time. No need to deal with the monumental task of the rest of ones life in just this instant. IWNDWYT. 
Please be kind to yourself. We fall many times before we learn to ride a bicycle. Very few of us got it on attempt one. See this as a lesson. Don't hate your applaud yourself from trying again rather than throwing the towel in. Alcohol can play havoc on our moods.!A lot of your feelings today are down to exhaustion and the chemical after effects of alcohol. Get sleep and stay hydrated. Tomorrow is another day. At the end of the day we are all only on day one! Iwndwyt 
Nobody beats this on the first try. These aren't fun lessons but try to forgive yourself!
