-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yw5wa/the_longer_im_sober_the_more_miserable_i_get/

It's been almost 11 months since my last drink. I stopped drinking because I was going overboard - it was easier to drink than deal with my wife's mental health struggles. I could be happy and supportive when I was drunk. But I was just frustrated when I was sober. Anxious. Worried. ..Things were good for a bit after I stopped drinking. It was easy. It was my choice. But it's progressively gotten harder...Life is busier. Kid two came along a few months ago. Work is in the sixty hour a week range...I just want to stress to go away. I want the energy to do shit again...I'm tired. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking isn't going to improve your situation! I don't think sobriety is your problem. You need to de-stress. Can you take time off maybe do some self care too...Good luck 
Hope you get to take some time to care for yourself. I am a divorced mom of two and alchohol was my release my reward my way to cope. But alcohol only makes things worse. You have to put your own oxygen mask on before you help those around you. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
I understand...Here's what I know - let's call my present state 'X'.  That includes all the things I experience now - ups down sadness stress work pressures family pressures relationship pressures and on and on.....Here's my certainty:   'X' + Alcohol = Everything Worse.."Worse" includes but is not limited to:  depression increased anxiety less productivity more procrastination harm to relationships irritation to children financial impact emotional drama and more chaos...I CAN choose that......  why would I?  If I'm unhappy with the present state *How Will Making it Worse* be a better choice?..There are proven techniques to address stress proven techniques to increase my energy level proven techniques to enhance my ability to handle kids.....   **None** of those techniques are named "Alcohol"...Whadda ya think?
Didn't know if you saw this just posted - [When I drink](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ywdr3/ughhh/).
[removed]
Now is when you need support. Consider AA. .Getting drunk won't help your energy level it will only deplete you. Focus on your health. Talk to a doctor. 
I see a therapist who helps me deal with my mental health. When you are under so much pressure - two kids long work hours a partner who is struggling too - I think outside help is needed. I tried to get through without help and it just dragged it out longer...What I needed was space. A break. Just a regular planned hour or two to myself. Regular so that I didn't spend the whole time trying to make the best of it. Cheap massages exercise getting outside guided relaxation hot baths. All these small things helped unwind the tension...It does get better. Once my daughter started child care I got my old life back. I wish I knew that when she was a baby and worried less...Take care sobernaut..
For me it is all about nutrition and exercise. Meditation helps too...Good luck! A young family is a lot of work for sure.
I understand. After months of being sober my anxiety kicked in and it has been really stressful. Made me realize that I drink to stave off this pain. It sucks but this can be good news because it turns out anxiety and depression are curable with some work (CBT and some other techniques have helped). It's not as easy as drinking but it's a better way of living.
Have you thought about attending AA? Drinking is seen as a solution not as the problem. It's all the other shit that's the problem. A lot of times when people get sober they feel worse than when they were drinking because they have no way to deal with their stress or difficulties. 
My experience says you are describing being DRY.! Not sober.! Sobriety is something truly great.! It is very hard transitioning from dealing with my stress through drink and learning new ways sober to handle them.! I am used to hiding from FEELINGS.! That is what sobriety has done for me.! I know feel and like the way I feel.! Although I had to learn how to live sobriety.! At first I was just DRy. Now I am sober.! I look for things to do to get active in the fellowship and God.! Check out my YouTube channel chrishopper #soberlife
I am in this boat! At the beginning of getting sober (this time....) I have a massive stem of bad luck with cars and money and now I'm in a terrible state with depression- I have never been depressed before and man it's hard. :-( xx
