-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yykm1/i_want_to_stop/

I've been drinking since I was 12. A lot of things happened in my family that weren't normal but were overlooked. I am 23 now. Over the years my behavior has gotten worse and worse. Mostly it's the decisions I make while I'm drunk. I just don't give a fuck. I realize I have some issues I need to attend to. I write in a journal every day and try to be self aware. I feel like Its not enough though because I crave a drink every day. I get drunk every day. I've lost jobs. Missed work. Lost my glasses. Lost my car keys. Currently haven't been able to see for a week because I had to pay for my car to get fixed. Have to wait for my next pay check until I can do anything. I was seeing this guy but things got way out of hand. I felt like my life was in danger and it was an eye opener. He was cutting his wrist and trying to wipe the blood on me. After fighting I called the cops. I'm still reeling over what happened. Excuse me if I'm not making much sense. In April I overdosed on heroin. I don't use every day. I was visiting my home town and got caught up. Typical relapse using the same amount I left off on. I didn't even shed a tear when I woke up in the ambulance. I lost my shit when that guy was terrorizing me the other night. Its almost like when I put my life in my hands there's no thought involved. I'll stand up for myself when somebody attacks me or threatens me but I put myself in these situations. I get drunk and usually I'm happy. Sometimes I fight for no reason. Get kicked out of places. Say things that are very inappropriate. I just feel like I'm a mess and I want to fix it. I go to work usually every day. I work hard. I give it my all. As soon as I get home though I'm cracking open whatever I can get my hands on and I'm not stopping until I pass out or I'm waking up in a haze having no clue what happened. I can't Say how many times I've woken up in strange places with strange people with no recollection as to what happened. I didn't drink today. I can't stop thinking. I want better. I feel so weak. Its been a shit show but a helluva ride. You would think after a while a person would get tired living such a way. I almost glorify it but I know deep down I hate it. I'm embarrassed ashamed and disappointed in myself for letting it get this far. I don't know why I chose to vent here but maybe it'll help. Maybe I won't drink tomorrow either. Thank you to whoever takes the time to read this. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been exactly in your place. Waking up wondering not just what happened but what day it is and where I was. ..I check in here every day for support. I also joined AA and did outpatient rehab. I needed them and still need today and solid support system of sober people. ..My life is so much more full today than it was 609 days ago. Recovery is possible. We're proof. 
Please get help. You're not as bad as you're making yourself out to be.
I believe in you too.  There are people here who have and are turning our lives around one day at a time.  You can too.  Trust!  I won't be drinking with you today 
