-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8z4pns/has_anyone_not_relapsed_on_a_first_attempt/

First of all no intention at all to make anyone feel bad or to judge sincere apologies if this post inadvertently does that...I feel like this is going too well for me so far I'm waiting for the day to come where I give in at the moment there is no temptation and I feel strong in my sobriety. I'm scared though it seems that inevitably there will be hard times and set backs that most if not all people have to make repeated attempts to quit...I know we can't truly say we've made it sober realistically until we die - having never drunk again. But does anyone feel like they've made it that their first attempt has stuck?..If not when did the 'honeymoon' period stop for you? What should I be on the lookout for?
----------immediate responses--------

One big difference in the time I went a year and went back to drinking and this time where I have 22 months is having SD. I didn't have that before.
Yes I've failed a few serious attempts my longest one being 2 months. None of my attempts have been as serious and genuine as this one though which is going to be the key to my success with it. 
Kudos for 163 days!..I have not had a drink in quite a "few days". A therapist nudged me into rehab thirty-some years ago and I have been sober ever since. ..It's a good sign to be scared. I was too. Therefore I did everything recommended to protect my sobriety. No alcohol at home no bars and no events where drinking was the main activity. I didn't hang with anyone who abused alcohol. AA meetings a sponsor and therapy gave me the tools needed to build a sober happy life. ..Do I think I've "made it"? So far I have! No matter what happens alcohol is never an option. Never. ..I believe alcoholism is a chronic disease that goes into remission but is never cured. I am grateful for my sobriety and for all the people who helped me along the way. ..Vigilance and having a strong support system is important. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. 
Drank alcoholically for 30 years.  Came into AA followed directions and haven't had to drink or drug in the 14 years since.
I drank again at a little over five months. Friday would have been my six month anniversary if I hadn't drank - I was pretty forlorn as I watched people get their 6 month coins at a meeting this weekend and I'm still chugging along to my 30 day coin. ..I fell into the trap of thinking I could moderate - that it had been long enough and I was fine. I didn't go overboard when I did drank and I only went back for two days but the emotional and physical unwell I felt was jarring. ..Looking back I can tell that I started to let my guard down. I stopped checking SD as much. I stopped paying attention to my day count. I wasn't making an effort to connect with my IRL sober friends. Now that I've relapsed even for a couple of days I've renewed my commitment to sobriety and am actively trying to engage in my recovery on a daily basis. Hoping that that will be enough and I got this one day at a time!
I certainly don't feel like I've made it but I don't plan to relapse. I don't want to. I can still feel it like a cold specter breathing behind me and I *really* don't want to go back. ..It's scary and exhilarating like my bones know I just have to feel things...forever. ;-) But I'm so grateful to have the chance. Life is magical. Life is simple--I have no choice but to heal myself as much as possible no matter what it takes. Sometimes it is painful or difficult but I'm very unconflicted on the level of what the point of all this is and it's a good quiet feeling to have. 
I've heard lots of relapse stories around the 1st or 2nd year mark in AA and NA.  Our minds can trick us into thinking that we've figured out sobriety and can drink sociably.  Some people get triggered when life is really great others when life gets really bad.  I had really bad triggers when experiencing discontinue withdrawal from an antidepressant because it felt like I had a massive hangover for 2 weeks.  I usually drank to get rid of hangovers...I'm at 1 year and so far so good.  That fact that relapse is constantly discussed at AA and NA meetings helps me a lot.  Some people that relapse end up in the ER because their brain and body has a disconnect between old tolerance and current tolerance.
I relapsed after 8 years with no support or program. This time around I'm in year 11 without a relapse in AA. 
I guess it depends on what you call an attempt. I had a lot of half-assed attempts before I got serious. 
My first "attempt" ended after 90 days but I didn't go into that one thinking I would never drink again. I just stopped for a while whatever that meant. 
I had a good year during which I would tell myself i was drinking too much stop for a day then congratulate myself for being able to stop by having a beer. When i finally got sick of that i went to AA got a sponsor worked the steps and have been sober ever since. The way i see it I'm relapse free since making the decision that i would get sober no matter what it took. 
I did two years and then got more and more annoyed with the god talk in AA. Now I can see I got too hung up on that one issue and should have just ignored it or found a way around it. Back in AA now but it took a while. As someone said the other day if you don't leave you won't have to worry about getting back in!
I'm 32 and this is my first attempt. I don't feel like I've made it. When I do start feeling like that I get anxious and I visit here. I'm about as terrified of falling off the wagon as I am of relapsing with my bipolar (fucking shitscared terrified). It's important for me to stay vigilant and not get comfortable that I'm no longer an alcoholic. I'm in recovery yes but I have to stay mindful with my sparkling waters tea sober concerts movies quiet nights in etc. I am to the point where my sober app asking me to pledge is annoying and I forget to pledge but I never forget to not drink. 
This is my first time quitting and have and am sure will continue to be successful. I think mine is the reason I quit and the drives I had for drinking. I had a purely physical addiction and didn't drink because of stress etc. I was unhappy because I felt bad and I had to quit because it was causing me to get really ill. Anytime I even think of drinking I remember that even though I have a long road to physically heal I feel so much better. Plus whenever I go out it is no big deal for me to drink a NA beer. I like the social aspect of having a beer in my hand when I'm at a party. Plus they taste good. After 6 months I don't really miss getting buzzed anymore.
Only been sober for 3 weeks. I tried to quit before and figured it probably wasnt hurting me to quit. Now I take it more seriously and am commited now. 
I relapsed a thousand times before I went to AA.  The steps and fellowship of AA are sufficient for my sobriety today.
This is my third Attempt- it feels very different tho xxx
