-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zbhtd/i_relapsed_last_night_and_i_desperately_need_help/

I get extreme anxiety after drinking and that's what lead me to realize i had a problem. I'm having huge panic attack. They basically last all day...I have had very very bad anxiety for several years. I found a that Zoloft helps me TREMENDOUSLY. It has helped so much that I actually started to feel  normal  again after years of going through hell. ..I have done fantastically well recently and even got off my quite benzos easily. ..Can anyone help?..How can I focus on sobriety going forward?..I got sober and cut out the alcohol but I never really changed my lifestyle so I've spent the last year anxious and depressed. ..Do you have any lessons or tips for staying on the path?
----------immediate responses--------

First off I'm glad you're here. For me it was breaking down my ego and asking for help from others that led me to true lasting sobriety. 7.5 months sober today no desire to drink 95% of the time. Which is amaze balls to me because I was a compulsive drinker. ..I can't give you an exact set of steps it took me to embrace and keep my sobriety. It's a mystery to me right now because up to me alone I'd drink. History tells me that. Failed attempts to quit drinking all on my own tell me that. ..What's helped me: .-sober friends &amp; the fellowship of aa.-desperation to stop recognizing I was not in control of my drinking .-working the steps of aa .-rebuilding my relationship with my higher power. .-letting go of a lot of anger realizing that resentments led me to drink in the past ..It's not maybe new advice but these things have helped me. One day at a time I'm building a better life for myself. Take it one day at a time and don't think you can do this alone. IWNDWYT 
Thanks so much... how is aa? That's one thing several people and my doctor encouraged. I'm not necessarily  scared  to go but the whole group dynamic is scary I guess. 
Hey I dont know if there is the perfect information (hints or tips) out there for changing your life.  I know for me I had enough.  I didn't want to feel like shit anymore.  I drank for years and caused myself to have pretty bad health.  I used the panic attacks anxiety scary withdrawals to help me stay away from alcohol.  I never wanted to experience those feelings again.  I can still get panic attacks or anxiety but they don't even compare to hangover attacks.  The advice I give most people is to start slow.  Concentrate on yourself more than anything.  After a few weeks it took a few months for me start to introduce some positive things to your life.  Exercise better diet healthy social interactions whatever you like but it needs to be productive.  Life is just plan fucking hard but when you start to develop good routines it becomes easier more enjoyable.  Discipline is something that is learned with time and it can take a good amount of time.  So don't give up when you are frustrated or pissed or sad.  Use the bad feelings to learn about yourself learn what you can overcome and continue to love yourself.
I was told early on don't drink go to meetings(AA) work the steps and change your whole fucking life. You have indicated that your lifestyle has not changed. As they say if nothing changes nothing will change. It appears that you need to start to making changes in your life or the same pattern will result will occur.
