-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zfpiv/well_first_post_here/

30 y/o guy been drinking heavily (12-18-24 beers about everyday) for years before booze it was drugs (whatever I could buy I would do it) (stopped everything in that department thanks God)...Here I am struggling to quit drinking after quitting all the other bad shit (cigs excluded) in my life. When they say booze is more addictive than cocaine it's true. It's also more addictive than meth or whatever it was in those pills back then...Managed to stop for maybe 3 days in a row in the past month and another time it was 5 days I think (then friday happened and I thought just a crate then saturday there was 1 left from friday so... I had to buy another crate rince repeat and I end up drinking the whole week)..Everything is fine as long as I am working. Everything is fine on the way home too. Then I enter my room and the cravings hit. Hard. That's when I go back to the store (or wait until someone leaves the house and ask them if they can bring me back something) grab a crate then down it alone in my room. "Relaxing from a hard day's work". "I bust my ass so hard there I deserve it." ..(I suspect I am part of the 'highly functional alcoholics' or whatever it is since hangover or not I perform better than 90% of my peers at job)..As I am typing this my dad (God bless him really great man stopped drinking when I was like 4 because he didn't want to be a drunk dad wasn't really alcoholic but being around his kids drunk even once every 2 weeks became too much for him) asks me if I need anything at the store. As much as he is a great man I don't think he sees the struggling. Or maybe he does but he knows of my past might have decided it's better if I am drinking booze at home rather than partying hard outside and ending locked up for the night / 2 months somewhere else. ..I now got a job I love (and that pays enough to pay the rent pay the food buy cigs and as much booze as I want...) and so far he has seen me drinking every night for a long time so maybe he just wants to save me the trouble from going to the store myself since he's already going out. I got no idea really the more I think about it the more it must be shitty for him to see me in this state...Can't remember where I was going with this story just that I told him "nope I don't need anything". And now I feel like calling his cellphone and tell him bring back a crate. But I won't do it...I won't drink today. ..And tomorrow... well tomorrow is tomorrow but I hope tomorrow I will also say the same thing....P.S. : While my english is functional it is not my mothertongue so sorry if some sentences sound weird. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'll join you in not drinking today. You've come to a great place to share your story and new journey! :) ..Today is today and tomorrow is tomorrow. Let's kick some butt.
Welcome. This is a good place and I learned a lot here and it has been the difference for me in not drinking.
This is a good place here. Every time I feel like drinking I make myself come here and read thru several posts and if I still want to get drunk after that then I will. But I never do. If you quit drugs I have no doubt you can quit booze too!
[removed]
I'll join you today.  And tomorrow.  ..Know what you mean about your father.. mine I do not believe ever perceived my struggles or he would have said something.  I have hid it from him very intentionally.  Plan would be to discuss with him after I'm way past this shit.  
I was a huge Beer drinker too.  In hindsight it doesn't make sense.  18 beers?  Why not just drink harder stuff?  For me though the hard stuff would put me to sleep way quicker like in middle of the day.  Pass out from beer was usually at end of the day.  I want no part of either at this point. 
Take care. IWNDWYT!!
Good luck. Sounds like you have a lot of good tools in place- supportive family good job... and now you have us! I won't be drinking with you today!
Welcome! You can do this. This group has been a great support for me and I'm sure it will be for you too. 
So glad u are here!  Iwndwyt.  Will pray 4 u
Instead of my father it's very similar to my mother although she stopped getting me alcohol after a while when she realized how problematic it was becoming WELL before I did.   Very similar situation with her giving up alcohol because my grandfather was a drunk and several of my uncles struggle...Don't be afraid to fail that pressure might actually be more detrimental than good.  Realize that when you do fully stop though you can get a horrible withdrawal that could actually danger your health so it's good to speak to your physician and possibly a couple addictions counselors but hey you might not need anything at all.  The wagon ride is very bumpy but very rewarding.. if you fall off the wagon it can hurt a lot but getting back on each time seemed to give me a sense of being stronger.  I struggled to "Try" and half assedly quit alcohol for about 5 years. I've been sober now since april 4th 2017  this is a great place to come to share stories if you don't think that a real life group setting would help with.  ..I won't drink with you today and I won't drink with you tomorrow friend.  
.&gt;Then I enter my room and the cravings hit. Hard. That's when I go back to the store (or wait until someone leaves the house and ask them if they can bring me back something) grab a crate then down it alone in my room. "Relaxing from a hard day's work". "I bust my ass so hard there I deserve it." ..
