-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zl1k4/back_after_a_hard_relapse/

I am so depressed and disgusted with myself. I have been using alcohol to cope with stress and that HAS to stop. I have called out of work today am in bed sweating running to the bathroom and am just full of self loathing. ..Once I feel better I will get to a meeting and do what I need to to stay sober. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! Going to a meeting is a great idea.  You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
Keep checking in. We are all rooting for you.  
We are in this together!.IWNDWYT!
Dust yourself off and jump back on that saddle. Don't give up!
ugh totally been there. it's been my experience though that while it's not easy to get back started after 2-3 days the mental fog will be gone and you're basically right back on the sobriety wagon. I hate the sweats tho I get them too after hard benders. Get better soon and IWDWYT! 
You can do it. Climb back on thebwagon.
Welcome back friend. Be kind to yourself. This is a real addiction. It has many facets and is a tough battle. You can do this!
If are you prone for DTs? I'd so go the the we for a detox. It's like. 2 day program. I literally turn myself in last night and I am still here. Any hospital bill with worth your life 
I know its hard but try to set the self loathing aside. My last relapse I was very depressed for about 5 days before my brain chemistry reset...Once I was sober I had a friend come hang out with me for much of the weekend. I didn't want to but she made me go to the mall and walk around and go see a movie. I think that helped make the time go by faster...I know its hard but try to think positive. It sounds stupid but positive thoughts bread positive feelings...These things helped me YMMV..IWNDWYT!
I run through the 4 D's Of Sobriety if I feel wiggly! 1. DELAY. Cravings will come &amp; go but they will not stay! 2. DISTRACT. Take walk eat go to a meeting drink a glass of water. 3. DEEP BREATHING. Will help you de-stress &amp; help you remain calm and purposeful. 4. DE- CATASTROPHIZE. Cravings can be panicky for me but I just don't run with that craziness. DECIDE &amp; say out loud  This is just a craving &amp; I will not act on it. I don't drink no matter what!  I wish you good luck &amp; take care.
So glad you're back! We're all on this journey together. IWNDWYT
I've never heard of the 4 D's but that's so helpful.
Welcome back! I was right where you are now last week except I called in 2 days in a row  don't beat yourself up about it the damage has been done all you can do is move forward  you've got this! IWNDWYT!
I stand with you my friend. You will not be alone on your journey. IWNDWYT 
