-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zmuz4/depression_after_a_year_sober/

Anyone else out there struggling with depression and anxiety a year or so after they quit drinking? I know drinking won't help either of those but I do miss the temporary escape.  Temporary  is the key word here because the poison makes depression and anxiety worse in the long run. Having trouble sleeping lately and it's only exacerbating the problem. ..Anyway won't drink today. Just curious if anyone has any tips or tricks to help ease the 1-2 punch of depression and anxiety. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have clinical depression. It often accompanies alcoholism. Seeing a psychiatrist and being appropriately treated helps me stay sober. 
Has this been ongoing or recent? I experienced an episode of PAWS around my one-year mark. Same symptoms. Fortunately it passed. I must exercise and meditate daily (20 minutes) in order to maintain my mental health.
Meditation. Check out the app Smiling Mind
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Anxiety and depression ruled my life the first year. I guess some people are lucky. They quit drinking and their mental health is back to normal. ..The two most important things I've learned are being able to identify my cognitive distortions through CBT and meditation. I write first and then meditate. ..I find if I'm ever feeling off it's because I'm not doing those two things. Hope it helps!
You can't really know if you actually have depression or anxiety until you're sober... so now you know! It may be disappointing (I have it as well); but it's very treatable. ..Many people dread the idea of taking medication every day but for me it beats self-medicating with alcohol or other substances that are harmful to my health...I see a psychiatrist and take medication to control my symptoms. It's something I've come to accept: I have a chemical imbalance. It's not much different from having diabetes. It's often hard to get yourself help when you're in the cloud of depression and gripped by anxiety. But Be strong and take care of yourself. You've already given yourself a beautiful gift: a year sober!..Just because giving up the drink didn't solve a problem doesn't mean it's unsolvable! Continue on you journey and be strong!..IWNDWYT 
I also suffer from depression. If you try medication remember that different things work for different people. It is very frustrating but I had to try several different prescriptions over the years. Some of them made me feel awful. Some worked OK but had bad side effects. Currently I am doing well on a low dose of modafinil which is actually an off label use of it that I happened to come across by accident (physician prescribed a small amount for shift-work disorder and I noticed it helping my mood and my therapist was willing to go along with it.) Just be patient. I would like eventually to be drug free but I think I need to get further into my recovery first. Things like weightlifting can help raise levels of some neurotransmitters which help alleviate depression. 
Yo.  Depression has many causes and many manifestations.   I'd be really cautious about taking medical advice from anyone or anything on the internet. ..My personal experience  I've had depression since i was a little child.  I've finally figured out exactly what type i have.  It's called bipolar depression and it's different from regular depression and bipolar disorder. ..I'm currently on busiprone and Zoloft.   I've cut my Zoloft down because it has severe side effects for me.  I still take it because one of the side effects of depression is suicide. ..I stopped taking my busiprone because i ran out of it and need to schedule an appointment with my physician.   Something like that... making an appointment  is nearly impossible when I'm swallowed up by depression.   ..So yeah.   There's a lot of people on this sub who post shit like "quit drinking for three weeks and my depression is cured!"  Yeah good for you.  But in my opinion  it's a lot of bullshit. ..There's also a commonly held axiom on sd that alcohol use causes depression because alcohol is a depressant.   This is also utter fucking bullshit  in my opinion.   Alcohol is a neurological depressant and that is completely different from medical depression. ..My belief is that depression can be a cause of alcoholism. ..  that's a whole different concept  from alcohol use causes depression. ..Anyways  I'd recommend talking to an md and getting a therapist.   But there's a lot of shitty therapists out there so beware of that.
I would recommend discussing this with a medical professional. They will be able to give you some options. Bad sleep can be so detrimental. 
I'm with you!  Only at 6 months but very depressed and anxious.  I don't have any advice right now except to check in and say you're not alone!
Talk to your doctor. Mine gave me a bunch of resources and options. I don't do well with therapy maybe because I'm an asshole(?) I don't know but I do think my Prozac has helped. I cut back on drinking when I started and now am alcohol free. It's not like all roses sunshine and unicorns but I am not frozen in unmaneagable anger and frustration (the way my depression manifested) Primary care doctors are good at this stuff.
