-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zpa78/what_gets_you_through_cravings/

Going through a really tough time right now. These cravings are hard to deal with I feel like I'm going crazy. ..When I get cravings I start breathing heavier get easily agitated feel angry that I can't drink (often because I don't have money) I feel suicidal (lost between despair of relapsing and having to deal with feeling of the craving itself. I often don't think I can live with this all the time).  ..Often times I'll pace around my room looking for options opportunities carefully thinking of a plan pro-con the situation. ..It's terrible. At this point I just have to sit it out. It ruins my day and I don't know if I'm capable of doing this whole process for the rest of my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

I play the tape forward - what will inevitably happen if I drink? I know for me I can't limit myself successfully to one or two and it will lead to inevitable disaster whether that unfolds tonight or in a year. 
Talking with somebody else preferably another alcoholic is the most effective option I've tried...Sometimes little minor cravings I can overcome with a walk outside to clear my head (practicing mindfulness meditation while walking has been a great help in reducing my stress and anxiety in general) sometimes I can snack on something sweet and the physical craving fades. ..But there has been nothing so effective for me as a direct conversation with somebody else who has been in my shoes.
The most powerful antidote I've found is talking to a sober support person going to a recovery meeting or listening to a recovery podcast ...Hang in there!
Playing the tape forward and realizing that 1 beer would lead to 6 12 18 followed by hangover and guilt. That gets me thru it.... every time I mow the lawn.
What works for me is one or a combination of these:..A walk (even a quick 5 minute one)..Push-ups or sit-ups or planks (again even just a couple of them or a plank for 30 seconds)..Listening to a Naked Mind podcast episode. When I'm having a really bad craving I don't select an episode based on the title or topic I just scroll and click randomly.  Somehow it always seems to be something I needed to hear in that moment...So that's what works so far for me. I know you'll find the things that work for you.  :) 
I make sure I'm stuffed with food and water. For me at least I think my brain confuses hunger and thirst with wanting alcohol. Sugary foods/drinks help too as their was a lot of sugar coming in with the alcohol.
Meditation
