-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zr32q/one_year_and_counting/

This has been a sobering year. Today marks an odd milestone for me and one that I was not sure that I would ever accomplish. Pardon the essay that follows but it is important for me to share. For the majority of my adult life barring a few months here and there I have been a very heavy drinker. I struggled to use the word alcoholic but the term sure did fit. My habit didn't start casually. I used alcohol to mask my feelings and avoid reality. I was never comfortable being me and greatly appreciated the haze that alcohol would afford me in getting through the travails of the day-to-day. It was all very selfish of me as I hurt and alienated many people along the way; some being dear friends and family and others who were strangers. My words and actions were reprehensible or so I have been told. Usually I had no memory of what I had said or done and always dreaded the calls and texts letting me know what I had said or did. There was so much guilt and shame tied to my drinking. I embarrassed myself and those around me on more occasions than I will ever know. And while I have sought to repair many of the relationships that I damaged through the years I know that I cannot truly change them. Yes I can make them better and in many instances I have. I am grateful for the opportunities that the world has given me to make myself a better person and the peace of mind that comes with sobriety. Being present in each and every moment is a truly beautiful thing. Waking with a clear head each day is amazing. Growing confidence and comfort with myself and my contributions to the world is affirming. Acknowledging my shortcomings without self-deprecation is a reward and inspires me to reach new potentials. I am facing life with as honest an approach as I possibly can..I don't write this seeking accolades but for ownership. I don't subscribe to the steps of AA. No offense to those who do as they've worked wonders for hundreds of thousands. I just want to acknowledge that these past 365 days without alcohol have allowed me to grow as a person in ways that I never thought possible both mentally and physically. .The world is a scary place. How we manage to navigate it is beyond me yet here we are. We all struggle; we each have demons. I hope that we can collectively release them without fear of being marginalized or chastised. We can be stronger by acknowledging our weaknesses. It is an arduous process but I truly believe that we are here to pick each other up. .I know that I would have not been able to accomplish this without my friends and family especially my husband. I put him through hell yet he stood by me when he didn't have to. We are growing something quite extraordinary together and the future doesn't look so scary anymore..Thanks for reading and be well.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done you are an inspiration!    
The guilt and shame crippled me. Waking up with a clear head everyday is a gift. Congratulations on making it a year. 
I relate deeply.   Much-deserved congratulations on your first year!  
What a beautiful moving post.  Congratulations on your 365th day of existing in this remarkable state.  You did this.    **iwndwyt**
This is beautiful!! Congrats on a year! 
Well done and nice post!
This was really beautiful. Thank you for sharing and congratulations! 
