-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zsvud/day_1_i_have_been_surrounded_by_alcoholics_my/

I'm crying as I write this. I just don't want to hurt my grandma who already has two alcoholic sons a daughter with Down Syndrome and with the rest of the family tree making fun of us from a distance because it looks like I have become one too. I feel trapped 'in the hood' but I can't die like this. I am 28. I had almost a year sober when I relapsed in April. I just got bored with AA stressed out with work felt lonely too. Weed and wine seemed pretty friendly to me as Winter became Spring. ..I was able to stop drinking but still smoked pot since. I cut the pot down to just vaping it with a pen (cleaner but still a narcotic). Last week I drank 9 bottles of wine and when I decided to quit I felt like I going to die. I was hearing sounds and seeing things feeling my heart beat extremely fast and my brain pulsing at times. It was very scary. I have been sipping 2 bottles of wine over the last 3 days to 'ween myself off'. I'm done after that. I just don't want to anymore. It's not even fun anymore. ..I need help. I need a hug. I need a friend. I need a place to go to talk and ask for help. I hope I can find that here and in AA. I'm going to go to different meetings that I have never been to and ask for help instead of share advice or stories. I need help. ..:/
----------immediate responses--------

you did it before you can do it again... that's what I'm telling myself too..careful with those withdrawals - got medical help?
Hey. Well done for taking the first step. I'm just starting day 2 after a twenty year almost daily drinking habit. The past few days have been scary and all too real. I've been on here just reading all the posts and it's giving me some hope that I won't always feel so ashamed guilt-ridden and useless. Sending you all of the good vibes and hugs. I will not drink with you today 
September 1 makes six years for me. I decided to stop after cheating on my wife because I realized that it was having an effect on my decision-making. not to mention the fact that I fell asleep drunk at the wheel two blocks away from home and within five seconds was swerving towards the concrete median raised up to its highest point from the road by about 3 feet. After falling asleep for about 5 to 7 seconds I open my eyes and was scared sober! I had to maneuver around the concrete median going about 65 miles an hour two blocks from home. The fact that I could have really hurt myself or someone else and left my son without father was enough. Haven't had a drink since. It sounds like you have a lot of reasons to not drink don't let a situation like mine become the one that makes you realize you shouldn't drink.
Good vibes and energy coming your way.  This sub has helped me so much I belive it can do that same for you.  Keep coming here and reading and sharing and going to AA.  You got this.  
Hey fellow Sobernaut you have hugs and friends here.  Good job on changing your life to the positive.
Welcome back and many thanks for helping me be sober today. SD is what keeps me sober and your post is brilliant in keeping me motivated to grow in sobriety. Keep going and lots of love to help you on your fantastic recovery
It will get better just give it time! I recently relapsed and experienced most of the effects you described and day 0 was the hardest day of recent times. I was an utter wreck my brother saw me liked that(he helped me taper off) and now checks in on me to make sure I'm good. I too come from alcoholic families on both sides father's and mother's and not only do they drink in excess but surround themselves with people who drink in excess. It can be quite toxic I would encourage you to consider changing up your environment if you can so that you're around healthier people. I know you can do it though so don't give up on yourself. I will not drink with you today!
Sending you thoughts of healing and strength. You can do this!  
Sounds like a good plan.  It gets better day by day.
