-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/903q5h/how_do_you_all_bear_with_this_responsibility/

I stopped drinking for about half a year and then had a relapse but now i stopped again for 2 weeks. I also smoke and now I'm thinking about stopping that too. ..But everything in my body wants to stay a young irresponsible person. And this leads to a stupid stupid question but here we go:..How do you guys tell yourselves that you are still young and carefree? ...Thank you and I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

I usually tell myself I'm too old for this shit and to grow the fuck up followed by how disappointed my grandparents would be with my lack of maturity... ;)
Sorry about the relapse! Still 6 months is excellent. I find that I really don't want to be young and irresponsible anymore! I actually want to learn to enjoy myself free from alcohol. Being drunk just is no longer any fun. 
I am more carefree sober than I ever was when I was drinking.  I am responsible for my actions and attitudes and nothing else.  
While drinking I never FELT young. Always sick and exhausted. And carefree? Being burdened with hangovers guilt and the shame of addiction carries every weight in the world. I found true freedom when I learned to let go of alcohol because suddenly I owned my whole life. I wish I could turn back the clock and start sooner. I would actually have FEWER problems. 
I lived life in "party mode" for years and years. I watched people around me establish careers and families. Meanwhile I was waking up hungover on a Tuesday barely able to function. It just got old.  My alcoholism caused so much misery and anxiety in my life. Sobriety feels amazing. It is cozy comfortable and stable.
I feel much more young and carefree now too. I don't have to scheme to have enough money for a drink (now I have savings). I don't have to worry about missed deadlines and other fuck-ups - everything is taken care of. Physically I feel great too. I was like the stereotypical old person when I was drinking daily. Back then every day was the same and I was really grumpy. Now I'm actually trying new things out and having fun.
