-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90cl02/i_finally_stopping_setting_rules_for_when_ill/

It's been a rough year. In Jan I quit my new job that I moved across country for after only 8 months. It was stressing me out to the point where I was drinking most nights of the week. I told myself I would take a month off to relax before looking for a new job but I bet most of you can guess how that went. .. For 5 months pretty much all I managed to do was watch reruns of favorite TV shows eat fast food and drink beer and wine. I didn't drink every day but all in all it was the majority of days. I would keep making rules for myself in an attempt to drink less:.-No more drinking by myself  -  failed.-Every 2nd weekend?  -  failed.-Drink every other day  -  failed.-Only on the weekends?  -  failed.-Just a couple drinks and only in the evenings  -  failed.. You get the idea..the longest I made it using any of these self imposed rules was about a week and only with chronic pot use... Over the past couple months I managed to acquire and promptly quit 2 decent jobs. .. I've been lurking in this sub for a while now reading successes and failures of others in this struggle and one thing that kept coming up is how some of us simply cannot handle moderation. Up until recently I had this delusional thought that despite identifying as an alcoholic at some point I would be able smarten up and drink like a normal person... Well I finally managed to shift my inner monologue and utter a thought that I have honestly never uttered before: "I don't want to drink anymore"  *CLICK*   it was like I flipped a switch or something. Immediately it felt like a weight was lifted off my back. "I don't want to drink...I no longer enjoy alcohol..I am done with booze" I kept repeating similar phrases in my head and it felt fucking gooood. .. Booze didn't even do for me what it used to do for me. It made me tired and dumb and physically hurt my guts. My hangovers were getting worse and worse as the months went on and I found myself wanting to drink as soon as I woke up hung over some of those days. I could easily say that 8 out of the 10 stupidest things I have ever done in my life had happened when I was under the influence of alcohol. ..I could go on and on but what I am trying to say is that it has felt different ever since the moment I decided I no longer want to drink alcohol as appose to my usual decision to simply postpone drinking alcohol. You guys were right! .. Today I went out to get some ice cream I was cut off and became irritated multiple times. On the way home I was rear ended in rush hour traffic and had to pull over to swap info and take pictures. The guy didn't even effing apologize and it almost felt like a test. Somehow I can confidently say:  IWNDWYT! :D  .. Goodluck gang.
----------immediate responses--------

Right on. Life got so much easier for me once I realized that the first drink is the only one I have to avoid. ..I'm glad you're here with us! Check in here as often as you need to. I know it's helpful for me. 
That's great ..way to go. All that stress of trying to make and then have to break rules is gone...You sound much more at peace now. IWNDWYT
Same here I hear you load and clear.  I think even as I set my bullshit rules I must have known I would not/ could not live with them.  And so finally came the day... I was searching found this site ... jumped on the chat was advised to pour most last precious ounces of whisky down the drain and that was my start my first day 30 days ago I suppose. ..... I'm a regular on SD  this is my sole support network it works for me! 
