-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90emwn/i_miss_this_sub/

My badge is wrong I've been drinking pretty steadily since my last relapse which was February. .I'm a binger rather than  a daily drinker I've a few 'bad' nights since February but nothing as terrible as what made me reassess my drinking in the first place. I've even moderated a couple of times and lulled myself into thinking that I was fine. Last weekend I drank a bottle of wine and finished a small amount of gin that was left over alone in my room. Luckily I didn't do anything too embarrassing but I'm scared of what will happen if I keep this up and I miss the peace and comfort of being able to post here. I'm aiming for a sober weekend. No plans so I'm going to hang around here and tidy and take the dog out and enjoy feeling what I'm feeling rather than boozing. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back :) I hope you have a lovely sober weekend - I love how much I get done around the house at weekends when I'm not drinking and/or hungover - it's like the weekend is twice as long!
Start where you are and go from there. Life is better on the sober side :) IWNDWYT
Good you reached out. Sharing is key. Good luck. Take it a day or even hour at a time. Check back here. 
I was a binge drinker too. I was able to white knuckle and moderate when needed and sometimes go long periods without a binge. But no matter what a binge would happen eventually. ..The binges were only one night at a time but the effects were devastating. Risky behavior big time embarrassments hangovers that made me feel like I was dying etc. ..Coming to understand that moderation just isn't an option for me was huge. I've met people who were able to moderate for the better part of a year at times but the binge would always happen. It's wasn't worth it. 
Congrats on coming back I think it shows massive courage. Stay strong! Keep coming back!  Peace
Binge drinker too. I keep thinking I can moderate. I can't. So I'm back again. I would have had 212 days if I had stuck with it. But a friend died I had a falling out with and I never got to make things right with her. Then I got in a huge fight with my everyday best friend. She won't talk to me and she was my rock. It's been a shitty year but I am going to get sober again. Drinking isn't helping at all. Good luck. I know we can do it!
I believe in beginnings.Like when I was  a child learning to walkI fell down a few times.I kept trying.I learned to walk.I will not drink with you today if you so choose.
A nice relaxing weekend might be just what you need I think the term "meditation" gets misconstrued a lot but simply being on the couch and reflecting can be meditative and restoring to our minds. I hope you find the peace you're looking for this weekend - I will not drink with you today!
Can you go to an AA meeting? Is there are any in your area it might help you to get through the weekend. Go to one each day if you are able to. It's not about what the people there might say to you or what you might hear being discussed. It's about being somewhere that sober people are congregating. It'll put some accountability into your day knowing that you should show up to the meeting sober. You'll probably leave that way too. It's an alternative to sitting at home alone. I know that quite a few of my stories started with "I was alone at the place and I just couldn't shake this feeling that I was missing something so I got bored and went to the liquor store..." or "I was home alone so I went to this place where people may or may not be drinking and that totally set myself up to rationalize myself into drinking the first one knowing full well where it would lead because my mind is constantly trying to kill me and I don't know how to counter that.".I've been doing meetings for 12 yrs. I average about 2 per week. I also talk to someone in recovery alcoholic or addict almost every day. There are a few other things I do on a daily basis to keep sober but those are important to me. It doesn't take long. 1/2 hr to have a phone call. A couple of hrs a week for meetings. Far less time than it took me to stay roasted all weekend at a much lower price in time money and self respect.
