-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90fnny/i_deleted_all_my_dating_app_accounts/

The constant dopamine rush of left and right swipes hollow conversations and let downs was setting up for a relapse. ..I'll not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice! I am not on any either. Too stressful. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
Good for you. I have mever had one and thanks God for that.
Doesn't seem like too bad of an idea. I've taken breaks from them now and then. Part of me wishes I could/should/would delete them for good.
Good on you for the vision to do what you need to do to stay sober one day at a time!  I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Very wise. I replaced drinking in the early months with an unhealthy obsession with dating facilitated by constant use of the apps. It wasn't unusual for me to be talking with five or six women at the same time and to go on three dates a week. In part my frenetic interest in dating was due to feeling healthy and happy on account of being sober. But if I'm being honest it was what you described: the constant dopamine rush. ..Most AA sponsors will recommend you refrain from dating for at least a year after you get sober. I scoffed at this at first but I've come to realize its wisdom. Learning to love oneself and understanding that you don't need a partner's affection to feel complete are crucial lessons. The closest I've come to despair in the last 13 months is when a romantic liaison abruptly ended...There'll be time to date. And it'll be so so much better once you know yourself a little. Good luck.
[removed]
I did the exact same thing last night. ..Been on more drink dates than I can count and I just don't care anymore...Staying sober today too.
I just deleted mine too! And yup for all the same reasons. Ugh the stories I could tell... 
Interesting point and observation.
Those things are designed to light up your brain in ways that stimulate you if you ever want an extreme example of that just download mobile game with micro-purchases. If you feel it's unhealthy for you you know best. Listen to that gut instinct. I will not drink with you today!
Taking a break too. The constant ghosting crushed my self esteem. Now I'm sober I'm just working on me for now.
Dating app induced relapse? Oh my thanks for the warning.  I won't drink with you today.
Me too! I feel you. Have hope the right person will come along when you are ready
i dont use them cos i dont get much bak haa
I have match right now.  I have it set to find matches with girls who have "dont drink" set on their profiles.  1 in 10 profiles that get suggested to me is a girl who says she doesn't drink.  I also have in my profile that I am looking for someone who does not drink.  Needless to say it's slim pickins but I'm not going to date anyone who drinks simple as that.  Definitely get sober first before venturing out there.  You may meet some super girl that does it for you but drinks and that can cause you to relapse.  Be solid in your sobriety first.  
Good idea. I was sober in 2015 for a stretch of time. I was recently divorced. I definitely felt like dating became an addiction in itself. I was constantly on the apps talking to numerous men and going on dates with different men almost every night. It became an unhealthy obsession and ultimately led to me relapsing on alcohol. 
I'm now married for 8 years and just missed the entire online dating trend. I sometimes wonder what it would have been like and wish I had explored a bit more. Thank you all for this confirmation that it eventually sucks! 
I did the dating thing 6 months into sobriety and it was a huge mistake. I ended up falling for a heavy drinker that I met on Tinder. While I didn't relaspe I was definitely using her as a form of escape and now that she's gone I'm in a worse place than I was before. 
Dopamine free is the way to be.
Good call. I haven't been able to get full control of the dating/dating app-perusing addiction transference! Argh
Good for you. Since I was very young I've had an addiction to the internet that's way worse than my addiction to alcohol It's still something I'm working  on. If you're curious about things like that you might be interested in a book called "The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains". It's a great read. 
May I suggest meetup as an alternative.  It is not a dating site but just groups of people with similar interests getting together for activities or coffee or a meal.  Kind of like a date but with a group of  both genders and without the complications that sex and romance brings to the table.  
More power to ya!..I didn't date at all for my first 18months sober then it was a shit show after that for years haha..I can't say I don't dip and dab now I do. I will say that for the most part I check my motives and am able to keep what's important in my life formost and not another swipe or note from a stranger
Aye matey I did the same.  I also just deactivated Instagram and Facebook.  It felt like a weirdly big deal to me to disconnect but I was getting sooo tired of opening Instagram just to see alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol.  People lifting up drinks in boomerang.  It feels like such a relief so far!  My thumb still reaches for the app like once an hour thank god it isn't there anymore.
As someone who has drank almost daily for more than 20 years and can look back and reflect on failed relationships and cite Alcohol as a contributor I have no business dating until I can get sober. I don't want to even date with "recovery" being a thing. It needs to be dead and buried before I can ever engage another woman and be involved in her life. Sadly I'm over 44 years old and never married no kids... at this point I may be single for the rest of my life. 
I just did the same recently. I've decided to work on myself and my hobbies instead of swiping on guys. I rather have the universe figure out when it's right when I find someone :)
Good call.  I tried online dating a while back and "hollow conversations" is a spot on description.  IWNDWYT!
I think this is a wise course of action. I took a year off dating when I first got sober -- after leaving an unhappy relationship. I decided I wanted to come into my next relationship as a whole person and with things to offer. Having that time was crucial to me. I rebuilt my body rewired by brain and came back to the dating scene KILLING it. Just kidding -- I am not killing it. But I really do feel like I leveled up physically and mentally. You will too.
I would use dating sites while getting drunk. I would have conversations with girls while drunk but then not have any interest in talking the next day while sober. I dunno seemed to function better conversation wise while intoxicated. But on the other hand I would end up getting frustrated and pull the famous "nice guy" bullshit. Not my proudest moments...But since I've been sober while I really feel that I want to connect with girls I believe sober me wouldn't get anywhere but also I should keep taking time for myself to improve aspects of my life. 
I deleted the apps the day I quit or near that. Great insight on the dopamine rush associated with online dating!..Another thing that I realized was that I need to learn all over again how to flirt and relate to people I may be attracted to without booze. maybe these will be a day I will start a new OKC account (Tinder - never again) but now it's not a priority. ..One day there will be time for sober romance. One day ..I will not drink with you today! 
Those apps paired with alcohol were the main cause of my separation..Both extremely addicting.
Give it at least 6-12 months before you even think about dating. Figure out who you are and learn to like yourself as a sober individual before you bring someone else in. 
Dating apps always put me in the worst mood. My quality of life got so much better when I got rid of them.
I feel this too also a huge temptation to drink x 
Well played friend. IWNDWYT 
This is awesome. ..I did the same thing. Got rid of OKcupid tinder and the rest. Feels so much better to think about something manifesting "organically". Thanks for stating this...All the apps was another way that I satiated the feeling of feeling lonely/disconnected it exasperated the feelings and made me feel even worse than ever. ..Not sure if you were feeling the way I was but good on you - you'll feel so much better for it. Congratulations on day 2!!!! &lt;3
a guy i met on a dating app ghosted me and literally caused me to hit the emotional bottom that brought me to stop drinking altogether lol. i deleted it too. ..now i've been tempted to get back on because the loneliness is kinda crushing me. i won't do it though. 
Hey in4real.  About 18 months ago I was really sad from a breakup with a fellow alcoholic.  So Instead of getting sober myself I went on a casual dating/serious drinking spree that lasted several months.  It was exhausting emotionally unsatisfying expensive and guess what I didn't find my soulmate.  I'm no longer drinking and have avoided pursuing new romantic relationships until I have more time in sobriety.  I'm missing out on all those artificial highs and lows but I'm working toward a grudging Peace with the stuff that was causing me to drink so much in the first place.  Hope we can all find self acceptance one day!!   
