-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90fqfs/babys_fussy_tonight_probably_shouldnt_drink/

Last night my one year old baby girl was showing obvious signs of teething. SUPER angry and whiny the whole evening. I decided to go get her ready for bed. While I was getting her little night shirt on her I noticed a subtle thought go through my head.  She probably won't sleep good tonight. Probably shouldn't drink or it will be tough for both of us!  ..Then I sort of chuckled. I haven't drank in over a month! I don't have to think those thoughts anymore! Amazing how ingrained those sort of thoughts had become while I was drinking that I still would think them even after quitting. And when I was drinking I probably would have ended up dismissing that thought and doing it anyway. Then struggling with the fussy baby during the night while barely able to stay awake. It's hard enough while sober so I don't know why I did that to myself! ..Anyway I just wanted to share because it gave me that sort of pleasant feeling you get similar to after you have a dream that you drank and wake up to realize you didn't. And btw baby slept much better than I thought she would. So here we are on another not hungover morning having gotten interrupted but much higher quality sleep than I used to. I like it! ..Y'all have a good weekend! IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

I had a similar experience... I've been having to take sudafed for a sinus infection and I heard myself think  probably not supposed to drink with this   and then was like wait... of course I won't drink I wouldn't be drinking anyway! And felt a sense of peace and joy that I didn't actually have to face that choice because it had already been made   
That's interesting! I'm glad you're able to be present for teething- it's a challenge...IWNDWYT!
I can relate unfortunately. I used to binge drink after the baby was in bed. I rationalized that if I had already pumped I'd be sober enough in the morning to nurse again. That actually is kind of messed up thinking about it now. 
