-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90fr6q/starting_outpatient_rehab_next_week_after_many/

I have drank pretty much daily for the past 15 years aside from a couple several week periods of quitting. Each attempt ended in failure. I always thought that I would stop drinking once I reached certain milestones. I used to be single with no children and a crappy job and I told myself I drank because I was lonely and sad. That if I had a satisfying high paid job I would quit or a girlfriend or wife I would quit or certainly once I had kids I would never need or want to drink again...Then I went to lawschool and got a good job as a lawyer. My drinking only increased. I now drink sometimes to deal with the stress of my job. Or I drink with my coworkers while working because it is not frowned upon. ..Then I met my wife and we dated and married. My drinking increased again. Not because I was unhappy or because she drinks alot she doesn't but just because. My wife does not understand why I drink myself drunk everynight for no reason and neither do I...Then we had kids and I love them and love spending time with them so much but still my drinking has increased...I have everything I have ever wanted now and I am drinking more than ever and drinking myself to death for no reason. I have spent so much time over the past couple years thinking about my drinking and being ashamed of my drinking and imagining myself dying from my drinking at 45 or 50 years old and leaving behind my family and it has given me a lot of anxiety and depression with how much I think about it...I have finally gotten together the courage to meet with a chemical dependence counselor and we decided the best course for me would be out patient rehab given my work responsibilities that I cannot leave work for a month for inpatient...I have been sober since sunday and am just now starting to feel pretty good with some of the withdrawal symptoms resolving. I am worried about being able to stay sober. I really do not understand at all how rehab makes me more able to resist the urge to drink and relapse but I am trusting that it does otherwise it would not be a thing...I am also worried about working in such an alcohol consuming field and workplace. I am also worried because my wife doesn't seem to understand how powerless I am with alcohol because she would prefer I just moderate so we could still have fun sometimes. When I explained to her I cannot just stop at one or ten she asked if I really can't or just choose not to. I am worried she isn't going to understand my need to be totally sober...I have been a longtime lurker on this site but made a new account because this is the first time I have posted and I hope to post plenty more in the future as I transition into a sober life to enjoy the life that I have always wanted.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on what seems to me to be a well thought out decision. It will not be easy but worth it. I like to remember Honesty Open mindedness &amp; Willingness. Stay strong &amp; don't hesitate to post here if help is needed along the way. It will certainly help us too.  I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
[removed]
Great job on reaching out and congrats on your sobriety and going to out patient!..Perhaps your wife would benefit from AlAnon?..Wishing you the best - please keep us posted!
