-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90trr4/i_saw_my_former_self_today_at_a_golf_outing/

And it was not pretty. I ran into a former high school friend/golfer randomly at a golf outing today. Same age. Similar in looks. Smoker and big drinker. Only difference is I have 6 months of sober time...It was MIND boggling. I am not judging him in the least shit a part of me was very jealous of him and wanted to sit next time at the bar and drink with him at the start! At the end of the outing while we were doing the awards and eating dinner I had a sudden realization. I do not miss that feeling I assume he was feeling based on how he looked...hot sweating full from beer anxious that I am not appearing too drunk to the non drinkers desperately waiting for food in order to keep drinking more! I was struggling a few times today when offered a beer each time the beer cart girl came by or afterwards at the awards ceremony. But I said no each time with almost no hesitation and it felt good! Ever 6 months later which reminds me that this is going to be a forever process and that ok! It helps remind me that I can't ever let my guard down because the lizard brain can come out at any time and make me think I can moderate...Seeing my former self was a great reminder of how far I have come. Hell I went to the gym before I golfed. Old me would have gotten ripped the night before woke up just before I had to leave justify a morning beer  hey it's what golfers do  in order to stave off the hangover from the night before continued to drink hard all day and then probably hit the bars afterward! That sounds SO exhausting! I just took a relaxing shower and out on the ball game going to eat some ice cream and enjoy my peaceful Saturday night...Thanks for listening everybody and please take it one day at a time the cravings come and go but I guarantee you that remaining sober is so so so much better......
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome for you and very encouraging to read!
I do not miss the mental gymnastics of drinking. Planning out how much alcohol I could have when I could drink the way I wanted to trying to act like I wasn't wasted and then waking up from a blackout. Glad we don't have to go through all of that today. 
wow thank you for this post. life on the high road
Good for you!! I've had a similar experience where I've been watching someone else who may be drank too much wine acting like I used to... Although it never involve golf. I am an avid golfer but could never drink when I golfed. They never helped my game. I honestly don't think that drinking helps people with their golf game. It's a myth and just because they are loosened up they think they're golfing better. When in reality they are not.
I just had to read this when I read the headline. ..This is funny as hell and so true. And I'm not judging the guy... Hell I've been him too many times. There are even a few bars with great live music near me that I'm too ashamed to go into now because of how I acted while drinking there. ..Thanks for the post. And congrats on your sober time. Sounds like a great Saturday evening plan. 
I had a sober game of golf two days ago. It was strange because it has always been a drinking game for me. Drinks before hit off a can every other hole  and naturally 19th hole. Don't know how I survived but can relate   golf is synonymous with drinking for some of us so good on you for staying strong   IWNDWYT 
Think of all the money you saved.
I had an encounter kind of similar to this but it wasn't a former self...I went to a birthday outing at a bar maybe eight years ago. At this point in my life I knew I had a problem but wasn't quite where I needed to be to start changing. My coworker turned 42 and invited me out to celebrate. We were buddies and so I went...At the time I was 26. I'd just finished a shift at work so I went to the bar in a flannel and jeans. I get there. My coworker a female is dressed up. She's surrounded by her small group of people. I meet the four other guys who showed up...One of them was like 24. Nice kid. Just graduated college. Another is 40-ish and my coworker's boyfriend. Another is in his 50's. The other is pushing 70. At one point in the night they stood next to one another on their phones by the bar in one long line. It took me up to that point to realize they all came in with the same look. They all had their hair slicked back or gelled up and they all wore a tight black shirt with skinny pants. ..All four of them drunk on their phones illustrating what being drunk for decades looks like. It spooked me hard. 
Congrats IWNDWYT 
Oh yeah every time I see a friend post a facebook video of them totally smashed and making a fool of themselves I think A: wow you are 36 years old why are you posting that stuff online? and B: I'm so glad I don't have to look like a fool anymore.
Brilliant post many thanks for helping me be sober today
I was watching the golf at a bar on Fridaythis guy is ordering and slurring his words next to and reeking of hard liquor.I got irritated which was wrong as I need to learn patiencejust loving people where they are at is not easy to learn.
Feels good to say no doesn't it?  It gets easier with time I promise.  Proud of you for staying strong and for not judging your friend.  IWNDWYT 
Great story. Thank you for sharing. Spoke to me a lot...Won't drink with you today!
Well done...thank you for the inspiration...Although I'm only 8 days in I had a similar experience last night. Met a friend at a Mexican restaurant. He had just come from a bar where his friends got together to mourn the recent death of one of their group...I have no idea how he drove the 3 miles to get there because when he walked in (15 minutes late) he was hammered. Slurring stumbling incoherent and totally incapable of holding a conversation. I had planned to sit with him for an hour or two to catch up but after he agressively asked me 4 times in 10 minutes why I was drinking iced tea instead of beer I tapped out and left. I'm not sure he noticed...Like I said I'm only 8 days in but so far I'm loving it...Best of luck to you and thanks again for the story.
I went out with my soccer game buddies recently. It was amazing and scary how their eyes looked up deep into the night. Was glad it wasn't me this time. 
Back when I drank one drink while golfing and my game was gone. I don't know how people drink all day out there but good for you for sticking with it - I will not drink with you today!
Can totally relate - every time I see my mom.  Well done on sticking to your guns I really think the social aspect is the hardest part.
