-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90wk55/guys_i_am_struggling/

I am resetting the badge....i hate this....time and time again. I don"t get blind drunk...i sip half a bottle to a bottle of wine a few nights a week. But I 100% want to be a non drinker. This time i am really really really really really going to try my very hardest. I am prepared for the war on the wine witch.  Day 3 is always my very very hardest. I have the support of my husband and my kids are told they need to leave the anxiety provoking issues alone. This week i am putting me first. Wish me luck. 
----------immediate responses--------

I do wish you luck I am new to this only joined yesterday and have managed two nights now without a drink. I look forward to the day I can say I don't drink anymore and I am guessing that's what you want too. You sound strong believe in yourself and yes do something for you whatever that may be having a bag of sweets all to yourself buy some new music have a massage what ever you fancy that takes your mind off having a sip. All the best
I could have never quit without reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. It reverse conditions your mind away from alcohol. 
Don't beat yourself up. The fact that you say you want to be a non drinker means you're definitely in the right mindset. I think it's a known fact it can sometimes take a few attempts for folks to get going on their journey. Have you tried reading any books on the subject? I highly recommend [This Naked Mind](https://www.amazon.co.uk/This-Naked-Mind-Discover-Happiness/dp/0996715002) and [The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Unexpected-Joy-Being-Sober-alcohol-free/dp/1912023385/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_14_t_0?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=PGF8VQSZSSY5SX2SJKA4). Good luck.
Got it and am planning on reading it starting today. I am taking a week off just for me to indulge getting the first week under my belt.  Thank you. . 
It sounds like you're doing great. Enacting change can be a little tricky when it comes to altering habits and routines...Personally I was no good 'struggling' against my subconscious or 'trying my hardest' and I would definitely not win a war with myself... but reading books like the ones others have suggested did help me a great deal...I really liked 'The Power of Habit' too. It's a more general book rather than being alcohol focussed very interesting stuff!..Good luck!
Good Luck - everyone here supports you
Dont feel bad I went on a 3 day bender recently. Pretty low rn
Good for you!  You can do it! IWNDWYT
Keep on fighting. 
When I quit I wrote down all the bad  crap.The things I didthe lies the embarrassments everything I hated about an alcoholics life and so on.I also wrote down all the good things as they occurred after quittingthe relief of not deceiving myself and my wife and family anymore.I have sworn to myself that before I ever  drink I will revisit those writings.It was also very important to admitt to myselfmy wife and my children(they are adults) that I am an alcoholic.TNM helped me alot.I talk to my wife alot and spend time on hereposting and reading.I know I will never drink again but if I ever felt I was swinging towards that I would join AA.I will do anything and everything to stay sober It is a fight for my life and I have no intention of losing.IWNDWYT
1) Good luck...2) Don't waste time on guilt. If you slip start it up again the next day and keep at it. You are doing your best and you need to keep working on it...3) I'm wavering like hell as well and today would only be day 2 in a row for me.
The fact that you made this post means you are a fighter. You are not alone in this fight. Just remember how much better you feel every morning when you don't drink. We are all behind you rooting for you. Sending love. IWNDWYT.
You'll get there! IWNDWYT!
The first week after I quit was the hardest thing I have ever done...particularly the first 3-4 days. You can do it though. Its tough to say what I want to say and stay within the /stopdrinking rules but be stronger than you have ever been...reward yourself with \*anything\* else you can think of besides alcohol (or drugs) each day. Some things you can try (these things helped my own journey to be smoother): tell your husband or kids to give you a sticker each day - buy yourself a small something - Find replacement foods like ice cream or gourmet coffees or teas to replace alcohol. A lot of us have been where you are or ARE there right now in that same situation that you are in. One thing that helped me was to remember not to be too hard on myself and to not dwell on my past failures (and I had many). Each day is a new opportunity to be honest and keep on keeping on. I mean all of this in a hopefully encouraging way...Make no mistake this is going to be extremely hard. But you are even harder! And it honestly truly does get easier.
One of the biggest steps I had to take towards long-term success was this: I had to embrace the fact that moderation was not an option. Zero drinks is so much easier. The first week of quitting *really sucks* but gets easier every day afterwards. Stock up on some sweets and cold cans of flavored soda water (La Croix or Waterloo are my faves). Once you shut out the option of having just a "sip" you will be able to be successful.
FWIW mindset made all of the difference for me. When under a court order to not drink for 90 days following a suicide attempt (one might think that would be the wake up call) I snuck a few here and there and then started right up again when time was up. .. Don't tell me what to do . ..This time after having a stent put into my widow maker artery I chose to not drink to save my life.  I can drink  and I know that but I am not drinking by choice.  ..I don't like being told what to do. ..I like making good choices. ..You will not be alone on your journey as I'll be right there with you. Peace my friend. Peace and happiness. ..IWNDWYT ..
I wish the best of luck. Keep reaching out here for support especially when you feel the urge. Take care. IWNDWYT.
Good luck. Dont be tooo hard on yourself. Youre further ahead than most with a desire to quit. Just a matter of time
Hang in there! Rooting for you - and for all of us. ..You're not alone. I just relapsed yesterday and am sick about. .
its the first couple weekends/weeks that were really difficult for me not only because of the cravings to drink but I was also trying to breaking the habits of timing all my drinks every night so I would be the right amount of buzzed at certain times and so that my beer lasted all night...That kind of OCD drinking was a pain in the ass and very hard to break...You can do it.
One thing that helped me when I got stuck back in the cycle of drinking and wanting so badly to quit was the idea that I didn't necessarily need to try harder and harder and harder. I just needed to try *different*. Obviously the tactics I was using on myself weren't getting me anywhere so I had to change things up and try something new. ..What hasn't been working for you that you'd be willing to change in order to stay sober? ..Best of luck. IWNDWYT. 
You can do this! ..Is it possible to plan to go to a spa/get a massage/do yoga on the third and fourth days to keep your stress down and keep you chill and distracted? ..Also an appointment with a psychiatrist who specializes in addiction could be very helpful (it was for me). I take medication to help curb cravings and help me deal with the anxiety that I was self-medicating for with alcohol. I also see a psychologist for counseling about my triggers and coping strategies for my anxiety. I really don't think I could have made it to 63 days without the medical help...Just food for thought I guess. I wish you luck and know that you've got the will which is 90% of the fight. ...Good Luck!
There are a lot of comments recommending that you read a book; I'm going to go out on a limb and say "meet some people" - specifically other alcoholics at an AA meeting. I found the support and advice from people who'd been exactly where I was much more powerful and helpful than all the reading I'd done. The steps give you a logical process to find the things that keep driving you to drink and neutralize them. And when you keep going to meetings it's like a "re-alignment" as you are reminded of why you went in the first place...My only caution is every AA group is different. They all have their own style format etc. If you don't like the first one try another! I went to 20 different ones before I finally chose a home group. ..Good luck! Really wanting to quit is the most important thing so you are almost there. Finding some people who've been there to support and counsel you might make the difference. 
A wise man once said 'Do or do not there is no try' ..I find it helps me if I don't think about it as 'trying' to quit drinking rather I try(ha) to think of myself as a 'non-drinker' now. If it's part of who I am rather than a struggle I'm going through I don't try to justify it to myself as much.
Hey I remember you from another thread on here! Sorry you're going through this I know it sucks and is a hard challenge to take up sometimes very hard. I'm right there with you struggling with the same thoughts. Even though it costs so much that short term high can be so very tempting on top of the habits and triggers we build up. You'll get there and me too. We all know it's not worth it. I'll be thinking of you tomorrow around noon my time when I imagine you'll be settling into your evening and I will not drink with you.
At this early stage we should keep each other company only  I  understand why i am  doing this - friends drink socially a lot and parf of my weakness is saying...bugger they do it ! 
Just checking in on you today. How's it going?
You can do it!.  
