-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90x4yh/too_late_to_start_aa/

This might be a stupid question but is it ever too late to start AA? I'm nine months sober and have done it solo until now (well with therapy!) but I'm struggling with a bunch of things and would love to meet some other sober people...I have been to two women's AA meetings but felt like everyone was either brand new or really great friends already and it didn't feel like there was a time for me to say I'm new to AA but not sobriety. ..Anyone have success starting AA a few months in?? Tips advice appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Never too late to start AA. .."The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking".
As so succinctly stated by u/Phredex - "Never too late"...Hope to hear more about your journey!
Never too late  I felt like everyone knew each other too especially at the ladies meeting I went too  within no time at all I felt like I knew everyone and I go for brunch every Tuesday after a meeting with a group of ladies some weeks there is 3 people sometimes 12 everyone is invited and I really enjoy it ..Hope you get to experience the same thing 
Welcome No not too late. - one of my sponsees started going to AA after being dry for 20 some years.   He's still going 15 years later...Often in the beginning of the meeting they ask is there anyone new coming back or at this meeting for the first time...other wise you can do what this man did with me - ask questions after the meeting (and I expect you have a few) and in doing so tell a piece of his story...
A few in my group are just like you. Arrived sober but wanted support.  It is never too late. Plus you will be helping others by sharing some of your story. I say this as someone who does not care for the AA program of steps but absolutely cares for the members both old and new. Few people face alcoholism and win. AA is a place where you will find these folks and just seeing their success can inspire you to stay the course. I love the fact that I can be joking with some people at a meeting and in the next minute potentially contributing to saving a new persons life. Add to that a handful of members who I can text or call or go for coffee with and I really do have a nice safety net that doesn't even feel like the hard 'work' of sobriety. 
Never too late! I started going when I was four months in and I had stuck with it I probably wouldn't have gone back to drinking for a brief period in last June. Sigh. Anyway I was lucky enough to have a friend in the program who has kind of shown me the ropes but I also still always introduce myself at every meeting where I'm a "newcomer" and people are very friendly about wanting to chat afterwards and give phone numbers. I've made some great connections. I went into AA as a total skeptic and while there are some things about the program I don't love the social support and connection is something I find incredibly valuable. 
My friend was 5 years sober before coming into AA. It's never too late. 
Nah a lot of people decide after a while sober to check it out. its a good social outlet if nothing else
Never too late!.If anything go for the fellowship.  Meeting sober people hopefully make friends is a great thing.
I stopped drinking in the month of July and my first meeting was the following November.  I wish I had gone sooner (years sooner).  I thought AA was a Christian cult but finally gave it a chance because a counselor suggested it.  He said I'd probably find people that would understand my alcohol issues better than any friends and family.  He was right...If you show up early and/ or stay to help clean up you will almost surely make friends with people.  No one really cares about being new to AA vs. number of days sober.
I arrived at 5 months sober fresh from hospital just out of my wheelchair! My group is very welcoming I'm still new so I'm just listening and not contributing at the moment and as I'm trying to also quit smoking I don't join everyone outside before or after! But I am confident that I will make friends there I will keep going. Just let it come naturally! 
