-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/913h6e/thank_you_god_in_crying_right_now_she_made_the/

My older sister and I both struggled with alcoholism since our twenties. I just recently got 3 years but my sister continued battling on and off. ..After a recent visit home and seeing more evidence she was having a tough time I texted her early this morning and told her to check out Reddit. And that it's helped me on my journey. ..Y'all not more than 20 minutes ago my dear big sister called me and told me she's checking in to rehab and I'm a big freaking mess of happiness tight now!..Then you God. Thank you Reddit. Thank you everyone. Never give up on your loved ones. It's only one call away.
----------immediate responses--------

The power of community and of hearing stories that make you feel heard and not so alone.  Lots of support to you and sis.  thanks for sharing.  iwndwyt
Wow!! IWNDWYT!!
Wow. IWNDWYT 
I'm so happy for you two! IWNDWYTD
That is the very very best news. 
Crying with joy IWNDWYT.
Awesome!
Best wishes. 
Brilliant well done 
Someone checks in with this and I am stealing it.  In Serenity In Action In Service   What you have done is amazing. Thanks so much for sharing this. Best wishes for you and you sister.  I will NOT drink with you today!   Peace
This is fantastic. If we can do it so can she. Best wishes to you both. .IWNDWYT
That's wonderful! Tell your sister she has a whole lot of people out here not drinking with her today including me!.
Community even online through reddit is important...IWNDWYT.
That is great news! Congrats on you and your sister! IWNDWYT!
SD is a huge factor in sobriety
I tell eveyone that I think might need to know about this reddit.  It is incredibly helpful.  Spread the word!
That's awesome!  I'm so happy for her and for you!
Thank you all. She just texted me that she got her first coin from AA. For my journey reading The shared stories of Reddit and listening to audio books about alcoholism and recovery where more helpful than AA. But I don't care as long as she feels supported and keeps it up  IWNDT
