-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/915r6t/lapse_relapse_and_hope/

Soooo.. This is going to be a long post it's a throwaway account because I do not want anything (like shame) to impair my honesty. Uhh I don't even know where to start or what I want to accomplish by writing this  but I will try maybe somebody somewhere can get something out of my story. ..I started drinking as a teenager even in high school (age 16 or so) I remember drinking 2dl of vodka on my way to school- not every day but it happened every now and then. Back then my hangovers were not so much physical but emotionally I was feeling all the remorse guilt shame etc- the usual dread you feel when you wake up in the middle of the night. I should have known then. I should have seen that alcohol controls me. ..The first time I thought "shit I might have a problem" was in about second year of Uni (age 21 or so)- I was attending a class on the Polish culture and inevitably a girl in my class wrote an essay (as an assignment) on the problem of alcoholism in Poland. Her words "it's a disease without a cure" were ringing in my ears for days and nights however it did not stop me from being in denial for a long long time to come. But the moment she said that I knew and I felt like there's no going back so I suppose I subconsciously decided to be in denial. ..When I was 22 I moved to London (from my small country in Eastern Europe) I had a crazy ambition I was relatively successful but my disease was progressing with each year. When I was 26 I have come to the point where I was completely incapacitated I was living from my bed living for 5am when the off licence (liquor shop) would open so I could get my hit and go through the day (or night). I started having seizures around 25-26 when withdrawals would kick in I lost all my friends my family almost I gained almost 40 pounds I broke my leg 3 times in a span of 2 years I was completely OK with dying any given day. Honestly I had nothing to live for. ..Then one day when I was 27 I discovered this community I went through the posts cried for 2 hours (as I was waiting for the off license to open) and I suddenly saw hope. I realised I don't have to die I saw that so many of you have made it and I could make it too. Incidentally I met my partner on Tinder (out of all places) I moved in with him in the English countryside we got two wonderful doggies after a few bumps ups and downs I managed to get sober. I got a dream job in London we moved back to London together (and the doggies) I learned how to live sober. I realised that everything and everyone that required me to drink were either people or things not worth having in my life. I lost all the alcohol weight at 30 I look like 22 again all the people who know me cannot believe the "comeback" I've made. ..Now comes the hardest part- I genuinely am my best self after I've had say an equivalent of 2 beers. I am happier  I am smarter I am a better person. I just am there is no point denying it. Maybe there is a way I can achieve that state of mind without alcohol but maybe there's not and I've just been dealt these cards. At my new job the "team spirit" is strong. And for me being a hermit my entire life this was a swim or drown situation. But I swam  I did really well. However I felt like i could not make a connection with anyone in particular there was a girl (I am a straight female) who I desperately wanted to befriend. But I couldn't. I could not come out of my shell. That's when I made a premeditated calculated choice that I would go have drinks with her. And I did I had a blast I did not regret it I regretted lying to my bf about it but I came clear the same day I explained it was an isolated event and it would not happen again. And then again for a month I was fine...Last week my partner and I went on holiday we saw my dad who is in his late 50s he is Polish he's been in touch with alcoholism his entire life (his dad his ex partner) HOWEVER he is a heavy drinker but not an alcoholic therefore he really REALLY does not understand the struggle. He can go on a binge for 5 days and then go a month sober like nothing happened. And he was really happy to see me healthy and well but he could not understand that he cannot invite me to a house full of booze splash wine from 1967 at a dinner buy a 5L container of vodka and just flash it all in front of me. It broke me like a corroded toothpick I started taking sips in secret and proceeded to lie to my partner about it. ..Today a Monday and I cannot go to work because I am going through almost the worst withdrawals I've ever been through. I've risked everything- my new dream life dream job dream man dream doggies for booze. I think now I have to again stop being "open minded" about booze and jump back on the wagon. Writing here I feel reinforces my decision and maybe helps somebody in a similar situation. Just this morning I was reading a post from a kind stranger here who is in ER and getting detox and I was thinking- bro we did it once we can do it again we got it in us. But you cannot be open minded about alcoholism. There will never be a moderation for us. I will see this week as a stepping stone in my recovery and I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I wish you all the best. Most important part is you are here wanting to stop. You can do it and get the life back you had before slipping. ..I will not drink with you today.
I have the same issue with my parents a house full of booze as much as you want to drink and when they see you it all comes out. That is parents! They done realise what is going on. I used to switch to only drink red wine and keep it sensible and this worked for a bit but my dad would always bring out a bottle of special whiskey and we could toast begin together how can you refuse this to your dad. In the end I started to turn up in the car this way they would offer me no drink or say that I had to be up really early (3am) for a flight. We all tell the Mrs a white lie that is what we do. Don't give and keep pushing forward! IWNDWYT.
Glad you're here !..You might be interested to google Kindking Effect...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
