-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/918rzj/previously_too_scared_to_post_but_always_wanted/

I have never posted before. I've deemed it too scary and too real. But I really wanted to try. It ended up a bit long and I'm very wordy...I don't have a good sobriety date--for a long time it was the familiar vicious cycle. I'd be sober for a year relapse make it another couple months relapse. I know I haven't had a drink since August 1 2017 which is when I moved to a new apartment--I have not had a sip of booze since moving. The longer I am sober the more I feel like I need to do some outreach as this time I am DETERMINED not to relapse (PS I can't seem to figure out the flair ::shrug::)..Sometimes I feel different from the stories I hear though there are posts on here that I can point to and be like "I feel you!" I was never a big bar person. I wasn't in to drinking with my friends who were not heavy drinkers. As an extreme introvert I turned to drinking at home alone and I loved it. I try to remember to glorify nothing--those were horrible times in my life. I was young and out of college and had a low paying job. It started with retail a miserable job that tested my sanity and I began to heavily rely on alcohol which continued with me to my next office job. All my money went to alcohol. I withdrew from my friends preferring to stay at home and drink and play video games. I got fatter and less healthy I didn't do much at all. Eventually I developed psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. I guess I always had it but it began to flare for the first time. I had red welts all over and had trouble moving as my joints began to swell. I had to go on biologics a kind of scary-side-effect immuno-suppressants. I will likely be on these the rest of my life. As they often go hand in hand my depression and anxiety raged uncontrollably. My doctors did their best to control symptoms around the alcohol trying to get me to quit with limited success...I came to terms with the fact that I was an alcoholic before I quit. I mean I KNEW I was predisposed; my father is a recovering alcoholic my mother is an admitted but not in recovery alcoholic my grandfather was an alcoholic... so on and so forth. Shocking I developed it right? For a long time I just wasn't ready to. It was my liver that finally forced me to do something. My liver levels began to SOAR as I damaged it further and further my numbers consistently were in the hundreds when the averages were around 30 (sorry I'm not getting specific there were a bunch of liver results some of which I don't understand besides "bad" and most of them elevated). I was hospitalized once for heart issues after a heavy night of drinking. Wake up call after wake up call right?..I did stop drinking for a bit. The first time I got sober I lasted for over a year and I felt GREAT. My body got better I lost weight I was feeling better and better every day my friendships were thriving...but the call was too great and I relapsed. I have never figured out a specific trigger besides being alone and boredom. If I am at home and I CAN drink (e.g. I have nothing to do and no one is around) I REALLY want to. ..Cue repeated relapses. I was in relationships at this point mostly hiding it but eventually moved in with my boyfriend. Drinking felt worse and worse with the hiding the shame and the guilt. When he proposed before we got married I HAD to tell him. He knew I was an alcoholic but apparently he really didn't realize I had been drinking (I don't think I'm THAT sneaky but he believes and trusts in me...it was really shaming). This is when the current trend started for real. ..He is my husband now and I have been sober for almost a year. I've lost over 60 pounds. I am healthier and happier. I FEEL good. I carry a lot of guilt all the time which is really hard. I feel like a failure in life. I'm in my 30s now and lament losing my 20s to alcohol. I am in therapy to help with that. The support of my husband has been invaluable. I no longer speak with my mother much--it's hard to get her on the phone sober and she is a VERY mean drunk. My dad and I are much closer both sharing the challenges of addiction. He has turned to Buddhism and has been sober for over 5 years and I am very proud of him...Thank you for getting this far. I just wanted to share my story partially to put it all out there or get it off my chest. It's easier when it's anonymous. I have been lurking on /stopdrinking for a long time on my usual account sometimes not sober (never posted! promise!) sometimes sober too scared to post. But here I am. I will not drink with you today...TL;DR I stopped drinking. It was super hard. The remaining guilt is difficult.
----------immediate responses--------

Great story! Thanks for sharing. Everybody's got something to contribute here; glad you did!
With regard to the guilt. We all have it for hurting ourselves or others. I am not a member of AA but I believe this is what  Step 4  is all about in the 12 Steps.  I have very limited knowledge on how to work the steps but I have heard this is the hardest. Dealing with guilt is difficult. ..Consider going to AA if you feel you need help with the topic and counseling is not providing you that relief. I can imagine veteran members would be very helpful for you in navigating this topic. ..Thank you for joining us! ..In the meantime I highly recommend listening to  This Naked Mind  on podcast or audiobook. We look forward to learning more about you on here! IWNDWYT 
Welcome!  Thanks for writing.  I see a lot of my old lifestyle in your story and I don't miss it.  I've found addressing the boredom as my best response.  If I'm bored enough to think I have the time might as well drink I do something nearly anything.  You should see how clean my closets are.  
And congrats on joining the community.  I've found commenting on posts and writing occasionally very beneficial.
You have survived a very difficult challenge. The things you went through and what happened are the source of the hard won wisdom you now own that allows you to make different choices and exert a strength you previously didn't have access to...Past "you" desperately wanted future "you" to be exactly what you have become. Now you have achieved a summit previously unimagined while carrying the extra weight of guilt about the very things you had to overcome to become strong. Put down the extra weight of carrying guilt. You passed through the storm and now have the ability to build the future you that you really want. It's actually really amazing...I will not drink with you today. Stay strong.
Welcome to the community and good luck! You're going to beat alcohol!..IWNDWYT!
Welcome c:
[removed]
Wow... and now your part of this wonderful community. So glad to welcome you aboard. 
I hear you... when I was newly sober my guilt and shame were horrible. I felt scared the first year and a half that it was too good to be true and that my new life would be short lived. I didn't think I deserved to be sober and happy I felt a little more confident at 18 months but I've had a full on relapse at 18 months too so there was that; but I just tried my best and hung on and pushed through all the fear and bad feelings and uncertainty by posting whenever I felt unsure of myself and told myself that everything was going to be alright and tried to believe it. before that though I lurked here until I reached 1 year sober. then I made a user name and started posting. It hasn't been easy but this sub has helped me immensely  with dealing with my fears and newly discovered feelings and conscience . Today though I can tell you that with time I've redeemed myself with nearly everyone and the guilt I felt is almost completely gone. I still have my days but sobriety has lessened my worries a little bit more with each day that I don't drink. It will get better it just takes time. trust that everything will be alright some how some way even if you don't think so. Well I just wanted to share my experience with you. Thank you for being here I'm so glad you posted!
Welcome!  Glad you're here. :)
Thanks for your story. I can relate to much of it. Congratulations on your sobriety. Sending you my best wishes. IWNDWYT.:-)
