-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91d7q8/just_wanted_to_share_my_story_with_you_all/

Growing up my parents were always very open and forthright about the fact that addiction runs in both sides of my extended family. I remember very early on conversations about how I would need to be mindful when I got older because i have inherited a predisposition to addiction- which is why it's not a surprise to me that I struggle with alcohol. ..My mom is the type of alcoholic who doesn't drink every day but when she does she can't stop. My dad is doing better now but up until recently would have a 6 pack a night. I fall in the middle of that: wanting to drink most nights but usually having 2-4. ..I never really thought about it as a serious problem until i started having awful fights with my SO but only when we (or occasionally just I) would drink. I had a hard time looking inward to see what was happening but recently I've been able to start doing that and have realized it's completely because of drinking. ..My SO and I are on the second to last day of a two week vacation. Saturday before last I starting drinking at around 3pm while we were at a street festival which was an awful idea. I had 4 drinks between 3 and 9pm at which point I was exhausted and we got into an explosive fight. My SO was so angry with me the next day and basically said they couldn't stay with me if I continued to drink. ..I don't like who I am when I drink. Even if I just have one. I have generalized anxiety disorder and it may mask the pain for a few minutes but it's always lead to worse pain the what I was trying to cover up. I've felt so good these past 9 days (which is the longest I've gone without drinking in about 2 years). I've noticed that even when I have anxiety it's incredibly easier to get under control. ..I just wanted to share my story with you all because I love reading/relating to everyone else's. Hope you all have a great (and sober) Monday! .
----------immediate responses--------

For me it is always the first drink that starts things going out of kilter.
Thank you for sharing your story. ..It sounds as if you are learning much about yourself and opening up to us as you do so is hopefully helping you heal...I try to re-read pages of This Naked Mind everyday to inspire my own soul searching. Amazingly effective book at making us re-think how and why we drink...I will not drink with you today my frienf
IWNDWYT. The beauty of this sub is that most of the people have been there and are totally empathetic. We are all together in this battle. Let's move forward. Again IWNDWYT.
