-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91e9ur/can_you_help_balancing_amount_of_energyvigilance/

....Th.Hi everyone. ..I've really enjoyed and benefited from this site. So thank you. ..But I'm struggling with the amount of time and energy/focus I'm giving to alcohol by being SO focused on sobriety. ...ere are two concepts in NLP that are foundational. .1. Direction filter: moving towards what you want or moving away from what you don't want. .2. Reason filter: possibility or necessity. ..With the point being that you'll attract mind subconsciously will act on the instructions received as the result of these filters and create/attract more of whatever you're focusing on. ..Kind of like the always used example 'Don't think of a pink elephant when I say 'pink elephant'. ..In order for the mind NOT to think of something it first has to/will automatically make a representation of that thing.  ..So a devout NLPer or even many positive  psychologist might say that if you want to be sober it's not a good idea to focus on not drinking. Because that means alcohol is still front and center in your mind which is what you don't want. ..If you want to be sober they likely would continue it's more effective to focus on what you do want and the possibility: what you and your life will look like in the future.  ..I write all of this because I've been struggling more and more as I come to this site and read the posts from all of you wonderful people. This community is awesome. ..Yet something inside of me in my gut/intuition says that with each visit I'm reinforcing what I don't want: which is to be obsessesed with drinking. Not with the desire or craving to drink. But just the idea of it and my last with it at the forefront of my mind. ..I never really had the pink cloud. I still deal with depression uncertainty and anxiety. I'm - very - lonely. Yet I know myself - my true self strengths and challenges - better and more clearly than ever. Even though I'm not real happy I'm actually content and so much better off that I'm not drinking. ..But all that written it feels like I'm so locked on to/vigilant about being sober that alcohol still has a FAR larger place/focus on my life than I want it. ..For menot feels like focusing on sobriety is still giving power over to alcohol. And it feels like I have one leg shackled to my past (the direction and reason filter of focusing on what I don't want and out of necessity I wrote about above).....All the while wanting to move forward in my life. Like it feels like I can't move forward while the thought/idea of alcohol is still dominant and reinforced daily with each visit here in my mind.  ..And then I'll read/see posts from people with 1000-10000+ days sober and it's so inspiring. Yet I think 'Will I still have to be focused on not drinking then? Still giving more energy to alcohol?'..Please understand ALL of what I wrote is MY EXPERIENCE ONLY. And I'm not saying it's 'THE' truth. I could just really use and appreciate your thoughts experience and perspective. ..I'll sum it up with a quote from Annie Grace that expresses - succinctly- what I've tried to convey. ..Thank you to you all. I so appreciate it. Thomas Seattle Wash...++++++++.Quote from NY Post article:..For people such as Grace who are high-functioning heavy drinkers she says that her method works... I don't count days and I don't even call myself  sober'  she says.  I just feel like I'm making conscious choices about drinking every day based on knowledge of what I want. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like it's important to listen to your gut about these things.  Obsession or compulsive behavior regarding sobriety is a danger that has occurred to me.  However I don't feel any desire to drink anymore but I like coming to this site still as a way to give back to help others and also to just feel some positivity from time to time.  ..For me I also think it's possible that one of the reasons that I don't feel a desire to drink is because I stay aware of the negatives surrounding alcohol.  It might be easy for me to forget that down sides or down play my past experiences if I didn't peek back into other peoples first dry weeks.  If I start to geek out too much online (including this site) I know that I need to get away from the screen and take a break for a few days.  
I have this problem too. But I remember someone saying "I'm bald and I have to accept that as an inevitability. When it comes to drinking I have to accept my life goes to shit every time I pick up a beer. It's that simple."..This isn't rocket appliances. For me if I feel like I am paying too much attention to not drinking I'm not paying attention to the things I want to be sober for. Just gotta switch up perspective and gravitate towards the positive side of sobriety...I know I can grab a drink any time I want. When  I really want a martini or whiskey straight I ask myself what I would rather have instead. And then I try to commit to acheiving or getting that thing I want more than a drink. 
Your blind spot is not framing the NLP correctly I think.  ..Your goal is sobriety: how to get it how to maintain it how to feed it.  ..Sobriety is like money: valuable hard to earn taking discipline &amp; effort to keep an investment it's value increases over time. .Think of sobriety like money.  ..In NLP terms: whether your goal is money or sobriety the steps are something like:.1.	Don't hang out with people who can't help you  (your drinking pals).2.	don't go where you're tempted to spend your sobriety (a bar or the wine &amp; beer aisle at the market).3.	have a plan for when you might feel temped to spend either you money or your sobriety (exercise sleep see a movie.  Like hardcore shopaholics who have frozen their credit cards in a block of ice only grocery shop in the store after they stop selling beer &amp; wine. ).4.	get support and advice like stopping by here.  In truth the most successful of us are not  not drinking  we're working hard at maintaining our sobriety. ..Then crazy as it sounds get one of the counters here attached to your account and make it your stand in for a bank account.  ..Just like money growing in your bank account after awhile growing that sobriety account takes on a special significance.   ..You begin to defend your sobriety.  ..You become proud of your sobriety. ..Sobriety will give you the same feeling as having money in an account: success fulfillment accomplishment stability.  ..Sobriety &amp; alcohol are two completely different things........
[removed]
It strikes me that you need to work on your emotional sobriety which is equally important and physical sobriety. What are you doing today to clean up your past or make amends to people that you have wronged?  When I did that and started to work on my character defects my life finally started to get better. Most of my defects will never entirely go away but I am know able to deal with them better and they no longer bog me down. I started to do some volunteering and service and it did wonders to help me think less about myself.
