-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91g88n/relapse_promising_future_but_keep_throwing_it_away/

First off i dont want this post to be a special snowflake shit. im just going to spew whats on my mind. im pretty gone but any input positive or negative will help when i get out of this hole. Im depressed lonely and even one reply from someone who reads this would make my day..ive got OCD Panic Disorder and Anxiety. ADHD and DPDR (BiPolar I but I disagree) not much in therms of the worse things (psychosis) bit it really isnt that bad...i had a promising future. i got a 97 on the asvab while i was taking ROTC in comminity college at mesa in san diego. got into my first real addiciton with marijuana and fucked up ROTC however I kept it together bedies that and i transfered with a 3.8 to UCSB for a Chem Eng. Degree...There I finished my first GPA with a 4.0. I got introduced to Benzos and my Marijauana use shot up. I was self medicating my panic attacks for which SSRIS has failed to totally stop. I wasn't aware of a medical route to benzos at theraputic levels because my psych didn't beleive in them...This quickly went out of control. I stopped giving a fuck. Got through organic chemistry high ALL DAY (1/8th) a day. I finished the whole series with a C+ AVG and failed a history class tanking my GPA to a 2.75. I started dabbing in LSD DMT and Shrroms and gave myself derealization/depersonalization/panic/hppd almost constantly. I am now a 4th year junior if I decide to return and finish my degree...I dropped out for a year tried to stay away from drugs and besides the occasional weed binge. I managed to keep my shit together. I wasn't in school but I started working for an IT company. I got laid off on 4/11/18 on good terms with a letter that I could come back after a company merger in 2018 as a manager w/ severence pay. My boss was awesome and I learned a lot. Mainly managing corperate Windows servers active directories. I also dabbled in linux (it was my hobby before hand). I used Linux to create many free open source alternatives to expensive copyrighted software that we were using for certain specialized applications using C++ And QT...From April to July. I wasn't relapsing but I was unmedicated. Constant panic attacks and OCD made it hard for me to do anything. Alone times would lead to exersensal crysis and panic attacks. So for a few months I let my girlfriend move in. Shes a wonderful person but has problems being alone so I spent every waking moment with her. It was a nice way to ground me but at the same time a crutch. She left a few weeks ago I started smoking weed.... you know how that goes. Only once a week. Still not quite a full relapse...However today after having a horrible panic attack after 3 days of overstimulation at comicon I gave in. I took .5mg of Xanax and from there another 1.5mg 3 beers and 10mg of adderall over the course of 6 hours. I know this isn't exactly a lot hence my ability to type. But I feel the binge coming on...I fucked up. I know I can finish my BSc if I stop. But if I stop I am haunted with constant Obsessions Panic Attacks and Depression to the point of suicidality (no im not right now dont worry put that phone down; just venting). I'm about to turn 23 I've been in college for 6 years and I'm a fucking junior at just OK school in a medium feild of chemistry. What the fuck did I do...Anyways sorry for the rant. I'm too fucked up now to really articulate anymore thoughts. I hope just a singe person can give me a heart felt reply. I'm so alone right now.
----------immediate responses--------

