-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91kg46/the_rewards_i_gave_myself/

This has been a struggle that I've had my entire adult life...On the way home from something I would stop somewhere to "treat" myself...In my teens and early twenties it started out as snacks.  Then it was a stop by the arcade in my mid-twenties when I worked around food and snacks weren't a "treat". ..I got an office job working with computers and games weren't a treat so it changed into fast food.  That helped me gain an extra 200 pounds over the years...I lost the weight and *couldn't* do junk food anymore;  my treats became coffee on the way home or low calorie drinks like propel...I finally realized that the pattern started far earlier.  By second grade I was stopping by convenience stores on the way home from school.  Mostly because there wasn't much money as a kid;  if I scammed a nickel or dime from some classmates I could buy something which would not only be a rare thing but sometimes might be the only thing I had to eat between breakfast and dinner...There were a few lean years where the candy and snacks I bought (and sometimes stole) were the only thing I ate all day...But the *habit* persisted all of the way into adulthood.  To this very day...After my last divorce I switched to drinking at bars for my "on the way home" treat.  Not so much for the *drinking* part but for the social aspect of bars.  And boy has that been a problem...Because at first it was a drink or two at a bar on the way home from work while chatting with people...Then it was a drink or two at a second bar on the way home from the first bar; because maybe the first bar was boring and the second one might have promise.  Then it was a third bar.  And then three drinks per bar...All on the way home from work and do it all over again the next day.  Because I felt like I "deserved it"...But I don't deserve it; I don't deserve an evening barely remembered talking to other drunk people endlessly chasing the chimera of companionship.  And hundreds of dollars gone and feeling like crap the next day...Alcohol *became* the thing that made my days so bad that I felt like I needed a reward for making it through... And then I rewarded myself with what caused the problem on the first place...When I type that out the insanity of the vicious cycle is apparent.  Maybe it's been apparent to others for a long time...I'm not sure what I'm going to reward myself with.  I'm starting to think that I may need CBT to break that particular habit.  Or I need to change it into a reward that is truly rewarding...Hmmm...  I could use a new wardrobe one item at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

I respect your post and I thank you for sharing! It's not always easy to do. I'm not being a jerk by any means when I say this but I think you should reward yourself with one of the best gifts of all being sober! 
My reward on a daily basis is going to be sober. The new wardrobe is not going to last long if you choose to continue to get drunk e very night.
I have a tendency to want to reward myself too.  For me I think maybe it's because of my shitty childhood during which I never felt loved or cherished by my parents (both were terrible drunks) and those childhood impressions leave a very strong imprint...So rewarding myself is a kind of self-love for me...But as mentioned here letting go of the booze addiction being sober living life is absolutely best gift there is.
How about movies?  Or binge watching a TV show or reading?  Buy a book a week or subscribe to Netflix.  
