-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91qrvl/6_months_sober_and_still_sad/

I'm 6 months sober (alcoholic for 16 years) and i feel like every day I grieve the loss of alcohol. I wake up and remember I can't drink. I have dreams of drinking.  I just want to drink. I miss it. I miss the way it made me feel the confidence it gave me it's like alcohol gave me a personality for the first time. I've done outpatient therapy and have gone to meetings but I am still just so so sad.  Like I've lost a best friend.  Just want to see how long it took others to get over the sadness and just happily accept their choice ? Does this happen? My husband still drinks and I am constantly triggered daily so I'm sure this is NOT helping. I feel on the verge of relapse.  I just need support. Every day I'm an inch closer to saying fuck it!! Give me that bottle
----------immediate responses--------

I had this a little bit in the beginning. What I did to overcome this feeling was to remember and to focus at the bad things that happened to me because of being a drunk...You on the good way step by step you will get there!
I think it's totally fine to admit that there were things we enjoyed about drinking.  Heck if we didnt like the activity at some level we wouldnt have started and continued it.  ..There came a point for me though that the enjoyment became less and less and the harm became more and more.  My thinking became warped and I developed a mental addiction.   I often considered drinking an "activity" or "something to do."  Drinking is neither of those things however.  Drinking *prevented me* from doing things!  I was reminded of that when you wrote that drinking makes you feel confident.  Drinking doesnt make people feel confident.  It removes inhibitions.  A drunk driver gets behind the wheel not because he is confident he will get home safely but because alcohol overrides his rational judgement.  ..If confidence is something you feel is lacking in your life and it's giving rise to thoughts of using alcohol perhaps keep disputing the bad logic in your head of thinking alcohol making you confident.  Maybe pick up activities IRL that genuinely will boost your confidence.  Public speaking?  Open mic night?  A new sport?  Write a letter to the editor?  Get a degree?   Etc.    ..You can do it! 
Most of the time I'm over it. But still at 6 months (me too) I miss the fuck out of it sometimes. I think we just have to ride it out and know that drinking will make everything worse. ..My boyfriend still drinks so I get how hard it is to hold up while seeing someone near and dear "get to" do it all the time. Please don't say "fuck it". Not with booze anyway. Hang in there.
Have you tried some reading like This Naked Mind by Annie Grace?  I've found that reading and learning about sobriety and new ways to think really help me find motivation.  Currently I'm reading 30 Day Sobriety Solution it's really great and has me digging deep into why I even want to drink in the first place.  The longest I've made it has been 60 days but even after relapse I find myself coming back to sobriety quickly because of what I've learned about myself from reading and journaling.  May sound cheesy but it works for me.  I think for as long as we see a perceived benefit to drinking we will crave it so breaking down that self destructive pattern of thinking is important.  Hope this helps some and great job on 60 days that's amazing!!  Be proud!!
Have you tried exercise? That shit will help with sadness and it is really motivating to see your body change or feel your stamina grow.
It sounds like a course of CBT would suit you. 
You can stay strong! Sometimes it helps to play the scenario out in your head. What happens after the first drink? Where does it go? How do you feel the next day? Eventually I was drinking so much that the time I was "happy" (drunk) were so not worth the times I was miserable afterwards and the person I was becoming. ..I still miss drinking sometimes but remembering how I felt when I was drinking helps to a degree. Maybe talk to your husband about your feelings? It's really hard to keep sober when you're constantly triggered? When I was feeling particularly vulnerable my husband quit the alcohol to help...6 months is an amazing accomplishment and you can do it!!
