-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91ryho/im_here_1_year_sober_wow/

I've probably written this post over a thousand times in my mind but here I go this time for real. ..I'm super proud to tell you that today I celebrate one year of sobriety. One year since I quit drinking. ..For those that have spent any amount of time with me in the last 20 years know that drinking has been an integral part of everything I did.  To end something that was such a deep part of my identity (and sometimes still feels like it is) was no small feat. ..Lots of people in this last year have asked me why I stopped. In most cases I just shrugged it off saying I needed a break but it was more than that.  It wasn't a "hitting rock bottom" situation like stories you hear about... but things had gradually gotten out of hand. ..I remember a doctor's visit a few years back. I was pre-diabetic. Overweight. She knew my health was suffering. She asked me at what point in the day I began thinking about drinking. I figured people with drinking problems were people who drank every day and started before lunch. This was not me I was safe...So my pattern felt normal to me and most people in my circle would agree. ..But happy hours that were once a week turned into daily. 4:30 turned into 1:30. 2 beers turned into more than I'm ready to detail here. Safe to say it was all in the name of fun being social growing my business brainstorming blowing off steam cerebrating a win or numbing a loss. ..In time I had to drink more and more to catch the same buzz I was seeking. That's normal for most and I wore this tolerance like a badge of honor. ..Then one day last July sitting on a bar stool after a meeting for a philanthropy group (aka drinking club) I couldn't get drunk. No matter how much I drank. It wasn't working. I felt overweight ugly tired alone and sad. And that's when I decided I don't want this anymore. ..It still took me a few more weeks to work up the courage to stop. ..Sometimes people are put into your life for a reason. I met Anne Grace through a Mastermind I belong to.  As many of you know she wrote a book about controlling alcohol called This Naked Mind...Equipped with a fresh frame of mind and a new awareness something felt different about this time. ..This wasn't going to be a drinking hiatus like in the past. That somehow fit in-between my birthday your birthday major/minor holidays vacations good days at work bad days at work work trips business meetings friends visiting fundraisers weddings and Tuesdays.  I needed to relearn how to do all these things without alcohol. ..The biggest misconception about stopping drinking is that it is a single decision made once.  But in this last year I've had to choose sobriety over and over again. It feels like I've made the decision at least a million times.  ..I felt a lot of freedom in the first six months of not drinking. Like a weight had been lifted. (Some in the recovery community call this the pink cloud.) I especially felt this in situations where people were drinking around me. Some say they can't be around drinkers when seeking sobriety. For me it felt liberating. I never realized the burden that I carried during my drinking. Like many other things I was numb to it. What I'm talking about is the burden of how I was going to drive home convincing myself that I was ok the burden of feeling sick as I sobered up the burden of my words or behavior the burden of coming up with a creative story as to why I was not home when I should be the burden of hanging around people and situations that were no longer serving me and so many other things. ..I can't say that the feeling of liberation lasted. In the beginning the pride in abstaining was enough. But as the excitement around it faded I was left with the version of me that I had been numbing and escaping for so long. This is both awesome and incredibly scary at the same time. Drinking used to be my answer to the highest highs and the lowest lows. This is when my desire to drink again has been strongest. If there is one thing I've had to aspire to be grateful for it is the opportunity to face the lowest lows as my true self under my own power without alcohol. ..I don't know if this sounds dramatic to you.  Parts of me read what I just wrote and I think... Man others don't want to hear about my struggle because of what I have managed to achieve.  I've got it good. Don't complain. Others have it harder. Why am I making such a deal of this?..Maybe it's because from the outside I think everyone else has it together and doesn't have deep dark spots and I must somehow be alone. But it's not true. Everyone has a pit everyone suffers but few look into the pit and deal with it. We all have these moments and for me at least drinking delayed me dealing with the parts of my life that are not the way I want. I spent a lot of time avoiding it venting and obliterating myself on a barstool where I couldn't actually act on it. ..Even though there is still a lot of work to be done I have accomplished so much in this last year. ..There are the major milestones... I lost 45 lbs (because I stopped drinking long enough to find the keto diet) while not going to the gym even once. I read over 50 books.  I bought a new car. I built a new part of my business that is on track to reach 1 million in revenue on its own in the next few months and in the process directly helped over 600 entrepreneurs in their businesses and countless more indirectly.  ..And then there are the smaller things... I've never driven my Jeep drunk clothes that used to be my skinny clothing are too big now I wear a belt (because I have to) and my belly doesn't uncomfortably rub against it as I walk or sit down I don't wake up in the middle of the night thirsty my kids can sip from my cup without asking what's in it first my wife likes me a lot more I'm seeing more of the cool and funny things my kids are doing I know who my friends are I've explored new hobbies and rekindled old ones I've explored spirituality where I previously outright rejected it I haven't had a hangover in a year cured chronic medical ailments (I'll spare you the details TMI lol) and so many other things. ..I'm grateful for where I am today. I love the fact that I get to work on it more. ..I know what I'm doing is not for everyone. It's not the norm.  We live in a world where the person that's not drinking is the one with the drinking problem. So I'm still figuring out how to navigate situations and friendships where I've changed the way I'm playing the game. This has been among my toughest challenges.  Thank you for being patient with me. ..Is abstaining from drinking a "forever" thing? This is something I've asked myself over and over again this last year. And I still don't know the answer.  All I know is that as long as my intuition guides me this way it will be.  So I will not be drinking with you today. ..During the last year I've been asked so many questions by people curious about what I'm doing. There are many people that have pulled me aside to dig deeper and ask questions only to reveal that this is something they hope for themselves too. ..I certainly didn't aim to be a tour guide on this journey but if that's something you feel comfortable receiving from me PLEASE reach out. ..Or some might prefer to explore more on your own... Get Anne Grace's book (audio version is great too) and join her 30 day challenge is also an excellent starting point. I've been in this sub constantly and you all have offered me so much support in so many ways. Use this group of only to lurk and read posts. ..Alright. That's what I've got. Thank you for reading this. And most of all thank you for supporting me. ..To the stars light and all between. I love you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
I'm crying. I'm on my first day 3 and I'm highly emotional in a good way. Congratulations on your amazing accomplishment. I can relate to everything you said. I had to stop when I couldn't get drunk anymore either. You're the best for sharing this. 
Congrats and thanks for sharing your story!
Woohoo amazing! Congrats on your 1-year milestone! :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you so much for sharing all of this.  Incredible post!..I am so happy that you are doing so well and that you have grown so much in this year of sobriety.  I relate so much to what you wrote here.  Thank you and wishing you all the best!
Well done!
Great post. You're an inspiration!    
Congrats!! Your story is amazing thank you for sharing!
Well done you give people like me 5 days in hope that it can be done. I am feeling more positive this time but there is always that nagging doubt saying  but can it be done?' you have just proved that  yes' it can be done thanks
Thank you for sharing your story! I'm glad you realize you're not alone. Your story inspires me to keep going.
Congratulations!!!!! 
Good work.  My first year was the hardest year of my life in so many ways but mostly because I felt lost as a person because my entire identity was wrapped up in alcohol.  Fast forward to 4 years (July 12th) this year and my life is so much better - not perfect by any stretch - but so much better in every way.  Keep going to you and to all the others posting here - even if you are on week 1 or day 1 - keep going.  I made it - so can you.
Wow thank you for this write up truly inspiring
Well written sir!!!  I can relate very much.  Except for feeling liberated around drinkers thing during the first 6 months.  I have felt completely small and insecure and miserable.  I also have COMPLETELY unexpectedly been finding spirituality.   Indeed the black hole lives in all of us.  It's why we began the downward spiral of drinking in the first place but in the process we only fed it and increased its gravity.  Alcohol has been like a radioactive crutch.  Helping us along through certain scenarios but continuously poisoning our core.  I'm happy for you!  That's pretty rad that you met Annie.  IWNDWYT.  Hare Krishna!
You covered a lot of topics I ask myself every day.  Thank you for writing it down.  Love to you man!
Thank you for sharing your story. I have shared a lot of the feelings that you put down in this post within the last year or so. I needed a little inspiration today and this was just what I needed. Thanks so much.
Congratulations!!
Thanks for the post. I can relate to the many points you mentioned. I'm looking forward to making it where you are. IWNDWYT!
Great post and congrats!
THANK YOU FOR SHARING THIS! I am back at day 1 and needed to read this.
Thank you! I've saved this to read again when things get tough. IWNDWYT 
Awesome post. Thank you and congrats on 365 days!
Inspiring! Congratulations!!!
Congratulations! That's truly inspiring! Also thanks for the book recommendation.  
YESSS   Happy 1 year to you! Your post is so inspiring. You motivate me and I'm sure many others in this sub. ..THANK YOU SO MUCH! You're awesome..IWNDWYT  
&gt; in this last year I've had to choose sobriety over and over again..Great sentence and post.  Thank you and congrats 
Thank you for your story. So much of this is where I was only nine days ago and so much of this is where I want to be a year from now. ... ..*"I'm still figuring out how to navigate situations and friendships where  I've changed the way I'm playing the game. This has been among my  toughest challenges."* My biggest challenge and fear rests with this thought. My wife and I were talking today about my not-drinking and how it is going to be viewed and received by our network of friends. We have a highly social life---temporarily on hiatus during the summer as everyone vacations hither and yon---but it will be back with a vengeance shortly. I was rehearsing with her today how I'm going to navigate these situations: the questions and inquiries the demands to loosen up etc. How does one go from being the life of the party to abstinence---and manage to survive? I'm certainly not going to make any overt declarations but it is going to come up and I'm not sure how it's going to be perceived. For reference: a month ago "our group" of 7 couples all traveled out-of-town one weekend to attend a 40th birthday party for one of the pack. Black tie dinners swanky lunches champagne brunches and on and on. The first nights dinner consisted of the majority of the men getting blind drunk to the point where people were falling down and repeating the same actions on night two. Even while I was right there with them I couldn't help but think that this is insanity. These are all successful people and the behavior was so ridiculously over-the-top that the I saw the servers and bartenders filling drink orders with plain soda or tonic just to alleviate the madness. These evenings become badges of honor in the retelling and I don't see where my sobriety is going to fit in. Scares me. Having said that it sure helps to read your post and know that you---and everyone else here---is battling the same situations and fighting back the same demons. It provides me a sense of relief and also gives me hope. I hope I'm writing a similar story in 356 Days. 
Hey cool we share the same sobriety day. Congrats man. Sounds like you're in a really good place. You should be very proud.
Thank you for posting this. Congratulations.
Congratulations!!!  That's a fantastic accomplishment and one that I hope to copy!!!
Congratulations! I usually skim the long posts but couldn't stop until the end of yours. Well written and inspiring! Thank you   ..IWNDWYT 
Great post and congrats on one year!!
Thanks so much for sharing this. Extremely well written. Can really see the thought you put into this. Wish I could have heard this from you in person!  Congrats on your 1 year.  
Posts like this help keep me on track and remind me I am not alone. Thank you and congratulations!!
Congratulations    
I really like your story. Congratulations on 1 year! P.S. If there is one piece of advice I can give 1 year and 8 months in it's exactly what you said don't focus on forever. Live your journey one day at a time and make sure to reflect often on how things are easier/ have changed for you since you chose sobriety. 
congratulations on one year.  hopefully I will be able to join you in another half a year or so. ..Best of luck going forward.
Thank you for sharing very insightful. 
Congratulations on 1 year! I hope to join you 6 months from now. 
I passed 6 months recently and can relate to much of what you have shared. It's a confusing painful but rewarding journey and I wouldn't have it any other way. I will not drink with you today. 
Congratulations!!! 
Well done sir...I had a couple weeks under my belt then i got on klonopin. Took about literally  100 of them in the first five days...Stories like yours are important. Keep it going.
WAHOO. Nice one. IWNDWYT...I LOVE no hangovers. 
Unreal.  So inspiring.  Thank you for this.
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing that. What an awesome testimony to sobriety...I will not drink with you today
Congrats! ..What you said about having to make a decision a million times really resonated with me. That's so much the case. 
Great post. Congratulations on one year!
Congratulations and well done! It sounds like the new sober you is kicking ass.
Congratulations!  What a wonderful milestone.  I'm far from one year but well on my way.  I am probably enjoying the "pink cloud" but it is messages like this that will help me to sustain.  IWNDWYT!
Thank you for this! I really struggled today and your wisdom helped. 
First congratulations on 1 year I am so incredibly happy for you!..Second thank you for this excellent post. Sharing the good and also the bad (contrary to what you hint at) is so helpful for those of us who are not as far down this path. It shows that there is in fact a light at the end of it that no matter how bad it might get or how much of a struggle it is that there are better things on the other side.
Wow it's like I was telling my story right with you - crazy how we are not always as different as we think sometimes. So proud of you and looking forward to my 1 year! IWNDWYT 
This post speaks volumes to me. Thank you for sharing your story. Like you I didn't have a rock bottom moment but just a growing and serious chronic drinking. I totally relate to looking at the clock and wondering if it was now appropriate to open the first bottle of wine. Could go through two on my on on a weekend day. .I also read This Naked Mind and it changed the way I think about alcohol. I am a serial abstained and relapser currently on 20 days and this time feels different. .I really needed to here a story so similar to min tonight. .Thank you again. 
Congratulations!
Congratulations on one year!  It took hard work and struggle to get here I know.  Don't compare your bottom to others.  It was your bottom.  It takes what it takes and those of us who have gone lower are grateful that some don't have to go as low.  But remember those are YET's for you.  You don't have to experience them but they're out there still..Proud of you. Enjoy this 365th day with your head held high. IWNDWYT
Woohoo congrats!
Amazing job! I hope to be where you are in 358 days. Thanks for the real insight. IWNDWYT
Way to go!!!! I'm only on 2 weeks. Congrats
Way to go!  After saying that I was not going to drink for a year on July 8th I relapsed on Sunday and drank three days in a row..Even if you're not an raging alcoholic it's so hard to give up booze..There's a mental and emotional connection to alcohol that you don't even realize is there until you quit..Today I started my one year sobriety AGAIN and started listening to  This Naked Mind  podcast.  Glad you brought that up in the post!.You've given me the courage and I thank you that..I can do this regardless of peer pressure in social settings job stress medical issues while cooking (repeat patterns) boredom etc!  You get the idea!    
Saving this - so amazing !!!! I can feel your joy!!!!
That's a great achievement
This is an incredible post - thank you and my heartfelt congratulations on your first year. This has helped me no question.  And others too. 
Wow made my day!
Annie Grace's This Naked Mind is the best.  She has helped so many people including myself.   Will you stay on the keto diet long term or is it just until you get to the weight you want?  I've found the pounds melted off of me just from staying away from the booze.  I don't miss the booze bloat that's for sure!  Thanks for sharing your amazing year.  I won't drink with you today. 
So well written thank you so much for sharing it - I so identified with your story. ..I will not drink with you today!
Comgrats a year is a huge achievement
