-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91rzk4/7_months_sober_and_its_not_all_awesome_its_mostly/

I'm pretty much experiencing most of the PAWS symtoms the one that scares me the most is ANHEDONIA. I've basically lost my ability to have fun. Nothing pumps me up right now :-(...#1   UNSTABLE AND UNPREDICTABLE MOODS.One of the most frequently noted symptoms of PAWS and part of why this syndrome is often mistaken for depression are major and uncontrollable swings in mood. This can happen intermittently in episodes that can last anywhere from a few days to a few weeks before disappearing again. Sometimes those suffering from PAWS who are experiencing these mood swings can appear to be exhibiting an undiagnosed bipolar disorder...#2   SYMPTOMS OF DEPRESSION.The most affecting of these changes in mood are depressive symptoms in which individuals experience an extreme and overt melancholy that can feel like an anchor tied around their necks. These symptoms can last only minutes or linger for days with no apparent trigger behind them. This can be an understandable source of frustration and even cause a relapse...#3   EXPERIENCING ANXIETY OR PANIC ATTACKS.While depression is at one end of the mood-swing scale anxiety and panic attacks are at the other. While these anxious feelings can be triggered by cravings and a reduced ability to handle stressors similar to the depressive symptoms there is no outside motivator required to cause anxiety or even something as severe as a panic attack...#4   ANHEDONIA.Anhedonia is a term used to describe a condition in which someone has lost either partially or entirely the ability to experience pleasure. Anhedonia goes much further than just a loss of interest in activities and pursuits someone previously enjoyed and is often described by those experiencing it as the feeling that their ability to enjoy almost anything has been switched off. A typical symptom of withdrawal those with PAWS are likely to suffer longer and more extreme bouts of Anhedonia losing interest in not only hobbies or socializing but also in relationships sexual activity and even basic desires like eating...#5   STRONG DRUG CRAVINGS.Even if it is not the most common perhaps the most expected symptom of PAWS are cravings for the substance that the individual was previously dependent on. While these cravings will eventually fade in strength they can still sometimes persist for long periods of time after someone has achieved sobriety. Cravings can be extremely problematic either serving as a trigger for other symptoms of Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome or putting an individual at risk of a relapse...#6   POOR COORDINATION AND CLUMSINESS.Individuals experiencing Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome will often exhibit a general loss of physical coordination including dizziness slowed reflexes poor balance and issues with hand-eye coordination. Because of this they will often be seen tripping or bumping into things dropping things or spilling food or drinks. Apart from simply being the manifestation of another PAWS symptom a secondary reason behind this lack of coordination is distraction caused by comorbid feelings of depression and disinterest...#7   DIFFICULTY FALLING ASLEEP.Similar to becoming clumsier due to being distracted by feelings of depression those suffering from PAWS will also usually have a great deal of difficulty getting to sleep at night. This can be due to feelings of anxiety and restlessness as well as a lack of stimuli to keep them from focusing on the negative psychological symptoms that are characteristic of Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome...#8   SLEEP DISTURBANCES.Unfortunately even once someone experiencing PAWS manages to fall asleep they're unlikely to stay that way. Individuals will often have their sleep interrupted either from withdrawal cravings unusually vivid and unpleasant dreams or altered sleeping patterns causing them to wake up for no particular reason. Because of these disturbances people with PAWS will often oscillate between going as long as several days without sleeping to sleeping for days at a time once their exhaustion has caught up with them...#9   INABILITY TO CONCENTRATE OR THINK CLEARLY.Similar to the loss of coordination those with PAWS can have difficulty focusing or thinking clearly due to the distraction from cravings or feelings of intense depression. The lack of sleep can also cause them to struggle with concentration creating a vicious cycle as their minds' inability to focus on something other than the negative feelings manifested by PAWS is part of what makes sleep seem so impossible. It becomes quite difficult to concentrate for anyone experiencing Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome...#10   THOUGHTS OF SUICIDE OR SUICIDE ATTEMPTS.If the depressive symptoms of post-acute-withdrawal syndrome have become frequent and severe enough they can progress to a stage where the individual can begin to have suicidal thoughts or ideations and may even make an attempt to commit suicide. If this is the case professional help should be immediately sought to ensure the individual's safety and help to treat them. Thoughts of or attempts at suicide should always be taken seriously...#11   INCREASED SENSITIVITY TO STRESS.As part of post-acute-withdrawal syndrome individuals often become extremely vulnerable to stress and situations that might provoke feelings of stress. Like a raw nerve or an exposed wound even the smallest contact with a stressful situation can be enough to overwhelm them and cause an outburst. These symptoms are only magnified by the presence of mood swings and an increased vulnerability to panic attacks...#12   INCREASED SENSITIVITY TO PAIN.In addition to becoming more sensitive to stress and anxiety individuals experiencing post-acute-withdrawal syndrome will also frequently exhibit increased sensitivity to physical pain. While it decreases a person's capacity to feel joy PAWS can conversely heighten their capacity for pain making even the most negligible injuries feel excruciatingly painful...#13   INTENSIFIED EMOTIONS.While the symptoms of depression and Anhedonia can make those suffering from PAWS feel numb or empty inside the other extreme is also possible: namely an intense overflow of emotional feelings. Individuals with Post-acute-withdrawal syndrome will often exhibit the most extreme level of any given emotion. This can mean becoming overly excitable when happy or excessively confrontational when angry which can occur in very close proximity to each other if the individual is also experiencing sudden shifts in mood.
----------immediate responses--------

7 months in also and I feel like I'm experiencing this too.  I too was wondering how long it lasted! 
Sorry to hear you've hit a rough patch!..PAWS is horrible while it's going on all you can really do is keep looking after yourself as best you can and trust that in time it will go away.....I started to feel quite a bit better around the 9-10 month mark so hopefully if you can grit your teeth and keep going for another few weeks things will get better for you too!..Keep us posted.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Exercise diet CBT meditation mindfulness vitamins etc have helped somewhat...For me (emphasis on me) medication has helped the most.  I wasn't making any progress until I found a medication that worked...AA and NA meetings have been by far the most helpful thing for anxiety and depression.  Attending 1-2 meetings per day forces me to get out of the house and interact with people...I'm not a PAWS expert but I've probably spent over 100 hours researching it.
Yup. Today entered my 4-th month and experiencing them for mont and a half. They come and go periodically. Good is that they are less severe and shorter. Hold on you are on a good path. After one year mark should be much better.
I am glad that you posted this. I read about how wonderful sobriety is and how it just gets "better and better" (from  sanctimoniousbastard - 17349 days) and I think "No it's bloody hard miserable work".  ..The only thing that stops me from going back to drinking is the horror of how hard this process has been and therefore how badly alcohol had affected me. That combined with a desire never to have to go through this again. ..It seems like a long trudge with the hope of better to come. ..Why is this the unspoken secret...To be fair if someone had told me during the first two weeks that it would still be shit six months later I would have gone to the pub...You can't go under it you can't go over it and you can't go around it. You just have to go through it. One day at at time. 
For me I had a similar experience. AA helped me solve this problem. Possibly it can help you also. .
Thank you for posting this.  I'm feeling (or not feeling) all of it.  ..I don't know what to do right now.  I exercise at least 5 times a week I eat very healthy I take vitamins and supplements I go to bed at a decent hour I journal I read I go to meetings and just last week I started feeling like complete crap.  I don't want to get out of bed I don't want to socialize I don't want to be intimate with my partner I don't want to do ANYTHING and I am tired 24/7.  Hoping this resolves itself quickly because it's awful but I'm also going to my Dr. next week.  ..I hope you start to feel better friend.
I feel like I'm at max brain fog right now and it's terrible. The suicidal thoughts and depression I have a plan for and know how to deal with them by now but this goddamn brain fog is insufferable.
Thank you for posting this. I have every symptom and have been suffering from this for 4 years. My situation is a little different and I hope that by sharing it others will recognize themselves and not feel so alone. I was put on Xanax at 20. By the time I was 24 I was on the maximum dose my Doctor would prescribe. Which was 2MGs 4 x a day. I was on this dose for over 20 years. He retired 4 years ago. I went to about 20 Doctors and not one would prescribe a benzo. I was having to make frequent trips to the E.R for seizures and slipping in and out of psychotic states. The Psychosis would appear after 2 to 3 nights without sleeping. All the Doctors I saw including the E.R Doctor just saw me as a drug seeker wanting to get high. I finally found a Doctor that prescribes me 3 MGs of Klonopin a day. All it does it lessen the severity of my problems. It has prevented seizures and psychosis but I still have all the symptoms listed and rapid heartbeat combined with high blood pressure. I do sometimes take more than I am prescribed in order to leave my home and attend family functions. I have told my Psychiatrist all this. I pour my heart out to him about my constant fear low self-worth my not wanting to live like this and he says nothing. He just refills my Klonopin and Prozac and I am shuffled out of his office. He said he has never heard of Paws. I do not know where to turn. I hate that other people are going through this but I am happy to know that I am not alone and that there is a name for what I have. I have true sympathy for anyone going through this and I hope you all get proper care for it.
