-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/921izx/sobriety_podcasts/

Hey does anyone know of any good sobriety podcasts that are worth listening to? I love listening to the AA speaker tapes on YouTube despite not really digging the whole AA scene myself. Something about hearing other people's struggles/stories when I'm in a  fuck it' mood really brings my head back around knowing that it would be a bad idea. ..Many Thanks..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

'Recovery Elevator' is good and of course the 'This Naked Mind' podcasts which are fab!..If you like AA speakers on YouTube make sure you listen to the shares from Anthony Hopkins and Craig Ferguson they're hilarious.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Cheers man hadn't heard of either so will give them a go. I was trying to find my favourite AA speaker tape the other day but I have forgotten the guys name he's a pretty big AA speaker and was famously Matthew Perry's sponsor. If anyone knows it would be appreciated! 
The audio on This Naked Mind is rough at times.  I think she only uses one mic so during interviews she can be impossible to hear...Take A Break with Rachel Hart has been my favorite so far.  She doesn't do interviews like the others.  She just discusses a topic each week.
I'd be curious to hear about some good ones too. I've listened a bit to Laura McKowen and Holly Winters on "Home" and Laura McKowen and Meadow DeVor on "Spiritual-ish." Both are OK once you get into the meat of the topic but they seem to have about 20 minutes of filler chit-chat at the front end that can get old. I'm a Point A to Point B Phoenix by sundown kind of listener though. So if anyone can recommend a podcast that bangs it out with minimal fluff I'm all ears. I think Annie Grace's is good in that respect.
I really like The Bubble Hour interesting personal stories and guests. 
Joe Rogan has a couple of good episodes on sobriety one with SteveO and one with Russell Brand where they discuss their journey to/on sobriety. I liked those a lot. And second and thirds-ing anyone who mentions Craig Fergusons opening monologue re: Brittney Spears I still listen to that when I need a pick me up. ..Cheers! 
Second the Recovery Elevator and This Naked Mind recommendations...I also like Real Talk Radio with Nicole Antoinette - not just about sobriety but she does a lot of in depth interviews with people in recovery.
I love the Mental Illness Happy Hour which is primarily about... mental Illness but the addiction stories abound.
Kevin O'Hara's Alcohol Mastery YouTube helped me change my attitude toward drinking for the better.
I like Since Right Now Home Recovery Elevator and Mental Illness Happy Hour. SHAIR and the Bubble Hour are good too although I don't listen often.
Www.soberpod.com - one of our esteemed r/sd members is one half of the team I find it very entertaining and informative :)
