-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/925p8c/it_was_just_a_somersby_can/

I'm not sure what the point of this is but last time i came to this sub to thought dump it ended up being a really positive experience for me. ..I had 13 days clean then relapsed now I'm back on my feet at day 6. Last night i was hanging at my girlfriend's and i noticed earlier in the day that she had a half empty can of somersby in her fridge. I asked her if it was gonna keep. She said "I'm not sure." We thought nothing of it until later in the night when she saw it again and asked if she could drink the rest of it so it wouldn't go bad and if I would be ok while it was happening.  ..I remembermy entire throat closing and breathing being impossible. I make an effort to not force my girlfriend to be sober on my account because this is very much my journey and my sacrifice and not something I ever want to enforce onto other people around me. I wanted so badly to just say yes. Cause its half a somersby can. Not even the lightest of lightweights could get a buzz off that. But i couldn't force a single word out of my mouth. I managed a nod but she said Then no. I don't want it. Your entire demeanor changed. No."..I got angry. So so angry at myself that I was policing my girlfriend's drinking just because i couldn't handle it. So we got into a fight about it. I screamed at her to just drink it and not waste it and she kept saying no. We fought with the fridge door cause I needed to prove to myself that I could handle watching her drink it. I managed to get it out of the fridge and give it to her but she poured it down the drain and crushed the can and threw it away. ..Then I lost it. I crumbled onto her kitchen floor and bawled my eyes out screaming that it was just a fucking somersby and it couldn't hurt me. And i said a bunch of other shit that my girlfriend could leave me if she wanted. She didn't have to deal with this shit if she didn't want to. What a peaceful life she could live smoking and drinking with her friends on a regular normal girl-in-her-twenties basis cause she wouldn't have my dumb ass to worry about or cater to. She kept telling me no. I was assuming things about her; assuming she was making some kind of sacrifice for me when in reality she was just trying to help me. ..I think i cried on her floor for a half hour borderline hysterical. I'd never felt so low so pathetic because even looking back on I know its just a half a can. Its just a can. But for that moment it wasn't just a can. It was another failure for me in being mentally ok in this journey. It was another fucking hurdle i couldn't jump over. She stayed with me the entire time holding me reassuring me that i would be ok suggesting I talk to more people struggling through a similar journey so I knew that things like this happen and it was totally ok. ..I'm forever grateful she stayed. We're ok and so is our relationship. We havent't ever fought to the point of screaming at each other like we did. She apologized for asking about the somersby even though I really don't think she should have to because she didn't do anything wrong but she insisted. ..I guess i just needed to tell someone this happened. Is it normal to have such a breakdown in the early days? Do they keep happening? Have any of you ever had an experience like this where something so small cut you so deeply? ..And is there something I can tell my girlfriend about ways she can help me through this? She really really wants to help and support me as much as she can but not recovering and not needing to herself she finds she's at a loss. I can't think of anything to tell her either cause I barely know the first thing about recovering. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back Jeff!..I'm happy to hear that you have a supportive girlfriend that makes a huge difference...Perhaps she would be interested in AlAnon?..Wishing you the best :)..
I totally get it. It's just part of strengthening your mind. You're lucky you have a girlfriend who is supportive! I'm on day 4 and my husband does not care if him still drinking bothers me in fact he tries to encourage me to drink with him. It's why I have failed all previous attempts at quitting. So this time I've decided this is my journey alone. On day 2 I watched him hit the bottle all night. We're not beer drinkers we are liquor drinkers. He offered me a shot and told me it was cool since I skipped a day. But you know what I had already made my mind up and politely told him no. And as I watched him get loaded I felt content bc I knew that was not where I wanted to be. And it didn't bother me. What my hope is is that he'll see me happy without it and want to try to stop on his own too. If not he'll have a DD now lol ..I know it's hard but I think there will come a point when you'll be comfortable with her drinking and it won't bother you. Or maybe she'll choose to abstain with you! Goodluck! 
I was lucky in that my partner didn't have a drink for the first month of my sobriety and then drank things I didn't like anyway (stout disgusting. Although I would have drunk it if there was nothing else). In the early days of sobriety emotions are all over the place I was more irritable things upset me more than normal. I read somewhere on this sub that alcohol changes brain chemistry so when you stop drinking your brain starts to rewire itself again. If you look at it this way emotional outbursts are actually a sign your brain is getting better :) it's great to hear your gf is being so supportive. I found having my bf to talk to when I was feeling low or feeling like I'd hit a milestone was really important. Just talking about my drinking to him helped me see that I made the right decision. Also hearing positive feedback about how well I was doing and how much happier he was helped a lot. We arranged things to do that didn't include drinking and decided to save money for a nice holiday which gave us a shared goal (he drinks hardly at all now). 
That's a pretty full on story but yeah I can relate. Especially in the first few weeks of sobriety I would get real uptight about my S/Os drinking/smoking and we had a few rows. 
To me it sounds like this was about shame. You didn't get randomly upset over half a can. You confronted shame and released some of that pain and it was really hard and confusing and you got through it. ..I think you're doing what you're supposed to do feeling difficult things head-on and being as brave as you are. There's no map for this. But you're not broken you're healing. Growing. And it sounds like your partner simply wants to support that--she seems trustworthy to me. I won't drink with you today. 
[removed]
I'm no psychologist but someone who is so in tune with the hows and whys of their feelings like you are will no doubt win this battle. .Your girlfriend sounds like she understands you more than you may give her credit for. Let her be there for you. She's with you for a reason.
Early sobriety is an emotional MESS. I can relate to this situation with my boyfriend and him tip-toeing around my sobriety.. to them it's seen as helping and to us we view it as our failures.. I thought that if I couldn't handle someone drinking around me that it pointed out how  weak  I was around booze. The reality is that we aren't weak if we can't handle people drinking around us in sobriety. It's protection of your sobriety. Let her not drink if it will make her feel better and I think if you let her maybe make some sacrifices and accept the kind gesture she is willing to give it can be a positive thing for a relationship. It has been for my own relationship. .6 months into being sober I can now say that I cringe less and less around my parents or others drinking. The uncomfortable feeling is still lurking though. I'm always careful and guarded around alcohol because it can make my emotions go wild. But in the beginning I didn't enjoy it at all. .Best of luck on your sobriety :) 
I would suggest that she go to Al-Anon to learn about codependency and boundary issues. I think that you should try AA to get a bit of a handle on your disease and recovery.
