-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/928cnd/looking_for_encouraging_words/

It's been nearly 4 years (will be in October) since my last drink. My girlfriend (let's call her R) hit one year on June 15th. Well one of R's friends is getting married this September. This friend of hers turned her back on R in her greatest time of need of few years back and since then R has been heartbroken about it. ..Fast forward to two months ago. R's friend invites her to join her bachelorette weekend which happens to tonight through Sunday. It's two states away. Well of course R wants to go. She wants so desperately to reconnect with this friend which I completely understand. I of course expressed my concern. The main concerns being all the drinking that will be going on being two states away and the fact that whenever she and I go out to dinner or just to get out of the house she makes comments about how she wishes she could drink responsibly.  ..If it were here in town I wouldn't be all that concerned because if she felt the urge to drink or felt pressured to drink she could just leave. That's not the case especially considering she didn't drive herself there. ..I do want to point out that she hasn't relapsed yet and that this has been her first go round at quitting drinking. So her will has been strong. R has built this weekend up so much in her mind as a way to reconnect with her friend. I'm afraid she's going to be disappointed when it doesn't go as she hopes and she says  fuck it  and joins in on the drinking part of the festivities. ..I guess what I want advice on is what do you guys think about this? Do you think my concerns are warranted? What do I do if she does drink? I've got a 3.5 year old daughter (the second main reason I gave up booze first reason being myself) and I don't want her exposed to alcoholic behavior and the aftermath of a binge. ..I really appreciate any and all advice you guys may offer. .
----------immediate responses--------

I can absolutely understand why you'd be worried and stressed about this. New activities sober can be really hard for us. ..I try my best to worry about what's in front of me and not "future trip". I have this tendency to really catastrophize things in my mind. I'll say that 99% of the time those anxieties I build up in my mind don't come true. I've wasted a bunch of energy and become stressed and irritated about something that didn't happen. ..I don't want to invalidate your concerns. If you are worried about this event and other things about your relationship in sobriety for the both of you Al Anon might be worth checking out. They have meetings in-person and a sub at r/alanon. They're a program for people with loved ones who are alcoholics. There are plenty of alcoholics in recovery in those rooms too. 
Of course you have the right to be concerned! I would let R go to reconnect.  As long as she's honest and communicates  with what happened.  I don't see a problem.  While drinking might be a problem but if you never give "r" a chance to prove herself in the realtionship you might never know. It's a: "hold on loosely...  if you hold on too tightly you'll loose control" in my eyes....  
First good for you and her on your commitment to sobriety!  ..As I'm sure you know your sobriety is you and only you.  Nobody forces it down your throat.  Think of yourself if you went out to a bachelor party.  If you are confident about your sobriety you will not drink because you know where it leads.  If your girl is anything like you mentally she knows the reasons why she doesn't drink.  ..Now let's say she does give into temptation and goes on a crazy bender... She will wake up feeling like hell and hopefully use it as a learning experience that she can't moderate she loses control she feels like hell and it isn't right for her.  She will feel horrible for letting you down herself down and flushing that year down the drain.   . She may go back to drinking for a time but she knows the problem isn't going away and she will then quit again.  ..It is normal for you to worry about her.  Remember it is their journey not yours.  They are the ones that need to learn need to accept.  Sometimes failure is part of the solution.
First you are not responsible for her sobriety.   You've got enough on your hands managing your own sobriety. ..And I get the feeling she's about to learn the lesson most of us have had to learn &amp; relearn several times over.   The upside might be she discovers all the things she romanticizes about alcohol just aren't there.   That's what I discovered anyway.  It made staying on the wagon a lot easier after that last relapse. ..You can set your terms though.   If you fall you can't come back into the house with [daughter] until you're under control.  ..And frankly until she resolves this relationship thing herself it's going to play on her mind.  And you don't want to be blamed for preventing R coming to some sort of resolution about it...(Frankly if somebody stiffed me like that I'd had written them off the next day.)....
Have faith that she will stay the course. Tell her to call you if at any point she feels tempted. Give her some tools to help her cope with the situation. In the end only you an be in charge of your sobriety and she of hers. You CAN be supportive and encouraging however.
