-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9295rr/so_disappointed/

So many good things have happened to me since I started my journey. Most recently I got a HUGE promotion at my job. ..Obviously this was a cause to celebrate. The sad thing is I got the job 3 weeks ago. Initially my wife and I celebrated by opening a bottle of nice wine over the weekend.  I figured I'd be okay with a glass or two. Besides I earned it!..I drank my two glasses of wine. Then I finished hers. Then we went out to buy some nice scotch. Then we stopped on our way home for margaritas because  woohoo! Celebration! ..Since then I've gone through 3 handles of whiskey 2 24 packs of beer multiple bottles of wine and a lot of shame. But today....today I stopped. Back to being strict. I really believed I'd be okay with going back to just a  once in a while  relationship with booze but what an insane binge I've been on that proves otherwise. ..I know I have to get my shit together before this new role but I'm just shocked at how quickly this went south. I was on almost 90 days clean before this and now I'm on a 23 day binge. It's so embarrassing and frustrating. Nonetheless here I am. I love reading all the stories and it helps me realize I'm not alone in this struggle...Thanks to everyone in this community. I know I've said this like 15 times in the last year or so (and have broken my promise countless times) but I will not drink with you today!..
----------immediate responses--------

Every day you don't drink is a victory. ..Enjoy sobriety again but do it guilt-free. We're only human we falter we rise anew. 
At least you acknowledge you can't even have a sip. That's a great start. It took me a long time to realize this. I would always go a few weeks/months then just find some excuse to get drunk then go on a bender for months. I'm 8 days in and feeling hopeful. Hope you have a great sober weekend friend!
Thanks for this! You sound strong... I am really feeling your words. 23 days? Is it that the alcohol just takes over? Like after the two glasses of wine in celebration why did it become more? Just asking. I'm still struggling with low energy and self esteem but I'm so thankful for the time I have off alcohol that I want to do everything I can to be clean forever. I hear that 'one drink' thing and I just want to know how it happens. ....Still - I'd like to think that I'd remain as honest and determined as you are....Thanks again
You're back and not drinking right now.  That's a victory!
Hiya! Welcome back. You can do this. IWNDWYT:-)
I did 30 days sober and then went on a 2 and a half month drinking spree. One drink opens the door to wanting all of the drinks for me. I had a lot of day ones trying to get on track. 16 days for me today I am feeling great and am happy to be back on track. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
It's not how many times you get knocked down...It's how many times you get up *having learned from the experience* and carry on.
Welcome back! The failure isn't in falling it's in not getting up again. I will not drink with you today! 
