-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92bvas/good_luck_to_all_of_you/

I'm posting this because I want to see how many days i've had my last hangover. It should be nearly a year now I lost the count. ..If you still struggling to stop drinking please read this subreddit EVERY day. That's what helped me in the first place ; today booze is like gazoline to me. The smell itself disgust me. .One day you'll be able to say you've seen hell with your own eyes. There is always hope. ..I won't drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

There is always hope. Thank you for sharing IWNDWYT 
I like that line... sort of like cigarettes. Yu could not pay me enough to have an inhale today.  How do yu get to this stage?? Or did it just kind of happen?? 
I love this post! Drinking can be so dark.  My nose is ultra sensitive to the smell of alcohol now and it's gross.
I'm starting to see it as disgusting. This Naked Mind has been very helpful but I am also taking Naltrexone and Topomax. Either way on day 69 I'm finding I have no cravings and am really seeing alcohol for the poison it is. I have anxiety issues and man have they diminished since I stopped drinking. I don't hear it a lot on here but I just want to remind people that there have been major advances in neuroscience and medicine over the past 25 years and if cravings are a problem talking to an addiction specialist can be a breath of fresh air. ..I'm not advocating everyone take medication....hell I'm not even sure if that's what's working (placebo?) but it's something that's out there and I truly do not crave or want alcohol. I've gone to bars weddings parties and had mocktails and sodas and water and holy crap I can't believe I just wrote that!..I got plastered for 20 years and would drink heavy drinkers under the table. And now I literally don't want it and am kind of scared and disgusted by it. What a 180. Sobriety is so refreshing I can't believe it. I thought it would be such a drag. THE. EXACT. OPPOSITE!..Sorry for the wall of text I'm just happy you posted this because people who are on the edge need to hear this: sobriety doesn't suck! I really wasn't expecting that but it's true. And a lot of people are perfectly fine with folks who don't drink so don't let your personal social bubble convince you otherwise!...IWNDWYT! 
IWNDWYT!
"like piss" I am looking forward to that day.
Thank you :)
I feel much the same way as you. I have not had any medication but have been listening to the audiobook versions of This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained over and over and it is insane how my view of alcohol has changed with absolutely minimal effort on my part. There is some voodoo stuff going on in those books! 
it still feels like it's only been a few months since I've stopped it's been over 2 years now.....
Not only did I see hell with my own eyes I was living in it. Thank god I was able to crawl out and I hope I never go back. Good luck to all of us and IWNDWYT!!!
Thank you for sharing. I am just starting my journey into sober land and was recommended to check this subreddit out. Right now I feel ashamed that I cannot control my drinking. The longest I've gone without drinking was 4 weeks after I ended up in the hospital in March but the excuses in my head tried to rationalize that I am stronger now and I can only have one drink. But I know that's a lie an excuse. I now am choosing that I must and have to live soberly in order for my health and and successful life. Back to day 1 today but I am looking forward to feeling like myself again.
Love your post. I hated reading it during the weekend...I had bad withdrawls and went to the emergency room one weekend and they refused to give me treatment for hallucinations caused by dehydration and alcohol saying there was nothing they could do until I got sober and knew I wouldn't drink again...Spent 3 nights with no sleep until I could see my primary and he helped in an instant.  Put me on a benzo and I was clean for a few weeks...Illness in the family and saw a drink.  Contemplated for a half hour but finally caved.  Here I am 2 weeks later pouring down 20 oz of hard stuff a day...If I hadn't had a bad experience with the er and my crippling concern regarding the horror stories of detox here I'd quit again because of this post.  But I am too scared to start on a weekend.  ..I hate alcohol.  .....
