-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92dh0e/pregameshouse_party_drink_substitutes/

So I am almost a month sober now and finally becoming more comfortable with my sobriety. I have always struggled with social anxiety and used alcohol as a way to loosen me up so that I could carry on conversations like they were easy peasy to me. I have no problem going to the bar sober because I have done that a handful of times and I always ordered a soda water with a lime just so I wouldn't feel uncomfortable not having a drink in my hand. I am a little nervous because this weekend I have a bonfire to go to where everyone will be drinking. My question is this:..What are some substitute drink suggestions that I can bring to pregames and alcohol functions that aren't at the bar? ..I like la croix and will sometimes pour that in a wine glass but I feel like it would be kinda weird to bring 6 la croix to a house party lol
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I feel like it would be kinda weird to bring 6 la croix to a house party lol..Why would that be weird? It's only weird if you make it weird!!..Bring whatever you like to drink that isn't alcohol and to hell with whatever anyone else thinks.....Sticking to 'Dry People and Dry Places' is the alternative - spending time surrounded by drunk people becomes pretty tedious very quickly.....Best of luck and keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I'll bring ginger beer or mojito mix and over ice like a cocktail ..Booze free obviously but not something I drink everyday so feels like I'm  partying  kinda..You can usually get a ginger beer out at restaurants/bars too
ICB root beer looks a lot like a beer bottle if you are looking to blend in.  Though I prefer their cream soda if I was picking for flavor...If you want to be discreet Mio fits in your pocket.  Then you can use seltzer if they have it or water if they don't.  Add your Mio flavor and you have your drink...Personally I would fill my 2 gallon dispenser with homemade Arnold Palmer (iced tea &amp; lemonade) because I am not discreet about what I like to drink.
Why do you feel that you need to drink out of a wine glass? If you think that everybody will looking at you and mock you for drinking your fizzy water or just water or a diet soda I think that you are mistaken. If you pay attention and I did in the early days 90% or the people there will either drink responsibly or won't drink at all. It is the other 10% that are the issue. I would still tell you dry people and dry place and to have an escape plan if you uncomfortable at any point. You are still very early in sobriety.
