-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92frhp/the_end_of_day_5_and_i_am_sober/

Good evening sobernauts. I hope you have all had a great Friday. The weather has turned cooler here in my town on the south coast of England. I went for a power walk at the beach this evening and it was very pleasant. I find daily exercise really gives me something positive to focus on. It's good for my mind and body. Also eating healthy breakfast  lunch and dinner is an important part of my daily routine now. I've quit smoking too. Did that on Day 1. Keeping in touch on this sub throughout the day is invaluable. So things are coming together and I've ended Day 5 sober. Thanks for all of your posts. You're all incredible. Sending all you ladies and gents best wishes especially those of us still struggling. We can do this:-)
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congrats on 5 days! It's great to hear that eating healthy and exercise are all helping. Plus a good walk on the beach sounds amazing! ..Can you send some of that cooler weather up north the heat is too much to bear for another night! :)
Well done to you it's a great feeling to know you have taken back control and each day you carry on gives a great sense of achievement. I have just finished day 8 and even been out for a drink (non alcoholic) with people who were drinking alcohol I didn't want one it felt great. I am in the midland area and would dearly love to have some of your cooler weather roll on rain for Sunday! Well done you  
Hiya. I had urges today but my mind was stronger in refecting them. M&amp;S football at 6pm was a brave step as it would inevitably end up with a bottle of wine ...but not today.  Ice cream still being a deterrant but better than wine. Very baby steps but more controlled than my latest attempts at sobriety. Good luck to us all.  . 
Congrats! Keep going :)
Way to go.  Off to a good clear weekend.  I love feeling recharged and relaxed come Monday these days.  I don't miss debating whether it's gonna be a hair-of-the-dog Monday morning while pretending not to notice my 29 year old body not taking the abuse quite as well as it used to.  Keep it up IWNDWYT 
