-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92mr1q/the_devastating_effects_of_alcohol/

Lately I've really seen how devastating alcohol is. My father who is a great human being hasn't been himself since he started drinking. He's always had problems with prescription drugs been to rehab twice was clean for a stint of about 8 years when I was younger. He relapsed due to surgery on his bowel back in 2012. It's been downhill from there. But even on prescription drugs he was never the monster he has been since he started drinking. He started drinking the fall last year and as far as I know he's drank everyday since. And has had the cops called on him 3 times since. A couple nights ago he was arrested for dui because he was sitting in traffic and a flagger was doing his job. So my dad proceeded to run into him with the car repeatedly (not hard of course) but still the flagged was scared for his life and my dad proceeded to get out and try to fight the young man while the other construction workers restrained him while he was throwing punches. My dad has always been tough but never an aggressive piece of shit. He has no job no purpose in life simply due to the choices he's made. Now he uses alcohol to lash out and take his anger out on everyone it must make him feel powerful. To finally vindicate himself for all his years of "hurt". He's doing nothing but cause pain to those around him and the only reason he's doing it is because of alcohol. He was a successful man before he lets drugs and alcohol ruin his life. 
----------immediate responses--------

I expect there is an underlying issue here that is common but overlooked--denial of responsibility. Even if you don't make excuses for yourself others will jump to your defense and make them for you. It can be tempting to blame other people or circumstances for our own choices when things turn out wrong...When we routinely flatout deny responsibility (lie) or make excuses for our choices and actions--as in "well yes I did this thing BUT here's my excuse..."--that habit leads us to lash out in anger against those we blame for our own choices...Remember when Spiderman's Uncle said "With great power comes great responsibility"? It works both ways--with great responsibility comes great power...Vow never to deny responsibility for your actions and choices to yourself or anyone else. Use that as *motivation* for making better choices--the fact that you will hold yourself responsible and openly admit your failures AND allow yourself credit for the things you do.
I'm so sorry that is a really awful story. Alcohol and aggression and anger go hand in hand though. ..It made me bitter angry and I have behaved like a total nutjob on booze more times than I care to remember. The last few years I just got drunk at home so nobody would see it so I managed to keep that side hidden a lot...But anyone just needs to drive through a town or city on a Friday or Saturday night after 2am to see the amount of fights that happen when the bars close. Hell even IN the bars. I gave my co-worker a lift home at midnight and we saw four guys fighting in the street. ..This is why I avoid being around drunk people from now on. One big reason is so I don't get tempted to drink again. But also because drunk people can be so unpredictable and someone can be happy friendly drunk one night and an absolute monster the next. Once people start getting sloppy I will make my exit. I won't judge them for doing what they want to do but I don't want that in my life anymore...I wish you and your father blessings I really hope he finds the strength to help himself one day. It is never too late to turn your life around :)
Hurtful all round to be sure.  My son has also done some reprehensible things while under the influence and his currently cooling  his heels in jail... if I had an answer I would offer it up....Iwndwyt is what I do have! 
Thank you for all of your support. Luckily my father no longer lives at home (him and my mother are separated) but he still comes over and I try to give him support and guidance but he doesn't take it. He goes around looking for trouble like he has to prove himself to himself that he's a badass but he's just a fool and I told him that. I've tried to give he guy love but he won't take it. So tough love is all I can give now. 
