-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92rhhf/ew_she_doesnt_drink_we_dont_want_to_be_friends/

Is the response I got from two other moms who offered me a beer at my daughters sporting event. I'm in my mid 30's and these women were in their 40's. Yes they were being sarcastic. But what is so weird is even in my 30's I feel  left out  and is a subconscious concern I have about not fitting in. I just smiled and carried on with the conversation. If only they knew the battle I've been in for 2 years to be a good sober mom at these games. Not the drunk embarrassing mom on the sidelines. I'm not butt-hurt just writing it out cause it's still on my mind. My road of recovery has been full of ups and downs. But I've gained so much trust as a mom from my kids after destroying it for too many years. I'd take my sparkling water in the sun over a beer fuzzing my reality any day. I hit 50 days today (had a couple relapses in the past 2 years) and I'm going to bed sober and proud. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! They are jealous of your willpower. IWNDWYT 
What I've learned over the past year is that people really don't care if I drink or not. Don't take what they said in a negative way. 
You made the right choice. We're about the same age and what you are talking about is endemic amongst the families in our neighborhood. Dads congregating every night in the driveway or garage to drink a bunch of beers. Moms with their little sippy-cups drinking their wine or cocktails every evening. The drinking lifestyle is so prevalent and if you don't drink it's very hard to fit in.
They may have been in their 40s but those women are stuck in high school. Talk about alcohol and arrested development! I would have been stung by that barb and would not have held my barbed tongue. Good on you for rising above.  
They are weak. You are strong. 
Isn't it funny that someone not drinking is even noteworthy enough to make it into a sarcastic comment? The attention we as a society give to alcohol is mind boggling. 
You don't need friends like them. F those bitches. 
"okay. Go fuck yourselves." That is my first reaction after reading this. ..You are doing the right thing by thinking of your children and trying to be there for them. In the grand scheme nothing else matters but you doing what is best for your health and your family's unity. ..I'm only at 2 days but I know what you're feeling. I'm going to be at my niece's 1st birthday soon (knock on wood) and I hope to get through it sober myself. 
Whatever way you dice it yr winning! Good on ya IWNDWYT 
ive noticed since i got sober that most so called adults are only categorized as such because of age. Most are idiots even so called successful ones. 
Happy 50 days to you!  To hell with the haters.  LOL. 
Ew they do drink thousands of us don't want to be friends with them either. We will rather be your friends. You are safe with us. WWNDWYT!
Yeah I suddenly have nobody to hang out with now that I'm commited to sobriety. When people ask why I don't drink whatever answer I give either makes me look bad or makes them feel bad. If I say I'm an alcoholic I am interrogated and judged. It pisses me off to the core and IWNDWYT
I wish I could say that the feeling of being left out goes away fully. But so far it hasn't for me. Sure it's become less intense as I've gone on. I feel more comfortable in my skin but that feeling of not fitting in or being the odd man out is always there even if its just a little bit. The crazy thing though is almost nobody makes a big deal of it except for me. It's all in my head just like most of my fears and insecurities...You did well today. Keep up the good work!
It's that shitty herd mentally that gets to me sometimes even if they're only joking. Says alot more about them than it does about you hun. Well done on the 50 x
i wish my mom did this for mw. go you! you can do it:).IWNDWYT
Wow.  That probably would have annoyed me.   I can be very sensitive and have such a fear of being left out and not fitting in.  Always have done.  Has been the hardest part of my recovery.  But it is easing.     Fair play to you you handled it brilliantly.  X
Stories like yours... they inspire me.  Super! 
The desire to fit into be accepted is one of the major things that drew me back in after 10 years of sobriety.It is something I will always have to be aware of. It's interesting because I like being alone and enjoy doing things by myselfbut it is there.Now I know it is a small price to pay for the positives of sobriety.
In my experience the ones that  care' that you don't drink usually have a problem with it themselves and are starting to realise it (although not admit it) 
I feel guilty for having been this kind of person at one time.  Sobriety was for squares.  Intoxication was my identity.  I genuinely did not want to be friends with people I couldn't get drunk or high with.  I'm pretty ashamed of that now and in retrospect it was really the first sign that I had a problem...I mean these women *are* drinking on the sidelines of a kids' sporting event.  I think that's sort of a sign that their relationship to alcohol isn't super healthy whether they know it or not.  The culture you're in can mask that too.  Where I grew up in Wisconsin it would be totally normal to have beer there but where I lived in Arkansas for a little while it would have been a little bit scandalous.
Drinking is a part of the social fabric in our culture unfortunately for us. I think it's dumb but that's how it is. I too feel a bit separated from fitting in but who cares. It's so much better being sober. Plus I am gaining so much confidence in who I am the longer I stay sober. 
Ignore those highly unintelligent people!  You are doing great !!! Keep it up ! ..When people like that wear alcohol  like a badge of honor and cause for exclusion and my guess is it was truth covered in a jokes clothing it's really sad and telling! ..Ewwww they dont know how to behave in public ... bye bye! .
I completely understand!! Even as jokes it stings. And honestly there's a good chance one of those other moms is struggling too...Also wanted to add that we have a great supportive community of like-minded moms in a private group-  r/sobermamaclub - if anyone would like to join us just shoot me a message. SD and the mama's group has helped me so much!! 
Just say that your on Meds and can't mix them.   If they ask what kinda meds just say the type that prevent the psycho to come.   Say it with a straight face wait 5 seconds and say you're joking and do one of those crazy laughs.  Then it's be like your trying to loose weight and be healthy.   Even if you're skinny or not you're making them think twice about talking shit.  
That's insane that they said that.  Also it seems like they aren't really there to truly watch the kids compete but are there just drink and socialize.  That's insane to me.  I grew up with a general non-drinker mom.  Like she'd have one frozen island drink if we were on an island.  But I remember growing up and witnessing my friends' moms get wine tipsy around us and it was just so incredibly uncomfortable for all of us.  Like I could see how embarrassed my friends were of their moms.  Kids do not want tipsy moms.  They want mentally present moms who are there to support them and pay attention to their game.  Those drinking moms should really reconsider why they are at the sporting event at all if all they are concerned with is how much the other moms in the group are drinking.  Good on you for keeping your sobriety despite that negative peer pressure and truly being there for your daughter!  I'm sure she's extremely grateful to have a sober mentally present and caring mom!  
The little "maintenance" actions like writing things down instead of ruminating are powerful tools imo.  I'll wager that these 2 moms have had to ask themselves about their own drinking and didn't like what they were faced with hence the sarcasm...maybe not but maybe so.  Either way you cleared one small hurdle.  Well done you!
Honestly? I've stopped caring what other people think about my not drinking or anything else for that matter. Do their opinions help pay my mortgage? No? Screw em. ..Stay strong. 
You Rock!  IWNDWYT 
"Those that mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."..If anybody had a problem with SOMEONE ELSE not drinking then that's their issue to deal with not mine. *puts on sunglasses*
Ah I almost posted something similar on here today because I am having a dilemma that has to do with the mom drinking culture as well. Dropping my kids off at camp for the first time today and was invited to a "boozy brunch" afterwards- of course I want to hang out with these couples after a nerve wracking morning but I don't want to get hammered at noon. I probably shouldn't even go but I don't just want to be a shut-in because I'm not drinking.  Anyway good for you for not doing it! This "parents be drinking" thing drives me crazy. 
I can't really wrap my head around people who make comments like this. can you really get through 40+ years of life without knowing the effect alcohol has on some folks? I guess so. ..be kind to one another...is not too hard a thing to do...good job and way to carry on! iwndwyt
What? drinking at your kids events are encouraged? I usually had the opposite problem that I wanted to drink everywhere and there was no one around to drink with and it was looked down to drink on certain events specially with children involved. ..I still drink a lot less and can pass a few months withoud a drink without me even noticing that I have not drink. One of the main reasons I do not drink as much is because now I have 2 kids and I do not drink around my kids or if I have to take care of kids. ..I think they are just trashy. 
I know this sounds simple but I too suffer from FOMO or fear of missing out. Somebody mentioned this a few weeks ago a relabeling of sorts; JOMO or ROMO;  joy of missing out or in my case relief of missing out. I don't have to be there participating in the drama that is surely coming. Participating in the slow slide into oblivion and alcoholism. And he slow slide into the kiss of self esteem. What I don't eat not miss out on is the 5:30am swim the 8am run/bike breakfast with my workouts done and getting accomplished by 10 more than most get done all day. ROMO. that's some shit to miss out on. 
What assholes .Even in sarcasm that's messed up to say to someone. Why are moms so judgy all the time. It's like we can never win. Now we have to drink to be fun too?
