-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92ypib/day_one/

I've been reading through all these posts - they're so motivating and it's really helpful to know there are folks out there in similar situations. ..By all accounts life is good. I have a great job and a great family. But I've struggled with anxiety and depression since I was a kid and have been using alcohol to numb the feelings. I know it's a vicious cycle - alcohol only makes me more depressed and anxious especially the next day - but in the moment that glass of wine feels like a nice soothing balm. And then the glass turns into a bottle more often than not. Plus maybe another half-bottle. And two shots of bourbon. ..The last time I had an extended period of not drinking was a few years ago. I went to a friend's Halloween party sober and just had the worst time - and lost friends because of it. And I work in tech in the Bay Area - so many people here drink like fish. I'm worried about my social prospects if I become a non-drinker. ..Last night I was by myself (my family is going camping and I decided I needed the quiet so stayed home). And I drank two bottles of wine by myself - after going to a bottomless mimosa brunch earlier in the day. I had to vomit before going to bed. And this isn't the first time in recent memory either. ..I'm really concerned for my health - I worry about my digestive system my liver my mental health. And I know that my depression and anxiety tends to ease up after a while when I don't drink. I know not drinking is the right choice for me. I also know it's going to be difficult. ..Thanks for listening and for being a supportive group. I've been looking for a virtual support group like this - the idea of going to AA and sharing in person terrifies me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am really happy to see you here. Just getting to day one is a big deal. I loved my wine but it was killing me and making my anxiety way worse. IWNDWYT. Hugs. 
Thai subreddit is great AA is also great. Good luck and don't let fear keep you from the people who can help you this post was a great start.
[removed]
I am also on day one ... we can do this! IWNDWYT!
