-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92zu5w/was_a_on_bender_for_a_whole_week_first_sober/

Struggling. I also am very nervous for work - I had screwed up while I was on my bender (I work from home). Also made all my friends worry about me (they don't know)...My friends and colleagues don't deserve this. I have to get better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard. I walked out of my old job around Dec 28th of last year and then went on a 9 or 10 day bender. I was around 23 beers deep still awake at 4am and while I was drunk I didn't really feel it. I should have been passed out after drinking that much but I hadn't and that was the last night I drank...I knew right then and there that I had to stop and get my shit together which I have done and I will never drink alcohol again because there is nothing good at the bottom of a 25oz beer...While the road ahead of you is going to be ruff the first week sucks major ass and I felt like shit the first 30 days but it was worth it. ..So again welcome...IWNDWYT...
Hang in there. I know what it's like coming off a bender.
You mentioned your friends and colleagues don't deserve this... you don't deserve this either. You deserve to live your best life..When I drank I had so much guilt I did not believe I deserved much and that compounded the problem..It doesn't matter what makes you stop. Stop for one day and then wake up tomorrow and make the choice of whether or not to drink..I have experienced what you're feeling tonight (the anxiety) and it takes time to get past it just as it took time for your brain and body to build up a tolerance and addiction to alcohol. But your body is amazing. It will repair and heal itself and your brain will rebalance. .Try to look to the future even though you have guilt about the past. Tonight is a huge step even though it's terribly uncomfortable. If you feel your resolve start to fall away at any point know that you WERE in a place of clarity when you decided to stop. My mind used to play a lot of tricks on me in the beginning to convince me to keep drinking. This too shall pass. .IWNDWYT 
You can do this. You are here and that's a great start...I work in an office but am high-up enough that I can 'work from home' on occasion. This would usually mean work all day while sipping scotch. It might not come as a surprise to hear that this often didn't work out well. I've definitely sent some emails and even made some calls that I regret. It was a dangerous game though and I'm glad to be done with that...Looking forward to working but not drinking with you tonight and tomorrow!
Glad you are here. Be extra kind to yourself.  
