-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/932t8a/in_my_20s_and_struggling_vent/

I feel too young to be here but I suppose I should be. ..Drinking to the point of passing out is my nightly routine. I'm not near physical withdrawal but alcohol is all I can think about. People worry for me I've chosen drinking over relationships and my self-care suffers...Drinking is the only time I feel "normal" or happy. And of course I'm treating my depression with a depressant much the the dismay of my long term therapist and psychiatrist. ..So yes I need to stop drinking. A part of me wants to. I've spent three years with few days of sobriety in between and this past year it has gotten noticeable to those close to me - but I'm terrified of being sober. Nothing rational about it nothing I can put my finger on but I'm terrified...I wish I could say that I truthfully and wholeheartedly want to stop... I'd be lying. ..Tonight I plan to finally check out an AA meeting. I'm terrified of that too. Even so something has to change. People around me call me an alcoholic my doctor has offered me Antabuse... I know I have a problem rationally but I think "It's can't that bad. I pay my bills and have a job I love."..So here I am. Not too much of a point to this post but to vent to people who can probably understand my indecision and fear surrounding alcohol use. ..Thanks for all the inspiring stories. :)
----------immediate responses--------

So are you going to give up or not. We need a decision before offering any advice. 
Glad you're here!..Sounds like you're on the cusp of getting some support.  That made all the difference in the world...My mind lies to me and told me: "you're functional....  you get everything done"....      ..That was a lie as well.  Everything was "less" than it could be.  ..Meetings were an essential component to my healing!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Hi Sorry to hear about your issues and your age. Im 27 but still feel 20 due to it flashing past so fast due to drinking everyday even though I was not physically I was still addicted its the same consiquences. Theres lots of good articles and posts on here I will have a look for them and post them in an edit for you. :-) Will you not be drinking with me today? What do you do in your spare time?
Welcome.  People in their 20s post here all the time.  A lot of alcohol use is about habits and routines so it is never too early to start learning some different healthier ones...It can be scary to think about doing this forever and what that will mean but there is a lot of road in between now and forever.  So if I could studies that anything it is just do what is best for right now.
Welcome karl   Glad to see that you are aware of the possibility of a problem. I wish I would have figured it out at your age (63 yr old male here). Hopefully you follow thru with planned meeting. They are one branch of my support system here at SD is another. I have heard and agree that the best time to plant a tree is now.  I will NOT drink with you today! Hope you join me.  Peace
I hope the meeting went well.
