-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9336cc/stumbled_on_this_subreddit_and_im_so_glad_i_did/

I've lost a lot of jobs due to my drinking problem. It's been so awful I would drink every night when I got home. "It was another rough day of this or that at work. I deserve this." Except that one drink would turn into 10 and I would be passing out in my bath tub cluthing my phone and letting the water overflow onto the floor. ..I haven't been a good partner or a mother. All the awful things I've said and done. To let my daughter see me the way I've been. She's almost 6 now but I hope to god she doesn't remember when mommy was gone every weekend partying. ..Or how I hurt my partner; the lies staying out general shitiness. Yet he saw me through it all and we've been together for almost 3 years now. I still feel like on my bad days or when I relapsed he should've left me back then. ..But today and for 7 days now I chose to put the beer down. Chose not to spend my last bit of money to get a little "relief". Every day is an internal battle that I hope gets a little easier with time. ..My wallet job friends family depression anxiety and most importantly me all appreciate when just for a day I don't pick up that bottle again. ..I just needed somewhere to vent and share something that's sits with me day in and day out. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

hi. you sound a lot like me. i'm on day one (again). im going to have an intake interview for IOP today not sure if i am ready. but your post made me wonder what are your plans to keep yourself healthy and sober?
Thank yu.. A powerful post! And me too.. StopDrinking is huge in my recovery. 
I am a weeknin now...after several relapses.  Ce cream...fizzy water and this site have kept me away from wine. Its very early days but as a fellow mummy (older kids) i can tell you i am so happy i have stopped. I was able to drive at 1am to pick up my daughter from a nightclub...i have insomnia at the moment but it will pass. I will not drink with yoh today sober mummy . 
