-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/933wib/you_guys_weight_loss/

OMG so excited I just have to share.....I am on day 9 of no booze or weed (both struggles of mine and both fattening substances directly or indirectly...Combined with exercise and watching food intake... I am presently at my lowest weight in over a year!  I have lost 19 pounds since January with about a third of it in just the last 9 days...I am overweight and have dieted so many times... who knew that dropping booze (empty calories + poor food decisions afterwards) and pot (munchies?!?!) would have such an impact...There are so many awesome effects of sobriety... but this one put a HUGE smile on my face today...Keep going sobernauts.  IWNDWYT!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

It's nice not to feel so much gravity anymore...Keep it up!
Yeah...... I never thought (let myself think) about how many calories are in an entire box of wine. Like "eat healthy!....... then 2k calories of booze today"
I went from 240 pounds to 174 (at my lowest). Now currently at about 185 (which feels more healthy TBH).
I mean there is a certain truth in  Parks and Recreation  plot line where Chris Pratt's impressive weight loss is explained away as he just quit drinking beer. 
Congratulations! I know for a fact I am obese only because of beer and wine. I have been at a stable weight for two years now. If I dropped the alcohol I would lose the pounds. I don't eat that much but the alcohol contains so many more calories than people realize...I am up for weight loss surgery and I am nervous they will refuse me because of my bad habits.
Great update. These are ALL things I need to work on myself so it is awesome to hear you have had such great results!
I'm in a similar boat. How do you deal with the weed cravings??? I don't have as much of a problem for not drinking but I haven't figured out a good substitute for smoking.
This was my experience too. I had my passport photo taken less than a month after my sobriety date and you can really see the difference in my face between then and now. Lost 45 lbs from just eating the way sober me always ate. Easy to maintain a healthy and sexy weight when I'm not drinking a couple thousand calories then getting the drunchies and eating anything I can find in the fridge/freezer.
It's a great feeling! I lost about 35 pounds when I went sober. It's incredible how great that feels!
Congrats that's awesome!..I'm currently way over what I'd like to be but my pants have been getting looser to the point that I need new ones my watch is much looser around my wrist my face is leaps and bounds better than what it was..I actually ran into one of my sister's friends the other day was a routine exchange chatted for a bit and then we went on our ways.  Sister texted me that she heard I was looking great from her friend so that was really good to hear..Stay off the booze and things will continue to get better!
It's amazing!  I was only a weekend binge drinker but I didn't realize how many calories I was packing in with one evening out hardcore drinking.  I am actually eating higher calorie food (sugar cravings = ice cream) than I was before I got sober and I've still lost 5 pounds.  
I lost 19lb in two weeks after quitting
Congrats OP.  It's time for Booze to have nutritional labels on the bottle.  Information is power.
serious comment: two subs you might be interested in are r/keto basically revolving around low carb diets ... a lot of dramatic weight loss threads on that sub. also r/intermittentfasting is one of my favorites both have helped me a lot. check it out. 
Weed and munchies. I totally feel your pain. I literally could never stop consuming food when I got baked. I would be full and my stomach would be distended and I would eat anyway. Great for patients who have lost appetite due to cancer treatment not good for a 39 year old man who is already overweight. 
This naked mind podcast has a cool recent episode where they go over the physiological reasons this happens. It's not ust empty calories but also that 1) booze drops your bloodsugar dramatically making you very hungry and 2) your liver has to stop its part in the food processing any time boozes present (and your liver is important in metabolizing fat). Lots more detail int he podcast but I loved it. Mind you I was drinking 1000 calories a night in beer and in the 4 months since I stopped that and started going to the gym 3-4 days a week I've only lost 6 lbs but I'm hanging on to hope. 
For those who quit drinking 
Yeah - alcohol comes with a very high weight cost. For me I saw the biggest differences in my face. IWNDWYT. 
Definitely a good side effect - however if you're really having trouble (a lot of heavy drinkers will crave sugar like whoa after quitting) please know you can and should satisfy your sweet tooth if that means keeping off the booze...I have always been thin but for whatever reason gain weight in my face pretty quickly. It was amazing to see the difference after a few months. 
I wish I lost weight but I'm defintely healthier with my weight right now...When I would binge (which would usually be for 3-4 days each week minimum I would typically consume almost no food since I just wasn't hungry.  My weight would drop down to around 180.  I would then sober up usually only for 2 or 3 days during which I would eat everything and bring my weight up to around  200.  This cycle would complete almost every single week causing me to ping-pong 10% of my body weight every 7 days.  Could not have been healthy...Now that I've been sober over 2 months my weight has been consistently around 195-200 although I do see some asset re-allocation (weight moved from belly to healthier areas).  ..Rewarding myself with extra desserts for staying sober isn't helping me lose weight.  I'm going to try a no-dessert august.
IWNDWYT! Congratulations thank you for sharing =) 
It is fun eating guilt free now knowing I won't be drinking.
It's real! I'm at 225 days and the combo of eating a tad better and no booze has me down 33 lbs.
