-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/933zvl/married_my_drinking_buddy_and_i_just_quit/

Warning: Wall of text. This has been weighing on me for 40 days. I can't bring myself to talk about it to my family or friends. most who do not know my struggle with alcohol. I can't bring myself to talk about it to my therapist who doesn't even know my struggle with alcohol only that I quit drinking for a bit to try to help my mental health...Today I'm at 40 days sober. First stretch this long since I was pregnant/bfing several years ago which would have been around a 2 year break. I never had to focus on moderating before then while I'm sure I had issues back then I could go a week without drinking once a month plan to eat dinner out and be able to drive home etc. Over the last couple of years that had progressed into only going out after work if I had a ride otherwise I would just stay home so I could drink. My husband and I were drinking every single day. This started ending in blackouts when my child was staying with my parents; not intentionally but by chance (I'm sure somewhere deep down it was intentional). Well 41 days ago on a Tuesday night I over drank as did my husband. Nothing "bad" happened other than feeling awful the next day. I was able to work as I was working remotely that day he was not. We talked and decided that we would take a break (I was saying stop he said take "months" off) from drinking. We both agreed. Mine has turned into the realization that I never need to drink again and I'm certain he does not either. I go round and round in my mind maybe I can moderate no I need to never drink again etc. Every time I have convinced myself I can moderate luckily I've come full-circle to realize that I cannot moderate before the chance arose to drink. If I could moderate I would have done so in the past couple of years...I thought I would feel better immediately after getting through the first week of feeling completely awful but I'm only feeling incrementally better. That is okay with me but I wish it was like a light switch. My husband on the other hand has aches and pains from manual labor and sports throughout life that he seems to have been dulling with alcohol. I cannot imagine how bad it feels and know that doctor's solutions involve joint replacements which will limit pounds he can lift which will cause him to not be able to do the same job he has always done. He would no longer be able to pick up our child forever. I cannot imagine how that mentally feels therefore it is hard for me to say anything...He has drank several days throughout this 40 day period. He says he does not have a problem like I do; hereditary - I'm destined to be addicted to a number of substances while he is not. I do think he has as much of an alcohol problem as I do just not affected by it mentally like I am..The issue is he said last night that he is glad we are taking a break. I guess I am just realizing that he has no intentions to keep this "break" going like I do. As mean as it is I want to point out that his definition of break and mine are different as I mentioned previously he has drank several days....but in his words - only had 5 beers. He is doing great and cutting way down but is not completely abstaining. I am proud of him either way but he has not taken a 40 day break. I dread the day he ramps the drinking back up. In the beginning about a week and a half in he was going to drink on a Friday night and told me earlier in the day. I told him I would get our child from school and we would go hang out as I could not be at the house while he was drinking at that point. I would have drank no doubt. He told me I was being unfair for keeping his child away from him and punishing him. I told him I wasn't just looking out for myself and there is no reason I should be punished and not get to be around our child because he had planned to drink. He did not drink that night and we spent the night at home all together. It's a little different for me now as I do not think I would be as tempted but I'm not sure I could handle him drinking 10-12 beers every day in front of me. He mentioned yesterday during the day that he was having issues not drinking and he drank some NA beers. I said later so you are not liking not drinking? He said no it was like it was before. He had quit drinking for a couple of years when his first-born was younger and he was married to his ex. He says he was bored the entire time. I say that there are tons of things to do now that we are not drinking. He has a bad attitude about most of it but would do most activities that I would suggest...I'm scared that he is going to start drinking and that I cannot handle a marriage like that. I have a previous marriage that was fueled with drugs and alcohol and ultimately when I realized he was not going to change I cleaned up then divorced him. No children not much money tied together as we were young so while it was life-changing I was able to recover. At this point in my life I again have started a marriage based on drinking. We started as best-friends and drinking buddies and ended up dating and getting married. We've been married for 10 years. This is so difficult because I do love him and he loves me. We have assets/money/family land heavily tied together and a child. I do not want this marriage to end for basically the same thing that ended my first. I want my child to have parents that love each other get along live in the same house and do not get sloppy drunk after their bedtime. I am so scared that in the end I will either have to choose to live with an alcoholic always walking a tight-rope myself and hoping not to fall back in those same habits or divorce...From my first marriage I know that you cannot force someone to get clean. You cannot threaten someone to get clean. You cannot check-up on someone day-in and day-out after they have promised to get clean. They either do or they do not. I cannot change another person. I do not want to even try to change my husband - been there done that and it is painful and unsuccessful. I do try to encourage my husband but have told him that I will never again try to change someone else. I do think there is the underlying thought that I would leave him if we cannot be on the same page but I'm not 100% sure of that and I'm not sure if he thinks that I feel that way or not. I feel like I'm being unfair and pulling the carpet out from under him. We started as drinkers and now I'm saying that I'm not drinking and he knows I do not want him to drink either. Is that unfair of me? I feel massive guilt about it but am putting myself and my child before my husband's feelings about drinking...Can anyone shared their story? Whether your relationship/marriage worked out or it didn't if it started based on drinking?..TDLR: When you marry your drinking buddy and suddenly one person has a change of lifestyle does it ever work out?
----------immediate responses--------

You bring out the best in other people.
I think all you can do is lead by example and do what YOU need to do.  I know for a long time I could never imagine a life without alcohol.  For whatever reason that has shifted maybe seeing you make that transition will change his views as well...
My best testimony is my daily sober living...I couldn't handle it as well as you...Sending Good Luck!
R/Alanon 
So my ex wife and I were both heavy drinkers.  First to arrive and last to leave types.  This lasted for over 10 years.  Blackouts and all.  No kids so there was no reasons to slow down except work.  Essentially I married my drinking buddy.  We were on bad terms when I had an injury and needed surgery/recovery apart from her for about a year.  I was sober that whole time surrounded by family that didn't drink.  We got back together and the impact of my sobriety and her partying like usual was overwhelming.  It was impossible.  So instead of divorce I drank again.  Worst decision of my life.  Got divorced eventually but I got sucked up into the drinking lifestyle that was almost impossible to break.  I'm back on the right path but lost a lot of time.  IMO it won't work if both parties are not moving forward in the same direction.  
