-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/936war/repairing_the_body_mind_and_the_scary_effects_of/

Alcohol when consumed in moderation is not bad. I want to make that clear because there are plenty of people throughout the world who can consume it in moderation and enjoy it without developing an addiction. Unfortunately like many of you I am not one of those individuals...So this is my story and I'll try and keep it brief...My first drop of alcohol was consumed on my first day of college. I never got into the party scene in high school and had a strict upbringing in a household where my parents rarely drank at all. I was never drawn to it during my teenage years and kept myself busy with sports and school and never had much issue not being part of that whole scene. ..That first day in college however changed everything. Always having an addictive personality I swiftly latched hold onto all forms of alcohol as I saw it as a social norm in college a rite of passage as you will. As I had never been conditioned or educated about how to consume alcohol appropriately I quickly became well-known throughout the dorm as the one who would always "take it to the next level". I consistently blacked out drank way too much and went overboard on the weekends. I thought this was all part of the "college experience" however and really only drank on the weekends while focusing on my studies through the rest of the week. I did not see this as alcohol slowly penetrating into my life. ..As the years progressed so did my drinking habits. I graduated from college and I guess you could say so did my drinking habits. Instead of the weekend binge I would go on the weekend binge PLUS consume alcohol on a nightly basis. At first it was just a beer to relax after work. Then it was a couple. Then three. Then four. Soon enough I was texting my friends constantly to get them to go out to grab a drink during the work week in the hopes of justifying what I still did not see as an addiction. Sometimes they joined while at others they wanted to wait for the weekend a time in which I would still get sloshed and increase my reliance on booze. ..This habit lasted for a span of 3 years with my total nights off of alcohol being estimated at around 3-5 nights TOTAL. In a span of 3 years that is frightening to think about especially after how much I brutalized alcohol during my college years. This meant 7 years of heavy binge drinking and the effects began to add up...What was once a fine athletic physique turned to a dense blob filled with booze and unhealthy food. I had previously run 5-6 miles a day and watched what I ate but as my alcohol addiction progressed my attention to health declined. I became tired overweight and sluggish in all that I did. ..Then I began to get bloody noses. I didn't know why at first but they almost became constant and part of my daily habit. I attributed it to the weather and dry air. That would not be the case. Then my skin started to itch and I grew afraid. I began to google what these symptoms were and found out that alcohol could be the cause and became frightened. ..I took a hard look in the mirror and saw what I was doing to myself. I was literally killing myself because of my addiction...So what did I do? Quit cold turkey and call it good? HELL NO! I kept drinking but forced myself to cut back. Instead of 3-5 a night I cut back to 1 a night and a few out on the weekends with my friends. Then I started to space out the nights I would have just 1 and have nights where I did not consume anything. Then I took multiple nights off in a row. And this was hard really hard. I struggled at first with the concept of not drinking so much but knew I needed to for my health. Even when I was drinking just 1 a night I was still getting bloody noses and though my liver tests came back ok I was still growing concerned for the damaging effects I was doing to my body...I am proud to say however that my drinking habits have gone through a complete reversal. While I do drink from time-to-time (I would say I consume 2-3 drinks a week now) by no means am I allowing myself to consume as I used to. I drink to enjoy the flavor of the drink rather than lust after its effects...But there is still a voice inside of me that says to just stop it all. I still struggle with the debate as to whether or not I should give it up for good or stay on my moderate path. I wonder if this is the last little addict in me trying to finally escape. There is a lot of guilt I still carry about how I treated myself and my body throughout this time and I am definitely concerned about the lasting effects of that type of alcohol consumption on my long-term health. I wake up at nights panicking that I will not have a future 5 years down the road because I obliterated my liver and I will die...Though it took scaring myself silly into giving up the way I used to drink sometimes you have to shock yourself into a better state of mind. I am still working to forgive myself for what I did to my body and mind and part of me thinks that the constant worrying about the lasting effects of alcohol on my body will always be my little demon the final parting gift alcohol will leave me with. ..So will I give it up completely? I'm not sure. As it stands I still fight with myself and have to convince my mind that it is ok to struggle with the limitation of just 2-3 drinks a week. I do so by telling myself that if I consume more the alcohol will kill me. This may not be healthy but it is what I'm struggling through and I believe this mentality pays tribute to just how scary alcohol and becoming addicted to it can be. ..I share this because I need to get it off my chest and out into the world...This was much longer than I intended but oh well hope it helps somebody out there. Have a great day everybody!
----------immediate responses--------

Stopping completely has given me freedom....... I don't need to struggle with a limitation while wanting more . I feel good all the time I can go to the gym early in the morning after a good night sleep .I am eating well and feel good about myself .I know if I was giving myself limits I would not have this freedom ...I will not drink with you today
Well done Cander on how far you have come already. It sounds like you turned your drinking around in a very disciplined way. Nice work. ..If I am unsure or uncertain about a decision I will often try and trial it. Try before you buy.  ..Why not trial complete abstinence for a month and compare it to a month of 3-4 drinks a week?
I'm happy for you if you're happy.
Have you read THIS NAKED MIND? I think you may enjoy the information. I can not moderate. I have chosen to eliminate alcohol totally. I have come to realize that alcohol gives you nothing and only takes from you. It sounds like you have been on a long journey with alcohol. I liked reading your post-much of it sounds familiar to me. I wish you all the best on you future journey. Stay Strong. I will not drink with you today. 
