-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93etl7/no_drink_july_completed_month_sober/

Month ago at 30th June I've had a massive hangover. It was maybe a 20th or 25th hangover this month and I was spending a LOT on alcohol. Besides money - I was getting tired fat and unable to interact with the outside world. Being only 21 years old student with a family that has a strong history of alcoholics and having accidentaly clicked on this subreddit... I have decided to stop - or at least try stopping. ..My goal was a month being sober the whole July not even a droplet of beer or anything else. No cheating with 0% beers. My partner was struggling with alcohol a lot too and to encourage me he also stopped drinking. I was sceptical but wanted to try so bad after nearly 5 years of binge drinking almost everyday. ..The first few days were tragic. I've had to avoid alcohol lanes in supermarkets because I would go straight to the shelf and contemplate about what to drink today. We even had two beers left from the last drinking binge in the fridge. The moment we knew we're just sick was when we poured apple juice into shot glasses as a joke. It was not funny at all...Week later it was a little bit better but still super... boring. Then I've suddenly started playing games with my partner talk more often enjoy our company. I cannot count how many cups of tea I have done so I have something to sip on - and I must say: tea is delicious. It was harsh when it came to meetings with friends who were taught I am the person to drink with. They were quite shocked or bored of my personality when sober. I guess I don't need people like those around. I don't want to drink just to know that I'm likeable. It was an eye-opening experience. And during that I haven't opened a single beer. Even these two from the fridge are still there not bothering me anymore...So today is 31st I am one full month sober and... I don't want to drink. I am enjoying my morning coffee going shopping. Maybe will walk around a bit read something or play a game. I don't need drinking four beers just to feel better before sleeping. My partner has ALSO completed the whole month without a single sip and I couldn't be more proud. He didn't have to do it with me he offered himself and encouraged me the whole time to stay on my guard. And I must say that I was terrified about the thought that we are enjoying each other just because of the alcohol. It wasn't true. We did it together!..Now I think I will stay sober as long as I can - but without such a pressure maybe. I could enjoy a drink or two on some occasion (and sitting in front of my laptop isn't an occasion!) but not every night. I have shown myself that I'm better than my alcohol-abusing family. That I can. And I am super happy that I have tried. Thank you for all those posts I have been binge reading month ago on a couch half dead from alcohol poisoning. Thank you for the feeling of being accepted into the group for encouraging people that stopping and admitting that "I have a problem" isn't a bad thing. ..I will not drink with you today. And tomorrow. And time will show for how longer...PS: I am so sorry for my grammar. Since I am from Poland and haven't been paying attention in my English class I can do only this much. I know it's readable though. Feel free to correct me I will be thankful!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on a month!..Keep goin' ;)
Rock on with your bad self.  That's truly wonderful.  Congrats.  I will not drink with you today.
This is amazing! Keep up the strong work! I won't drink with y'all today!
Fantastic effort....and it reads perfectly. Don't change a single word.  IWNDWYT.
Sounds like you may be getting addicted... to sobriety :)..Congrats on your 30+ days!
I hope to follow your lead!  I'm committed to a Dry August.  I did a Dry May-most of June before I relapsed.  Ready to get back on the wagon...  And hey your English is fantastic!!!!!
