-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93fg3u/go_to_a_meeting/

If you are new to this subreddit and sobriety in general I urge you to do something for me: go to a meeting. ..I've been sober for a little over four months and haven't been to a meeting in a few months because the one I was going to got disbanded. I've been doing fine haven't drank. ..But I had been feeling lonely. I've had to abandon some of my friends and many social situations. I have a girlfriend and she is absolutely wonderful and supportive and who listens to my issues. But I still felt like I needed something else. Something felt missing. ..So I decided to go back to a group meeting last night (Smart Recovery). I am so glad I did. It's amazing how quickly and intimately you connect with people at meetings. I was a little nervous. But as soon as I got in the room with my fellow sober friends I was instantly at ease. ..If you are nervous about going to a meeting take the dive and go to one. There is no reason to be ashamed. I guarantee you that as soon as you step in that room you'll be at ease. Remember everyone is there for the same reason: they want to make their lives better. You will be instantly connected to everyone in that room because of that. Trust me you will not be an outcast far from it. It gives me so much strength and courage to listen to other people struggling and succeeding just like me. And honestly? They're actually pretty fun at least the ones I've been to. There are some sad stories but there are also a lot of laughs and silliness. I look forward to going to them; they are one of the highlights of my week.  ..Please if you are thinking about going just do it. Personally I like Smart Recovery's setup but any of them will do. Try it. ..Iwndwyt
----------immediate responses--------

100% agree.  I needed to find new sober friends and phase out old drinking buddies.  AA and NA was probably the only way I could have done this.  I go bowling with people after NA and I hate bowling.  However bowling is better than sitting alone in my apartment thinking how I used to get drunk every evening.
Meetings are not really a thing in my country. We have AA and there are 205 meetings in my whole country. That's it.  I am not aware of any other support groups. There is free treatment though and depending on the person that can be individually or in group-meetings.
I find going to AA gives me a real feeling of peace and belonging being with people who have gone through the same hell and are striving to improve their lives is a wonderful feeling. I need my weekly meetings I am going to be abroad for a month with my parents and have already planned which meeting I'm going to out there!
I'm worried about seeing someone I know? I don't even know many people in my area so it's probably silly.
