-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93pf3x/ndv_im_an_anxious_wreck_and_i_dragged_my_scared/

By chance I found a good beginners' deal at my local yoga studio this morning and I impulsively booked a class and attended. THIS IS SO UNLIKE ME I cannot stress this enough. ..I have anxiety and mostly hole away in my house when I'm not at work. I want to explore the world yet I'm too afraid to do anything. For most of my adult life I've treated life like a storm and I'm just hiding away waiting for it to pass. The self loathing and regret that arises from living life with this way is infinite. I spent my days grieving a life not yet lived and to me this state of mind felt irreversible. I drank to detach from the sorrow of it but realistically I knew the alcohol was making me too weak to change my situation. ...I read a quote by Virginia Woolf recently that was so simple yet so relatable that it completely blew me away and I honestly think of it every day:... 'You cannot find peace by avoiding life'....I'm approaching 2 months sobriety now and I've noticed a childlike curiosity is starting to bloom inside me. When I say childlike I mean the time in our childhood before the carcrash of adolescence when we are not yet weighed down by self consciousness or anxiety. We see something that appeals to us and we pursue that thing without any worry or second thoughts. ...I was crap at the yoga itself and almost burst into both laughter and tears at one point because I felt so silly sweaty and my pants were falling down at every opportunity. However by prioritising my self care by going to the class and allowing myself to feel massively vulnerable is a HUGE achievement for someone like me and I 100% owe this turning point to sobriety. I am slowly beginning to give an increasing amount of fucks about my own wellbeing and I'm still in shock about it to be honest. ...If any of you struggle terribly with anxiety and fear of doing anything new even when you know it's something that you want and that you know will do you good - think of this messy girl with her pants falling down in a yoga class and know that you can do it. ....Thanks for reading and let's not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you
Wow for a second I thought I wrote this.  I never want to do ANYTHING.  Some days I can barely get myself to work but I know I have to.  I avoid social events and hate all new restaurants.  But yesterday...on my blessed Day 1...as I dug into some of the meditation on healing myself to sobriety I felt myself as a little girl happy and singing and carefree.  It felt so nice.  I cannot even believe that I spent so much time dousing my inner flame with wine.  That's a corny metaphor but it's true!    I will not drink with you today.
That is amazing! I got myself to the pool yesterday and then chickened out. I am going to try again... well maybe. 
Hey I'm proud of you Alex!  I started yoga at 59.  Stick with it it will truly help you find inner peace and calm.  It's a major part of my recovery.  Always remember it's your practice.  Awesome job on those 58 days!! Namaste    
Aw!  I love this story    did you know everyone finds their yoga at their own pace?  Everyone!  If you keep doing it one day it'll start to  click' and that's when the real magic starts!    I'm so happy you went! 
I am so happy for you!  I can relate to this in so many ways.  I am so glad you did something entirely for you.  You absolutely deserve it...Yoga is such a great act of self care and a great habit to get into.  It has brought me so much peace and strength (both mental and physical) over the last year.  If you are interested in a home practice in addition to group classes I am a big fan of Yoga with Adriene on YouTube.  She has hundreds of free videos and is just a delightful person to practice with...Well done on getting out and doing something for you!
