-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93pxa4/one_year_sober_conflicting_emotions_of_pride/

I am very proud of myself that I've hit one year!..I have done this before but relapsed shortly after so to be honest I'm a bit scared. I find the posts here especially about relapses so helpful to read. Just knowing HOW it plays out helps me stay away. The year just is a big milestone for me and one I haven't really surpassed (by much) before. This time I feel ready but then I doubt myself...I'm still learning how to deal with... emotions... without alcohol and it's so hard. A friend tried to kill themselves and told me about it seeking support and it was so hard to deal with. I wanted to help and did not want them to think they were putting a burden on me and thus make them feel worse. I did what I could of course but the stress was huge and I ended up taking it out on my husband. I calmed realized and apologized. He knows what I'm going through and has been the most supportive person I don't think I could have made it this far without him and it makes me feel so guilty to take things out on him and not be able to control it. ..I still deal with a lot of guilt/shame which I'm working on as well. I was so proud of one year but it gets disheartening that I can't tell some people for the positive reinforcement and those I can tell don't really know just how hard it is and give me a halfhearted "oh great!" Then I feel guilty about needing this positive feedback--it's not THEIR responsibility to keep me on track. When I told my husband he was like "oh wasn't it two years?" and then "oh I thought it was longer." I was so thrilled when I saw the date and that felt a bit like a slap in the face. I didn't react well at first but calmed down. I find it hard to deal--I KNOW he didn't mean it discouragingly I KNOW he's super proud of me I KNOW all this but I still react without the numbness of alcohol...Thanks for reading I feel some confusing emotions right now and it's so helpful to write it down to people who understand...I will not drink with you today!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a year! It's such an awesome accomplishment. This Internet stranger has an idea of how hard it is and is very proud of you! I'd love to be there myself someday. 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congratulations on one year. A sober life really is a better life. IWNDWYT:-)
I am very proud of you!  Thank you for sharing... it helps me.  I can understand about being scared.  I have talked about it for years to quit drinking but only let myself down and beat myself up over and over again.  Finally jumping in this is Day 1 for me. IWNDWYT. 
Congrats on a year!! All I can say is it is sort of cool that your husband just thinks you dont drink and its not an issue - kinda means you nailed it! 
Well done on a year - it gets easier but never goes away. Like you I once gave up for over a year - nearly three in fact but then... On my current run I've felt pretty confident (SD sub so important to me) but then today have nasty argument with my uni-student daughter who makes me feel like I've been a dreadful Dad (honestly sure I'm not that bad!) and I feel like getting back on the sauce soooo bad but I won't. IWNDWYT
Thanks - she doesn't really appreciate the effort involved in staying sober. Probably doesn't - like many. - especially notice the difference in me (apart from looking much better). I was never a dramatic drunk. Possibly in subtler ways I could have been more attentive however I could argue that the demands of work have had a greater impact on my role as parent.
Thanks for that Cycle Stopper - it's good to hear - and in time she may appreciate my struggle  
Thanks for sharing your story
Congrats one year! I also did one year and relapsed and ended up in a much worse place than had I stayed sober. It took me three years to wise up and quit drinking again. I feel guilty all the time for pissing away those three years but the past is the past. We got this and we can grow in soberness together fellow internet stranger. IWNDWYT!
