-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93qwwn/my_brother_just_cut_contact_with_me/

[I wrote this post yesterday.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93h8eq/im_ready_to_climb_back_out_of_hell_tw_suicide)  Today I called my brother because I wanted to come clean with him and admit that I'd gotten into his booze a couple of months ago. In addition I wanted to make an accountability post on Facebook and I didn't want him (or my mother) to read about my relapse/cleanup before I told them myself. . .So I told my brother. And first he thanked me for being honest. Then he proceeded to tell me how frustrated he is with me and then how sick he is of me because I "don't work hard enough for others." Finally he said "get it together" and "I don't want to hear from you anymore." . .I just sat there and listened in stunned silence. I don't even remember everything he said even though the conversation happened barely 20 minutes ago. The only time I responded was to say "okay you won't hear from me anymore" and ended the call. . .I don't know what to think. I can't think. I think this is shock. It feels like he defended all the horrific things that happened to me. Like he kicked me in the head and told me I deserved it all. That I'm useless. Worthless. . .I don't know if this sub is the place for all of this but I had to type it out. It still feels unreal. . .I am not going to drink. I don't want to. I have an intake with my new psychiatrist shortly and then after that I still need to call my mom and tell her about my relapse. I won't tell her about my brother. I can't break her heart like that. . .Thanks for listening. Stay strong everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Prayers are with you . Keep Strong..Joie
My thoughts are with you. 
Some people cut me out of their life while I was drinking. With 6 months of a good amount of sobriety and a lot of personal work these people have entered my life again and actually want me around. I'm quite shocked I particularly thought one of them would want nothing to do with me ever again. We rode bikes this weekend.  ..People that love you the most just want you to be better healthier happier. It's painful to watch someone you love destroy themselves. For me that added heartache of realization what my alcoholism was doing to those I love drove me to get better. Still drives me today. ..Goodluck dude stay strong and just dont drink today. 
I guess your brother was just sick and tired of all of drama. That is his choice of self care by keeping you out of his life. There are only a couple of things that you do moving forward get and stay sober and get honest with yourself and everyone else. At some point down the road there will be an occasion to make amends to him and he may or may not accept. That is his choice and you will have to be ready for that should it happen. As I said that type of thing does not have to be anytime soon. Your only job now is to stay sober and at some point you will have to deal with the wreckage of your past if you want long term sobriety.
Hang in there...The best life for me comes with being Unimpaired today...Then do it again tomorrow...People will decide to be back n my life and have me in theirs...One.  Sober.  Day.  At.  A. Time.
Sending all the good energy I can gather out reach drop of sunshine     wish you my best!  We don't need to continue to inflict harm on ourselves long after the original harm has been done.  We can be free.. we deserve to live our good life.  We might be broken but we can mend... we get our allotment of peace too.  I'm glad you're here and I'm very happy not to drink with you    
Stay strong your doing your best.  ..When I have a bad day I really want a drink...  but I know it will not help!
So sorry to hear that. Your post made me cry. Hopefully in time things will heal. My family is not that close in general due to family history stuff so it can feel like a wound that never heals. But I have found 'family' in friends along the way.
