-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93vbjb/im_struggling_with_the_idea_of_sobriety_day_1/

After trying to drink in moderation tonight I made the decision that I need to stop drinking all together... but I'm struggling to come to terms with the idea. ..I've found myself drinking almost every day and the thought of going a day without alcohol is miserable. I've put on weight I'm unhappy and I realise that I'm depending on alcohol and I need to stop. However I don't seem to enjoy things when I'm sober and I can't imagine a life of sobriety. I sometimes manage to cope without alcohol through the week but I cannot seem to go without on weekends. I feel as if I'm missing out and even when I keep myself busy doing things I enjoy or seeing friends/my partner I still feel bored miserable and irritable and the only thing that perks me up and makes me excited is alcohol. ..How can I get past this feeling? I genuinely don't feel as if I can find happiness without alcohol
----------immediate responses--------

The only thing that got me past that feeling was time along with a rugged determination to consistently appreciate the bright side of not drinking.  It will come around and the benefits of sobriety are overwhelmingly positive.  No doubt about it 
I can relate to you one hundred percent.  I've been a daily drinker for years and used alcohol to mellow me out and keep me from being so frustrated and irritable especially after work and when trying to manage the kids in the evenings.... but it's just not worth it the black outs pounding chest at 3am hangovers and the list goes on...  you can do this ! IWNDWYT 
That is the nature of addiction. Alcohol can have such a stranglehold on us that it can trick us into thinking we literally can't live without it. That is one powerful drug right? This is why the "one day at a time" mindset works so well. It allows us to move forward on a day-by-day basis without trying to grasp the reality of living our entire life without booze.  As time passes we slowly adjust. After 647 days not drinking I can honestly say with 100% certainty that living an alcohol-free life feels not only completely normal but it actually feels *good*. If I can do it so can you.
You are not alone in your fears about giving it up. Everyone has them. And society doesn't really make it appealing to be sober. I'm struggling with the early days of sobriety here but this is the farthest I've ever gotten. For me the key to getting this far was coming to the conclusion that whether I choose to get sober or not the fact is as long as I continue to drink I will not have the life I want for myself. It will continue to sabotage everything good for me and there is no way around it. But I looked for every possible way I could continue to drink and still  make it work.   ..Suggest reading some books like This Naked Mind Alcohol Explained and The Easy Way to Control Alcohol. For many people these helped to change their mindset or at least jump start a new way of thinking about alcohol. 
It may be hard to see for yourself but I can tell you that my life is so much better not drinking...It's not easy it's hard when it seems like everyone else does...It has been so worth it for me.
Try simply focusing on not drinking today/tonight. I could not stop drinking when I told myself I had to stop for a whole week or month... ugh impossible. I don't want to stop drinking forever I just want to not be a broken hungover mess by the morning. And then I try again the next day
[removed]
Drinking made me so utterly miserable that in the end to keep doing it I had to persuade myself that the alternative   being sober   would be a terrible terrible deprivation and loss.  ..Being a happy ex-drinker takes a bit of a mindshift   I had to accept that pretty much everything I'd convinced myself over the years was wrong! Reading books like This Naked Mind' by Annie Grace really helped as has this sub.  There's not much marketing out there for sobriety but I can honestly assure you it got better for me!  ..Such was the pull back of booze it took me two years to get the six consecutive months sober that my doctor advised   but now I'm never going back.  (To drinking I mean not the doctor!).  A bit of relapsing (not something I'd recommend) proved that drinking actually felt shit compared with being sober and beginning to like myself.  I had to do things I previously didn't think I like doing   because really all I liked doing before was drinking.  Little moments of happiness started to creep in when I least expected then they started to join up.  ..Nobody was more surprised than me to find that about two years after I started stopping drinking once I'd been totally stopped for six months I was happier than I've probably ever been.  For me its been a long game but so worth sticking with.  Best wishes.
I tell myself I do not need to perfectly visualise what my life will be like at one or 10 years sober. I was not happy when I was drinking so any change is a change for the better. Even if I stay equally unhappy at least I will have more money and better health. ..It was much the same when I started drinking. I never visualised the mess I would become but it happened anyway. By having one drink after another I built my drunken life. By having one sober day after another I'm building my sober life and it can be anything I want it to be. For now I'm watching myself. The further away I am from day 1 the more hope I have.
