-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/943x6q/day_3_i_struggled_you_saved_me_thank_you/

Thanks to everyone that replied to my post today i was so close to giving into the cravings. But I resisted and it was difficult. I took a long walk even went into the local shop and only bought chocolate and flavoured water...I never eat chocolate but my body was craving sugar so I indulged in a little bit...My biggest test will be tomorrow the weekly shop where my usual focus is on the booze and not food for the weekend...Today I have promised myself I can buy all the indulgent food I like as long as I stay far away from the alcohol isle...I think this is the way forward for me. Food has been nothing but a necessity in the past with alcohol always being the focus. I'm switching this around and buying all the foods I love but rarely eat because I'm usually focused on the alcohol...If I put on weight I'm not that bothered as long as I continue being sober. Alcohol would kill me long before a few sweet binges would...You all saved me today thank you. IWNDWYT x
----------immediate responses--------

HI ..I wasn't there for you today but I am now. Well done so far!! I'm sober for one month now and I know it's the best decision I've ever made in my life. I'm making up for the time I missed with my four children a lot of their growing up is a blur and I wish I'd have done this years ago...Keep going it's worth it xx
I struggled today but this group is keeping me going it's amazing. 
I didn't see your post earlier but the crowd here are fantastic!..May I offer you my tip for your booze-free shopping?  Low cal high protein ice-cream like Halo Top Oppo Breyers etc have got me through many a booze craving.  Now I  sometimes have a massive urge for ice cream but it's never made me unsafe to work or drive pout me in hospital or jail or made me be douche-y to people I love.  I would be a douche though if my husband touched my Opponent Columbian Chocolate and Hazelnut.  The Salted Caramel and Cookies &amp; Cream are his he knows that...I put on a stone the first year of quitting for good   told myself I would eat what I wanted as long as I didn't drink.  Have lost 12 pounds of it so far after knuckling down a bit since my soberversary in May would like another stone off really but frankly I feel so good if it happens that's great.  If not I'm still a hell of a lot healthier than I was...Good luck to you buddy may the SD force be with you in the supermarket aisles tomorrow  :)  
Glad you made it through! It gets easier one day at a time. Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
Make sure you go on with a list and meal plan for the week!  Plus no one will think twice if you don't even look at the alcohol aisle or just room past it.  They make the bottles enticing for a reason!  Good luck!  You got this!
