-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9449cp/recipe_for_relapse/

Hotel room alone tonight. Chance to sleep in tomorrow. Wife would never know. ..I would know. ..Tonight I hold the recipe for relapse. I will not be cooking with it :)..Going to hit the treadmill then find a tasty dinner and watch a movie. ..Sober on friends. ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you!
You've got this! Rent a movie and go to bed knowing you won't be hungover tomorrow morning. IWNDWYT!
Good plan your smart for preparing ahead of time.
That would be a very hard situation for me so I can relate.  Iwndwyt!
Nice!  Thanks for posting this!  
I can relate my friend. Biggest disappointment the next day. Spirals down from there. 
Right!  I would just add one more thing to your recipe:  It feels justifiable.  Every relapse in history has seemed like a good thing at the time.  It's raining fuck it.  It's a nice day out fuck it.  Lost my job got my dream job got drunk yesterday didn't get drunk yesterday I've broken promises before fuck it.  ..It always makes sense at the time.  I feel like the most sinister part of this addictive mind is that is that it always knows what to tell you to get what it wants.  It might not always be obvious at the time but that justification just feels SO true why wouldn't you use?..But it seems you are moving past all that. Besides this way you can actually remember your awesome dinner and a movie!   
Just because you can doesn't mean you should! 
I have yet to wake up any morning wishing that I would have drank the night before. Stay strong!
This will be my night come Monday when I'm away for training. Makes me wonder how I will sleep.. never went to training without drinking to sleep.. I'm nervous
Looks like you also hold the recipe for a morning without intense anxiety and guilt! Sober on friend!
My trouble lately is if I think about I can't get it out of my head. Awesome you're making a plan. If  you stick to your plan it will stick to you.
If you're anything like me everyone will know in a week. Might not know it started tonight but the snowball would go well into next week. Iwndwyt
"Wife would never know."..But *you* would know. And who wants to get back on that tiresome merry-go-round pretending to be sober Frank to your wife and family while drunk Frank is looking for any excuse to knock a few back? I remember how much work that dual life was. I don't know if "honesty is the best policy" but it's a lot less exhausting!..Sleep well tonight. Sleep the sleep of innocence unmarred by guilt.
Good show buddy! That would be a major trigger for me... boring ass hotels got nothing really to do.. except for one thing! NOT drink!
I just got home from four days on the road. My first time away since getting sober. It was a little awkward but once I settled into it I realized; I didn't miss the anxiety of waking up late hungover tired the next morning. Worried that the booze I was packing in my suitcase would be found out by my co worker. Even a little guilty about the pile of beer cans I'd leave in the trash when it was obvious only one person stayed in the room. Overall a great trip and I'm so glad I stayed sober. You got this! Enjoy the quiet and having a room to yourself. 
Buy yourself a good meal! Watch a good movie and relish in the fact that you can explain it to people later!!
This is what I will do if I'm ever in this situation. Good idea and good job!
The second the thought of having a drink pops in my mind i grab my headphones and running shoes then im off. I get back sweaty feeling 150% better about my self
I'm in the same boat. Out of town for three weeks no one here knows I don't drink. Could very easily relapse. Honestly I want to tonight. But I decided that all I would do tonight (along with my work) was to not drink and I succeeded. ..Tomorrow I'm going to my first AA meeting. I'm still thinking like a drinker and I need some accountability. 
You've got this. Thanks for posting.  IWNDWYT
Hell yeah. Exercise is always my quickest remedy. Stay strong. You got this.  
Treadmill... good call. IWNDWYT 
 Been there .  You hit the nail on the head.  No one know but you would.  Keep it up!  
Congrats! IWNDWYT 
Some days are harder than others and that's the truth. Glad you are staying strong g!
Business travel. It's a danger fo sho. 
&gt; Wife would never know. ..If it were me I would have a conflicted mood for weeks afterword. People can tell. 
I will be alone in Pittsburgh for two weeks for training come Sunday...Frankly it scares the shit out of me.
I'd say do it. But.. I'm a drunk every night so don't listen to me!   Embrace and welcome the challenge!  
Superstar!..IWNDWYT
Badass well played. Recognizing temptations and triggers is key to survival...Austin said that the recipe for relapse also includes: HALT..Hungry..Angry..Lonely..Tired..Any one of these or a combination of and bad times are ahead.
Awesome. I like this. IWNDWYT:-)
Oh crikey do I know that one. Bloody well done for recognising the danger and winning! ..That's the thing about sobriety you could sneak drinks lots of times without anyone except you knowing. And for me there's two things to remember - 1 that it won't stop there and 2. the idea was to stop being a lying sneaky weasel of a drinker (who actually fooled people far less than she thought). ..My sobriety is one thing I haven't screwed up or disappointed myself with. You'd think it would not have taken me until middle-age to learn that being a lazy lying cheat only ends up hurting me and no one else but it did. And I could drink sometimes and then lie to my family or in meetings. But I stopped being that person and I don't wanna go back. ..So let's not drink today friends. We got this.  
had 45 days or so down and relapsed i feel the fuck out of this. 
I got some melatonin to take with me. Thanks!
Amazing post. I need to pick up your determination.
Wow! Love reading this today. IWNDWYT 
That is when you know when you are strong. The perfect storm to get trashed and you say no! Be proud my friend. 
Good for you! Stay strong and avoid the temptation. It's when we're alone and know we can get away with it when things are dangerous. IWNDWYT! 
Ive been in a very similar situation the past couple of days. My sober muscles have gotten an amazing workout fending off my alcoholic brain. This room doesn't just have the little mini bottles of liquor it has big fucking bottles I could do some serious damage with. I'll keep on not drinking with you today :)
Just came back from a three-day conference in another city. Tempted but focused on other things... Recipe for relapse  is a great phrase! I like how it suggests we can stay aware of conditions and situations that might make things slippery for us...Nice job!
Good for you drink some bubbly sparkling water and take a long hot shower without worrying about your water bill! Lol
You'd know.
The recipe for relapse is a spicy one and like a spicy dish the next day it will leave you with regrets and physical torment. But it all seriousness I hope you found the willpower to stay sober last night - I will not drink with you today!
Truth. ..Then again give me any letter and I'll be able to come up with something (I'm an alcoholic it's what we do - think of reasons to drink)
I'm off to vacation with my family starting tonight. We're returning to the same house we've been to for years...and I'm cringing about all the memories I have in that house drinking and hung over. I'm 50/50 right now: hoping I don't screw up and looking forward to the time alcohol-free!  My boys deserve it and I deserve it too! .
You can do it! This way you will wake up well-rested instead of dragging yourself through the rest of the weekend!
I am going to a bachelor party in New Orleans next Friday.  Two weeks almost to the day quitting.  If it wasn't for the incredible food there I would be more nervous.  I am still rather nervous though.  Plan is to just eat my way through the two days on crawfish and fried food.
