-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/944l0r/a_question_about_relapse/

After my first week of sobriety which was going to just be a "break" I decided I want to stop drinking completely. Ever since that decision I've been terrified of relapsing. I guess that fear comes from having heard how most people relapse and understanding that to mean that most people fail to stop drinking. I don't want to fail to stop drinking because alcohol is starting to ruin my life. But I was doing some reading today that suggested that a relapse is just a normal part of the process of becoming sober. Meaning you shouldn't be too afraid of one and should even expect it to happen as a natural part of the process and focus on harm reduction when (not if) it happens...Either way I'm still terrified of a relapse because I'm terrified of my addiction getting worse or doing more harm to my body. I've been feeling so terrible lately and I really don't want to feel worse. If I do relapse I don't think I should treat it as a complete failure. I still have 69+ sober days under my belt and that's better than nothing. But I'm not sure if a relapse would completely derail my progress in recovery or if it's more like cheating on a diet or getting out of the habit of working out...What do you think? Are relapses expected? Are they a normal part of the process? Will they completely derail sobriety? Or are they more like cheating on a diet or getting out of the habit of working out?..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's something in the middle--it's common and totally surmountable and often a part of an important transformation process but kindling is also a thing and the value of unabridged brain-healing time cannot be overstated. What I try to do is protect unbroken sobriety in a positive brain-healing-focused way instead of resist relapse in a fearful way. ..Relapse isn't inevitable nor must it completely derail a person. You cannot misplace your path.
I can't let a relapse happen because that would be like opening the floodgates. Once I was serious about sobriety there was no more "cheat days" and every day I have to be vigilant to a certain degree although it does get easier. 
[removed]
Relapse is always a possibility no matter how much time you have.  It is not an inevitability  if you take it one day at a time.  It doesn't have to happen but often does.  I used the "relapse is part of the program " as a loophole to go back to drinking because I wasn't ready to fully surrender and accept my alcoholism. ..I have a healthy fear of relapse  but I try not to dwell on it.  I have tried and failed many times. The key is to keep trying. Someday  it will stick. ..Best of luck to you . Keep going! You're doing great!
