-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/945mat/these_are_the_hardest_kinds_of_nights/

So it's been 3 weeks now. I'm happy about that...Anyway these are the kind of nights where it is extremely hard for me to rid myself of that voice that says "go get a bottle." I'll try to explain. I have nothing to do tomorrow. I could sleep in until noon. I don't work tomorrow I have no pressing responsibilities of any kind. I don't have anything that I want to do tonight. I live alone and my friends are busy...I've heard this advice on here a lot (not that it is bad advice by any means): "You should pick up a new hobby!". Here's the thing. I have far too many hobbies. I am a creative and active person. I play several instruments I compose and produce music I write software and video games I play video games I play poker I am a cyclist and live in a city where every night of the week I can walk and go see some sort of performance (unfortunately usually in a place that serves alcohol but I digress...). ..Here's the thing about hobbies that some might be struggling with- sometimes we just plain don't want to do them on a given night. "Sweet I took up woodworking but I just plain don't want to break out the saw tonight." Some nights I just want to do basically nothing. Absorb mindless media and laze on the couch. Here's the problem. My brain associates those nights heavily with alcohol badly.  I know it's mostly just "boredom" and I also get angry at myself for even being "bored" with all of the stuff I know I can and like to do. How do I break this association?
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean. How about meditation? It's relaxing can make you feel a whole lot better clearer mind more focus? 
Could you lounge around somewhere else in the house? That's been working for me  this week. I drank in the bedroom while watching TV so now I try to sit In the living room to watch TV.  Just a thought.  Habits are hard to break.    
This is exactly what I'm up against. I rarely drank for boredom or lack of things to do but as a defense on the nights when I had been doing things constantly for so long that I needed a break.  Now it's hardest on those nights because it's hard to let go of all the thoughts worries and various things going on all day... 
