-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/948xwh/i_know_nobody_wants_to_hear_about_someone_elses/

Hi everyone!..I've started remembering my dreams again and I'd forgotten how delightful dreaming can be. Last night I had a dream which involved both travel &amp; hanging out with baby elephants at a water-park sanctuary. Thank you for taking me on an overnight vacation Subconscious it was highly refreshing...Which is good because I went to bed a two hours earlier than I have been hoping to catch up on sleep but woke up about three hours early. I suppose that detoxing off of anything is bound to screw with sleep and I also haven't been keeping very regular hours. I'm not a person who does well on little sleep though so hopefully I can get my sleep into a regular schedule soon...However waking up at the butt crack of dawn means that it's not even 7am &amp; I've already taken care of a few things online cleaned my bathroom &amp; am ready to head out to a meeting. Which should give me time to take a nap later today...I've been thinking over the suggestions that my sponsor gave me yesterday. They weren't all things that I would necessarily choose to do myself (gratitude journal I'm looking at you) but they were all extremely reasonable. And she certainly is better at managing her life than I am mine. ..In the spirit of throwing things at the wall &amp; seeing what sticks I am making the conscious decision to follow all of her suggestions so long as they remain reasonable and ethical. The first thing that I'm grateful for is a stranger being willing to spend an hour and a half in Starbucks with me talking me through getting my shit together...I'm already reading two of the three little daily recovery books that she reads &amp; recommended (because I'm a secret overachiever.) I get sick of staring at screens all the time &amp; enjoy paper books but she pointed me to a [website of daily recovery readings](http://recoveryreadings.com) that I wasn't aware of &amp; which someone might find useful...The only cravings I'm struggling with at all are for cigarettes. I've got a sinus infection brewing (which I'm of course blaming on allergies &amp; not smoking) which helps remind me why smoking is a terrible idea. And it is. Like any addiction the temporary payoff is nowhere near worth the long-term cost...That's me hope life finds you well...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Based on the new posts in askreddit I would say a lot of people want to hear about other peoples dreams 
You had me at baby elephants   
Dreams are so important for our mental wellbeing! Also alcohol inhibits REM sleep...
I notice this too- in the last few months I'm finally sleeping deeply and well enough to dream again! Dreams are weird but it's good to know my brain is healing from the years of crappy alcohol sleep. 
I am really enjoying your daily posts. You have my sympathy for sinus infections I just got over one. ..I was very skeptical of doing a gratitude journal as well. However it seemed less patronizing and also did not suck as much as I anticipated it would. Sorry if that's not a ringing endorsement. Let me try again - I found it to be more worthwhile than I anticipated...Have a great Friday and look forward to reading your post tomorrow ..IWNDWYT .
You reminded me of a line from the movie Sheltering Sky--the man begins describing his dream and his wife rolls her eyes and moans "Other people's dreams are so *boring*." Cracks me up. Yours isn't boring though! Magical elephants. :-)
Congrats on 8 days and thanks for the link! I truly enjoy &amp; use on a daily basis SD and other daily inspiration/encouragement to help keep me on track.  I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
