-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/949w61/will_anxiety_be_reduced_in_sobrietywhats_your/

Tl;dr Did your anxiety/social anxiety decrease in sobriety? If so how long in sobriety did it take. ..I am in my late 20s and have been drinking since I was 18/19. Not necessarily a heavy drinker since then probably heavy since 21. ..3 years ago I was a social butterfly working in a social profession. Fast forward to now and I have extreme social anxiety. I am almost certain this was caused/worsened by my drinking. Throughout the years I have tried to quit usually getting a month or two in before relapsing. ..My question is that if I manage to stay sober (which I totally intend to do) will my anxiety and social anxiety levels decrease? I always had some minor social anxiety but nothing debilitating. ..Any input would be appreated specifically if you sobered up what was a timeline like of when/if your anxiety was reduced? ..Because I am only two weeks sober right now I am kind of just getting over the foggy brain etc. 
----------immediate responses--------

It will reach the peak at mark 2-3 months than starts to release (my case). 
I took ashwaghanda and skullcap for my own severe anxiety and it worked wonders.  Right away.  Like there's literally no wait time it effects me Now.  Which means I took it until I felt super comfortable normally.  They're nirvine herbs that calm the nervous system naturally.  At that point we begin to be able to reason ourselves calmly into developing more chill behaviour on our own.  I take a calm b-vitamin supplement now and I like it.  
I also turned from a social butterfly to an extremely socially anxious person over the course of my drinking career.  It blows my mind how that could happen...I AM starting to feel better.  I'm definitely not cured yet but I am really starting to believe this path is going to lead to an anxiety recovery.  I've had a few touchstone moments where I was like  whoa I never would have felt that calm during this situation a few months ago.   I've heard a lot of people say they didn't start feeling better for 6 months and didn't really feel good until 1 or 1.5 years.  You really have to hang in there.  Through all the waves of anxiety and feeling like sobriety is  pointless.  I've been going to a weekly Buddhist discussion / meditation and I think those teachings and that human interaction have been critical for me as well.
