-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94alcj/still_feel_ashamed/

Hey I posted yesterday about relapsing at one week. I'm still feeling absolutely furious at myself. I keep thinking back on my drunk night and trying to piece it all together. I barely remember driving to get food which is the thing that freaks me out the most. I'm usually really good about not driving and I had been taking lyfts that night I don't even know why I decided to drive. Like I keep looking out at my car to make sure there's no damage I keep worrying maybe I hit a car or a pedestrian and I don't remember it. I mean I think that's being a little paranoid even that drunk I'm sure I would remember causing actual damage but still. I'm just so so upset with myself. Obviously I don't want to touch booze at all right now and won't be drinking but do any of you have some advice about how to get out of a shame spiral? ..Also definitely putting this here as a reminder to myself next time I feel like drinking how shitty it feels to brown out/blackout and not be in control of my own actions. 
----------immediate responses--------

As cliche and obvious as it sounds *time* has always helped diminish my feelings of shame fear and anxiety caused by alcohol binges...When I would drink after trying to be sober I'd see it as a failure. But it's not. After many endless attempts I view them as learning experiences now. Because without them I'd probably still be doing the same old thing getting overly sauced...After a hangover it lasted me up to 4 or 5 days of being sober before I started to feel normal again. My brain goes into overdrive and once it runs out of gas I rely on lots of sleep and water to nurse myself back to normal...Exercise has helped me a lot too or just walking and being outside definitely takes away from the shame I was feeling. Yoga is also extremely beneficial too...You can do this! Go easy on yourself and know that you're not alone here!..IWNDWYT!  
Thanks for sharing and good for you for having the strength and the will to confess out loud; that is a really hard thing to do when ashamed...If you are at a point where you do not need to make any outward amends and it is truly just a matter of committing to improving and letting go of the past then in my experience you have another really hard task ahead: forgiving yourself...I have never been able to move forward with myself once the external things are said and done and dealt with without actually saying out loud to myself in the mirror  I forgive you.  Several times a day especially when my heart started to hurt my brain knew that that emotion was no longer useful...Someone smarter than me told me to do it. It sounded hokey and felt really awkward for the first two days or so but then I started to believe it and was relieved. Over time it has become easier as well as much less frequently required.  It still helps me to get unstuck when I feel guilty about a bad decision but I do not use it for simple guilts like eating far too much ice cream. I reserve it for situations where I really need a powerful tool of self-love...Learn forgive grow. Repeat...Good luck to you on your fresh path.
[removed]
Dont look back lgo forward you made s dangerous mistake...but that's gone. iwndwyt
