-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94ao7r/it_will_be_only_a_few_beers_said_by_me_by_the/

Hello /r/stopdrinking !..So i was sober for 300 days or so. ..I felt amazing. I had a lot of more cash i've lost over 30 pounds my blood samples were absolutely perfect like i never drank before. I even stopped taking antabuse because i was just disgusted by even the tought of alcohol. It worked. I did it i tought...But. But my fianc e's family invited us to a HUGE family gathering and they are kind of "hillbillies". So when you go there you supposed to do three things:..1. Answer all the questions about how serious we are with my fianc e;..2. Eat;..3. Drink...And i knew as my fianc e that if i don't drink there they will tear me apart with questions why and if i say something like i take medicines they would ask why? And since it was my first meeting i really didn't want to lie or anything like that...So the day before we went there i talked with my fianc e that i will drink but as soon we arrive home i start to take antabuse again because my soberity was really important for both of us. The day before departing i went there where i didn't set my foot in 300 days. The liquor section of the grocery store. I bought 5 beers. At home i popped one up i was disgusted by the taste (i really like beer before) but i drank the first one. The second one was even easier and the 5th one was delicious. I was black out drunk...The next day we arrived HUGE family gathering they give me the beer i accept it and i drink it. So i passed the "test"...We came back home but i didn't took my antabuse. I was like: "Hey a few beers in a month won't hurt right?"...The very next day after work i bought an other five. Then also the next day...This going on for 5 months with the only difference that the 5 became 10 (the 0.5 liters ones). ..Until the 20th. My boss was extremly idiotic in the last few months so drinking really helped but that day she made me so angry i just wanted to fucking cut my throat. I wanted to die. ..Okay so this isn't my first run with this so i went to the ER before shit hits the fan. I told them that i need a psychiatrist now. They sent one i told her what's up (i didn't mention the alcohol) and i told her i would like to be hospitalized for a week because of therapies and so on...She said sure and then she told me to go to my room drop of my stuff and go to her office for a longer and proper interview. ..Her first question: Mr. /u/Hunthrowaway do you drink? Because i see on your papers that you are a diagnosed alcoholic. ..I was sitting there in silence for a good 2 minutes. I wanted to say: YES FUCKING HELP ME PLEASE but i was hesitating. And i finally said while crying: "I stopped the fucking antabuse and i drink every day. Please help."..She smiled and said would you like to be on aversive therapy (antabuse)? I said yes...So that morning i got my first antabuse and also a drug called triapid which do wonders for me. So i left the hospital the next friday packed up with antabuse and triapid. So far it's great to be sober again...I will never fucking ever fall into that trap that "i will drink only a few then antabuse again". No that's impossible at least for me...Now i'm fat i'm broke but i'm sober. The first two will change but this time (this is my first big relapse) i will not change the soberity. Triapid really makes the cravings go away and antabuse... well i'd like to live...I will not drink with you tonight!..Thanks for the reading. Wish me luck...-/u/Hunthrowaway 
----------immediate responses--------

Well back to sobriety!! Congrats on taking the steps you needed to get back here that's no easy task. 
Welcome back on the sober wagonI too have failed and reset my badge.we can do this and IWNDWYT     
I'm glad you made it back here Hunt. I'll leave one of my favorite Churchill quotes: " Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is perhaps the end of the beginning." Stay strong I believe in you! IWNDWYT
Tiapride interesting. Not a drug I'd heard of until now but it seems like it does have some efficacy for alcoholism. Must be more of a European thing 
Thanks for sharing. Great to hear you were honest with the therapist. I made an appointment today for next week and I'm continually coaching myself to be 100% transparent. Kind of a sign that just after I run into this story.
Isn't Antabuse supposed to make you very ill and throw up if you drink? Because I drank on it before and nothing happened. So what is the purpose of the medication? Just asking bc I am getting over a 2 month bender withdrawling at home with Valium and gabapentin..
Maybe I just didn't take it long enough then.. I probably only stayed on it a days bc I was drinking hard on it and I never got sick so figured they didn't work. I will talk to my dr about it. Do you think it helped keep you sober? 
