-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94bhma/i_need_help/

I posted last night but it was deleted as I was not sober. I am now. I really need to stop but I'm struggling. What got you thru it? I'm on the verge of wrecking multiple relationships (I'm single so family/friends) help.... please
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I got to the point that drinking was not fun but a prison that was killing me. I have tried multiple times to stop in the past 17 months. This time around I went to my doctor got meds for my anxiety and depression. When I was 7 days sober I went on naltrexone. The most important thing for me is to put my sobriety first. I started doing guided meditation for sleep and eating healthy to promote healing. Today is a great day for a day one. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
Hey Blitz - glad you're here and sober....I too needed help. I went to detox counseling medical doctors meetings nutritionists started meditating went to the gym kept busy stuck to sober people / sober places developed a sober support network and hung out here at SD constantly. I read/posted/commented and hung out in our IRC to chat with other SDer's 24/7. It helped to know that others knew what I was going through and were willing to help and support me....I also read everything I possibly could to educate myself on alcoholism. In the sidebar on the right there's a ton of resources....There's one thing in particular that truly helped me in the first few days - if you're up from some reading try [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xckfo/how_did_you_get_through_the_first_few_days/)...It's not easy but it is possible to get and stay sober...Anything we can do to help?
You've come to the right place. It all starts with one moment of clarity when you know you need help to stop and you've had enough. ..Everyone's different as far as what got them to that point and how to start healing but you will hear many of us say: try not to drink just for today. Don't think about tomorrow or next week... just ask yourself if you can make it through today without alcohol. ..It may seem like a minuscule or monumental thing to do. Either way we all had a day one before any other day. ..We are here for you and we know your pain. There is hope and you've taken the first step by posting here. For me finding this sub and reading This Naked Mind helped me immensely. As stated above others went to their doctors for help. Take whatever steps necessary to stay sober today. ..IWNDWYT 
Welcome!  I have tried to quit or moderate my drinking for a long time.  AA wasn't for me so I resigned myself to "Well this is just who I am."  And then (Que the angels singing) I found this sub!  Making a pledge to myself and others to not drink today helped me.  Posting my story calling out for help when I needed it or just ranting helped me.  Even if no one read my posts or comments  it helped me to get it out.  I found out what trigger me into drinking and changed it up.  I did other stuff.  The posts and books/videos in the sidebar is very helpful.   .One day at a time one hour one minute be in the moment.   You can do this..I will not drink with you today!
Welcome blitzfish! This is a great place for support. You'll find a lot of tools people are using to take this one day at a time and people at all different levels of sobriety. I'm glad you posted again...
Hi Blitz - you're already doing something great; you're reaching out and being honest! I am on my first week of not binge drinking and I can't believe the number of times I've had to already be honest and turn down offers to have a beer. I've been pushed on it a little bit but nothing major. I also sometimes try to avoid the situation in the first place and plan something else...I also enjoy drinking at home (I actually don't usually binge drink in social situations) and for that I keep alcohol out of my home. When I think about getting some I keep reading SD until I think of something else to do (laundry cleaning work exercise reading etc.). I finally worked up the confidence to make a doctor appointment where I'm going to be honest and ask for advice. I think that reaching out online and in-person is helping me pass the time each day (today is the first time I've posted anything online anywhere in years). ..You're doing a great thing by reaching out and sharing! 
AA. Try several meetings. Look for a rehab program. .Also look at the source of your problem. The majority of alcoholics have a physical predisposition to alcohol. It is a disease. So willpower and trying to go it alone is useless. You need support of some kind. Medical spiritual or psychological take your pick. 
There is no simple answer to that question. It affects everyone differently depending on how long how much and how they drunk. Throw in genetics and it makes for a very different experience for each person. Giving up is something that you have to work out for yourself but there are lots of people here who want to help you.  There are recurring themes of things that work and someone here will have had the same experience that you are going through and help...One of the things that there is a lot of evidence for is the benefits that belonging to a support community such as here or AA or the others. This is difficult to do alone don't be a stranger here...If you have drunk heavily and or for a long time then suddenly stopping can be dangerous. The withdrawal symptoms can be very serious. Speaking to your doctor may be worth considering...I would be lying to you if I didn't tell you that it's difficult. You just have to go through it and there is no short cut. So what worked for me is taking one day at a time. Just get through today. I will not drink with you today. IWNDWYT.  I avoided friends socialising changed my route home from work went to bed early and hide in the duvet. Some days were white knuckle rides. Just get through today...What is amazing is how much my health appearance and general well being improved after a couple of weeks. When they say alcohol is poison - they are not kidding. ..The first couple of weeks were physically withdrawing (Acute Withdrawl)  I struggled to understand what I was feeling and the website VeryWellMind had a good page called *** Stages of Alcohol Withdrawal Symptoms From Day 1 to Day 30 and Beyond *** helped me through those early days...I found that knowledge was power. The more I understood the easier it was to cope. The books  Alcohol Explained  by William Porter and  This Naked Mind  by Annie Grace made a big difference. I would highly recommend them...The youtube talk by Kevin McCauly that was uploaded two months ago called  The Brain and Recovery: An update on the Neuroscience of Addiction  was very informative...You can do this. 
