-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94d43v/on_self_confidence_discussion/

How long after you stopped drinking did it take for you to regain your self confidence? What did that journey look like for you? Do you still struggle with it?
----------immediate responses--------

I think being around people who don't drink helps ALOT . Know that you are doing a really brave thing and deserve to be happy about it !!! 
It slowly comes back. As the real you re-emerges so does your confidence. Being sober for a while improves your mood your energy also returns. Many of us claim to be functioning alcoholics but that is bull shit. I was operating at about 60% and falling. After a few months sober I could stand over my actions and my memory and my anxiety reduced. Rather than being always hungover and looking for the easily life I have become more assertive and I also get angry (which is a good thing it shows my confidence is returning. It's the renewed energy mental clarity lack of memory loss and less stress that leads to self confidence returning. I suggest journaling as it can be really trivial things in early sobriety that are like winning gold Olympic medals!  Best of luck
What helped me increase self confidence was being around non-drinkers such as at AA meetings. Also having a therapist who specialized in addiction benefited me greatly..Then time. 
[removed]
Gaining self confidence hasn't been a linear thing for me. It's also volitale as in some days I finally feel like I've turned a corner only to have it all stripped away the next day. Though I definitely have a new much higher 'floor' now. I attribute that to taking care of my body and mind much more than I ever had. ..There were some things that definitly helped me. One was understanding I'm not remotely close to the first person to go through this. Another was realizing I can't get something or somewhere if I don't even know what I want or need. I guess that could be filed under soul searching. 
