-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94gas4/relapsed_after_8_months/

So I don't usually post here but I lurk almost daily. I recently saw a post about someone mentioning they find it encouraging when people post relapse stories and say it wasn't worth it. I want to contribute to those posts. ..It all started when I began hanging out with some old friends from high school. They were mentioning me not drinking a lot when we hung out and it was always obvious they didn't like me being the only sober one. ..I started thinking maybe being sober isn't worth it after all. I'm a 21 y/o guy and still have a lot of time to screw up. ..So we were having a pregame before going out one day. They offered me drinks all the time and for some reason I finally gave in. The night itself actually wasn't that bad. I got quite drunk and did/said some stupid shit but the real bad stuff were the after effects...I should mention I'm also really into fitness powerlifting specifically and weigh and log all my calories/macros etc. ..The morning after I woke up with a hangover just two hours before work (evening shift). That day I just ate junk food and my energy was near zero. I actually haven't eaten like I used to for a whole week now. I've just been eating shit and not bothering with tracking anything. I'm 100% certain this wouldn't have happened if I stayed sober. Now this probably doesn't sound that dramatic but for me this is huge. I haven't really had a major cheat day or anything like that since March before this...Anyway just wanted to say I really regret drinking and don't think it was worth it at all. I will be aiming for more than 8 months this time around. 
----------immediate responses--------

It takes a lot of courage to confess when we've made a mistake but this post is absolutely worthwhile. I could have stopped when I was 21 when I got a DUI but kept going for seven more years. It wasn't worth it. I didn't learn anything new. Maybe I had some fun times drunk but I barely remember those in comparison to the chaos and problems I created from my drinking. ..I'm so glad you're back here with us. 
Sounds like you are in a good headspace about it.  Don't forget the eight months you WERE physically sober for.  Your relapse doesn't take  those sober months away from your body...IWNDWYT
[removed]
I had true peace only when I went to Minnesota treatment. After that I felt that I don't have to drink anymore.
Classic domino effect. When you fall you might as well fall all the way and in many areas at once for several days sometimes weeks and months.
Oh gosh yes I can see why this would really bother you as someone who is super committed to their health.  You'll bounce back in no time but it's a good cautionary tale for others!
You've already proved to yourself that you can quit for eight months at a time. So congrats on your new goal of topping that!
