-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94gck4/insomnia_and_depression/

It's been 2 weeks for me since I drank last. I don't really crave alcohol or have a strong desire to drink often but I have struggled with severe depression and anxiety for the past few years. Lately I've felt it creeping back day by day and I self-medicate with alcohol. That's when I want to drink. I have this constant anxiety about a few things going on in my life and this unwavering depression. Drinking helps it go away. This is my first actual attempt at sobriety because I realize it's screws up the good things in my life. I hate that I've been feeling so down lately and lonely (for no apparent reason). I've cried every day for the past 3 days. I don't usually feel like this (at least not for a month or two). Usually on a Friday night I would go grab some drinks with friends to chill out... It's hard. Also I have the usual insomnia that I get whenever I don't drink for a bit  does anyone else experience this?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been in the same boat as you. Maybe not as bad but definitely similar. I struggled with depression when my drinking was at its worst. That was one of the biggest reasons I drank. ..What really helped me was finding a hobby and really committing to it. For me that was powerlifting. The feeling of being a better version of myself every morning I wake up than the previous one is really motivating. ..I still get days when I feel down and just want to stay in bed all day. What helps me on those days is thinking about why I ended up feeling like this. And that was alcohol for the most part. Alcohol doesn't solve anything. It just pushes your problems away so they can come back stronger.
I have anxiety. I dealt with it by drinking for years.  When I got help and took it one day at a time sobriety helped heal me.  I still have anxiety but it is so much better. Drinking caused a lot of my anxiety.  And sobriety took away my depression.  Sobriety also made my sleep better. Everyone's journey is different but sobriety is worth it...Wishing you the very best! It can get better! IWNDWYT 
Its 2:30am and I can't stand this insomnia and i refuse to take sleep aids.  This is the second time I am experiencing detox and it eventually the sleep pattern goes back to normal.  The anxiety at 4am is what I dread.  Thats when I replay the last 15 years of my liife and how happy I used to be and how I threw it all away. I am seeing a therapist for the depression.  Hang in there. 
I've struggled with insomnia and severe anxiety for years. I drank to fall asleep I drank to curb the anxiety and I drank to stop worrying....the list goes on. .After a lot of thought and advice from friends I started taking lexapro about 2 weeks ago and stopped drinking 5 days ago now..Before when I would try to stop drinking I'd give in after a day or 2 because the insomnia and racing thought were so bad. Now i still have mild insomnia but no more racing thoughts significantly less anxiety....not saying it works for everyone but once I got help for my mental struggles it was the catalyst for me to also stop drinking and I feel great. It's hard to push through at times but you can do it!
