-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94hboq/four_months_of_sober_living/

Hello ..I really am not sure what is compelling me to write this out but here we go. I have been drinking since I was a teenager in high school because I discovered that the liquid courage in a bottle seemingly gave me a personality and made me an easy-going witty funny human-being. Spiraling for years and years ever deeper I had assumed I was a lost cause and on the verge of accepting that I was going to be an outcast for the rest of my life due to my wholehearted  embrace of drunken lunacy. Isolated and lonely I destroyed the final fragments of any real or perceived relationships I had with the people foolish enough to still be in my life and moved back into my parents house (again) to "sober up and save money". Given and ultimatum of rehab or a homeless shelter should I relapse I promptly spent every dime I had left on a three month long bender. Thus begins my tale. ..I arrived at the treatment center early in the morning after being awake for the entirety of the four excruciating days I deemed a suitable amount of pre-rehab sobriety. Having just spent the entire night moving out of my freezing apartment I was mere seconds away from being an almost 30 year old man crying or passing out in public. The first guy I saw had the gall to smile at me and welcome me. The second guy I ran into graduated high school with me. Welp I gave rehab a try guys. Gave the ol' rehab a try let's go home now. ..Only he pulled me in close off a handshake and said "Hey man! How are you?! Welcome! We're excited to have you and by the way I went through the 9 month program myself. You got this."..Which obviously I didn't know. ..Having faced in my mind a doomsday scenario simply by walking through the door I suddenly felt my mind ease and the anxiety loosen it's grip. I guess I should really do this right huh? Always in the back of my head I had kept drinking and kept progressing in my addiction because I figured that for some entirely selfish and insane reason that I was special and would figure it out one day. Only that day never came. Suddenly I decided that if it's come to this point there is only one thing left to do: complete the whole...fuckin'...thing. ..A balding ugly man helped me carry my things to my dorm. He explained that he had an affinity for shooting heroin in his neck. Neat. My roommate arrived the next day fresh from the homeless shelter. Joy. But what was not accounted for was how everyone in that building knew exactly what I was going through and rationalized as I did and faced similar progressions through their addictions. These guys had stories and I needed to hear them. Never have I been good at listening. My counselor gave me the harrowing news my first day of group therapy that I wouldn't be allowed to talk for my first week. This meant I couldn't joke and BS my way through seat-of-my-pants style like I did everything else in life. I was doomed. Then the most remarkable thing happened. I actually heard some of the things people shared. Reality hit me like a pillowcase full of bars of soap. These people and more importantly myself were in the throes of a fight for our lives. ..As time went on the darndest thing happened. My personality started peeking out to assess the situation. I cracked jokes. Many many many jokes. I should have been beat up several times. Along with realizing that I had been the guy with the great personality all this time I started to think clearer and more confidently. I made friends. I started taking an active role in my sobriety as I had in my addiction. ..If anyone is interested in the rest of the story so far I'll try and put it up tomorrow. It's late. ..Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sure I'd love to hear it. You have the writing style of a good storyteller and probably some good stories to tell. 
I would also like to hear more please .
&lt;3 would love to hear more 
Would love to hear it!
Me too!
Please continue!
Yes please continue! You're a great story teller (non-fiction :))
Yes please keep telling your story. 
Thank you for sharing. You have a gift for story-telling. IWNDWYT! 
Yes to be continued! Thanks for sharing your story with us. Looking forward to reading more. Keep up the hard work! We all know too well that it isn't easy.
