-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94jmow/two_years_went_by/

... and a few days ago I celebrated it with a couple of colleagues. They all know about my addiction they're all pretty supportive. I don't have many friends but the I do gather awesome people around me...It's crazy. Two years ago I hit rock bottom emotionally. I finally broke down. Not being able to continue my behavior I sought help. An AA-like program which was pretty intense. It helped me cope with a lot of things from the past and finally made me understood why I was addicted. After a few months I was done with the program. Did go to a couple of AA meetings afterwards but stopped going. Haven't been there since...Amongst opening up to my fellow addicts and sharing my past there was one thing that really made me grow in that time. While talking about some struggles and some fears I had I had some doubts. Not sure how to proceed. One of the two group professionals (he had been an heroin addict himself for 15 years) was dead silent and then spoke. ..Now whenever he spoke you knew he would come up with something good there was something about him. A deep and profound knowledge about people. Cutting through any bullshit with sincerity and clarity. He looked me in the eyes and asked this question:..&gt; "BlueEyezzz how good are you in taking responsibility?"..Silence. **Boom! **. This question hit me with a ton of bricks. Because it was the question I have never asked myself. Ever. The weeks afterwards this question went through my mind multiple times a day...Fast forward two years later. Still sober. ..That one question that one really hit me. In a positive way. I still ask myself this question... "How am I taking responsibility in how to deal with this?". And than take responsibility in taking on the things I can do and change...I am happy. And sober. And I take full responsibility for my life :)..Stay strong fellow addicts. It doesn't matter if you are 10 years sober 2 years or even started last week. Today I will not drink. Are you with me?..Yesterday I said "not today" today I say "not today" and tomorrow.. Tomorrow I'll probably say "not today" again :)
----------immediate responses--------

And not today till the rest of my life :) Great job bravo! So haooy for you! IWNDWYT !!!
Great! I will not drink with you today either! 
Thank you for sharing this question. It's profound and something I really needed to hear today. ..Congratulations on your journey and best wishes for the future as well IWNDWYT 
 The courage to change the things I can .Always inspired by this line about taking responsibility. Congrats.  IWNDWYT. 
Damn  good one.  I just keep learning stuff here.  
I am with you. Not going to drink today. 
