-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94qqp5/did_anyone_drinkuse_to_work_now_i_feel_like_i/

I am at 95 days sober and about six months clean from stimulants. I abused the stimulants heavily for many years. In the early years of my using I did it to socialize/"party" but in more recent years I abused prescription and street amphetamine as well as alcohol (the latter with less success) to excel at work. I am not sure if we're talking about psychological dependence here but I am basically feeling unable to write a single thing at this point. I have a deadline of this evening and I have days of notes but nothing coalescing. I haven't written anything for months. I have fucked up a few times with this publisher for the exact same reason. My brain won't focus or let me think of anything creative yet this is my job. If I fuck up too many more times with too many people I'm going to permanently lose these opportunities. ..I want to use again. I want to do anything to unleash what feels trapped in me by sobriety. For years I did not sleep adequately eat take care of my health clean decorate or set appropriate boundaries. All I did was work and use and fuck up my interpersonal relationships. Now it's like the opposite. All I do is eat chia seeds and berries and meditate and do the dishes... but I'm useless when it comes to productive creative work output. I am living off my savings. I don't want to disappoint people. I am desperate. I could pick up again so easily. I could get through this deadline. ..Has anyone else experienced this? I'm scared and alone in a foreign country. I don't want to lose these opportunities. I am getting desperate. I only have a few more hours. I don't know if sobriety is worth it. What's the point of "self-care" if I'm just a numb disconnected individual who can't do anything besides practice self-care?
----------immediate responses--------

I feel for yu ... I can't answer any of your questions.  I wish yu well though. Other people who are on this site will jump on a bit later and have much more insight these I do.  Iwndwyt 
Your brain has got to be still reeling coming off the antidepressants and benzos along with having recently gotten sober. You're missing your deadline here because you're sick from all this. No one could be creative and brilliant under those conditions. Please give yourself a break. Your creativity and ability to write will return eventually. Hang in there. 
I'm sorry you're struggling. I think you can get through this. When things work a certain way for a while we tend to think "This is how it is and should be." But that's not actually true; even bones made of words get weary. It doesn't always have to flow. ..It can be cobbled together with twine and spit if necessary. It can be tedious and workmanlike but it can be completed that way anyway and it is okay that nothing is always fire nothing is always fast and sleek and nothing ever will be. You can do this. ..If you can't think don't think--just don't stop typing until you have a way in. Let your hands bring you. There are no false starts; that's you starting. It's not supposed to be fire today. Leave that rough patch where it lies; keep writing. It's fine. Knowing you can push through this assignment will mean something very important something you can rely on--you. It's all in there.  .. A word is not the same with one writer as it is with another. One tears it from his guts. The other pulls it out of his overcoat pocket. ..  Charles P guy Basic Verities Prose and Poetry
I have experienced that - when I first got sober after years of using booze to help me do the midnight oil shift I found I hit a wall really hard. I let a few things slide and focused on just getting done what was really urgent and didn't fuss myself on whether I thought it was good or great or whatever. Just workmanlike words was enough for then [I am a writer too - freelance journalism and corporate comms]. Basically as /u/chrysavera as suggested is what I did - just write and write and churn it out and then look at it AFTER there's a whole bunch of text there and cut and weld and polish. Sometimes we just have to trust our subconscious to come on through if we keep the "monkey mind" from getting in the way. Your subconscious knows how to write it really does. I found not over-thinking it really crucial... just bang away at the keyboard. If nothing else I would find I had some kind of progress to show and could then feel less unprofessional asking for more time...I hope you can find your way through my friend xxx.
All I can say to you is that I used to think alcohol and drugs were fuel for my creativity. But now it's slowly coming back and it's even better than it was before. ..There's a quote that I like it's something like: 'alcohol doesn't increase the quality of your work it just lowers your standards of what's acceptable'.
I can relate. In a previous stretch of long sobriety I couldn't access my art practice at all. It took radically rethinking how I allowed myself to think of my process- my focus was shot- I had to think modularly and trust the modules would link coherently. It resulted in some successful work. The sober mind has everything in it that the using one did plus more even if it's more painful. 
Yes. I'm a programmer and sobriety has made it much harder for me to focus on work (for now). That's the reason I've started taking Prozac. I'd recommend talking to a psychiatrist about your need up focus on work and trusting their advice. Coming off of Wellbutrin and Benzos is a challenge. Don't fall into the trap of self-medicating just to get some work done. But don't be afraid of medicine taken with professional guidance that can help you live your life.
Oof you have a lot going on friend. Deadline pressure + coming off of meds... that would have me in a panic attack. Is there any way you can be kind to yourself here? Renegotiate the deadline ? I know that you fear you'll jeopardize future opportunities but is there a way that you can communicate this without coming across as (and feeling like) a fuck up? Can you explain that there are health reasons at play?..For the long run I encourage you to try something like the morning pages journaling technique...Hang in there. IWNDWYT.
