-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94reqq/oh_sunday_morning_how_i_love_enjoying_you_without/

After detoxing for about 4-5 days I spent the last week feeling pretty good. Anxiety is WAY down even though I am going through some pretty intense life changing things with my husband and my overall outlook on life. I didn't get that much sleep last night but I don't mind because I was on the phone with a friend who is really having a hard time dealing with the fact her boyfriend broke up with her. I was sober on a Saturday night in a good state of mind and could be an ear for someone struggling. THAT my friends is what it is about!!!! IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work!!
Congrats on being there for your friend! I too like to recognize what I would have missed out on had I been drinking. Yesterday I was able to provide a sober ride home to friends after tubing--three months ago it would've been unthinkable that I'd be a sober driver...Way to go! Hope you keep feeling the better effects! iwndwyt!
Woohooo! Amazing stuff. IWNDWYT!
This is my first Sunday sober in months and I was up early and enjoying it! Love it!
I woke up at 7 today and went to play soccer and was shocked at how many other people were out... you mean you can just get up early and do stuff and that's normal?? It's so crazy that perception shift after getting sober.
I wish I was in your shoes instead of hung over
My first Sunday too in months. Felt amazing! Up before the sun came up and walked the dog.  Super cool stuff is happening! I will not drink with you or myself today 
Yes! Sundays without a hangover make everything else in life seem extremely trivial especially compared to how they once were when I felt like shit and everything was a chore/task. Keep up the great work.
Its amazing what getting over that initial hump hungover withdrawing or cravings will do. The goal is to keep the ball rolling.
I went out to the bar last night (where I have a lot of friends) and didn't drink (lovely that the bartender when he and one of my friends were doing shots poured me a glass of water in a shot glass instead :D). I didn't get to sleep til 2AM just like the old days. Unlike the old days I was up and awake by 10AM after 8 hours of very refreshing sleep rather than in bed or just hanging around the apartment with an awful hangover. IWNDWYT.
