-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94z1i5/i_need_some_help/

I've been creeping here for a couple of weeks. I've been working on getting a week sober. Instead I get three days followed by a relapse and falling up the stairs. Hello new goose egg and bruise. I'm pissed at myself. I don't drink daily. But I drink to excess. It's a major problem. Like major. My health both physical and mental are in rough shape. I'm only in my mid 30s. I CANT have a drink. It ALWAYS turns into a LOT of drinks. I have fatty liver. My dad died of cirrhosis. I have bi polar depression. I go two or four days with no alcohol and then I drink a 6-12 pack of beer. I need help. I'm seeing a psychiatrist but I lie to him. I lie to everyone. Any advice is welcome. I'm super agnostic and really really not into group therapy. I spend my life being an extrovert but I'm not into talking about my feelings.
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse is a normal part of getting sober. Im on day 8 of heroin and alcohol today but most times I have tried I did not even get this far. Stay positive try to find some activities that keeps beer of your head. Could be sports learning a new skill or just watching TV. What ever works for you. Having someone to talk to (on the phone web face to face) when you think about drinking could also be a good help. If you ever feel like talking contact me.  ...Good luck champ!
You are more typical than  you think you are.  You have a problem  shared. By oh so many people. The thing is it's pretty difficult to do this alone. I mean you can drink alone. But you just can't get sober  alone. AA is free and it works. For real.  Yeah it takes time out of your day. And it takes re-prioritizing your life. But that's what you want right?  You want this pain to end? You want to feel like a real person again with Real hopes and dreams? I know you do. We all do.  From what I now see happening to myself it seems you can have all that.   Just give it an honest go. You can do more than you think when you have a crowd helping you.
Obviously to stop lying is part of the solution. You just did that in your post here. Regard it as a big step in the right direction and be proud. Next step could be telling the truth off the internet. Maybe next time you see your psychiatrist? Might be easier to tell him/her first and then friends and family if neccessary. And he might as well have some ideas where to find local help.
Welcome! I have bipolar disorder too. Drinking during an episode made my episodes way worse. I had 125 days and then relapsed and it was NOT worth it...I am seeing a psychiatrist too and I have been in therapy (1 on 1) and on anti-craving meds for alcohol too a couple of years ago. At that time therapy didn't really do anything for me. The therapy didn't take into account my mental health issues and I didn't truly want to give it up and wasn't ready to go through the discomfort of cravings or experiencing life without the crutch of alcohol. I did learn some tools that are helpful now though. ..Many people here are helped by learning about alcohol and what it does with your brain and body through books like  a naked mind'.  Maybe start there and by reading in this sub?..The best of luck and hope to see other posts of you here soon...
[removed]
