-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/951rp2/uncomfortably_numb/

Long time lurker first time poster. Thank you all for this incredible group the support is inspirational and the stories are so real and raw and sadly familiar. I need and want to stop...it's terrifying to me bc as someone else here said I feel like a weird scared mouse without my vino. The hiding vodka in juice bottles box of cheap wine in the back of my car drinking secretly at work is shameful and frankly disgusting. Add on the more recent development of the awful evil white powder fueled the fire and now I'm circling the drain. Am posting here bc there is literally NOONE that I can admit  the whole story to not even my therapist....I would be put in a straight jacket or jail immediately. I told my beloved husband last night that I'm done drinking and he is beyond supportive he knew but was waiting for me to make the decision. He drinks some but stops after 1 or 2 and that's ok w me. Scarier still is that I have a looooong history of a pretty severe eating disorder (I'm 50 and been struggling w it since my teenage years) and I used booze initially allay my anxiety about eating but it got to the point that I wouldn't eat at all and just drink. So here I am battling both addictions (eating disorder is an addiction). Gonna start with one day and try to make it a full work week anything beyond that goal is just too overwhelming right now. Sigh any good vibes would be appreciated thank you for being out there you guys and gals are wonderful. (Sorry for long post  )
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on making a great choice!  Welcome to our group!..&gt; Gonna start with one day and try to make it a full work week..I only ever do one day.  Forever is scary as shit and if I fail I'm terrified of what it would mean.  So I put off quitting until tomorrow; today I just know my head will hit the pillow sober.  It took me a while to figure out what that meant but on the plus side I'm a born procrastinator so 'worry about quitting until tomorrow' comes naturally.
Thanks for posting and good that you reach out here. Like you say take it one day a time because there may be a lot to deal with. It takes a lot of courage to decide to stop and to face your problems. Good luck! IWNDWYT
&gt;Am posting here bc there is literally NOONE that I can admit the whole story to not even my therapist....I would be put in a straight jacket or jail immediately. ..This just isn't true.  Many many people deal with addiction.  You are engaging in addictive behaviors but you won't be institutionalized for admitting them to someone and getting help.  If you don't feel like your therapist would listen to/understand this then you need a new therapist...IWNDWYT!
Go to a meeting 
 Hugs .Never apologize for the long post... it's the internet we've got all the space in the world. ..Feel free to unload here if that's where you're most comfortable opening up. It really helps to say our worst fears and faults and mistakes out loud and find out we're just like everyone else no better no worse...Do not let your shame bind you. We are all ashamed and shouldn't be. We're human flawed and fabulous. Read some Brene Brown or see her TEDtalks for enlightenment on that subjext. ..To say you have no one might not be wholy accurate about what sounds like a supportive husband. Your therapist should be able to listen without prejudice and if they don't give them the boot..I read This Naked Mind and it did wonders for me. SD is even more help...I will not drink with you today my friend or succumb to my own eating disorder. We can get thru this together...
