-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9551ti/some_things_ive_learned_after_18_months_of/

I am beyond grateful for the change that the universe has given me. In many ways I feel like a completely different person. I am able to successfully deal with problems that used to baffle me and I am able to experience real happiness not simulated by drinks or drugs. These are some things I've learned in my sobriety that may help a newcomer...1. Being sober involves work..The ability to have self discipline and willingness to work are absolutely necessary. I need to maintain positive relationships healthy mannerisms rigorous honesty in order to stay sober and happy. These are things I didn't understand when I was drinking. At this point I'm very busy. Lots of meetings sponsees classes and of course a labor intensive day job. Without these things my recovery is just a passing phase. Faith without works is dead...2. Sometimes the best option is to lock yourself up. .In my experience some people are just not able to stop drinking without extreme intervention. ALOT of the people I know(myself included) had to be arrested or committed to an inpatient program in order to even BEGIN to change into an person who can live a sober life. Although this isn't  always the case sometimes it's better to clean the slate and start over. Quit your job end the toxic relationships and go to a rehab where people can start making decisions for you...3.  I AM NEVER CURED. .In my experience no matter how well I may be feeling or how involved I am in recovery circles I always have another relapse inside of me. When I do relapse it picks up right where I left off before I got sober. My relapse is totally dependent on my work in recovery. If I stop doing the recovery lifestyle I slowly begin to be sucked back into the monster. Even if I have several years of sobriety I can never entirely eradicate who I am as an addict. I must always take medicine for my illness. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 18 months of sobriety.  It sounds like you have gained wisdom.
Thank you so much for sharing your insights. I so relate and yes sobriety takes work. The work you put in pays back tenfold. ..Sending good energy for your continued successes IWNDWYT 
So true my friend. I caught myself yesterday thinking about getting wasted. I indulged in the feeling of just chilling at home by myself listening to music surfing the internet smoking and drinking the whole day. I would order pizza make a bet on the game do all the things I used to enjoy while drunk. I had to slap myself. There is definitely a relapse inside of me that I have to guard very carefully. If I had someone near me yesterday who suggested going for a drink I probably would have caved. Onward!
