-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/955y0g/lurking/

I lurked for a long time two years I think. I was just curious right? I like reading about people their struggles their triumphs. So I was just interested? Just something to read on my lunch break at work a couple of threads on my homepage slotted in between memes and foodporn?..Except that wasn't really true. Maybe it was at the start - who knows. The content of this sub came from existing in the recesses of my brain into the foreground and eventually I created a new username posted and committed to this...I needed that time to lurk to slowly acclimatise to the idea that I had to stop and to understand that stopping was even possible. For a long time that was incomprehensible; but just because I couldn't fathom it didn't mean it wasn't the truth. ..So here's to the lurkers keep reading this sub keep an open mind keep open eyes to the manipulative messages in the media and keep this strength that you're building. Today may be your day maybe not perhaps tomorrow - but it is coming. You can do this. Sending love. IWNDWY.
----------immediate responses--------

Love to you !!! Glad you are here saying hey . I've been around over a year and a half  trying to get it right . We know within ourselves when it's happening !! Again Welcome to SD!!! 
It took me years to finally come around too. The guilt was in the back of my mind haunting me for a long time. So glad I did finally come around. Glad you did too. My life is so much better this way even if it comes with challenges.
I was calling myself an alcoholic outloud but could not stop for a year until something clicked one day. Totally random. Not even the ER visit had stopped me. As long as the flame stays alive one day it'll get the fire going. ..But I do know SD has helped keep me going one day at a time. 
This is exactly what I did too! Finally got a badge decided to start commenting and checking this sub at least once a day. Thanks for your post! IWNDWY
I am on the opposite end of this. I came to SD from a recommendation from a counselor in the rehab I was in approx 2 weeks after leaving the rehab. Point being that it doesn't really matter what path you take. Congrats to you &amp; all lurkers who find the path. Stay strong!  Peace
I followed a similar path. I also like iced coffee quite a bit. ..IWNDWY
