-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9598ag/drinking_as_a_coping_mechanism/

Created a separate account just to get some things off my chest. I'm a 30 yo f and over the last few years I've developed an addiction to alcohol. It initially began as just a fun thing I'd do with friends perhaps once a week. Then as my friends moved on with their lives it was driven by sheer boredom and became more frequent...I've always struggled with anxiety and bouts of manic depression which have worsened since I watched my grandpa wither and pass away from COPD last year. It's gotten so bad that I recently quit a new job after only 2 days because I felt far too overwhelmed. Thankfully I was able to go back to my old occupation but I'm disappointed in myself...To cope I drink because I have this faulty notion that if I'm drunk it'll keep me from getting into a bad mindset. The irony is that in the morning when I'm hung over I'm wallowing in self-loathing having done that to myself yet again...It's gotten to a point where I sometimes drink most nights out of the week. This past bout alone I've gotten drunk at least 4 times in a row. I never go out keeping all of this at home...My boyfriend who drinks just as frequently though not as heavily has had to stop me from doing something potentially harmful numerous times (i.e. one night I apparently blacked out and tried to cook noodles. He smelled smoke and found them burning on the stove)...I feel as if I no longer really know who I am without alcohol. Even if I manage to stay sober for a few days the anxiety and cravings come creeping back and I'm emptying another liquor bottle. I wake up nauseous listless and generally just miserable to be alive. It affects my work and free time. I don't engage in my hobbies because I simply don't have the energy. I want to make more of a conscious effort to change but I don't even know where to begin on my own...Tl;dr: long-time lurker throwing a pity-party and looking for advice on how to kick alcohol habit.
----------immediate responses--------

Lurking is   me too at times.  When ready to take the big step lots of support and knowledge here on StopDrinking.  This place works for me ... maybe 40 days off the booze.  So while I cannot offer much in the way of advice I sure do wish you well.  This is doable and very worthwhile thing your pondering on.  Iwndwyt 
It took me years and years to get IT. I had to have enough negative feelings about alcohol to finally decide to quit. That was the hard part for me admitting I was screwed if I didn't quit. ..How did I do it?.How do I stay sober?..The how... simply put I hung out here. Read posted and commented. ..I read  This naked mind . It explains why I drank in the first place and why I never have to drink again. ..And how do I stay sober? Simply put I am so happy and healthy and feeling over the top fantastic I NEVER want to go back. I've lost 14% of my total body weight I ride my bike over 200 a week and EVERYONE says how great I look. I'll never drink again. Why would it?
I recommend to really really try and fight to do a week without alcohol and then see how you feel. It's only a week you can do it. 
Eliminating alcohol from my life was the best thing I could've done for my mental health. Alcohol is a *very* temporary fix that will only make matters worse in the end. Quitting drinking is not easy. It takes lots of effort from different angles in order to quit long-term. Checking in here everyday is a great start. Get yourself a badge next to your username. In addition therapy meetings daily exercise and meditation are all tools I have used in order to maintain sobriety. You've already taken the biggest step: realizing that you need to quit for good. Now let's do this. IWNDWYT
