-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95wzou/so_i_made_to_90_and_am_struggling/

I quit drinking and chewing tobacco the same day. I miss both habits daily even though I remember how destructive they were. Recently the cravings have become a persistent bug gnawing at my brain. I have really been struggling. I had a doctors appointment yesterday and he prescribed me Naltrexone (AKA Depade). I kind of feel like I am failing this whole sober thing..Please let me know if anyone else has used this and if so how was the experience?
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't used Naltrexone but I definitely felt the 90 day slump. There was something about 90 days for me where I'd start thinking I had everything under control and could drink again or could stop working on my sobriety and be lazy or get tired of the struggle etc etc. At about that time it felt like the initial joy of sobriety the fear of using the memory of the pain of addiction or whatever it was that was keeping me sober through the intense cravings had faded and I had to power through on my own. After a few 90 day relapses I got serious kept myself accountable through this sub and a SMART Recovery group read This Naked Mind and something stuck. It sounds like you're being proactive in your sobriety by visiting a doctor and getting medication - this sounds like the opposite of failure to me even though the nature of addiction is to make you feel like you're failing. 90 days is a huge achievement congratulate yourself for being strong and for reaching out. I believe in you and I will not drink with you today :)
You are not falling you are overthinking and pumping your anxiety. 90 days is relatively short period (by means of full recovery) and usually PAWS starts to play with you then. Naltrexone helps with cravings I am using it. No side effects. Just relax take one day at time find support and things are going to be fine :)
\[removed\]
I haven't used Naltroxone but I have quit alcohol and tobacco.  You are so not alone in this.  I still struggle mostly with the nicotine.  I was a smoker for most or 20 years.  It totally fucked up my brain's reward system and it's a really hard adjustment to sober and nicotine free.  The more I struggle the more I know this fight is worth the difficulty.  It is getting better even though it's hard to see in the moment.  You can do it!  Good job talking to your doc.  I hope the drug helps you.  IWNDWYT
Thank you for the comments it really helps to hear from people struggling through the same shit as I. IWNDWYT
