-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/960qzz/it_could_have_been_322_days/

I just came in to reset my badge to 10 days because I've been in and out of relapse over the past series of months. I've had large sober pockets in between but my last relapse was really bad because it was in tandem with heat exhaustion. It took roughly this long to recover physically and it's been a real eye opener. Death could have been a possibility if I didn't stop when I did...I came to stop drinking to reset my badge and subscribe as a reminder that this behavior has to stop if I want to achieve any of my dreams. Thats when I saw that my badge was at 322 days. That's how much time I've been living in an autopilot dreamlike state. I could have been at almost a year! ..This was a real wake up call for me and I wish I could have celebrated my 30th birthday feeling accomplished instead of ashamed delirious and in bed...I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm feeling like you right now
Hey leviathan welcome back.  I'm glad nothing serious happened to you.  You've learned a lot from your sober and unsober time.  Those lessons will serve you well going forward.  There's a lot of support here for you.  You can do this!
Oh yeah I only have a few days and it was so easy to just be back in the rabbit hole...
I know what you mean it's so freaking hard to get momentum in recovery again after a relapse. One more reason to keep putting work into my sobriety. IWNDWYT 
This sounds familiar. Relapsed a couple of weeks ago and got progressively worse until I was hammered from midday on Tuesday until 4am on one of the hottest days of the year drank no water at all (that'd been a waste right?) went to bed sweated through the night and woke up missing work to a resting heart rate of 130bpm (usually 67) and rising. My poor heart couldn't pump the thick gloopy blood quick enough so had a trip to the ER to be put on a drip before I had a heart attack. They knew exactly what I'd been up to and gave me the most withering crushing looks of sadness and disappointment...I couldn't be more grateful for the whole experience. Since then I've had very little desire to repeat feeling that awful and it's such a vivid memory that it'll stick with me. I'll work on finding more tools but that is a pretty effective one to have added.
