-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/962r9b/a_stranger_insulted_my_weight_as_i_walked_by/

I'm one of the people who gained a lot of weight due to drinking eating crappy food etc. - over 100 lbs. I'm tallish and carry it \*relatively\* well but there's no denying that I am a very large person. I also struggle with disordered eating and depression/anxiety so losing weight has been a struggle for very long. (s/n: I'm down 10 lbs from the highest weight I settled at since I've cut back on and now stopped drinking. This is the first time in years I've had any success - great motivator!)..I was walking home from dinner with a friend who is very short and petite. We don't really look that similar but we have the same hair color eye color etc. so I see how people could think we are related. We passed a man on the sidewalk and as is customary in the south I gave him a smile. He responded with "I hope your daughter doesn't end up like you!"..We were both stunned and just kept walking at first then ranted about what an asshole thing that was to say. I vented my frustration at the way society views fat people I ruminated through my *l'esprit de l'escalier* I felt my confidence crumble and worst of all I felt a voice screaming deep inside me "FUCK I need a drink!"..But then I thought about how silly it would be to throw away my progress and well-being over some random jackhole on the sidewalk. I stepped back and acknowledged my anger and hurt but also reminded myself that he is just some rude man whose opinions and thoughts I really don't care about and that I should not lose my confidence or self-love over the negativity he chooses to put out in the world. And I realized that I really didn't want a drink at all and even more intoxicating is the strength and power inside me. I processed it let it go and I am now relaxing comfortably at home feeling accomplished...Tl;dr - random jerk insulted my weight I did not flee into the nearest bottle my self-esteem remains stronger than ever and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Argh!! I hate that for you! Mean people are the worst. But your strength and response are a breath of sweet air. Keep going just stay on your path. IWNDWYT 
I hope his daughter doesn't end up like him: a total asshole. Sheesh. I know how hurtful those types of comments are and how they can become an earworm ruining a whole day.  So instead of thinking about that think about how proud I am that you've gone a week without drinking!  I think that's wonderful.  The first week is the hardest. ..Good job sticking to your convictions.  You're not gonna let that jerk take anything away from you.  You've got a great shiny week of sobriety and I hope you are proud of what you've accomplished.  I'm proud of you.  ..
Wow that is a person with terrible character &amp; you are so fortunate to be nothing like him.
What is WRONG with this world?  It's almost scary how mean some people can be. Sorry you were subjected to that. But it sounds as though the incident made you stronger.  Best to you. 
What people think of me is none of my business. I take care of me pray for him. 
I don't usually find this type of thinking helpful but.....If you drink he wins...Don't drink. You don't need it.
You can lose the weight with diet and exercise habit changes. Inconsiderate nasty asshole however is a lifetime personality trait. I would venture this person lives their life being mean and you were just there for an easy snipe. Don't let 'em get the best of you. They are are not worth acknowledgement.
There are many inflammatory people in the world.  We can't help that they are just well jackholes.  Congratulations on your decision to react in a healthy way.  
That's a really lame thing for anyone to say. I'm glad you took it in stride and rose above it! 
What a fucking asshole.
Fuck him man.  Shallow people have some serious soul problems.
That guy must be suffering pretty badly himself if he's spewing vitriol everywhere he goes. Makes me think of the  fite me u fuk!  meme of an angry chihuahua lol. He has a major malfunction. At least you're working on yours already and they're on their way to erasure. 
Yay! That is so inspiring! And that man is a little shit! Fuck him! .. Am really happy to hear about your weight loss since you stopped drinking. I also started seeing less puffiness in my face around week one or two. ..I was also overweight when I was drinking. I would always try to lose weight but the scale never budged. After I stopped drinking and had been sober for about six weeks I wanted a new challenge so I went to r/loseit for advice. It was work but I lost all the weight in March and have gotten in probably the best shape of my life (that's not saying much but I am still proud of myself!). My (albeit unsolicited) advice is to put any feelings you have about your weight on hold including the comments from this asshole and focus on your sobriety first. To me that has been the cornerstone of my self-improvements. Plus maybe you will be one of those lucky bastards who loses a ton of weight just from not drinking :) ..You are doing so great! Keep it up!!! 
I'm amazed at the grace you carry yourself with. Very well done wish I had half of it IWNDWYT 
What a D- bag!  Congratulations for not drinking.  IWNDWYT 
I love you.  You are beautiful.  IWNDWYT!!
Wow. Wow. I'm overweight probably the carbohydrate addiction I'm nursing since not drinking. And I eat crappy Foods because I don't look after myself. Sometimes I'm just surviving...That comment is not a reflection of you it's a reflection of the asshat who made the comment. Internet hugs if you want them.
Congratulations upon your eight days :)..Sorry for you to be the receiver of negative speech. ..Myself and many others had difficulty trying to change many things about ourselves at the same time we stopped drinking. Sobriety takes a lot of focus and energy. I found that it was best for me to work on my sobriety one day at a time first and foremost; i found that it helped me to eat whatever I wanted when I stopped drinking. After a few months or so when I felt more in control I was able to try to improve other parts of myself such as changing my diet to reduce my excess weight that  had accumulated over a 12 year period of alcohol and sugar based foods. I used r/ketogains and r/keto that I read about here on SD. I now weigh less and feel really great. But I didn't rush I took the time to modify my lifestyle choices after I felt committed to long term sobriety...You have a wonderful start and attitude. Thank you for motivating me to be more aware of my words and actions.
Don't let Jackson Mc Asshat get you down. He is and will probably always be a massive tool. You sir are not. You are amazing!..IWNDWYT
I remember once someone did that to me and it was mortifying. If you want to lose weight just stay sober (I speak from experience). 
fuck em
Hey I had a similar experience (mine was less blunt) but it was a wake up call for me. I had just quit drinking and hadn't lost any weight yet. It was fucking humiliating. But after a few month of not drinking I started to shed weight and and in better shape now than I have ever been. Don't let your humiliation be an anchor. Make it your wind.
Damn what an asshole I was walking home from gym and a guy wanted to come into our complex so I opened the gate for him as he came he commented about how cold it was and I (after doing an hour of cardio at the gym) was warm and said nah it's not that bad he responded with "because you are fat" and I just couldn't help but start laughing and I was surprised normally I would be hurt and sad. It was just the funniest thing at the time. People that are assholes are really just broken on the inside and are projecting. Poor bastards :P
When I stopped drinking over the course of six months I went from 262 to about 215-220 (bounced around a lot in that range). And I was kinda stuck there. ..Started the intermittent fast thing - 16 hours fast/8 hours to eat - about a month ago and I'm down under 210 already and it's still coming off. You're very early in sobriety so I don't know if adding more change is a good idea or not but you might want to consider this at a later time. ..Great job on not letting that jerk trigger you. Well done!
I very much understand where you're coming from.  Over 5 years of drinking I went from a 10k runner weighing 135lbs to a difficult to walk fast person weighing 220lbs.  I was always naturally and easily thin damn booze changed that...but I'm working hard to get it back not because I want to be thin only for vanity but because I want my health back.  ..ALong with getting on the treadmill I've recently starting intermittent fasting.  Like SD helped me get sober this sub is helping me get my weight and running back.  /r/intermittentfasting/..IWNDWYT nor will I eat within my fast hours with you.  ;)
I'm so glad you didn't let that creep steal your sobriety and your joy. You are the winner he is the loser. What an asshole.
Hey fuck that guy...I often wonder how insecure people are that feel the need to comment constantly on the appearance of others...You keep doing what you gotta do for your health and happiness. Keep keeping on glad you didnt give that guy the satisfaction of ruining your sober streak!
Wow how rude!  Congrats on not letting some random rude idiot sideline your progress.
What an A grade Arse Hole. I bet he was no oil painting himself the odious prat! Ignore him you can lose weight - but only if you want to. It'll be far harder for him to become a decent human being! And congrats on not drinking. You're doing so well  
Yep the reality is that in life you're going to run into people like that.  I have a theory that people that do that secretly hate their own lives and in order for them to feel good about themselves they have to make other people feel bad.
You can lose weight. That jerk will be a jerk forever. You have the better deal. 
Posted this in another thread but I think it applies you.  ..book '[The Four Agreements](https://www.amazon.com/Four-Agreements-Practical-Personal-Freedom/dp/1878424319).' Sounds like you're on your way to mastering number 2!..1. Be impeccable with your word.   1. Speak with integrity; say only what you mean.2. Don't take anything personally.   1. Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others you won't be the victim of needless suffering..3. Don't make assumptions.   1. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want; communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings sadness and drama.4. Always do your best.   1. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; under any circumstance simply do you best and you will avoid self-judgement self-abuse and regret
