-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/964ojk/day_oneagain/

I'm lying in bed after my first full day of not drinking in weeks. I can't even count the number of times I've stopped. Told myself never again. Beginning and pleading with myself to stay sober. It never lasts. I've come to realize it's because of my silence. I came here to try and start putting an end to that. Starting tomorrow I'm telling my friends and family about what I'm struggling with. I can't do this on my own. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to do the same thing.  What seemed so scary to even consider doing turned out to be such a massive relief that is hard to describe.  Good luck friend!
We are here for you friend. And we are listening anytime you want to share anything. IWNDWYT 
I told some key people too. And I told others about in a more casual way. It was great to have it as part of my everyday conversation. You really have no idea about some people's drinking habits until you talk about it in regular conversation. You can do it. Comfort food and NA drinks on hand at all times. Mind the withdrawals. Let's do this.
Good one Million I found the same..I was a stay in the closet drinker and drink quitter to a miserable way to do things.  I still have only fessed up to three people with my StopDrinking and I have near beer in the fridge for any guests that stop by. Only one has! It matters not.. I'm sober! I can drive safely and responsibly if need be. I can make sound decisions.... hell Millions yu got me on a roll I should right a post! Iwndwyt 
Hiya! IWNDWYT. You've got this:-)
[removed]
For me sobriety was very much like a muscle.  I didn't lose all the work I'd achieved when I had a slip I simply was building the strength of my sobriety muscle.  Like climbing a mountain if I ascended 500ft and slipped 20 I still hadn't fallen back to rock bottom yet...Being open with those around you will probably help in ways you cannot yet even imagine.  You have got this.  It may seem daunting now but when you look back you can be proud of all of the work you put in and all of the learning you aquired in your resets of continuous sobriety.
