-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/965pnh/my_journey_so_far_and_what_ive_done_and_learned/

Hi guys so my names Tommy I'm 23 and I live in Southern England. So to make a long story short I grew up in a suburb known for gang violence drugs and just all round fuckery. I was bullied in school relentlessly and as a result I fell into the wrong crowds in my later teenage years from the age of 16 I got in with a crowd of thugs with all sorts of colourful backgrounds people who were dealing and all sorts. I delved into drinking heavily almost every week from 16 and when I hit 18(the legal drinking age here) it made it all the easier to get my hands on the stuff before long I found myself dabbling in fights petty crime like shoplifting and just being an all round cunt of a person. I would get in constant arguments with my parents over tiniest of things my siblings were scared of me my most shameful moment easily was coming home so grossly drunk that when my dad rightfully confronts me on my drinking I threatened to fight him. Never been more ashamed in my life. ..I managed to get away from the thug scene and drugs I got a job and continued to work but my drinking continued and to a worse degree than before. I decided this year that my drinking really has to stop as I began hurting everywhere I could physically feel my liver being strained and my kidneys felt like they were being stabbed. I wasn't eating properly I wasn't eating properly if at all my bodily functions weren't normal. I continued to work at my job with a customer service smile but really I was dying inside both physically and mentally. I decided 4 days ago enough is enough I tipped all beer I had down the sink 3 bottles of scotch got rid of all my alcohol related items all of it had to go. I told my parents I had had enough of it and they accepted the fact I was wanting to stop drinking with open arms and have helped me massively so far. ..So if anything by writing the following down below a little journey breakdowns so far that I might be able to help motivate someone to make that first step. So here's my day by day breakdown so far:..\- Day 1: Sweaty mess cravings through the roof anxious as hell barley able to sit still at my desk unable to concentrate and looking like I've been poisoned to quote my colleague. ..\- Day 2: Still sweaty shakes wanting to jump out of my own skin and into a new body horrific bathroom trips multiple times...\- Day 3: Starting to feel a little more alive still anxious but the sweats and shakes have calmed down bathroom trips becoming less frequent...\- Day 4: SOLID POOP WOOHOO! Had a decent nights sleep so decent that I woke up at 5 am watching the sun come up with a healthy granola breakfast and coffee feeling much more alive went for a slow jog in the woods with heilung blasting their musical crack into my ears going to work on my fire pit that I started on before I quit drinking and go work on my first module for the online course in criminal profiling I got accepted onto...so guys I know its different for everyone depending on how much you were drinking and how often but for me the fact that I'm feeling much more alive and like an actual human in just 4 days of abstinence is just...fucking incredible to me! I never thought in a million years I could string this many days together but I have and have every bit of distraction and motivation I need right now to stay clean. I know I'm at risk of relapsing at any point(trust me I've done it so many times) we're only human after all but as so many people have said to me here "you never fail till you stop trying." Sorry for the long wall of text but I wanted to get this all off my chest and hopefully encourage some to carry on with the fact that if I can do this anyone can if you are determined. ..Thanks for listening everyone IWNDWYT. ..\- Tommy
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations Tommy!   Keep up the healthy everything!   I enjoy your writing.  IWNDWYT 
Cool beans Tommy thanks for sharing!..Glad to hear you're starting to feel better (hooray for solid poo eh!)... I wish I'd got sober at 23 instead of nearly 33 what a fab opportunity for you.....Onwards and upwards and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congratulations!  Sober On!
Sounds like a healthy progression so far Tommy.  Keep up the fantastic work.  Looks like you are getting through the worst of the physical part.  Now onward and upward with the healthy lifestyle changes!!!  You can do it!!!  IWNDWYT.
Hold strong Tommy!  You're doing such an awesome thing here for future you!  I'm very proud of you    **iwndwyt**
Fuck yeah Tommy!  ..Welcome- it gets better and better
