-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96bs3l/gross/

Before the last relapse I was a few months in and lost 15 pounds. Now back to almost where I was. I think I tried too many things at once. Anyhoo looking at myself I think I look like a saggy balloon that has been deflated and inflated one too many times. No desire to exercise AT ALL this go round. Back story: collegiate athlete female sexually assaulted turned drunken party girl turned drunken colleague turned drunken mom now sober. the frumpiness is killing me but I cannot will myself to move. My diet sucks since I have been using food and non-alcoholic calories to buffer any cravings and sitting on my ass on this sub. I am a small person so this 20 pounds looks god awful. ..How do ya'll do it all? to live the life I want I need to figure out how to: be Sober (going well so far) eat healthy (former eating disorder) have a fitness routine (helps the depression) maintain high-level defense career (always loved this and kicking ass at it) mother these three youngster well so they don't end up like me (all under age of seven with adhd and cardiac issues) more us time with my husband (we are better than ever it's just busy) and maybe a social life (if I had friends nearby instead of drinking buddies). This seems like an insurmountable list of hard things that I have sucked at in the past 10 years (except my job I haven't fouled that up yet). Any and all advice is welcome. Well except have 10 drinks and forget it or go jump off a bridge..
----------immediate responses--------

I dont look at it all at once. If I were to step back and add up all my responsibilities and list out the tasks I had to do today I would feel overwhelmed. ..What do I have to do next? That is the question. My father loves making lists and marking things off. I tried it a few days I didnt get shit done. It overwhelmed me. I just wake up and say what do I need to do now and I go do it now what? Work out okay go work out. Now is it time for work go to work. And so on...How do I stay sober? I have only one practical technique that works for me. I call it staying strapped in the brian. Every time an alcoholic thought comes I call it the disease lying to me. It is telling me to drink. I need arguments ready to fight back. Mine are well it will make me depressed again the suicidal thoughts will come back I dont want to have to go through withdrawals again if I go back down this path who knows where I'll end up if I have a drink the obsession will start over etc. After enough practice these arguments get memorized and the fight gets easier to the point where now when an alcoholic thought comes I can actually laugh because it's such a dumb fucking idea to me like drinking arsenic for me. I'm able to go to bars and laugh when I think about drinking. Im sitting on my best friends couch writing to you after walking in literally after having a thought about drinking because he was and said hey lemme finish this beer decompress and we'll go eat. I smiled let out a slight giggle exhale and he was like what's up. I said nothing just thought about drinking for a sec. ..It gets way easier if you practice staying strapped in the brian. At least it did for me. 
First step: Be gentle with yourself. Practice self-compassion however possible...I am aware that this sounds counterintuitive. You sound like a type-A person by nature and I can relate to that. While that does make us capable of incredible amounts of achievement (being a competitive college athlete isn't a small feat) it can subject us to substantial amounts of self-criticism that generally does nothing except make us so miserable that we need to find ways to cope. Self-compassion in my experience has given me the the space to get out of my head and engage with the many commitments of my life in a more relaxed yet equally effective way...If you're anything like me you may have read that and said "alright this guy is great and all but he doesn't get my career my commitments or my work ethic and how well I want to do." As nonsensical as "being gentle with yourself" sounds to an established professional with a laundry list of commitments I promise you that it has been my saving grace when I can remember to practice it...As far as sobriety I always recommend a support group. AA has worked for me and it is generally easy to find meetings that skew towards a group that you can relate to if you look hard enough (for example I often attend one that is largely male professionals in my area who I can take a lot of sober career wisdom from). You will also be able to make a valuable contribution at these meetings. Even if AA isn't your thing support is important early on...IWNDWYT
I like the idea of self compassion but feel vile that what I need is to sit on my butt and read an alcoholic support group. going to give it another week before I really push myself. As for support well you guys are it. If I am not working I am momming. I need to get this under control without any formality or my career in defense is kaput. I know going alone is not typically a great recipe for success but I have no choice. No one has noticed that I have a problem. Literally no one not even my husband. Will power has gotten me everywhere in life I have only just attempted to seriously apply myself to sober living (dec with 2 planned and regretted relapses). Nothing has changed all of the things that are in my life are still there I just don't have the crutch that makes me not care if I suck. So I am feeling all of my shortcomings big time. Thanks for the comment.
Update: I just went for a walk. It's not D1 gymnastics but it was something to get the blood flowing.
I thought about checking CrossFit out. I am so weak. I think about how far I have fallen and I am not sure I have the guts to go to a place like this. I need to get a baseline of strength first somehow so I don't die or drink from embarrassment.
