-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96ixml/end_of_day_20_and_i_am_soberthe_eve_of_my_3_week/

Good evening SD. Hope you have had a super sober Saturday. It is the end of Day 20 for me and I am sober. On what is the eve of my three week sobriety anniversary I would like to share a few changes that I've noticed since I stopped drinking. 1) I've lost weight. 2) My skin is clearer and softer. 3) My bank balance is healthier. 4) My sleep pattern is even and natural. 5) My anxiety has lifted. 6) My state of mind is super positive. In order to stay sober one day at a time I have done the followed this routine. 1) Make my sobriety pledge here on SD every morning. 2) Pray to the God of my own understanding asking him do a sober day. 3) I take things slowly and do not beat myself up if I can't get everything done. 4) Check this sub regularly during the day reading posts and responding to some of them. 5) I am vigilant about being hungry angry lonely or tired HALT as I know these are triggers to relapse. 6) I make sure I get enough sleep. 7) Taken some exercise. 8) Eat a healthy diet. 9) Remind my self that I can have anything I want except alcohol. 10) I write an end of day post on this sub sharing my thoughts and feelings..I am so glad I have chosen sobriety as a way of life. Some days are more difficult than others. I couldn't do it without this sub and all my fellow sobernauts. Thank you you for being here. I hope that this evening's post is of some help to someone a regular visitor or a lurker. Sending best wishes to you all especially those of us still struggling. IWNDWYT:-)
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the post! I like the HALT part. I need to remember that and start being mindful of it. 
No Thank you! I believe as you . What was that book-It takes a village- In this instance I think it takes a online community like this- where everyone is like minded following the same road to support and encourage one another...Yes I have to help myself but many people here have helped me with kindness understanding and support in my new journey. Very grateful. I will not drink with you today :)
You post is inspiring! I'm only on day 5 but I look forward to meeting each day with a clear head and a pledge. IWNDWYT 
No. 9 is a great point ... I so badly wanted a drink earlier but I didn't go there! Now all I want is a cuppa! 
Well done Kate! We can do this! Glad you're on here and love your positivity. I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for this post it has spurred me on to continue on this journey.  IWNDWYT!
Great post! 3 weeks is a very long time for someone that struggles with controlling alcohol!..IWNDWYT!
i think i have the same amount of time.
Thank you kateballamuk - I'm happy to be following just a few days behind you on the sobernaut path!
Great post! You're on a role. Keep it up. IWNDWYT.
Thanks for posting.  That's a good toolbox for getting through tough times
Well done Kate a great post with plenty of responses. Keep up the good work I am on day 24 today and also feeling great even the rain is great  . 
This is such a good routine! Thanks for sharing
