-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96lbr9/i_relapsed_and_dont_know_how_to_tell_my_family/

I'm a 22 year old guy that started his sobriety  journey 12 months ago after 4 years of heavy drinking and drug use. What started out as a joint came quickly to bottles of vodka and 8 balls in aonth. I almost had a year and was planning on going back to school and celebrating a year with  friends from my sober house. I'm afraid to tell my family and sober friends. The guilt is too much. I just need a kind word or advice from those who have relapsed in the past. Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat. - Theodore Roosevelt 
I'm so sorry that's so hard. If you tell on yourself now you can save yourself from being found out later. Your family and friends will be much happier if you tell them than if you lie and they find out. More importantly honesty about this will get you the support you need to save your life. You did amazingly well to achieve a year and you can do it again and more if you're willing to be honest. I'm sure your sober house friends will understand and they will be glad to support you through this. Your family might not understand what you're going through but they love you and they want to be there for you. Remember you aren't a bad person. We are sick not bad. You are worthy of love and support. 
well the good news is that you're still alive &amp; concious enough to write and have at least some amount of interest in surviving.the bad news is quite clear: you have a chronic progressive deadly disease and whatever you did to stay dry for a year clearly does not work.your best hope is to get engaged in local AA get a sponsor and do the work of the steps.  it's your call: do you want to save face or save your life?.the path of sobriety is tough especially in early days but vastly worth the trouble - good luck
this too shall pass (but only if you put it in the past)
Get up and dust yourself off no one said this was easy. You're family is not going to be any harder than you are on yourself right now and you need their support and love. You might have had a reservation in the back of your mind that maybe it would be different this time you used but you probably know now its worse and it won't get any better. You survived this episode so no where to go but up from here. Time to get back to basics and dig in. Be good to yourself and set a goal each morning to hit the pillow sober at nignt. 
I want to commend you for reaching out and for your year of recovery. You are not back to square one you have built skills and awareness that you can use as you add to your commitment to recovery. You know your family and friends best and I'm wondering if you can anticipate how they would respond. Likely they'll be worried but they also may want to support you and the best way for them to do that is for you to be completely honest. I've relapsed it sucks and I've always felt better when I told my spouse and others who support me in my sobriety.
You don't lose the days you lose the streak. The skills you learned will get you right back there and this lesson will aid you in an even longer sobriety record. ..I encourage you to tell your friends and family. Secrets have power that they don't deserve and they never weld it in positive ways. Telling your loved ones will set the record straight and show them that you know how to handle a setback. ..Learning comes in times of challenge capture what you have learned here and be thankful for this second chance. ..You can do this. 
