-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96s2rm/relapses_oh_yes_i_know_relapses/

I haven't been on this sub in over a year. These days I'm a lot less on Reddit at all. However today I mosied over here to get an always welcome fix of ...hmm "boost of sobriety" is the best I can think of right now. Whatever it exactly is we get out of this sub I got it! Today for some reason what struck me was a number of posts where people wrote about relapsing. As you can see by my flair I've got a bit of clean time. What you can't see is the 5 years before that where I had 6 relapses the last 1 after 13 months sober...I will not take my sobriety for granted now. My life is very much back on the rails and I've got way to much to lose. Money worries? Gone! Shithole overpriced apartment? I love where I live now and never want to leave! Crap jobs I hated? In the past and good riddance! Social life? Instead of isolation I'm now contributing to and valued in 4 organisations locally. I'm considering adding a 5th I'm very interested in but for time demands. Luxury problem if there ever was 1! Plus now I have friends both fellow alcoholics in recovery and others. .In September I'm going to a wedding of a friend in recovery whose original plan was to sober up sell all his stuff and live on the streets as a wino! Now he has a baby daughter and his own small business. I was never officially his sponsor but I took him under my wing and pointed out the gaping holes in his thinking. Years ago at a birthday party he gave after a number of months sober he wanted me to explain to his mother about this weird new club he was in that kept him sober after she had tried everything under the sun to help him! Family troubles? Mostly gone some issues predate my slide into alcoholism and are of course still there. Sobriety is not a magic wand. But now spending time with them is something to look forward to instead of an obligation that I push as far into the future as possible...As far as reasons for relapsing go. I've read a few people talk about how they thought they had it under control after a few weeks sober. I can top that!? After a month of going to meetings I somehow convinced myself this was easy! We all know what happened next. 10 days later I was back reeking of alcohol and sweat. 2 months later I asked myself if I was really an alcoholic? Time to find out. And I did hard! Any sane person would have learned his lesson but an alcoholic is not sane. I kid you not there was a time after that I wondered if I was really really REALLY an alcoholic? Or that time I tried drinking in moderation. It took me 6 months to figure out that I wasn't drinking all the time. No I spend the whole day thinking about and planning what and especially how much I was gonna drink that evening! 6 months! Of course I was miserable for that entire time but somehow thought I had my drinking under control. For an alcoholic any reason can and will be twisted into a good enough reason to relapse...This has become much longer than originally planned I just wanted to show relapsers that it can be done. Don't give up hope. There is a good life for you out there. It's not easy it's hard. If it was easy we wouldn't need each other. If you've made it this far good luck in your recovery. And good luck to those that didn't (make it this far) to!..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much...so many times trying to stop....I once managed 3 years seems like a good goal but boy is it hard. Bless you for sharing. 
Good read and inspirational thanks for taking time to write it!
Nicely said!
