-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96s6hu/why_did_you_relapse/

I'm looking for relapse stories. I want to learn what to look out for and how to avoid relapse. If you've ever relapsed why did you relapse? What happened? If you eventually stopped relapsing what did you do differently?
----------immediate responses--------

Because my alcoholic brain told me Why not ?  what harm. Hubby is out of town no one will know ............I am on my longest streak now and I dont listen to my brain when it starts that kind of talk
I just relapsed recently and unfortunately for me I don't know if there are specific things that act as warning signs. I think alcohol has shitty way of sneaking up on you. The further I get away from my last drink the harder it is for me to remember how awful and destructive alcohol is. I think it's important to try and not be reactionary about my problem. If I'm living sober as a reaction to the bad times I had drinking i know there's a good chance I'll drink again. I think I have to take a more holistic approach to recovery and think of it more a goal to achieve and less of something I'm fighting against. 
I didn't want to be sober and I couldn't see a decent life without alcohol. I was miserable and figured if I was going to be miserable I may as well be miserable and drunk. My alcoholism came back much worse and I proceeded to fuck my life up for the next three years. I'm now about 15 months or so sober; I only made it maybe 6 weeks that first time I guess I wasn't ready- it's hard to say what mental gymnastics my alcoholic mind pulled. ..Look out for boredom and apathy 
Here are some of the reasons I caved in some numerous times some in combination...- An extended period of time not drinking fooled me into thinking that my problem wasn't that bad...- All the real emotions I was feeling became too much...- I had a series of (not that bad) bad things happen to me so I said screw it and drank...- I saw everyone else enjoying drink "normally" and got jealous and said screw it and drank...- I had saved up plenty of money not drinking so I thought it would be a good idea to buy a few drinks...- I allowed myself to drink again "but only drink a couple like a regular person" I drank for months...- I was on holiday so if there was ever a "good" time to drink it would be then...- I let people lower my self worth so I thought I might as well slowly die...- I let my alcoholic "friends" convince me to join them...- I gave in to the cravings...- I saw cool/strong characters in media drinking and finding success in life and thought "if they can drink and success then why can't I?"..
For me once the fog has begin to lift I feel like a new person. I feel like I'm in control and have a new lease on life. I feel reborn and that I can have a couple of beers and be fine and I am... for a few months until the slippery slope leads to some social outing where tons of alcohol is present and the "chronic relapse cycle" continues. ..Look out for that one! IWNDWYT
2 reasons...1. Last time I set a time limit on my sobriety - let's see if I can go 90 days. When that time was up I had no plan. ..2. I figured if I could easily be sober for 90 days then I must be able to moderate. We all know how that one goes. 
It was about 8 months in the longest I had made it yet (attempt number 5 or something). I had hit new emotional lows I didn't know I could hit even worse than when I was drinking. There was a number of things going on and I decided that staying sober was causing me more stress than it was worth and just let go. ..I drank for 4 days straight got back on the wagon and 4 months later I feel the best I've felt in years. I don't know why because things stayed bad after the relapse for about 2 months. But I started dealing with stress better and working on myself and my mentality more and just building a sober identity instead of just staying dry. ..
For me it was a response to a very bad thing happening. I guess post traumatic stress. 
I just did. There was no triggering event no unusual stress. Nothing. I just decided "fuck it I'm making the choice to drink tonight." I was back to old ways and quickly even worse in no time at all.....
I was angry - now I run instead and stamp really hard...I wanted a reward for  being good  all day I.e. Putting up with shit silently all day. - now I have a bath or do something nice like get a massage or flowers. I put myself and my sobriety first...I have social anxiety (low level) - now I do guided relaxations and watch funny videos to stop the post event ruminations..I have a harsh inner critic - I used to do daily positive affirmations (got lazy). I no longer let the mean thoughts slide but challenge every one. ..I put myself last - now I know if I make an effort I feel better. I am just forcing myself to be an adult whether I like it or not  
I folded myself into thinking I could drink like a normal person. 3 times. It gets exhausting.
My relapses after my first few attempts at quitting late last year were primarily I think because drinking is/was so tied up in my identity that as soon as I felt physically a lot better then I went back to it. ..Drinking is who I am. It's what I do. I'm the lifelong jolly drunk chubby chick. I have a kitchen full of cool glassware and other accoutrements for a drinking life. I'm not some uptight prude like the jerks I grew up with in my teetotalling hardcore evangelical Christian family. Boyfriend and I met at a bar. Alcohol is practically a third party in our relationship. I won't even be Belinda anymore if I don't drink. ..Over 6 months later I'm still grappling with all of those things. I'm getting better at realizing it doesn't define me. But it's been rough.
This is important stuff here.  All responses are so relatable.  Think I'll reread them like everyday to help keep me on guard!  ..(Can't really think of anything to add.)
I stopped relapsing bc I was tired of starting over.
Well for the out of the blue urges (which are typically short-lived) I have a couple of goto's for now. A snack an Izze a walk a visit here. I'm getting stronger with every sober day with every relapse.  And a positive outlook works wonders. 
