-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96xipx/i_must_stop_drinking/

Long time subscriber-but only now confident to ask your support guys&amp;gals..I've been struggling with my alcohol intake for four years now..I so want to stop for myself (anxiety &amp;depression is rife with me hence why I drink)but I'm better than this lifestyle..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You got this! If you are just starting I recommend checking out an AA meeting and picking up This Naked Mind. 
[removed]
Even though I've stumbled a few times the support and feedback I've gotten from the folks at this reddit sub has helped me string together more sober days than I've had in literally decades.  This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained were also invaluable...Please don't hesitate to post - it can make all the difference for you.
Hi I too have anxiety and having a history of stopping and starting drinking again I can vouch for not drinking as a great way to reduce my anxiety.  Does not stop it being a daily challenge at the moment but I am keeping focussed on one day I will succeed - for me it is one day at a time no more no less.  For me reading here all the successes and the challenges helps me realise I am not alone and it does feel so supportive.  I would suggest getting in ice cream fizzy water and whatever else can safely indulge your urges - well done on taking the first steps..  Take care and keep writing and reading here...
You can do it.  Question is how?  Stocking the fridge with lacoix and watching the walls until X amount of time passes is the hard way...I used AA - it is not the only way but it still works for many.  There are alternatives to help - and this is the important part - deal with the reasons we drank the way we did in the first place.  (The whys of your self described anxiety and depression.)  Some of that is self esteem work - but other parts may need professional help too.....
Our support is offered freely to you friend. And thank you for being part of the community. Each and every person here is an important cog in the wheel of sobriety that we are all trying to run in. IWNDWYT 
Hey there. I stopped drinking and smoking from january 1st 2017 to may 18th 2018 almost 1.5 years. Then the day after my b day i got somewhat tempted by friends and i feel like crap for relapsing. Planning to go straight edge again as from september. If could do it I'm sure you can too. That period of abstinence was the most invincible I've ever felt and actually I got so many things done as well as positive personality changes. And yes you'll save lots of money.
