-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96yi74/ive_become_a_loser_please_help/

Ive quit and relapsed more times than I can count. I'll manage to go a few days before the cravings are unbearable. I was a former 4.0 student and due to severe trauma dropped out although I'm going back in 20 days.  I want to stop. So bad. On both sides of my family they have all been or still are alcoholics. Booze just does it for me it's the perfect drug better than anything so I'd do anything to get it. God I'm such a loser. I don't want this to be my life. I've been in therapy for 7 years to deal with the trauma I have suffered to me my life is just pain. Today I told work I needed to leave early bc my mom was in an accident because my hands shook so bad I needed to drink something a scumbag would do. I'm so tired I'm only 21. How do I get thru this? How can I last a week? You guys are the community I read the most please help me crawl out of rock bottom 
----------immediate responses--------

only losers quit trying to quit.  do not give up.  in my experience i could not get sober on my own resources.  i needed and still need real life connection with others in recovery.  aa meetings work for me.  
Addiction isn't a character flaw or moral failing nor a weakness or lack of willpower or anything of the sort so stop beating yourself up about it! You're not a loser.....Getting and staying sober isn't easy but it's *simple* - it boils down to avoiding the first drink One Day At A Time whatever it takes.....[Grab a badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you want one and get stuck in!..Addiction can run in families and is also frequently triggered by trauma so your situation is by no means unusual - lots of folks just like you have been where you are now and successfully recovered and you can too.....Have you spoken to your doctor about your drinking and desire to stop? There are various medical options which can help......Have you tried any of the recovery groups like AA SMART recovery Refuge Recovery etc etc?..If you're a student there may also be counselling services and peer recovery groups available on campus.....Have you read any '[Quit Lit](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books)'? '*Alcohol Explained*' and '*This Naked Mind*' did the trick for me... There are also podcasts like 'Recovery Elevator' tons of material on YouTube etc etc.....You might also find that therapy starts working better if the alcohol is removed from the equation - when we blot out unpleasant emotions with alcohol they remain 'stuck' and festering rather than being felt and processed properly.....Booze is a really shitty drug actually in a way which only really becomes clear when you stop drinking it......If at first you don't succeed try something different and keep trying!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Oh goodness. I am so sorry for the pain you're in. First of all  you are NOT a loser! You have just been gripped by the same drug that's grabbed me and many others. I've relapsed too - recently as you can see by my badge. However it feels good to keep fighting and not giving up. Truly it is one day at a time and reminding myself that the only drink I have to turn down is the first one. Do you have access to medical help to help you withdraw safely? ..You have a job you've proven you can get great grades in college and you're committed to free yourself from alcohol. Your future us incredibly bright!!! Hugs!
No specific help but I will send thoughts of courage &amp; strength. You asked "How can I last a week?". The common saying is One day at a time. If needed break it down to hours or even minutes at a time. We at SD are here 24/7 and willing to help if needed. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
First things first - you are not a loser. Like you I'm in therapy because I have a ton of darkness and pain I've used booze to try and avoid. My therapist said something that helped me and I hope it helps you:.."Nobody is an addict for bad reasons"..In other words I'm not an alcoholic because I'm a scumbag or degenerate. I'm an alcoholic because I'm using a faulty means to solve a real host of problems. Sounds like you may be the same...As for how you last a week? Same way we all do one day at a time. People around here say "I will not drink with you today". I didn't understand the subtle genius of this until therapy. Again my therapist said "your job is to get your head on your pillow tonight without having a drink - don't worry about any day other than today". You see if you try to internalize anything that spans so much time it's overwhelming much less fighting a disease. You're young can you think about working for 50 years before you retire without being overwhelmed? No. Alcoholism is no different. Worry about today tomorrow isn't even here yet...I can't offer insight on the shakes and withdrawals I was fortunate to not experience that. But I am fighting a similar battle against a substance. Functionally meditation worked for me maybe try that. Telling people I loved helped too. Support matters...Here's the last bit of insight I have - you have today. You woke up posted here and have insight into your problem. That's not nothing. That's more than a fighting chance. Make progress today. ..Good luck friend IWNDWYT.
You're not a loser but I'm sure all of us her felt like one due to alcohol (I know I did!). I drank because I felt like a drowning loser and I felt like a drowning loser because I drank. You can get through this -- we're all right here trying to do the same with you. You can do this...IWNDWYT
&gt;Booze just does it for me it's the perfect drug better than anything so I'd do anything to get it. ..Well that sounds like a good place to start! I recommend This Naked Mind to help start dispelling some of those myths..
