-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96z152/benefits_of_45_days/

Hey everyone! I just wanted to take a second to extend my gratitude to everyone who posts and comments on this sub. I have found so much motivation and love through all of you internet strangers and I am eternally grateful. It's been 45 days since I drank and I wanted to share some of the huge benefits I have gained in hopes that it inspires someone who's struggling now...1. My skin is super clear. My complexion has cleared up like crazy. I have been constantly getting compliments that I'm  glowing  and that I look fantastic. (Partially because I'm happier too) :)..2. My anxiety mood swings and depression are becoming less and less. Everyday feels more and more balanced. I never even considered how many emotional problems drinking causes even between binges on  sober days. ..3. I've replaced drinking with eating healthy and weight lifting. I started out light telling myself I would just go to the gym for 15 minutes and over the span of 6 weeks I've lost almost 10lbs I can see definition for the first time EVER and my workouts are now around an hour. I look forward to them everyday. When I want to drink I go on a walk or do push ups and it really helps. Without hangovers I don't crave greasy junk food so I wake up eating stuff that will actually fuel my body. It's awesome!..4. I've connected more with friends and family. Sobriety has taught me patience and empathy for others. I don't get as irritated at people and have been so much better at connecting with people. My parents are really proud of me though they were dismissive of me stopping at first and my mom has even stopped drinking too...Altogether my life has done a 180. There are countless more points I can make but I've rambled long enough. If any of you are thinking that maybe it's time to put down the bottle let me be the extra nudge that pushes you to sobriety. It's absolutely worth it. I still go out with friends and drink soda water while everyone else drinks cocktails and no one bats an eye. I dance like an idiot at clubs and meet random strangers because WHO CARES. I'm honestly more outgoing when I'm sober than when I'm drinking...LIVE YOUR BEST LIFE AND I LOVE YOU ALL. Xoxo IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!!! Congratulations on 45 days you're on a roll! 
Really motivating!!
Thank you for sharing and congrats on 45 days! I am so glad you shared. I hope my depression and anxiety will improve soon! 
I love the idea of a quick workout when you want to drink! Generally the urge happens when anxiety trickles in and the anxiety is often caused by an excess of cortisol. Exercise releases endorphins and reduces levels of cortisol so it's double the good effects!
I needed to read this today.. thanks for the inspiration!
My skin looks so good too! I swear in just 10 days I look several years younger. My face bloat has gone down too. Hello chin and cheekbones I missed you guys. 
Hiya. Congratulations on 45 days and for sharing your sober journey with us.iwndwyt:-)
Thanks for the inspiration. Really well done 
Good work! Thank you for the motivation! ..IWNDWYT!
You are amazing! And tell me more about bench presses I'd love to give that a go...IWNDWYT
Congrats on 45 days keep it going!!!
Fantastic news! Congratulations! Alcohol is very much a depressant so it's no surprise that it exacerbates symptoms of depression/anxiety. Keep on doing your thing! :)
Congrats!
Congratulations! I'm with you but not at the gym some days I just feel so lazy and read or do crafts at home but I figured if that makes me happy then I should keep doing it. .
Congratulations! Excellent work. How did you get through the first two weeks I always struggle with that and it seems like I have to do it over and over and over again. Thanks for any advice you can give
