-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96ze60/cruise_day_three_no_drinking_day_23/

I paid $10 for international roaming for the day just so I could take a few minutes out of my vacation to post this.  That's just how grateful I am to the amazing people of /r/stopdrinking...Three years ago I suspected that I had a problem with drinking...Two years ago I started trying to "cut back"...Eight months ago I knew that I needed to seriously consider quitting.  That's when I discovered /r/stopdrinking...I spent six months in a cycle of sober sprints followed by multi-day binges that kept getting worse and worse...Each cycle I learned more about myself.  Each cycle I would eventually come back here get a badge reset and start over...Each return was met with kindness and understanding...In April I went I a cruise fearful about drinking.  I seriously failed and had one of my worst binges ever.  That's the cycle where I learned that I couldn't moderate *at all.*  I wish I could say that was my last cycle but I had to struggle some more until I  found my freedom...Today I'm on a beach in the Bahamas day three of a cruise.  I have 23 days of sobriety behind me and haven't been even tempted to order a drink even though I've been surrounded by them...I will admit that a couple of my girlfriend's drinks looked really tasty and I was tempted by that but not the alcohol.  I didn't try them and to her credit she's only had a couple of drinks each day and has never asked if I wanted one or a sip of hers...So......Big difference between the two trips...One of the things that I saw people recommend over and over was the book *This Naked Mind*...It's not even a tiny exaggeration to say that it saved my life...I feel so free; free from the desire to drink; free from the cravings and the false need to "fit in" by drinking...Yes I was the guy on stage in the Atrium dancing and lipsynching Michael Jackson.  Winning shore excursions and cheap plastic trophies amd beads from competitions...No Alcohol needed to have fun.  None needed to be the life of the party...Thank you all...I will not drink with you today.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!!!   
do they have "Friends of Bill" meetings on your ship?.those are AA meetings I know people who work on ships who are sober and they mingle with guests at these meetings...
Yes! This naked mind is amazing. Good for you. IWNDWYT 
