-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/971183/another_celebration_ruined_trying_to_get_back_on/

I was doing so well with not drinking and being responsible but then it happened again. I made a concious choice over this last weekend to drink at an friends wedding thinking I could control myself. I ended up losing control and consumed way to much and made a fool of myself embarassed my friends and ruined what was supposed to be a memorable sp3cial occassion...Some hilights - threw a drink on my wife I made a fool of myself on the dance floor and i got angry and beligerant when random strangers tried to help me get home safely...which they only did because I lied while drunk and told them I was related to the bridal party. ..Whats sadder is I only know all this from the story my friends and wife told me. I dont remember a thing.....Its sad that you drink somtimes to not remember but instead you give an even worse memory to someone who make actually care about you who has to care that along with them because of your stupid choices and actions...I feel ashamed and defeated and I want to get back on track. Special occassions are always the worst for me. Christmas birthdays you name it. Ive struggled to stay on track and so I go six months and then seem to relapse. ..I havent really faced my drinking by proactively seeking help or support. I usually try to quit cold turkey and sweep everything under the rug. A lot of good that has done me. Im hoping this post will help me open up a bit more and talk about my issues so I can start to get better and stay better. I want to be sober...So far sober for one day. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your situation...The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Have a plan?
Ouch that sounds messy!..&gt;I made a conscious choice to drink thinking I could control myself..That bit is the problem... all the wishful thinking and good intentions in the world don't change the fundamental chemical interaction between the drug alcohol and your brain and the results will always be predictable.....The only way to control alcohol is not to have the first drink!..&gt;I go six months and then seem to relapse...That's called 'Fading Affect Bias' - the painful memories of drinking fade and the rose-tinted specs go on meaning that it can start sounding like a good idea again... that's why having support and a little daily vigilance against this kind of 'broken thinking' is so important.....'Alcohol Explained' and 'This Naked Mind' helped fill in some gaps in my understanding and changed my mindset about booze.....Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I never really thought of the painful memories I was giving others but you are exactly right.  
I found that sweeping everything under the rug didn't work all that well. Our secrets keep up sick. 
[removed]
