-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/974iab/lost_and_hopeless/

I'm a mom wife teacher and struggling alcoholic/addict. I'm also suffering from severe anxiety and depression which is both a cause and result of how I'm currently living my life. I grew up in a very chaotic household as an only child. BOTH my parents committed suicide dad jumped from his apartment building with my dog when I was 12. Mom was sexually abused as a child and developed multiple personality disorder. She attempted suicide and ended up in hospitals on life support several times starting when I was 14 and ended up being successful when I was 23. I ended up in A.A. when I was 22 because my college experience was a shitstorm of drinking and drugging. I met a guy in the rooms who was a bit older and we ended up marrying having kids together and drinking again together. He seems to be able to control it but I can't. I've been to rehab but could not maintain sobriety in AA. Husband shames me daily about my drinking to the point that I'm so fearful of his criticisms that I drink more which just makes the situation that much worse. I have been trying to seek therapy but after the first session they don't call me back I suppose because I'm too much of a mess or my past is too complicated. I have to go back to work in 3 weeks and I don't think I can handle it. My life is falling apart. I have no friends zero family (other than my own children who I obviously can't lean on and my hubby who criticizes more than supports) and I am lost at this point. I just am trying to reach out to any strangers who might understand. It's a long shot but I'm near hopeless at this point. I cry everyday. My children are 11 and 13 and I fear I have destroyed them for life. My husband consistently criticizes me and she's me because I have spent so much $ on alcohol and drugs that we have serious debt at this point. He tells me I need to stop using my past as an excuse and just stop on my own. All we do is fight.  I can barely get through two days without something to alter me. Sorry for the super long post.  I just can't find any help..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you're struggling but I'm glad you're joining us. Sending you an internet hug.
I lost both my parents two months apart.  My dad was murdered and my mom died of heart failure.  I dealt with anxiety and depression with alcohol and it just made it worse...I felt lost and hopeless when drinking.  I started coming here every day and it helped me.  One day at a time I found my way out of a very dark place.  There is hope.  It can get better.  I might try face to face meetings as well again.  ..Wishing you the very best! Hang on! I'm sending positive thoughts your way. You can make it through this.  IWNDWYT 
We are here with you. ..One thing that really helped me was joining AA. I needed an in-person community of support where I could share my worries frustrations and experiences around sober people who could show me how to combat all this chaos with sobriety. Going to my first meeting was hard but after that every meeting got easier. I was able to connect with some amazing women in the program who helped me put my life back together. ..We also have a chat here where there's always someone around. The link to that is in the community info. I'm over there now with a bunch of sober people who can help me deal with and decompress from the day. 
I am so very sorry for you.  You are not alone..There are thousands upon thousands of us here who understand and share your story..It is brave of you to reach out and you will be glad bc the great friends on this sub are kind and caring and are rooting for your success in sobriety...Two things that helped me.  Download and listen to This Naked Mind.  It will help you see clearly that alcohol is a poison.  Read this sub daily.  Others' stories help me every single day...You can turn your life around.  And your children will be fine.  They love you and are resilient.  The most precious gift you can give them is your health.  See your doc and be honest they will be happy to help you.  The first 10 days are the most uncomfortable but everyone here makes it through and so can you...Give yourself 21 days.  You can quit a long term habit in three weeks.  After you hit 21 shoot for 30.  The months add up and you will feel so great and proud.   You can do this if I can.  Stay strong and take the step one day at a time!!
I feel for you Jm wishing yu success in this life challenge of yours. Iwndwyt 
