-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9752wp/i_relapsed_in_july_and_it_scared_me/

Today wasn't my first day sober in the last month - there were several days when I didn't drink alcohol at all...Background info - I'm currently 26. I was charged with a DUI by a National Park Ranger (so Federal charge) in August of 2016. Immediately attended my first meeting after release from jail the next morning. I knew deep down I had a problem before the DUI was the last straw. I remember feeling so frightened and remorseful and thanking God and my mother in heaven over and over I didn't hurt anyone. Went to court in April of '17 and was sentenced to a year of Federal probation with mandatory counseling. My counselor was the best. I was so incredibly lucky to be paired with her. She helped me make so many amazing changes. .My now fiance and I got pregnant in sometime in July of last year and in April of this year I gave birth to a perfectly healthy beautiful sweet baby girl as I was finishing my probation. I want to be the best mother possible and swore to myself I wouldn't jeopardize that possibility by drinking because I know myself and I know I cannot drink..4th of July came and my fiance's family invited us out to the beach to watch fireworks. There was a cooler full of ice-cold beer. Fiance permitted me to drink. I did. We agreed it could be a holidays-only kind of thing..My drinking overflowed from the holiday..I kept telling myself lies - I'll only drink wine I'll only drink one glass at a time I'll only drink on the weekend. Each time I drew a new line I crossed it. It snowballed so quickly. Last night I drank an entire bottle of cheap nasty wine to myself after I'd fed the baby sober and put her to bed (we had actually had to buy and use formula this past month which I never wanted to happen either I wanted to breastfeed exclusively but there were times I was buzzed and she was hungry and I couldn't feed her from my breast  ). I woke up with a hangover from hell. In all of the time I've spent sober living down my mistakes so many beautiful positive amazing things have happened. I've built healthy happy relationships earned respect and even admiration gone back to school to pursue a new career path cultivated interests and hobbies I had not touched in years taken such good care of myself physically I was glowing. Had my beautiful precious baby girl. My grandmother revealed she is giving me a new car because of how proud she is of me...And I woke up this morning and had to run and put my head in the toilet...I drank several glasses of water took some ibuprofen exercised prayed and played with sang and held and read to my baby all day...I have to do better...I wish there were something I could put on my ID so people would not sell me alcohol...I sat with my fiance and reaffirmed with him that I am not the kind of person who can drink in moderation and I need support in remembering that. He loves me so much and says I can be so persuasive but if there's one thing I need him to believe about me it is that I cannot drink. There is no moderation for me. I'm about to go to bed and today is my new sober date...It's been such a rough month. I didn't hurt anyone my baby didn't know the difference my fiance isn't terribly mad about it and doesn't understand why I'm so upset he hates drinking and never does himself which is one of the reasons I love him so much but his family could reasonably be termed highly functioning alcoholics and the constant availability of free-flowing alcohol with little discouragement from drinking when I am around them is frustrating. Ultimately though my relapse was my fault and I am so very disappointed in myself...I wanted to go to a meeting tonight but there are none in my area until Wednesday afternoon and I can't wait that long.
----------immediate responses--------

If you can't get to a meeting today you can look at online meetings here https://www.aa-intergroup.org  and start reading the big book here https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/alcoholics-anonymous. You can call your local AA hotline and talk to someone who understands. Just go to the AA website and look for the 24hr phone number in your area. Don't be afraid to reach out that's what they're there for!
Yes good luck and thanks for posting here.  I only have a few weeks without drinking and this sub has helped me a lot.  Welcome
Babies are welcome at AA meetings. Don't hesitate to bring them.  Good insight.  I found it to be a great relief that I don't have to try and moderate anymore.  Best to you.
I had an idea this morning that I'm probably going to try to implement myself - those little paper envelopes they put hotel room key cards in? I think I actually am going to make one for my ID with my sober date and some quotes written on it and keep my ID inside of that in my wallet. That way the next time I am tempted I will be forced to acknowledge my journey and what straying from my path would mean for me. Just some thoughts I'm having right now. It'll be a nice therapeutic art project.
