-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/979foz/badge_reset/

I am a binge drinker and my behavior seems to get more ridiculous with each binge.  .I am divorced and struggle when I have to bring the kids to their father's.  The silent house is deafening.  Last night I drank two bottles of wine and decided to go running yes running at midnight to bar.  By the grace of God I choose not to go in and ran home.  I just want this to be my last day 1.  My behavior is unpredictable and pathetic and I can't do this to myself anymore.  Need support :)  I have started addiction counseling too.  IWNDWYT. forever.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this! Stumbling sucks but keep going and you'll never have day one ever again! IWNDWYT!
I say mean shit I get angry at stupid shit and take it out on people that love me. I lost a lot of friends and loved ones because of my actions. And I know that's just who I am when I drink. That's what makes me never want to touch another drink ever again no matter how much my brain tells me that it will fix my anxiety. The anxiety that comes from realizing what I did the next morning completely outweighs the anxiety that comes from not drinking. I'm just a newbie on day 2 of quitting but I know exactly what it's like to feel guilty about my drunken actions and that's what gives me motivation to never pick up the bottle again unless I'm dumping it down the drain. ..You got this. :) IWNDWYT. 
Glad you're here talking to us! For me in the early days I had to tell myself "make the next right choice" - I wouldn't say that I couldn't drink that day but I would say "I'm not drinking *right now*" and the next time I got the urge or had the option presented to me to drink I would say again "I'm not drinking *right now*". Eventually the time between urges got longer and longer and it got easier and easier to just say "I don't drink". ..Keep trying and don't give up on yourself friend. IWNDWYT (or right now). 
IWDNWYT.  HANG IN THERE.  Keep us posted.
Restarting again too. It's a bummer but those weeks we took off still count. Hang in there. Moving in the right direction! IWNDWYT
Hang in there. I'm on day 2. I can drink socially sometimes. Most times I can't it sucks but I know it to be true now. IWNDWYT. 
I hear you on the binge drinking.  That was me for years and it turned into horrible blackouts and many regrettable events.  I had many relapses and finally went to rehab.  I'm working on turning my life around and at 40 days I feel a lot better.  I have to make it my number 1 priority in life everyday.  Please keep trying and get all the support you can.  Of course keep coming back here for support.  I will not drink with you today.
Hiya. Welcome to SD. I am glad you are here. IWNDWYT:-)
Pick yourself up.  Tell yourself this is the last time this is going to happen.  You can do this.  I am here for you.   IWNDWYT !
Stick with it take one day at a time and check in here x..IWNDWYT
I was in rehab for 7 weeks to save a job and drank within a week of getting out and lost the job. Now I'm back to square 1 looking for a job. Stay strong out there. New sobriety date is 8-8-18
If you recognize your triggers you need to keep trying to navigate around them.  A silent house may need some music for example
IWNDWYT or tomorrow either :) 
Well just joined this group today actually about 15 minutes ago to be exact... When I come across your post.. It was like Are you kidding me right now... I am also a binge drinker and I am going to be getting a divorce if I do not stop drinking.. I have isolated myself from everything and everyone.. I am so disappointeddisgusted and down right pissed at myself for allowing freakin alcohol run my life!!! Today is my first day of what I hope to be an alcohol free life!!! And I hope you know that you have inspired me to stop feeling pathetic and blaming other people for my failures and do something about it!!! So my friend thank you for your post ... the struggle is Real .. but I'll pray for you and you can do this... we both can!!!
I will not drink with gout today
I so relate to this post this is me all over. Recently reset my badge as well after binge drinking whilst on holiday. I'm starting over with you we can do it! I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
Youtube "aa the doctors opinion" aa was the only solution that worked for me. 9 months sober on Monday 
Binge is still a major sign of an allergy to alcohol called alcoloism or alcoholic. Read the first 164 pages of the big book
Im with you bud we can make it after a fall iwndwyt
