-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97eqep/day_46_and_feel_great/

46 days ago during a Canada day celebration I experienced a blackout and put some close friends at risk by recklessly driving a boat.   It was a huge wake up call and scared the shit out of me.   That night was the last drink I have had and it's been 46 days.  I feel great.  I finally feel grounded again.   Waking up without a hangover and actually remembering going to bed and falling asleep at night is an amazing feeling.  Every morning I wake up and look at myself in the mirror.  While I was drinking I avoided he mirror in the morning as I was ashamed at the sight of myself.   I am very lucky that the same friends I put at risk are extremely supportive and by my side.   It feels so great to be able to offer my services as the designated driver when out with friends.  Feels so great not to wake up with the anxiety and the regret and the vague memories and wondering who I insulted.   As happy and good as I feel I am still scared and worry everyday that I will relapse and take that first drink.  I haven't come to terms with the thought that I may never be able to drink again.  I think that's the harder part is my stinking thinking trying to convince myself that I can drink normally some day.   Realistically I know I can't and I have proven that to myself many times in yet the evil of this disease continues to try to convince me otherwise.   As I read these posts I can't help but wonder where everyone lives.  Any other western Canadians on here going through this battle?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats from your southern neighbor in ND! IWNDWYT! 
Well I'm Canadian I know there's several of us around here with you!  Congratulations on 46 days and sticking with it!  Sobriety tends to grow on you don't give up hope    
I'm in Sydney. Australia. ..I can't think about the future. I just can't. I don't. I just think about today. That's all I can deal with.   
