-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97kdlq/tw_ive_had_a_drink/

10 days and I drank... I'm not fucked but I did relapse. I want to check in I usually ignore all my support so I can binge but I don't want to do that. I went for drinks with a distant cousin started with diet coke then had a beer and a gin I feel guilty and sad I lost my days. I don't feel like I'm doing anything terrible but if I ignore my support I'll go on a bender I just want to contain this relapse somewhat. I live you all x
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in your boat. I had 11 days and relapsed for 10 days. I'm so frustrated I have to start over because I was feeling so good. 
You got this. I drank after some months and trying to stay the course too. We can take on today to start. I will not drink with you  
Beware the lizard brain that tells you you're not an alcoholic because nothing bad happened when you had 2 drinks with your cousin. The fact that you're feeling remorseful is your inner truth teller saying  Hey you. Don't screw around. You know what happens when you start drinking and it ain't pretty. ..Pretty sure we've all relapsed before. Whether it's 2 drinks or 24 we end up hating our lives when we're drinking. Good on you for jumping off the booze train that inevitably wrecks everything. Don't let a minor slip-up turn into that greasy bender that obliterates your sense of self. Really glad you put a stop to it before the slip turned into an avalanche. Hugs and welcome back to the sober train. Forgive yourself and stay the course.   
Full disclosure I bought 2 drinks on the way home which I've drank
I'm trying to practise observant non judgement so I don't say "fuck it" and I can be ok tomorrow
You didn't lose your 10 days.. you still had 10 Sober days and just cause you relapsed doesn't mean those 19 sober days have been erased. You just pick sobriety back up and keep chugging along.  It's a journey.  
Drinking didn't erase the number of days you stayed sober. Or any of the skills you learned during that time. Is it possible to change the story around drinking again? Is calling it a relapse making it easier for your to keep drinking? Where as if you called it "a day I drank" and then got to keep counting sober days after that - would you still be drinking today? ..The questions are rhetorical of course. Good luck to you. You stayed sober before and can do it again. 
I'm sorry you relapsed. But I thought you weren't supposed to post while you are drinking 
I started here in January and relapsed a few times which I felt awful about but I came back and was accountable ........... now I have 3 months and feel great and positive .However I know its still one day at a time and I am learning more about myself and how I cope with life ..IWNDWYT
You are not alone. I did 75 days and then drank at a friend's wedding. I did not stop at 2! But straight back to not drinking the next day.  I like to think that I've drank once out of the last 90 days it sounds better that way!
Hi there!  We have to remove your post because you admit to drinking.  From the wiki:  ..&gt; We recognize that many people spend months "lurking" this subreddit while drinking. You are welcome to read as much as you'd like while not sober. However for the sake of everyone here and for the sake of your own recovery please only post or comment when you're sober. "Sober" means "not currently intoxicated or under the influence in any way."..Please feel free to read any of the posts or message the mods and please come back tomorrow!
