-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97l435/chronic_pain_led_to_relapse_lack_of_support_from/

I'm resetting today. I had a short but lovely time with sobriety and turned to drink again during a chronic pain flareup. Fortunately I'm soon going to have a procedure that should finally give me relief. It took a long time for my family (and doctors) to take my invisible pain seriously. I'm angry about that. ..I have a lot of problems I need to sort out in my life. It terrifies me that I will fail at all these things. I'm struggling to banish negative thoughts. But I am committed to stop drinking. ..My sister was supportive for the first day or two when I bared my soul and told her I was quitting. She also has an acknowledged problem but is currently pregnant and comfortably sober. I'm so disappointed that she hasn't once checked in to ask how I'm doing. My parent also who has an acknowledged problem sortof knows I'm quitting and steers clear of that topic. ..I'm angry. But I don't even know what I expect from them! True maybe it's because they don't want to deal with their own issues. But honestly I think they are very supportive of me getting my life on track then why can't they express that??!! Or should I be more aggressive in asking for their support? ..There's such shame with alcohol in families. Same with depression. Everyone knows you're broken they root for you silently but what I need is active engaged support. It took a lot for me to admit I had a problem. Selfishly I feel I deserve some attention. But I know I have pushed them away before. ..I should probably just try a meeting. I will tonight. Thanks for listening...
----------immediate responses--------

I think sometimes people give us space because they think it's what we want. Could you try broaching the subject  of your sobriety and  how it's going for you in this attempt to quit? Maybe they will try to participate. I like the idea of being explicit about what you need so that you don't be disappointed. ..Having said that meetings sound like a great option. People there will definitely  get it...Good luck!
[removed]
I realized that expecting support from the people I hurt with my drinking was unrealistic and unfair to them. I didn't fully understand how my drinking affected loved ones. I found the best support by getting a therapist and going to AA meetings. These are the people who understand alcoholism and what it takes to recover. 
People aren't mind readers so like the other person commented maybe they don't realize you do want to share about it. Maybe they think they're supporting you in other ways...But like the other other comment they might not be up to helping you and supporting you the way you want and that's their decision. 
You have to ask for what you need. For me I love it when no one mentions my relationship with alcohol at all. They can drink in front of me if they want but I don't like any comments at all about my sobriety. I feel like it is no one's business. 
