-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97ngk8/hi_guys/

So I'm a long time lurker. This subreddit has really helped me when I've struggled and I've hit my biggest challenge now. I've had a few life challenges hit recently and need some strength to make it to meetings. I struggle w anxiety so it kinda sucks to start new things but I'm totally resolved. Any advice or kind words would be awesome. And finally I won't drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Tbz welcome!  I'm glad you decided to make your first post.  If you're ready to start counting days you might consider making a [badge request](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) - I personally love having that visible reminder of my progress in sobriety...I totally understand the anxiety thing.  I also struggle with that - it was the primary reason I drank actually - but I've found it much easier to handle without alcohol in my life.  As it turns out even mild alcohol withdrawal makes anxiety much worse.  I hope you'll eventually experience a similar improvement...The first few days can be rough.  Feel free to post or ask around about what you're going through - there are a ton of people here who've been through it already that would love to help.
Just glad to have you here. This place has quite literally changed my life. Whether it's through meetings SD a combination of the two or any other method don't lose sight of these first days!!..It may not feel like it but you've done something incredible already. I look back now and wonder how in the hell I had the strength to stop in the first place lol...I try to remind myself not to be dissuaded. Embrace adversity. And without exception cut myself some damn breaks! Life is hard sometimes and each sober day is a win. Really glad to have you here my friend!
I run pretty anxious myself and in the beginning alcohol seemed like a miracle drug for that.  I completely understand the struggle.  Meds have helped me immensely but I know that that doesn't feel like an option for everyone.  ..I really really hope you find what you're looking for here.  It's taken me years of lurking and resets but I think I finally have.  I'm thinking about you.
I went to my first meeting last night and I told myself that it was entirely possible that anyone there could very well be some of the people I've met here on SD.  That helped me relax.  And they were welcoming.  There were some laughs there were some regrets and there were some very encouraging words as well.  They wanted me to be there.  So if you're nervous just imagine they could be us!  It worked for me     and it felt good to go there too.  To do something constructive about not drinking.  Welcome to SD!  I'm glad to get the chance not to drink with you here today.  
I won't drink with you tonight bud. It's one day at a time. One moment at a time. In this moment we won't drink together. And the next one too! 
Super happy to hear you're making the plunge! As someone who has struggled with severe anxiety I totally understand the draw alcohol has to curb the panic. But honestly I haven't had a drink in 16 days and my anxiety has improved SO freaking much. In the past any energy I would have would be anxious energy but just a short time after quitting I have a little real non-anxious energy. If that makes sense!..I know my anxiety won't completely be solved by staying away from drinking but it is much more manageable. I wish you success and dearly hope that your anxiety improves after quitting and hope that your life challenges work out. Much love! 
I don't know too much about anxiety sorry so I want to be careful not to spout off on something that is probably really difficult for you. But I will say that I drank to deal with other kinds of challenges and truth is it never solved them. It just helped me avoid them. Facing my shit honestly is the only real way to make things better. Awesome that you're on here - there's so much support and inspiration. Keep coming back and just take things one healthy step at a time. You've got this :)
Someone else pointed out that "even mild alcohol withdrawal makes anxiety much worse." ..This. So much this...It's amazing how much less you have to worry about without alcohol in your life. Thoughts I no longer have:..Does my breath smell?.Am I sweating out vodka?.Did I say something stupid via text?.Are people looking at me on the train?.Why can't I remember anything?.Etc etc etc..Having anxiety is a bitch. Let's make it more manageable by removing some concerns we totally deserve to live without...Also everyone goes into their first meetings scared ashamed and shaky. You are not defective and you are not alone. Be proud of what you've done today...IWNDWYT.
