-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97ov7p/update_i_wrote_over_3000_words/

Hey fam.. I wanted to update my progress. When reason that I drank was because I was avoiding my problems in graduate school and I had a lot of anxiety about writing. When I stopped drinking I told myself that I would have a three-pronged attack: 1) stop drinking 2) lose 25 pounds and get in better shape and 3) write my dissertation.  I completed 1 and 2 but I was too afraid to attack 3. I had considered sending my advisor an email saying I wanted to work with him again if you would be game but I felt nervous that he would say no. Around this time I posted here and I also told my best friend from grad school that I was ashamed that I had not finished. She finished and is a professor at a very fancy institution. .. A couple weeks ago my friend emailed me and asked if I wanted to be her writing accountability partner because she is working on a book. I jumped at the chance.  We set a deadline last week for both of us.  She suggested two things for me to send to her and that seemed very daunting. She also told me that I should write for at least 15 minutes every day. I did not write Monday though I probably could have even though I was caring for my toddler son.  But I wrote all the other days and I sent over 3000 words to her this evening. .. Some days I felt very excited to put words on a page.  Other days I felt embarrassed that the work looks so bad and that there's so much that I don't remember about my topic. But I can relearn it. .. Nietzsche once said that we can endure almost any amount of suffering but we cannot endure meaninglessness. I am starting to understand that the purpose of all of this is not the achievement but it is the struggle it is the striving. It is getting up no matter how stupid you feel and trying. It almost doesn't matter what you are struggling to do as long as you are doing it. When that feels easy you set a new goal. It feels awful at first but soon you did something you didn't think you could do. And that fuels you to keep going. ..I'm so glad I came here in the throes of withdrawal and self-loathing 10 months ago. I have learned so much. I am rebuilding myself brick by brick. I hope I will be stronger for it in the end. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! 
Glad to hear the update!  Someone will be inspired by your words.
I am currently in the throes of withdrawal and self loathing. I'm also a currently stymied writer so your success is inspirational. I think I will write for 15 minutes tomorrow :) 
Bravo!  Wonderful post!  I'm glad to hear you're writing again!  
Well done *and* well said! 
I am finding sobriety has its ups and downs but generally when it's getting easier. I also remember when I was writing my dissertation (a humanities subject so it was a pretty hefty 90k words or something like that) it similarly got easier as it went along...good luck with both.
