-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97phfn/im_so_fucking_exhausted_ptsd_grieving_and_relapse/

This is gonna be long kudos to anyone who makes it to the end.  My brain is foggy and all messed up so it may not even make sense.  But I need to fucking purge some nasty shit out of my mind and body and you guys have always been supportive in the past.  ..I used to be a somewhat active member here.  I haven't been for a while for a reason I haven't been sober (currently awaiting my badge reset).  My sobriety was going fairly well and had gotten pretty easy til I went through what I now know is an emotional flashback a symptom of what (after literally 13 years of random diagnoses dozens of professionals and thousands of dollars spent on treatment and medications) I now know to be complex PTSD.  ..I know it's bizarre to think someone could have been suffering with PTSD for 13 years and not known.  Apparently CPTSD is less understood not even in the DSM and because I never qualified for having "regular" PTSD no one ever explored the idea of trauma playing a role in how things were going for me until my last therapist started digging deep into my brain.  Then I happened to meet an extremely knowledgeable and life changing doctor who was able to make the diagnosis after just one appointment...Anyway for my birthday celebration back in April my friend arrived to our weekend camping trip with a handle of vodka.  I may have posted about it here at the time I don't remember.  I felt hurt betrayed the whole weekend was shit she passed out early and I was left awake unable to start a fire while it started to fucking snow.  It triggered an insane meltdown for me that is still affecting me four months later and I haven't spoken to her since because of how things went down.  ..I held out for about three weeks and then the drinking and drugging started back up.  What they say about this disease being progressive is no joke.  I was able to drink just as much as I was when I quit if not more.  I hid in my room all day drinking eventually quit my job because I couldn't get a day off after I literally tried to kill myself and I was just angry at the world and didn't want to deal with anyone.  ..So now I'm back home with my parents in the same place that created this nightmare of a mental disease that I have.  I'm living here purely out of the necessity that poverty brings.  It sucks.  I've finally been getting a little relief lately since doing a lot of reading on managing CPTSD symptoms and getting some decent help.  I'm looking for a job again so I can get out of this crazy house ASAP.  ..In the mean time I'm learning about how important it is to "grieve" for my hurt inner child and shit if it doesn't make me want to drink even more.  I keep reading about these life altering cleansing cries that people engage in but expressing feelings is so uncomfortable for me.  Learning that expressing feelings is a bad thing is what got me here in the first place so of course it's a struggle.  I feel like I definitely can't fully process all this trauma for good if I can't stay sober for more than a day at a time.  But the urge to drink is really strong when all these horrible memories and feelings are coming to the surface.  It just feels all around like a bad deal.  
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry you are going through this. I know it really sucks. But you stopped drinking once before so you know you can do it again. It sounds like you really want it. I believe in you. I will not drink with you today. 
Shit.  I'm sorry you're going through this.  Good thing you're back here and good job seeking out some help and dealing with this even though it means some less than ideal living circumstances.  ..Best wishes with the job hunt.  Keep us posted.
That is heavy heavy stuff. Trauma is such a fucker. Please be gentle with yourself as you heal and keep coming back here for support. You are not alone. You can grieve and nurture that child in you back to health and you can take very good care of her while she recovers. Best of luck with the job search: you're doing everything right. Sending you strength as you deal with all of these challenges. I will not drink with you today. 
