-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97prel/when_will_i_know_if_i_have_acute_pancreatitis/

So I have major health anxiety I'm 28 and relapsed and went on a two day binge and I remember throwing up like three or four times. On the fourth time I felt a 7/10 strain on my left abdomen-ish. I went to an AA meeting that next day and I've been sober for three days now and the pain is still there but seems like it's lessening...It feels like I pulled a muscle. I looked up symptoms for pancreatitis and it seems to be a loss of appetite vomiting fever and a constant severe pain. I have none of those symptoms but I do have that 7/10 pain when I turn to my left  side. It feels like when I've really strained a muscle working out or something. I've read that puking strains your muscles but is it possible to just have it isolated on your left abdomen?..Going to a doctor is not an option right now because I'm waiting for my insurance  to kicks in but if the pain gets worse or I start having other symptoms I will go to the ER. This is causing me to lose sleep and I know I shouldn't have googled symptoms like I always do about the worst case scenario. ..Has anyone ever pulled a muscle before puking? Or how long do the symptoms of acute pancreatitis take to really manifest?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear you are suffering and in fear of the unknown.  We can't provide medical advice.  The hospital urgent care or primary care doctor may have options for you now with your current insurance situation.  Best to you.
&gt;Going to a doctor is not an option right now because I'm waiting for my insurance to kick in..An "urgent care" or "walk-in clinic" is usually in the neighborhood of $40.  No insurance required...An ER visit can be VERY expensive but of COURSE in an Emergency I do to the ER...An urgent clinic visit may put your mind at ease.  ..Pancreatitis leaves no room for doubt.  However there are many other issues of a lesser scale...Good luck!..Let us know how you are.
Go to the doctor or ER. They will do bloodwork including a lipase test that will tell. There's no way you can figure this one out at home. Too many variables.
Hi there!  This isn't the place to ask for medical advice unfortunately.  Quitting drinking can cause serious (or even fatal) side effects so the only answer is that you should see a doctor.  Great job on stopping and I won't drink with you today!
