-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97q8ei/planning_a_relapse/

What do you do when you catch yourself planning a relapse? When you find your brain running down the checklist of possible outcomes and gives the green light to have a few? I have a recording session in a couple weeks with some old friends and those usually turn into basically a party once all the heavy lifting is done for the day. .In the past I've always gotten my work in the studio done even when I'm drunk and I find myself rationalizing that I'd be drinking with a friend who's always been a good drinking buddy. As in does a really good job at keeping me from doing stupid stuff. .I find myself planning on not only drinking but avoiding accountability for it as well. This has been hanging over my head a lot lately as the day draws nearer and I'm going crazy running my brain in circles about it..Any advice would help folks..And for now IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I go to a meeting or post on here. Talking to another person in the struggle has saved my ass countless times.
Ask yourself if it's really worth putting you're job at risk for something that you may regret anyway.im really clinging on to every day of my quit and value every second of being sober.IWNDWYT  
I'm glad you asked! I caught myself doing this for my trip back home for Christmas.  It's ages away I know but there will be lots of catching up with old drinking buddies! 
If I think I can  get away' with going out and drinking once  safely' I remind myself:  just who do I think I'm fooling?   Alcohol doesn't work that way on me.  It wouldn't just be once.  And the number that night would do on my mind is.. well the actual effects are incalculable really.  I like to hang on to the fact that I do know how this mind would scheme and work on me to bring me down again and after all my work crawling up out of the abyss of alcohol I will not go diving back down into it.  
I think what I have to do is be HONEST with myself:  a planned relapse does not mean I'll just have a one off experience and be done with it.  ..What it really means is that I'll be sucked right back into that downward spiral of daily drinking getting drunk every day and hating myself and trying to figure out a way to climb back out and start all over again...I'm beginning to think it's easier to just stay sober.
