-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97s0us/missing_the_pink_cloud_depression/

Is it normal not to have the pink cloud? I feel angry grumpy tired depressed sad and it's actually getting worse each day instead of better. I feel like a dwarf faced with giant stairs. I climb a step each day (struggling fighting tormented) and just somehow make it every day just to face another huge step the next day. Rationally I know that I can't drink any more but mentally I don't see any benefit at the moment (I know there is but I just cannot feel it). Will the pink cloud come later? Will it get better? What makes it worse is that I feel totally hungover since a few days with a headache and the urge to vomit and this after around 30 days. Really depressed now! 
----------immediate responses--------

Would a visit to your doctor be a possibility?  There may be some other things going on that the alcohol use was masking; it's probably worth checking out...My mood since beginning sobriety has been a sine wave - not great but at least I have good weeks here and there; yours sounds much less bearable...Wishing you better times soon.
Hm. You've gone 33 days without drinking. That's excellent!..The thing about being better is that it takes habits that you build for life one at a time. You focused on not drinking for a month and now that's a habit. Maybe for the next few weeks you could not drink and focus on building another habit. I recommend an active habit like tennis swimming weightlifting or yoga. 
I think you need to look at this a different way it might help.   ...People who go through early abstinence of alcohol (NOT GOING TO CALL IT RECOVERY) and feel great are deluding themselves more often than not.   ...This perception that it is easy and now they are able to run marathons and write novels and all other kinds of things are ridiculous at best and very dangerous. ..I'm not going to lie here I feel like total shit. I hate the fact I cannot drink like a 'normal\*' person. I hate the fact others seemingly can or at least put that bullshit veneer on their drinking.   ...Pounding a 12 pack would for sure make me feel better for a while--but it isn't what I want to do. I have decided I'm done with that bullshit and if I need to--I'll go to any length to not. Drinking for me is a slow suicide wrought with pain for myself and everyone else around me. Why the fuck would I want to do that to myself and everyone else that cares about me.   ...TLDR: people who hit this pink cloud bullshit are often the same ones who come back after a week long binge wondering where they went wrong. The gritty assholes that feel like shit everyday are the ones that get sober and stay sober. 
If you're going through hell keep going!..I found there were a lot of ups and downs over the first few months... I remember feeling pretty good by the end of month 2 before another bout of the 'Grey Soup' (Anti-Pink-Cloud) phase struck.... at the time it was easy to imagine that it would go on forever but it didn't!..It takes quite a while to heal the physical/mental/emotional damage from *years* of boozing... There's an interesting [Recovery Timeline](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/) there if you've not seen it.....Hang in there and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
There are prescribed medications that can make you feel hungover give you headaches and make you want to vomit...If you are totally drug free a trip to the doctor is definitely in order.
Each of us is different so each recovery process is different. No rule. I had a pink cloud my first 60 days. And than 10-15 days of PAWS. Anxiety depression mood swings iritability ..... all the nasty shit. If you are facing PAWS it comes and goes in waves and it can last up to two years depending from your drinking history. Just in case visit a doctor. Maybe you have depression. For sure it can be treated. In any case remember one thing. No matter how hard it is don't pick up the booze. Just keep moving forward! IWNDWYT !!!
This is normal and it will pass. Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS) is a real thing. The good news is that your brain is working hard to heal itself and you will start feeling better in time. Hang in there. Daily meditation and exercise are important tools to maintain my mental health in recovery.
You should probably go see a doctor and get some lab work done just to make sure you're ok. Feeling hung over after month doesn't sound right to me 
I've never experienced anything like the 'pink cloud'. I honestly think it's a myth - people who suddenly don't feel as awful as they did think that they feel great. It's regression to the mean. I have to caveat and say that my longest sober period is about 60 days and that my three longest sober periods have all happened this year since March 24. So others may know more. But I've never felt anything remotely like what is generally described as the pink cloud...Whether or not it exists I don't think anyone should approach alcohol abstinence as a means to gain superpowers and feel great. The way you feel on a normal sober day might just be your average - and there's no genuine chemical means to escape that. That's likely to be one of the things that made you drink. Absolutely without question the fact that I felt pretty rubbish on an average day was one of the things that led me to drinking as a way to escape that...But trying to use chemical means to escape your normal day is cheating and it will catch up with you. That's what I eventually convinced myself of. I think if you are realistic with yourself you will note that abstinence from alcohol confers major benefits on your health your bank balance and your state of mind. It does not and has never had for me the redolence of chemical escape (which is what the 'pink cloud' always sounded like to me) *but it's still better.*.
Me too.  Very little pink cloud effect for me this time.  After around 30 days I was feeling desperate enough to start searching for a therapist.  (First appointment today)  I also have been trying to start meditating and went for a physical with an MD.  I am still feeling physically and emotionally crap by the end of the day but I'm trusting that not putting almost a gallon of carbs and poison in my body everyday will eventually result in feeling much better.  Exercise is next.
Thank you for this post. I am on day 16 and feeling utterly dreadful :( and I thought it was just me. I wish you did my have to feel this way it sucks but you have helped me feel less alone. ..Also what you wrote about feeling like faved with a giant staircase - I have never heard this before but it's so so accurate for me right now! ..I really hope you (and I) feel better really soon.
My 2nd month sober was the worst! But by my 3rd monthI was starting to feel better and it just keeps getting better. So stuck with it don't drink!..If anything when I feel tempted to drinkI remember how crappy I felt the fist 2 months. I don't ever ever want to go through that again!
If you're comfortable sharing what are your interests?  Are you working? Do you have family friends SO as support? What takes your mind away from focusing on the giant stairs?
Hey there sorry to hear of your troubles. What I have noticed in my time clean and sober is that the  pink cloud  usually is a result of the immediate change in people's lives when they quit drinking. All of the sudden their fears about going to jail or losing a job or any number of potential problems have vanished so long as they aren't drinking. This can be a very freeing feeling and we try to hold on to it!  But more realistically the relief from alcoholism comes from getting involved in some kind of recovery process whatever that may look like. I think that after a while people understand that they must be able to weather the ups and downs of life without drinking and the  pink cloud  becomes the feeling of having stayed sober throughout the food and bad and not so much a permanent state of feeling. I would suggest to you to take things slow if you are feeling depressed or sad it's what works for me when I am that way. If you aren't involved in A.A. or any groups possibly look into attending one to see if you like it. But definitely take things slow  One day at a time  is the slogan for us all!
Do you exercise?  I love riding  my bicycle.  Like all out sweat pouring off my face bike riding when I get depressed.    Wanting to drink and feeling shorty and doubtful is the old brain trying to come into focus.  The new grain is the clarity and reasoning.  .IWNDWYT!!!!
I'm sorry you're going through this. My pink cloud period lasted about two months and then suddenly ended leaving me gasping. Up until this point I hadn't joined AA or any other program since I'd deluded myself into thinking that the good times would never end. It was through AA and working the program that I acquired the tools to fend off the gloomy depressed feeling I got in sobriety...These negative feelings are part of life. In the past my response to feeling like shit was to drink. This made me feel good until the next day when I felt even worse. And on and on and on. Twenty years of heavy drinking left me with more issues than the average person too...What you have to do is learn to deal with these feelings without relying on the crutch of alcohol. It's worth thinking about what exactly you're feeling. Are you hungry? Eat. Tired? Sleep. Lonely? Call a friend. Angry? Go outside and walk around the block to cool off. Perhaps you're feeling entitled to something you want rather than grateful for something you have. ..I'd suggest trying AA. I've gone to many meetings feeling tired annoyed and beaten down and almost invariably walk out feeling better. You'll learn through AA literature interactions with other fellows and the wisdom of the steps that your problems are not unique and that you can deal with them...Remember: You didn't become a drunk overnight and you're not going to heal overnight either. Thirty-three days sober is no small feat. You're doing great! Just keep at it one day at a time and keep coming here and sharing with us. You can do it.
