-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97s29a/stuck_and_unsupported/

I had a relapse. Went on vacation and hid my drinking from my husband. It wasn't good and I lied and did all the things I said I'd never do. He confronted me on the drive home and I fessed up. He's pissed. And rightfully so. I told him I would stop and be better I successfully did so before. And he said he knew I have a problem and need to work through it. I said I need a couple weeks to re set no drinking of course  but just really get at it and he and I could revisit where we are then. That in that time I need him to help me feel good about myself. He can be very critical about things that are pretty inconsequential but it adds up and I asked for some respite while I'm getting back on track. Positive perspective instead of a negative one. He then started to badger me for details about my slip ups what I'd drank etc. I told him I didn't think it would help and it made me feel bad so to stop. ..He stopped talking to me.  we drove two hours in silence. Then we got home and unpacked and he made me feel like a stranger in my own home his younger cousins is living with us while his house is finished being built. My husband would ask him a question about the show we were all watching and ignore me. The only things he said to me were a bitchy comment about not being consulted on dinner (I'd texted him) and he offered me a slice of peach didn't say anything just put a bowl in front of me. I went upstairs to change the laundry and he made himself and his cousin dessert and didn't even kind of offer me any or pretend he might...I know he's hurt and upset. But I'm so sad and scared about how he can be so callous and unkind...IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

What have you been doing to have sobriety?..Does your husband know about r/alanon (www.al-anon.org)? It's for people who are in relationship with somebody who's drinking affects them.
Oh man!   Hopefully you will get some good advice for this.  All I know is you need a hug.  This teaches you that currently you need to find other support than your husband.  Can you get into therapy?  Also check out local sobriety meetings.  Hugs!  IWNDWYT 
My husband often behaves the same way whether I've been drinking or not. Silent treatment etc. Especially if you have past trauma in your life being with someone who uses such techniques of punishment can be very very difficult and emotionally devastating. Please don't let his lack of empathy and support make you feel worse about yourself. That could keep you stuck in a place where not drinking becomes even more difficult. I drink in part to numb myself to the pain of not being supported. I fell apart and did it again yesterday. Back to day one. IWNDWYT
