-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97zn8h/changing_my_social_life_to_adapt_to_a_nondrinking/

So I recently had to completely cold-turkey give up drinking due to health reasons revolving primarily around my endocrine organs. To be totally honest the actual drinking isn't something I'm fiending for. I'm on 2 weeks now and haven't really had an urge for a drink. The type of drinking I did do was really really heavy binging in social situations sometimes for days on end with generally a week or two break in between and this was my "thing" for like the past 10 years. So this has basically resulted in nearly all my friendships being rooted in activities that involve alcohol. ..Now what I am fiending for is social interaction. I pretty much hang with myself and my partner exclusively because all of my friends are drinkers and pretty much see me as the fun party guy. I can't be that guy anymore. The non-drinking activities I like aren't the most social. Im really into video games and card games but people who are into those things are often on polar ends of the social spectrum: stone cold abusers or social recluses. I'm also into working out and bike-riding but I'm not particularly good at either and don't really know anyone who would be down for those types of activities with me. I dont really even see a point in buying clothes looking cute or like working out anymore to look good if I'm not going out...As I'm writing I'm not really even sure what my goal is. I'm kind of venting. I'm kind of asking for help or words of wisdom. I'm in the SF bay area and getting away from cocaine and alcohol feels like trying to hide from the sun. Fucking nearly impossible unless I'm inside at all times. I don't wanna relapse and start drinking and get really sick just because I feel like I can't live and socialize normally otherwise. But I feel like that will probably be the end result. If the options are get sick or be fucking sad and bored and friendless forever I know I'll pick the former at some point.
----------immediate responses--------

Get a decent camera and go hiking or biking to get some dope ass high quality photos... share them on here or online or on a crowd sharing site like Pixabay... getting compliments and likes on the photos you post will still be a pretty good "buzz" and it gets you outdoors by your self or others who are into capturing life for what it is without booze and drugs. Just don't share shitty photos because no one wants to see that shit. Quality over quantity.
Quitting drinking is a bit like flipping the magnetic field on a planet. It's hard to get your bearings when everything you based your life around is in your past. ..But you've got a few good leads to follow. ..Number one you've got a partner to hang with something a lot of people posting here don't have. Use this window of reclusiveness to deepen your relationship. When life gives you lemons.....Number two you've got some non-drinking interests like bike riding and card games. Don't be scared of enjoying a hobby by yourself. Although the card games one might be a bit hard... there's always solitaire.....Number three you've already got some friends albeit boozy ones. Don't underestimate your ability to influence them. They might love to go for a bike ride with you and your partner. Or come around for an evening of card games. Or go to a gym class...Sounds like you've got some worries about tomorrow. But it's today that we can focus on. 
Do you live near a board game cafe? Either take partner and friends there or they'll probably have evenings where you can come on your own and join a game. I find I don't particularly think about drinking when you're focused on a game. 
[removed]
There is a bike shop around here that hosts bike club where people of any skill level can come and ride together. I also know people who use meetup form sober teams in softball/volleyball/dodgeball leagues.  .  .Have you considered volunteering for a cause you enjoy? I worked as a volunteer coordinator for a few years and volunteering can be so rewarding. You can give back to the community while making new friends and developing new skills.  .  .All that said I totally sympathize. I hesitated to invite my drinking friends on sober outings because I didn't want to seem lame. Turns out that a few friends were really excited to go hiking or take a meditation class. Give people the chance to surprise you. 
There is a huge and diverse sober community in the Bay Area. You might try looking on meetup for alcohol free events or even hitting up some 12 step meetings Just to meet some people. I found the atheist meetings very cool. 
