-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/981syo/i_fucked_up_this_weekend/

My sisters bachelorette party was this weekend and I've been feeling really ashamed of myself for drinking and smoking. It's taken me this long because I'm sad ashamed and mad at myself. August 22 would have been 1 year and It was basically the final test. I felt sick I threw up. I didn't have that much fun. I regret everything and the depression that I had been fighting last year basically came back with a vengeance...I knew I was going the relapse since the beginning of the month. I've been feeling super lonely for the last 6 months and when I stopped drinking I basically stopped hanging out with anyone because everyone I know drinks and parties hard. I don't know how to Make friends with or without alcohol. I was really tired too I just wanted an escape from working so much. It didn't work really. I didn't make friends or feel less exhausted. I felt like shit and now I'm going into my first year at Uni feeling like a piece of shit. Oh well there's not much I can do about it now except continue being sober and try to stop my depression from coming back. I have two weeks left until school starts so maybe that will help. ..Once you know better you can do better. 
----------immediate responses--------

That sucks I'm sorry. I hope you feel better soon. At least you know that you can stay sober for a long time through loneliness and depression. Might therapy be an option for you?..It might also help to find activities that're sober and more likely with some sober people like perhaps joining a sports team book club something like that... maybe there're good local activities where you can join and that aren't too boozy. I hope that you can make some sober friends and acquaintances!..IWNDWYT
&gt; Once you know better you can do better...Nice I'm stealing this ..IWNDWYT
I'm sorry you're feeling so bad. Try not to be too hard on yourself. Getting very close to a year of sobriety is a huge achievement and something to be very proud of even with a relapse. Those hard-won days are not wasted. You still have them in the bank and they will stand to you. Once the immediate shame and regret wear off everything you learned in that almost year and everything you learned during the relapse will be there for you to carry forward with you into Uni. You are better prepared now than you have ever been. I hope the depression lifts for you very soon. I know that's a tough place to be. I will not drink with you today. 
Your ratio is still 365:1 that's great! I'm sorry you feel like crap now but don't beat yourself up over it...As far as making friends goes...the first year of uni is the perfect time to make new ones! Everyone's a little scared and looking for new buddies. I'm sure you'll find some sober friends. 
