-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98bg74/approximately_30_days_ago_i_woke_up_on_the_side/

Luckily the police let me off the hook as long as someone could come get me right that second...The next day I made a list of every way alcohol had affected my life. And... It just kept going. And going. And going. I had a 2 page list of both specific incidents and general things. I'll share it here one day but I'm not sure I'm ready yet. I also add to it as I recall things...I'm happier and healthier than I've ever been. ..I use to reset my badge here once a week. For anyone struggling I encourage you to make the same list I did!..IWNDT  
----------immediate responses--------

Not sure I could make my list without some sort of emotional emergency. I know it is there in the past and I can take who (what? Maybe some sort of creature) I was and stuff it in the past so long as I am walking in my light now.
30 days is a major milestone! Congratulations! Keep on truckin'! IWNDWYT 
Excellent! Great job.
I have done it and it can be hard to look at but that is what validates my current choice to stay sober. When I get weak I give myself a dose of reality.  I will not return to that way of life. I know relapse is so real so I do shock treatments (remembrance of the past)  So glad everything worked out for you safely-maybe it is a sign? Stay strong glad your here. :) I will not drink with you today.
No one knows about My problem or my sobriety. No one cares. I'm never alone I have kids a job A husband and a family everything you could ask for. no one ever told me I seemed like a drunk and alternatively no one's noticed that I haven't had beers in months. I am to my family just like a couch or the kitchen table. I do my job but otherwise Unnoticed. I am doing this by myself for myself because once they realize it they will rationalize how much they helped me do this and it will be about them.
I would say I am a doormat but more functional with other skills - like making food laundry finances cleaning and kid logistician. If I would be a doormat I would be beige. Just blending in with the surroundings...I haven't had a craving in a month and it's  easy  now but it wasn't always. I really don't miss it other than I am more social (of course) when on the booze and out of the house. ..I want someone to notice damn it! I am saving my life!!!
