-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98fzp6/hey_folks_looking_for_advice/

so i myself don't actually struggle with drinking(although sometimes i worry i go to heavy with it or do it for the wrong reasons) but instead i want to ask for advice on how to help my significant other. i love him dearly and he definitely wants to stop. hes made significant progress in the last nearly year we've been working on it but we're sort of at a point where we see no improvement or maybe there doesn't need to be improvement? i'm not particularly sure so i think i will just explain the situation. why i've come here is because i thought perhaps i could get an opinion from from the people who struggle with it themselves perhaps then i would be able to give him the support he needs. so here goes: ..when i first met him he was a mess and i didn't even realize it. he was drunk everyday all day and high. he's now quit smoking marijuana or so i hope. there were times he was drunk or high and i didn't even know it because that's all i knew with him. i've learned that he did these things to escape his problems. just as i've had my own vice for the same thing in the past however i was able to overcome and quit it(self harm) all thanks to his support. fast forward to today i think for the most part he's okay. according to the last time we spoke about it he only has a drink like once a week sometimes even longer? however i don't know how much of it i believe or if i should believe it because of how many times he's lied to me about it. i find empty bottles in his home and in his car and he says they're old bottles then throws them away but then i find them again and he says it again. it truly hurts when he does it and when he lies to me about it. i struggle with ptsd he does too(it's the main reason i quit hurting myself because i was also hurting him) and alcohol is a huge trigger for me(i won't go into why). i know it's an addictive substance and quite possibly much harder to quit then what i was doing(even if it became habit for me after doing it for over 10 years). my issue with the drinking even if it has slowed down immensely compared to what it was is his dependency on it when things get bad. i think i would be okay with it every now and again if it wasn't for it being over it's always because he's had a bad day at work or something bad happened. so when he truly wants to have a social drink i fight him about it because it really upsets me and i worry it will just become more of a daily habit again. is this justified thinking? am i doing anything wrong? i have tried every approach i can think of so far. i tried being strict about it being upset over it and hurt to his face yelling praising him for his progress as often as possible and even just stopping caring about it to his face even thought deep down it really hurts. what can i do? ..i apologize if i shouldn't have posted here. im just looking for advice and information. thanks ahead of time. ..-scanibu .(also i haven't found a way to get reddit to put spaces between paragraphs and it seems html doesn't work so im sorry if this seems like a wall of text)
----------immediate responses--------

There's a link (it actually should have shown up in the box where you were typing your post but maybe that doesn't work sometimes. It said "this isn't the best place to get help for family and friends") with resources for loved ones: .https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_for_concerned_family_members.
Sorry to hear about your situation...Al-Anon is a good resource!
[removed]
