-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98gnl0/i_have_a_crush_on_my_therapist/

This is probably going to make me sound like a really shitty person (username checks out maybe?)..I've been seeing my therapist for several months and she has been nothing short of phenomenal. I haven't been sober the entire time I've been seeing her but for the last few visits I have been. She knows a good part of my struggles and what drives me to drink and has been completely awesome...Anyways I have a girlfriend I'm happy with for the most part. Even if I was single I'm not the kind of person who would ever make a move on her. Even though I don't think she's much older than me I know she's married with kids. Even if she wasn't I still know this is nothing more than a little crush and even if I ever felt like it was something more there are so many moral and ethical issues at play here that would prevent it from ever going on...But on the other side of the sword is that even after working my ass off all day at my job I knew I didn't want to disappoint her. And that kept me from stopping in and buying alcohol tonight at the store I drive by every day on my commute...Thanks for letting me spew my thoughts here whether or not you read it. I'm going to journal and read a bit before bed.
----------immediate responses--------

Having a crush on a therapist is not unusual. 
This is very normal and you are definitely thinking clearly.  The crush will pass.  IWNDWYT 
While not unusual this can't really be beneficial. .I'd probably find a new therapist - if she knew she'd probably insist on it herself. 
So I'm listening to this monk lately and he has good things to say about concentration.  He says one excellent way to practice concentration is to put everything else aside and completely become present with the person you are with.  When you are with them put away your phone don't be distracted by the tv or the dog or your own thoughts just really totally give them 100% of your attention.  Where your focus is the energy grows.  Notice how in counselling sessions we are totally focussed on the therapist.    We rarely use this concentration in most other types of circumstances.  Can you practice this with your wife when you are at home with her?  It may balance out your attention and deepen and grow that bond with your wife.  I've been doing this myself and the results are nothing short of totally remarkable.  Monks know where it's at!  Good job with your sobriety work buddy!  We're proud of you! 
I've never developed a crush on a therapist but I've developed crushes on several of my past bosses and a person in AA with much more time sober than me...Wisdom is sexy I guess. ..Don't beat yourself up! It sounds like you are looking at the situation logically and it's awesome that you are self-aware enough to seek some advice on the subject. Like others have said this crush will pass...Keep kicking ass!!..IWNDWYT.
