-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98i5bt/day_three_feeling_like_garbage_and_my_story/

I have been a lurker of the sub for about a year never wanting to admit to myself that I may be one of those people who cannot have casual drinks. I created a new account as I feel more comfortable posting without posts that may lead to my identity. I want to become more accountable and an active participant...I began drinking heavily in college Thursday to Sunday usually to black out. This was the  normalized  drinking culture on campus. I thought I was having so much fun never mind the classes a missed an interview for a great on campus job I missed the guys I don't remember hooking up with and the shame that followed...After university I moved in with boyfriend to a small on campus apartment and we partied constantly drinking most nights. After three months he got a job offer in a very small town and I decided to go with him. During that time I had the most amount of sobriety as he worked long shifts and I bartended an hour away and would not drink and drive. We had a happy life and went out to drink heavily about twice during that year. .When we returned home after 2 years of living around the country together is when I would say I began to spiral into some problem drinking. My ex cheated on me with an old girlfriend from highschool and I kicked him out after 4 years of living together. .From this instead of working on moving on from the relationship I hit drinking hard and dated a string of men most of whom I didn't even like. I had a great 9 to 5 job in my field that I loved however I was calling in sick ( hungover) once or twice a week (thank god for unions or I would have been fired).  The irony of this is I also started a second job at a detox facility at this time as a social worker..I decided after a year of this that the solution would be to get away from my exes hometown and move in with my best friend and drinking buddy an hour away. I left my amazing job for a part time job and the drinking continued. During this time I was sexually assaulted by a taxi driver while I was drunk and in a vulnerable situation. I started to go to bars alone I made terrible choices about the men I slept with met a decent man who cared for me then got drunk and cheated on him.  I had periods of sobriety during this time but alway went back after a month and just called it a little detox I was doing. All in all things were going down hill. .After letting the guilt and hurt soak in I moved back to a city close to my family. At first I was doing pretty well but then the old habits of drinking have been coming back. I drink because I think it makes me more charming and attractive then I can't stop and end up doing something to mess up my life. I have messed up so many good opportunities for example the time I went into an important job interview hung over and puked..I am currently a live in caregiver and am not supposed to even have alcohol in my house but I have been sneaking it in so I can pre drink before social activities..Two nights ago I went out on a date with this lovely man who has not realized I have a problem yet. I said I wanted to go out for   a glass of wine  which turned into 5 glasses and a shot of tequila while he had a coke. I also had pre drank half a pint of vodka before meeting him . I woke up the next day in my clothes from the night before thinking for sure I had messed that one up. Then my hangover hit and I vomited for about 12 hours had numbness in my hands cold sweats and anxiety.  There was vomit all over my floor and I couldn't get the energy to get a glass of water. This is a pretty standard hangover for me. But I'm getting older and it seems my body can't handle it as well anymore. For the past two days I haven't been able to sleep and anxiety has been through the roof.  Luckily the guy still think I'm just a cute girl who can't handle her liquor but has asked that for the next date we cool it with the drinks maybe. I would really not like to ruin this relationship before it begins but I know I need to work on being sober for my own well being...I know I need to stop this isn't normal. The things I know that will be challenges are that my whole family are drinkers. The idea that anyone is an alcoholic has been pushed under the rug. My friends also love to drink and we do a lot of drinking when we are together. I also am already dreading not being able to have a glass of wine and watch a movie or have a beer at a bon fire. These are my struggles right now. I do want sobriety and I know it's the only way I can really get my life together and be a better person...Thanks for getting through my rant. Any suggestions would be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

You already know it's time to stop. That's probably the hardest realization. ..Also like me it seems a lot of your other problems came from drinking. You can do this we're all here with you. 
I can relate to this majorly. I've fucked up more times than I can even count. I've sat on a toilet with diarrhea and puking into a trash can at the same time crying because I was so miserable. I've woken up next to awful men who don't give a fuck about me. I've ruined relationships that could have been amazing because I got drunk and made an ass of myself. Or cheated. ..I realized very recently that I've been putting off quitting drinking because i was waiting for some  big thing  that would make me stop. I didn't know that's what I was doing but the thought of what that could have been or still could be is terrifying. ..I'm one week into sobriety and it's the longest I've gone in a decade. The last 6 months has been  quitting drinking  for four days (or until my hangover finally subsides) and someone invites me out to drink. ..I've had to admit to myself that I can't casually drink. That life isn't for me and it's not an option. I have one beer and suddenly the night is alive and full of opportunities. The next day I'm usually hungover near death looking like shit hating myself and scared to look at my phone because I don't want to know what I said or did the night before. ..I have the same fears. I used to quit and say things like  I'm gonna take time off  or  I need to detox  because I couldn't bare the thought of missing out on my favorite shit; bars meeting randoms drinking champagne in a pool drinking wine watching a movie even now I'm sad that I can't do those things.. but I'm also glad that I can admit that now. ..The things I want in my life are more satisfying than a night at a bar spending money and fucking a stranger who doesn't even know your name. I want a sexy healthy body. I want clear skin. I want a loving relationship. I want a family. A home. Alcoholics don't get those things. You don't get to have those things and be fucked up all the time. ..Alcohol brings you more misery than happiness and the happiness it does bring you probably don't remember half of it. ..I hope this helps. I'm in the same boat as you only I'm just one week ahead. I'm already gaining confidence and for the first time in a long time I can visualize a future for myself instead of making it through the day thinking  I'll get my shit together tomorrow. 
Welcome.  You're making a great decision.  ..One thing that really helped me was learning to diminish my desire to drink.  It's not a big deal if you don't want it you know?  So I decided to "retrain" my brain.  There's been a lot more to it than that but this sub has really helped me realize that I'm not missing anything by not drinking and really I'm gaining a lot for myself.  Annie Grace's book *This Naked Mind* helped a lot too.  ..I'm glad you're here.  Keep us posted.  
I could relate to your post so much...drinking to be confident sleeping with men whose names I couldn't remember the next morning the crippling hangovers ringing in sick to work hungover drinking too much on dates. I could go on. ..After many attempts to stop (both proper attempts and half-hearted ones) my last attempt was when I was totally sick of myself and couldn't bear the thought of continuing with living like that. In previous attempts I'd thought much the same as you mention: how can I not have a drink at xmas or to celebrate my birthday or have a drink after a hard week at work. So I had to only think of one day at a time I stopped thinking into the future and concentrated on the day I was living. This made it easier to not trick myself into giving up. And it's easy to say but the urge to drink at xmas or birthdays etc does start to ebb away until it's just a thought there's no emotional attachment/habit to it and so I don't want to drink. It'll be a hard journey but once the benefits of not drinking start to show this can spur you on. This sub has been amazing for support and advice as well I wouldn't have got far without it. 
Thank you all for the words of encouragement. It's nice to know I'm not the only one who has been through some of these experiences.
I feel this so hard. I know I'm so late but I had to respond because I relate so much. I'm at around three weeks now. We can do this. This has gotta be the time that sticks. I will not drink with you.
