-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98iidp/no_weight_loss_no_good_feelings_right_now_whats/

I'm really struggling this week. It's been 80 days. The first two months were great. I felt healthier and happier. But the good feelings have all worn off. My partner isn't as enthusiastically supporting as he used to be. Still supportive but even he admits that I've gone back to being angry and hating myself (something that I used to feel a lot while I was drinking). I've forgotten what hangovers feel like so that's not motivating. It's so hard to keep going. Now I'm trapped away from home with my husband's family at a cottage for a week with a fridge literally packed full of booze. .This suuuuuuuucckkkkkkss   . Sorry for the whining and ranting. I just have a lot of bad body feels that I'm having trouble shaking.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm feeling similar after 100 days or so. Asking myself what's next and not having a plan to take it on. Bad feelings arise when I least expect. Almost too much but I keep going. Sober tonight and it feels fullfilling
Good job coming here.  Reading through others' posts usually reminds me what the point is.  I feel that not-drinking is sort of like literacy.  It's not as though learning how to read makes life perfect.  I might have thought so though if I couldn't read and I had to deal with that difficulty all the time.  So I think that while not-drinking hasn't solved all of life's problems they sure are a lot better than if I was drinking.  ..Don't know if that little bit of disjointed logic helps at all.  It's just a thought I had while brushing my teeth and it seemed relevant.  Stick with it.  I know I never wake up wishing I'd gotten drunk the night before.  
No hangovers though... Don't forget the hangovers. Those day-ruining  anxiety inducing head pounding awful hangovers. You're doing great. IWNDWYT 
I hear you! Early in my sobriety I felt so much hope for the future - everything felt good. Then it all fell apart and most of this year I've felt stressed confused and sad. I drank for so long that I don't know who I am and I have so much work to do to heal myself and figure out how to live my life. Sobriety has helped get me to a place where I can do that work and for that I'm grateful. Sober life is just better even though I'm in a major depression. So that's the point for me. I'm going to lean into the depression and do the work and stay sober because even though I feel stuck right now I know it won't help to go back to drinking. Good luck. IWNDWYT.
&gt;I've forgotten what hangovers feel like..They're awful. Truly awful. Does that help?..In all seriousness though you're smashing this. Sobriety alone won't solve all your problems but it does make it easier to tackle them. Right now you're feeling down but you're reaching out for support in a healthy and constructive way - would you have been doing that if it wasn't for sobriety? That's progress and shows you're in a much better place than you used to be...Keep up the good work and remember; struggling isn't a sign of weakness it's an sign of strength.
[removed]
I've given in twice now at around 80 days. I'm currently on day 1 again (need to reset my counter!). I've come to the conclusion that I was suffering from PAWS post alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Have you looked into this? ..Please have faith that what you are feeling now fades into comparison with the misery of being back at day 1. Drinking is horrible it destroys lives. Sending you love and strength xxx IWNDWYT
My husband and I gave up at the same time. He's lost 12 kgs I've lost nothing. Bloody typical eh! However I am picturing my non-fatty liver which is smiling away and feeling much better. Think how much healthier your body must be not having to process poison every day :)
My hardest test was around 70 days. I feel like I felt how you feel now and I know it sucks. I had to remind myself that whatever I am feeling that is ok. Most importantly that feeling will always eventually pass. Try be kind to yourself today. You are doing amazing.     
&gt; I've forgotten what hangovers feel like so that's not motivating...I once recorded one of my hangovers for just this reason. Here it is:..I was on day 4 and feeling very good when my wife mentioned she saved me half a beer. I initially said I didn't want it but then drank it anyway. Of course half a beer wasn't enough so I went and bought more   really strong ones too. I ended up drinking far too much. I drank 14.5 units of alcohol in total...I woke up at 4AM feeling really rough definitely hungover and a little nauseous. I ate some eggs and drank coffee. That felt better for a while but then I started to feel worse. I took a wet shit which had that really sour smell...I tried going back to sleep around 7:45 but never really slept much because I was feeling like I wanted to puke. Around 9:45 I got out of bed. I had a bad headache lots of bile my body was throbbing and then I puked. It was a rough puke with a lot of stomach acid. I avoided taking my medicine for my thyroid...It is now 10:10 and I still feel horrible. My head aches very badly my throat still has a lot of phlegm that makes me want to puke. Nothing seems to make me feel better. The most comfortable thing I can do is walk around and wait for it to pass. Each minute is excruciating pain and passes so slowly. I am only debating whether I am going to puke again. The phlegm triggers my gag reflex I can feel the bile start to rise then I try to force it back down. I tilt my head in different directions to see if it will relieve the pain...At 10:35 I finally have my  real  puke. Plenty comes out and then I end with dry heaves. I try to choke down a piece of toast and my stomach feels queasy. My head still hurts. I hope I am past the worst of it...11:15 and I still have a massive headache and my stomach feels queasy. I am finally starting to get that tired feeling as if I could sleep...It is now 11:40 and I think the nausea has finally passed but I still have one hell of a headache. I am very sensitive to sound. There is still just a trace of phlegm (or something) at the back of my throat that I can feel every time I swallow. ..It is now 12:53. I just had a cup of espresso. My throat is still a bit gaggy and my head still hurts. ..It is now 1:45pm. I still have a headache but much more mild. I have a touch of nausea but I was able to hold down the coffee and a burrito. The worst part is that I just want to isolate. I don't want to say anything and I don't want to listen. Almost an entire day is being lost to this shit. ..It is 2:18pm and I still feel like shit. What a great idea to drink yesterday...At 3:07pm I am still feeling like shit but the pain is not as intense. I will take a shower and start pounding some water...It is now 6:45Pm and I just finished dinner. There is no nausea now. My throat is still sore from vomiting. I feel very bloated. The headache is largely gone but I feel very tired and my head feels like it is wrapped in cotton (sort of strange pressure)...It is now 7:07PM. I just shoveled snow off the driveway. The fresh air and exercise made a big improvement in how I feel. I hope that I will sleep well tonight...It is roughly 5:30AM the next morning. I can still feel the effect on my head which remains fogged. Despite going to bed around 10pm last night I am still very tired and did not sleep well. At 7AM I am noticing that it feels like I had a small but too much to drink last night and feel some slight lingering effects. I definitely fucked myself up the night before last. Still getting a few odd pains in my head. They don't last long though...It is now 4:37pm the next day and I can still feel the strange pressure on my head and I also feel a bit anxious and irritable..I went for a run around 5pm and it is now 6:27pm and I feel almost normal oops just felt a small pain in my head...Is this the life I want at 49 or for the rest of my life? What a waste of life. I can do nothing now. I am completely useless and I enjoy nothing. I actually hate being like this. ..I never have to be like this again if I never drink again..
Around 80 days was really hard for me. Everyone's journey is different but when I got to 90-100 I felt like I was really free.  Just take it one day at a time and things will get better.  Wishing you the best!
dkfmls
First off keep coming on here. Your memory sounds like mine. I dont remember a lot of the negative. It's like my mind puts all that out and only reminds me of how fun it was. Reading other peoples stories and struggles on here will remind you of why you stopped. ..As far as weight loss give it more time. I actually gained weight and have just now almost 4 months in have started to lose. I've always wanted to get in shape but the drinking always kept me from the gym. Not anymore. The it took awhile for the motivation to come but its here and I'm not going back. ..Everyday gets better. It's never perfect but it's better than being drunk or hungover. ..You can do it! IWNDWYT 
 I had a few weeks of feeling like this.  Damn near drunk too!   Managed to re-evaluate things ie why I am getting sober etc started reading the unexpected joys of bring sober went back to AA.     For me stopping drinking is only half the battle I have so many other issues I have to work on.  Drinking will only make them worse. So im focusing on those ATM.   ..Good luck.  
