-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98isct/when_i_disclose_the_truth_to_some_people_it_seems/

'...Good for you and fuck you.' ..Sorry this is just something I'd like to get off my chest as I've been feeling sensitive and a bit bitter about these types exchanges recently. I'm not going to lie - it's jealousy and shame slapping me across the face every time. ..I'm not referring to people who have issues with alcohol and are feeling threatened by my sobriety - I know those kind of responses and I'm sympathetic. I'm talking about those who pass comments like this in earnest. They seem to enjoy the whimsy of mulling over this issue with me as if having issues with alcohol is a wild concept that they can't wrap their head around. It's like they're trying on a ridiculous hat in the mirror and declaring 'ha not for me!' with a carefree laugh while I'm just sat there with the ridiculous hat superglued to my head for the rest of my life. Cool good for you. ..I've had this a couple of times and I can't pretend it doesn't hurt. I'm sure they don't mean to hurt me (they're people I'm close to) but can't help but feel the sting of these remarks. It makes me feel like a weak pathetic person. Please tell me I'm not alone in feeling this?
----------immediate responses--------

Ha! Awesome.
Don't worry about it. People who try to feel superior to you for your vices feel threatened by you for other reasons. They are just looking for a chink in  your armor. Take it as a compliment. 
Maybe pick carefully who you share with. You know you're doing the right thing so just keep going and maybe don't  discuss it outside of here or AA until you feel strong. Believe me I've been an open book in the past and have paid for it. Journal your feelings that helps. Lets just not drink for the next 24 hours as that's the most important thing ....
It's totally possible that they really can't wrap their head around it. They really generally aren't trying to be mean and don't even realize that it hurts. When I'm in that situation I'm usually like yeah it's crazy how people are so different we all have our flaws amiright? Maybe it gives them something to think about and try to understand instead of just making a snap judgement. ..Everyone has things they're good at and things they aren't good at and everyone has natural traits that just come as a package deal. You're not weak or pathetic (though I know the feeling). And you are definitely not alone!
The story of "Alcohol and Me" is not one I share freely with others mainly because of reactions like that that just add to the stupid baggage.  For the most part my relationship with alcohol is a path I need to walk alone so I can be comfortable in my own skin again.  Focus on yourself. Celebrate every minute of success!  Don't even go there with other people right now.  Good luck to you and I wish you the very best!  
It really makes you feel unappreciated huh? Sorry to hear that friend. You're absolutely not alone...It's pretty common in conversation to respond with one's own experiences on the matter even if there are none. It's not a \*good\* conversational tactic but once you notice it you'll hear it everywhere. Talking about what's getting you down - or the other person just interpreting your words that way - seems to bring it out most often.
"How about beer you can still drink beer right?"...That's the response I find most annoying.
I wonder if they are hiding other addictions... like an overwhelming impulse to be negative towards others? You are not weak and neither am I or any of us. I reckon most people are addicted to something. At least we recognise it!
It might be that they just don't know what to say. This is one of the reasons I don't go around sharing this fact about me with a bunch of people. I don't need to say I'm an alcoholic too say no to a drink.  
Sometimes I can't decide if they're in denial or just plain stupid. I had a guy going on and on and on about how he always drank *way* too much *every time* he made a gourmet dinner which he did 4-5 days a week and all the ill effects it had. But he wasn't an alcoholic he assured me gesturing with the beer in his hand. Hopefully these guys will come around eventually.
You're definitely not alone in feeling like this. But very few "normal" drinkers are going to give you the credit when they don't understand what we go through. How could they? Why should they? I know first-hand that it sucks. I also know first hand that I was over sensitive about a lot of things especially early on and still am to some extent. But what you are doing takes balls and it really is an amazing thing that you are doing for yourself. So you get a gold star in my book! 
No you're not alone in this in the least. It's a painfully diminishing response lacking empathy or imagination. "Ridiculous Hat" indeed. How wonderful that your sobriety and recovery is granting you the ability to recognize this for what it is: the smallness of some folks. Don't let it stop you from knowing what you need to do to recover. It hurts but don't let these small people get you down. 
Wierd isn't it?  Our not drinking makes those around us aware of and protective of their own drinking. This is okay. ..It kind of sucks at 1st then you realize its a protective response to keep them from considering a different way.  ..I told a friend that I stopped drinking and the response was Well your aren't one of those  people that has to count the days?  I wish I had responded this way  162 days . Instead I said nothing. .Keep your own counsel.  Love yourself. 
Could be projection. They're terrified of giving the stuff up so must reinforce to themselves they don't have a problem even though moderate drinking is like popping Xanax multiple times a week. Sooner or later it catches up to you.
Not alone not weak not pathetic. I think we in recovery often become more present with ourselves and others by necessity which is good. ..But that quality of close awareness makes me more sensitive which I also happen to think is good but it is not the most painless way to move about the civilization. I'm working on reconciling all that strengthening my little sphere of healing rather than getting understood. It's not simple but these are our stories. And at least you already have the most amazing name for yours: *Ridiculous Hat*.
I think people need to justify to themselves why they continue to do what they do. Be it at a healthy or unhealthy level and it is a sign of unsureness in them. They immediately look at themselves and forget you altogether...I've been hanging with some health nuts and we can talk specific diets and if I mention I quit beer I hear the love of beer discussion almost immediately. Did you know such and such location is famous for blah blah beer? IPA bacon pickle strawberry bullshit flavor? As if the quality and redeeming flavor outweigh the fact it is high alcohol level calorie ridden beer. Sigh.....
Totally that's why I never tell people I quit cuz I have a problem.  I just say I dont drink because I don't like it.  
You are totally not alone in this. I guess that when some people can feel superior to others they feel better about themselves. But it's not a good feeling to be on the receiving end of this.
Congratulations on your Sober Progress!..&gt;They seem to enjoy mulling over this issue with me..I learned that if I'm "upset" there is something unsettled with me...  something wrong with my balance.  I use these signals such as "bitter" "impatient" "intolerant" "irritated" and others as markers that I need to look internal. ..It means for me that there is a bit Red Flag somewhere in my life and what I am doing....   "I don't Like iT" ...  "It" being whatever I think should be different...It usually means I want a person place or thing to be different than it is.  When it's not the way I want it I produce the responses I do not enjoy.  ..I realized that the good news is "I" am the problem.  That's good news because I can do something about "me".  I can't do much about others.  If they have viewpoints I don't "Like" or "agree" with I can accept them tolerate them or remove myself from them...An important thing I remember is:  I'm not in control of what others think believe say or do.  I don't enjoy resentment or anger and can ill afford it...If I find myself with a pattern of exchanges that I don't enjoy I can change the other person and alter the exchange or I can change me...I have the most success with changing me!
I have a friend who does this too.  Um so why do you ALWAYS want to meet up for beer?  Super annoying and we have spent less time together since I got sober and b/c I'm tired of hearing the bullshit.  IWNDWYT 
I tend to think it's because they're struggling with something not even on your radar (affair with their boss? hoarding? super behind on bills?) and in that moment they're feeling comfort that someone else's dark secret is the focus. 
I love the ridiculous hat analogy. Nailed it. 
&gt;  It's like they're trying on a ridiculous hat in the mirror and declaring 'ha not for me!' with a carefree laugh while I'm just sat there with the ridiculous hat superglued to my head for the rest of my life. Cool good for you...I'm officially obsessed with this analogy.
There are still a lot of people who don't understand alcoholism. The pathetic person is the one who is insensitive enough to make cracks like that. .It is just a way for them to feel superior. But it is sort of like someone congratulating themselves on not having cancer. They think that they must be stronger because they never fell into alcoholism. ..Medical science recognizes alcoholism as a disease. You didn't really choose to have the reaction to alcohol you have. It is in your DNA. Personally I would make the remark "well aren't you just the special one". Sarcastic of course but sometimes a dose of reality is called for. 
Thank you for this post...it's really helped me think about who I might respond in inocent but hurtful ways...I'm very outgoing and confident about public speaking. I wonder if when people tell me that they're shy if I've responded with "that's never been a problem for me"?  Hmmm.  :/
I don't disclose this information.  Don't cast your pearls before swine. .. or something like that.  If people really are genuinely curious and interested  then I'll give out what i consider to be relevant information. ..The conversations usually go something like this "i don't drink."  And they usually respond with "ok that's cool. "
Soem people are brutal. Be kind anyway. Don't lose yourself
They fail to realize it could just as easily be them with the "problem." Hopefully it won't happen to them but it's that sort of mindset that can lead somebody to wind up with a dependence before they realize it. Because one chooses to think critically about their relationship with any drug they will have the healthier relationship than someone who doesn't think that way or pretends they don't have to. Pay their arrogance no mind they just don't get it and that's ok because you do and that's far more important.
People have a lot of problems. Drinking too much is just one of them. Going out of one's way to wound other beings physically or emotionally is another. Thank goodness we don't have either of those problems at the moment!
Yeah fuck those people bro. Straight up fuck'em and fuck'em hard. ..Buncha no empathy I'm-better-than-you motherfuckers. ..Sorry about the raw emotion in that. I'm no where near serene just yet only sober and not for very long. ..IWNDWYT 
Blather. ..People really don't know what to say and--we all do this--try to "connect" in some horribly awkward way and/or make a bad joke. I haven't talked to a ton of people about not drinking but the only person who said something weird actually came back a little later to ask about meetings cuz she's worried about her own drinking. So if it helps: It's them and not you.
