-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98jway/finally_clicked_that_moderation_sucks_if_its_all/

On my 50th day sober I made the decision to have a drink. My friend and I went to get lunch at a place known for its Belgian beer. My friend told me he didn't want to encourage me but he wouldn't stop me. He was a good friend not pushing me either way... just making sure I stopped to double check and consider my decision before we even went inside. Then again before I ordered. He asked things like "Are you sure? It's not my decision but I thought you were going to keep going sober.".  ..I explained I'd thought about it and that it was just one beer with lunch. In hindsight I hadn't *really* thought about it not for more than a few minutes. I'd finished the beer before my meal arrived and ordered a second one. That was it though. My apologies if you were secretly hoping for a train wreck of a relapse story like the one that ended with me waking up on the street outside my car missing my wallet and with a bunch of angry txt messages. Sorry but not this time. I must be getting better. At dinner with my brother I easily said no to a rum and coke (my favorite) without thinking about it. So... ..Firstly I'm a little disappointed in myself for breaking a streak. It should have been an easy craving to avoid as I wasn't stressed or upset and I wasn't bored or lonely. I suppose that because it looked so innocent it was insidious. That same old thought of "I'll start drinking again but I'll just be responsible. You know a glass of wine once or twice a week."... Which never works.... I'm happy I didn't throw in the towel and buy a bottle on my way home and I learnt something.  ...Those two beers did nothing to me. A month and a half sober yet I got no good buzz from them. I felt it sure. After a few minutes alcohol felt warm and cosy in my skin and I noticed my vision and frame of mind relaxing. However I didn't feel wonderful. I didn't feel super relaxed happy energetic and charming. I wasn't a million bucks floating through the world like a champion. I mostly felt a little dopey and sleepy.   ..You know what else I felt? The urge to drink more. If my friend wasn't such a good level-headed and solid dude I'd have ordered a third. A nice red wine. Then hit a bar. Maybe picked up a bottle of 'something nice for dinner'. After one sip I felt the urge rush through me the knowledge that even a bar-full wouldn't be enough. That ancient clawing feeling of wanting *MORE MORE MORE*...   ..I noticed something mega valuable today. I saw that I get no enjoyment from a quiet drink with a meal. The meal was the same as if I'd been sober. Casually drinking responsibly wasn't fun for me. It's obvious now I don't like drinking. I like getting drunk. I love getting drunker.   ..I was quite mindful and aware of my feelings and thoughts during the entire experience like an experiment or meditation. If two beers weren't really very enjoyable for me (just a tiny bit).  then I should not risk it. *There is nothing to gain from the temptation of casual responsible drinking. And so much to lose*. The "quiet drink to relax" is a lie for me. It's a made-up fairytale I told myself. A way I could lead to drunkenness. I don't enjoy alcohol until I've had enough to be over the limit to drive and enough to find it difficult to say no to another drink. So in future I'm not going to drink anything. The final puzzle piece has been put in place. That question of if I could just drink socially. The question of why I shouldn't be trying to learn responsible alcohol use instead of being entirely sober has been answered. Simply there's no enjoyment to be gained from it. For some people probably nobody on this sub there is. For those of us who have had a problem there isn't. All I got from two strong beers was a sleepy headache and a desire to get drunk. All drinking gave me was a craving. All I wanted was more.  ..It might have been risky but I'm kind of glad I fucked up today. I've put that final nail in the coffin. I've given up on the dream of being a responsible social drinker. I know now that the point where I begin to really enjoy it is beyond the limit that I would set for myself. Therefore it's better that I abstain completely.   ..Only... What if I could just moderately get a buzz stronger than those two beers at lunch today. Just a few glasses of champagne before a special event. (that you embarrass yourself at). Lazy pints with friends on a Wednesday (that becomes Thursday's hangover). A bottle of wine once or twice a week (skipping the gym). Maybe a pair of rum and cokes each day after work (and neglecting responsibilities). The odd tequila shot for fun (and regrets). Irish coffee on weekends (and maybe a DUI). A vodka in my gym flask (health food is too expensive). Nightcaps (and nightmares). Hair of the dog (that keeps biting while I feed it). Dutch courage (and putting my foot in my mouth). Social lubricant (for arguments and fights). A daily six-pack (for my beer belly). A never empty but never full wine rack (to serve with toast). Gin in the freezer for emergencies (like a bad hair day). Cider when I'm sick (or tired). Wine with meals (and before them). Beer in the afternoons (and whenever I go out). Whiskey with any excuse... An occasional moderation. That's the other option now I've ruled out the "One casual beer responsibly" type drinking. ..I hope someone relates. I just needed to get this off my chest. It was a stupid decision that thankfully didn't lead to disaster but I'm happy as fuck that I can lay the casual drinking myth to sleep. Today I will not drink with you. Not even one. *There's no point in one unless it leads to more. And I don't want to be stuck with more.*  ..Tldr; today was like bumping into a horrible ex having a quick conversation and realising that you would only ever love her again during the middle of having sex. And you don't enjoy foreplay or want to wake up with her ever again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Omg - you literally write out exactly what goes through my mind. But you put it so articulately- and so clearly. There is no moderation for me. Because each time I try- I end up in the same state of mind you describe and it's torture. Thank you for this play. I'm SAVING it for future cravings. 
So eloquent and so true! I'm saving this to remind me why I'm doing this the next time I have a craving. .."Casually drinking responsibly wasn't fun for me. It's obvious now I don't like drinking. I like getting drunk. I love getting drunker" -- Reminding myself this has been what's kept me sober these past 106 days. Moderation can't possibly work for someone who has no interest in moderation. Glad you see that and have chosen sobriety!  IWNDWYT!
Ya I have definitely played this scenario over and over once feeling comfortable in my sobriety. Just obsessing over the occasion and amount . I have Been sober for the majority of 2 years having a sip here a glass there but nothing no buzz ever just pissed that a broke a streak. I think your tolerance never goes back down after being a true hard core alcoholic like me. So I would need 3 bottles of wine to feel anything kinda of a big commitment to drink and relapse. .Just think about how much your obsessing over the drink isn't it sick and annoying?  Just try to catch your self obsessing and check yourself.  You might be able to  control  your drinking for a while then we all know what happens..1 drink is too much and 10 is not enough. .Good luck to you thanks for sharing.
Yes! I just can't even try to pretend I want to "learn" to drink moderately--I don't! I don't enjoy a drink; makes me bleary. I am so *clearly* craving some degree of oblivion that when I imagine drinking I don't imagine the feeling of a drink--I imagine the feeling of wanting the next drink after I'm done with the one in my hand. Like running in a dream and never getting anywhere. 
Thanks for this you put it so well. A quiet drink to relax is a lie we tell ourselves when what we really want is to get drunk. As the saying goes when I control it I don't enjoy it and when I enjoy it I don't control it. 
Wow! Great post. I suspect that would be the case if I just had 'one or two' drinks. IWNDWYT
I don't like drinking I like getting drunk....so true
I'm saving this post for a day that I know might come eventually. .This is exactly why I don't want to drink again; one drink is never enough. Once I've started drinking I almost always will want to keep going. Having a single drink and calling it a night is more frustrating than remaining sober and knowing I'm not flirting with the possibility of obliterating myself.
The mission is to get obliterated drunk. Moderation will not get you there. Best we all remain sober. 
Ya the rules never worked for me. Always broke them immediately lol. It might not always be this way though... maybe later on in life you will be able to drink who knows! 
Thanks for sharing this... I can absolutely relate and you have articulated a great deal of what I've been working through and thinking about in the past several weeks. 
Great post. I love the analogy at the end. I wasn't able to quit for good until I finally shut and locked the door on moderation. Besides what was the point? I drank to get *drunk*. Zero drinks is so much easier.
&gt; That ancient clawing feeling of wanting MORE MORE &gt; MORE..Yikes. That line hit me like a hit punch. Yup. Theres something primal about it isn't there? Like it's something hardwired and out of your control?..At least we know it's not just us. Fortunately or unfortunately. It took me three tries at sobriety for it to catch. Thankfully now the wife is on board and understands. I wish I could say that feeling goes away completely.. but it probably never will. Like that hungry feeling you get when you haven't eaten all day. ..Dont forget this lesson you've learned here.. it'll save you time and grief later!
I feel like I wrote this. Great post. Thank you for your thoughts. 
I love getting fucked up too. Moderation is just painful for someone like me...I've found reflecting on my journey in sobriety very useful here on SD but you my friend take it to the next level. Beautifully written post that I think will resonate with many of us.
Wow I feel this 100% I all I really get out of having one drink is a pain in the side to have another.  I often fantasize about moderation because my social life is going to have to go through a lot of changes for my sobriety.  I want to be able to moderate to be able to hang but also as soon as I have one drink my M.O. changes from wanting to hang out to wanting to get plastered.  Soon as that ball gets rolling all the positive behaviors in my life get pushed to the side. ..Thank you for sharing your familiar thoughts and experience. 
Very well written. What really jumps out at me is how you approached your two beers with awareness and really put some thought into your analysis of experience. Thank you for sharing your experience with us.
I can relate to what you are saying... for me it was never just 1 or 2 more like 12... I realized I didn't like the feeling of that buzz wearing off when I attempted to moderate so the goal was to keep it going but of course it changes after the initial buzz and gets into dangerous territory. Eventually I realized that I didn't really even like the feeling of being completely shitfaced either. And I already knew I hated the hangovers but they started getting unbearable...IWNDWYT
This is really relatable! I'm still in the constant day 1 cycle and I could feel the urge to have one more (just one) when reading this. I panicked for a second thinking I should stop drinking the one I'm on and looked over at my... plain black coffee. This is really hard for so many of us. Thanks for sharing your story!
Yes! For much of the past year I've tried moderation and it didn't work. I like your analogy about running into an ex- that's exactly what it feels like! I won't drink with you today.
This says everything I've wanted to say to all those who have said "Just have a couple."  A couple was never ever enough I couldn't have a couple and enjoy an evening it made me feel worse than having none at all. Moderation has never been for me it's always been binge drinking and looking to get drunk/obliterated. No more it's just not worth the mess it causes. ..I'm saving your post as a great reminder thank you for posting it :) 
 *There is nothing to gain from the temptation of casual responsible drinking. And so much to lose*. ..So true for me too.   Great post.  Thanks for sharing.
Such an awesome reminder.  Of course I don't want a drink I want all the drinks and only that.  Every nice bottle of wine I have ever spent money on I didn't even taste because I was already 3 strong beers in.  Your post totally resonated with me thanks for the great perspective.  Glad you figured this out.  IWNDWYT 
I relate to everything here. I didn't go off the rails. I was disappointed with the drinking. I clearly saw that sobriety was better and that I was happier. I even came to SD and made a confessional post and swore I was done. I then proceeded to embark on another 4 months of "Just one more day and then I'll quit." I am pulling for you but be prepared to throw more energy at quitting than you did for the first 50 day period. 
dfssg
I've been lurking for some time mostly because I was denying that I had an issue. Until this last time where I woke up with a hangover so bad that it took me two days to recover. I don't drink for pleasure. I drink starting out for pleasure and then continue to drink to get buzzed which turns into getting drunk. I admit I do it to mask pain from a chronic pain disease but this last time really made me sit up and throw away what vodka I had sitting around and I haven't had the urge since. I know that may not last and hopefully that hangover memory will sustain me through a rough painful situation. Hard liquor is really where I have the issue as I know I can just chase away the pain fast with it and cheaply. ..This post very clearly put into words how I feel I would be in this situation and spoke to me though that I broke my silence here in the forum where I was afraid to before. ..As you guys say. I will not drink with you today. 
This is a fantastic piece of writing. I woke up to day 50 this morning after my first real night out since stopping drinking. I agonized over the extensive cocktail and wine list all night constantly teetering over whether or not it had  been long enough  for me to have a drink. You just validated my entire night's decision to not drink. That feeling of wanting more is the warm blanket for me not the booze itself. You put that feeling perfectly. I'll have plenty more days like last night but these little moments of checking in are what keep me going. Thank you!
Excellent post. Well written. Thank you!
My moderation fantasy is becoming one of those people who can have one or two glasses of beer or wine maybe twice a year and the. Get drunk (not pants on head drunk but giggly drunk) once every couple of years during vacation. That's how the responsible people my age and older do it. I'm not sure if that's possible for me but I'd like it to be. I think the problem is when we make excuses to have alcohol shortly after indulging then fall right back into old habits. Maybe it isn't worth it to have to practice that self control because it over complicates life.
Thank you so much for this post. This is where I'm at also.  This is a great reminder that I have no desire to have a drink like other people do.  ..IWNDWYT!
I relate to this.  When I drink I want to drink until I can't/I'm out/it's too late/I'm quite drunk/it's time for bed.  Anything less than those 5 things and I will continue to have the urge for one more.  Which is the same urge as just before my first one.  Yes I have a buzz now but I still have that crave.  5-8 hours after those 5 things I feel awful.  I feel worse than I did before I drank the first drink.  But the craving persists.  There is really only one way to deal with it and that is to not feed it until it dies...I learned this when I quit smoking.  It took 3 months of no smoking to feel a major change in the craving.  I also know from previous extended periods of stopping smoking that the desire comes back instantly if I put the chemical back in my body...
That's probably the best "relapse" story I've heard. You dipped your toes in the water realized the sharks were still there and walked the other way. I wish this was something that alcoholics could just be told and then \*know\* but we can't. I couldn't. I had to relapse over and over again for 5 years before I realized I couldn't have even one beer. I'm glad all it took was two beers and that you have such an awesome friend. I gave all my friends to my addiction.
Yep yep yep yep yep yep !!!!!!
I haven't indulged yet but I think I'm struggling with this with the fantasy of being able to drink in moderation.  I guess my only defense is the old cliche ODAAT.
Yeah I had a similar realization last night when I was going to order  just one drink . It's not the drink I want it's getting drunk that I want. 
Thanks for this...The social aspect of drinking has long been my biggest weakness; reminders that a little isn't enough are always welcome.
Great summary. I like the visual. I know that ex. I tried all sorts of moderation rules. I am an expert negotiator and could always find a loophole to allow drinking under a given exception clause. Zero is pretty non-negotiable and so I will not drink with you today.  
Thank you for posting! I quit last September and had a glass of wine back in May under similar circumstances. Didn't lead to a bender or anything I just got really tired and felt like SHIT the next day. Caused conflict with my boyfriend who was out of town (we quit together) and I just felt all around shitty about it. And it wasn't even fun! ..I think it was a valuable lesson because I realized that I want 0 drinks or All The Drinks not one or two. It was easy to get back on the wagon because having one glass of wine added nothing to my life. ..I reset my badge after my glass of wine but I've been sober 344 of the last 345 days - I know you can do it too! 
Thanks for sharing I finally realized I could not drink in moderation after my second dwi.  Over a year sober and have no plans of going back down that shithole again.  IWNDWYT
The great self-revelation 
Fantastic post one that's helping me not drink today! ..Thank you for your candor...IWNDWYT.
I've tried moderation and it sucks for the exact reasons you say here. No enjoyment in the drinking itself yet I'm left wanting more/to drink again. Might as well just skip it all..
Your TL;DR is exactly right. I don't enjoy alcohol the way I enjoy a good dessert...I don't savor the flavor I don't see it as a little treat where I have one and I'm satisfied and done. I like the way being drunk feels for about 20 minutes. That's it. Only being drunk doesn't last only 20 minutes and I don't go from drunk to normal without feeling dodgy somewhere in the middle. So yeah...if the only thing I enjoy about drinking is getting drunk and I'm tired of what being drunk means for me then I really have absolutely good reason to drink. So today IWNDWY. That's my plan for tomorrow as well.
When I figured this out for myself is when I finally was able to get sober.  I don't like to moderate I like to get smashed drunk.  It's a great mind altering observation to make and it changed my life!  Congratulations   
Great line that was me.  "I like getting drunk I loved getting drunker".
This is a really good description of what the urges feel like and how easy it is to slip into it. I wish other people that are capable of moderation could realize just how easy that is and more importantly that those that have a problem realize this for themselves
This is 100% me. I will not drink with you today!
I tried moderating during my first month of  sobriety  and it was a very similar experience. I didn't get sloppy drunk but I just observed that I got tired and ultimately I just wanted MORE (even though I wasn't even thoroughly enjoying it). Not worth it at all. IWNDWYT 
I will add my compliments to the list and also add that your friend is a worthy companion. I had some great times drinking in my youth but life takes its natural course we get old and our bodies change. But addictive habits die hard and some of us resemble a worn out aging athlete who refuses to retire...I kind of look at moderation like going to play in the minor league after you were a superstar in the professional league. What's the point? You've maxed out and the ship of youth has left port never to return. Why not embrace the new stage of life as opposed to fighting it? I look at my drinking days this way now.
Thanks I needed to read this. I also saved it to read in the future...well done and well written!
You are me. I love the taste of a good craft dry white or a manhatten etc.  One or two is fine- anywhere.  But... my preference is numb.  IWNDWYT.
Yes!  I've thought about that beautiful glass of champagne on Christmas Eve or that cold beer after working hard outside all afternoon.  I will miss those.  But allowing myself to have one now is SO NOT WORTH IT.  All I have to do is think about those detox days and how I wouldn't relive them for anything.  ..Thanks for the post and IWNDWYT.
Great perspective and introspection.  Thanks for sharing this.  After 3 years of starts/stops I need the reminder.
The tldr is high quality stuff. I save every single one of these types of posts that I come across. Whenever I feel the urge to try moderation I come back and read post from people who remind me over and over again that moderation feel exactly like this. Thanks so much for your perspective!
Thank you so much for writing this out. I'm also unfortunately resetting my badge today and it helps to hear from people like you. 
Touch !!!! I love you and your newfound freedom !!!!!  Enjoy your sober life !!!!!
Well said!.Moderation is just too much work for me and I always sucked at it anyway. Sobriety is just easier and actually makes me feel good about myself. Sober on!
Extremely well said. Almost like reading my mind before I actually try moderation (again). Thank you for reminding me that I would never be happy with 1 drink. IWNDWYT
Dude you should start writing you have talent. I read it all and wanted more just like I want more beer at the moment. My second year at university starts tomorrow and I'm drinking beer the day before. I'm such a train wreck...
That metaphor at the end like booze being a toxic ex - absolutely! So I treat booze like I do old flames that were bad for me and how everyone advises me to get over them. CUT THEM OFF. Thanks for your post it was wonderfully written.
Thank you for posting this. This is exactly what I've been thinking but couldn't describe. You just made it very clear and concise for me. Reading this whenever I think I can just have a glass of wine with dinner. 
Thank you for this! 
&gt; I noticed something mega valuable today. I saw that I get no enjoyment from a quiet drink with a meal. The meal was the same as if I'd been sober. Casually drinking responsibly wasn't fun for me. It's obvious now I don't like drinking. I like getting drunk. I love getting drunker...Here for this comment.  Anything less than 5 drinks is just annoying.  After 5 it might as well be 50.
This is great.  Meals and a drink are an illusion for me too never actually liked it.  In fact it mostly pushes the taste of the meal away from you and definitely dulls your senses. ..Glad you had these meaningful realisations.
Dude thank you so much for writing this. It's like you read my mind. And I love how you framed the costs of drinking (not going to gym beer belly etc). Part of me has wondered whether I should try just having a beer or two to see if I can responsibly drink. I know the answer ( I cannot). Deep down I know that if I have one I will want to keep on drinking until I'm hammered. That's it...I'm happy that you discovered this lesson. Congratulations!!..IWNDWYT
[removed]
I'm about 5 months into this journey. Thank you for writing this piece that resonates very much with me. It is a good reminder to me when I let myself daydream about moderation that it really is just a dream and I like to live in reality. 
"One is too many a thousand is never enough."
  I don't like drinking. I like getting drunk. I love getting drunker. ..Yup. Or as the kids say: "This." Not drinking with you today.
U R not alone.../r/cannabis 
Fantastic post! Very eloquent &amp; totally hit a nerve! Thank you! IWNDWYT
Yip. Can totally relate.  I did this too. Had one drink. Didn't enjoy it but wanted more!  I found out that I can't moderate.   In a way I am glad I did it.  Knocked the 'what ifs' on the head and I was more dedicated (and still am) to my sobriety afterwards.  Good luck. X
I love the tl;dr. What a perfect analogy! 
Great post - sums up so many things perfectly. I'm going to print this out and keep it folded up in my wallet.
50 days out of 51 is still good going. Maybe even better than 51 days straight when you take into account the priceless lesson you learned. ..Well done!
Thank you for writing this out for me I'm going to save it for future reference. 
I could never get those normies who moderate. They go out have 3 drinks at the most and call it a night.  After that I want to continue to drink the Pacific Ocean.  
Thanks for sharing this very important and critical research!!! I too have the occasional toxic thought of 'well you know you never even TRIED to moderate.... so...' and that is a dark and scary thought that pops up every once and a while even 25 months into this thing. Your post summed things up perfectly and I relate to much of it so I appreciate your insight and helpful reminder. For me sobriety is just such a better and easier to manage option than trying to find that mythological sweet spot of moderation which would just be a dangerous way to rationalize getting hammered at some point and falling into my old ways...I won't drink with you today. 
Yes! This! You nailed it! ..This is exaaaaactly how I feel. Thank you so much for taking the time to write these thoughts out so succinctly. I am right there with you. ..IWNDWYT
Thanks for this. I've been going over the idea of one day being a casual drinker but I know better. It's amazing how many of us are walking the same line. 10 weeks sober now and don't want to go back to my old life. There is strength in numbers. IWNDWYT! 
I can absolutely relate with that. That was my very story before finally throwing in the towel. Especially that last part about weighing the consequences of moderated drinking to realize there's no benefits. I thought there were some psychological benefits but after being sober for awhile I realized that dining actually strengthened those problems (anxiety restless sleeping depression). .One thing I wanted to point out once it's in my system the cravings are stronger. I'd rather just stay sober period..
If I wanted a nice drink I'd have a milkshake. I drank to get drunk and that's a fact.
You got this 
"I dont like drinking l like getting drunk".That blow my mind how true this is for me and a lot of us I guess
It seems so pointless right? Why would I want to ingest something that makes me sleepy yet anxious for more to get to the point of losing my faculties to ultimately pass out? Ludicrous! IWNDWYT ....
&gt; Only... What if I could just moderately get a buzz stronger than those two beers at lunch today. Just a few glasses of champagne before a special event. (that you embarrass yourself at). Lazy pints with friends on a Wednesday (that becomes Thursday's hangover). A bottle of wine once or twice a week (skipping the gym). Maybe a pair of rum and cokes each day after work (and neglecting responsibilities). The odd tequila shot for fun (and regrets). Irish coffee on weekends (and maybe a DUI). A vodka in my gym flask (health food is too expensive). Nightcaps (and nightmares). Hair of the dog (that keeps biting while I feed it). Dutch courage (and putting my foot in my mouth). Social lubricant (for arguments and fights). A daily six-pack (for my beer belly). A never empty but never full wine rack (to serve with toast). Gin in the freezer for emergencies (like a bad hair day). Cider when I'm sick (or tired). Wine with meals (and before them). Beer in the afternoons (and whenever I go out). Whiskey with any excuse... An occasional moderation. That's the other option now I've ruled out the "One casual beer responsibly" type drinking. ..What a well-written paragraph! I needed this today thank you
Glad this phase (the moderation struggle) didn't last for you.  I think I spent two years in that struggle and became so disappointed frustrated and mad at myself that it turned into a  last hurrah  bender till I hit my rock bottom.  You can't hide from your truth.
