-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98kg5r/dopamine_serotonin_and_adrenaline/

I had a really enjoyable day yesterday. And I realized that now that I'm not actively screwing with my brain chemistry my antidepressants actually have a chance to work &amp; my mood in general is starting to level out. I'm enjoying life on its own terms again and life is actually more enjoyable that way than it ever was with alcohol &amp; drugs...There's a film noir festival happening at a local cinema and I caught the early show  Escape In The Fog' which nailed all of the highlights of film noir: it was delightfully absurd a lot of things happened really fast it looked good and there were some great lines. ..Then I met up with one of my new sober friends for dinner. I do get too hungry for dinner at eight so it was a little late for me but well worth the wait. It's so cool to be able to make new friends again. I've got a lot of old friends but have sorta struggled with making new ones as an adult. Being active in the sobriety community is opening up a whole new world for me. (And anyone in Chicago: make sure that you head over to r/SDChicago there's a meetup happening next week.)..Then we saw  Strange Impersonation' which even for film noir was completely NUTS. I'm gonna be thinking about that one for a *looooong* time. It can be hard to track down decent copies of a lot of these films and I'm grateful that I got to see both of them and that did make it into my gratitude journal...One of the main ideas that came up in my Co-Dependents Anonymous meeting on Friday detachment had also been popping up in my recovery readings under various guises. (It also sounds fairly Buddhist/Taoist from my cursory understanding of these things.) It's about letting go of the desire to control people and events and accepting reality as it is. ..I drank &amp; used drugs because I thought that I *had* to control my feelings my situation and my life. The idea of letting things unfold as they might and of accepting life as it is was extremely frightening to me. A lot of people who have experienced trauma end up with addictions of various kinds. I'm starting to see the connection in my own life between my history of trauma my desire to control people events and my internal state and my addictions. And it looks like at least part of the way to get out of that loop is by having compassion for myself &amp; others accepting reality as it is &amp; letting go of outcomes. It's scary to let go but also a relief...I hope that life finds you all well. I'm gonna get ready for a leisurely walk down to my Sunday morning AA meeting it is a beautiful morning...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

It is a beautiful morning! Congrats on 24!
Yep. I'm always depressed and anxious when I'm drinking (except for when I'm actually drunk). It takes me a good week of sobriety before my brain kinda resets and overall mood improves and I start finding things enjoyable again. 
Me too me too! Yes my medication can actually work now and yes I am finally able to let life unfold instead of trying to force and control everything. ..I've been in a fantastic mood lately but woke up grumpy today. So... I'm being grumpy. I'm in a shit mood and THAT'S OK! I don't have to correct it I know it will pass as long as I am not hanging onto it and open to letting it pass. So I'm just letting it run its course. ..And I know that no matter what... IWNDWYT
There's a phrase that I read on SD once where someone categorized their drinking as the  pursuit of unearned dopamine . That really resonated with me. It took awhile for me to learn what  normal  dopamine levels for an  average  day were supposed to be. ..Once I had those medication became a lot easier to add and assess effectiveness. I chased a lot of dopamine trying to numb out and escape. ..Congratulations on 24 and all the relationships and routines you are building! Catch you tomorrow! IWNDWYT 
