-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98lh96/day_1_an_awakening/

After a big relapse things came to a head last night. Wife had her friend and her fella over and I just drank myself stupid on white wine. Did in about 3.5 bottles and had a blackout. Apparently I couldn't speak and passed out in the garage at one point where I'd been hiding extra wine. ..I woke up and knew how much I fucked up so instead of the usual  I'm sorry' I was honest with her and just said that I have a problem and once I start I am unable to stop. I explained I hid alcohol around the house and that I was going to seek help. ..First time I've ever admitted to someone that I have a problem. We haven't had a blazing row about my behaviour - which surprises me. ..Here's to a new approach. Perhaps I will succeed in my quest for sobriety now that she knows how bad things have got. ..I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome.. You can do this!!!... wishing you only the best... IWNDWYT 
Good job and glad you are here. Every journey starts with the first step. :) I will not drink with you today
Yeah been there!  That moment you wake up and there is a big gap in your memory and you are in bed in the spare room!!  There is no point in arguing we need support not grief.  This could be your tuning point.  Look forward not back you can do this!
Brilliant post . And congratulations on being sober
Well I followed a link that someone put out there .. can't remember what it was but I know if you post it out there someone will help you with the link I am sure.. 
Oh there you go .. woody is always awesome.. 
Good luck to you. Hope it works out.
You're off to a very good start   I'd love nothing more than to not drink to that!  Cheers with hummus!
You have taken the hardest step - asking for help and admitting your problem...Please keep coming back here this community is wonderful supportive and never judgmental. It has helped me considerably...IWNDWYT  
That sounds rough but good on you for being honest and open. You took a huge step in the right direction! You can do this! 
Day 1 for me as well- proud of you for being that brave. I will not drink with you today. 
Thanks for all the kind words folks. Almost 10pm here now and still sober but damn am I tired. Support is definitely where it's at and I feel like that's what's going to make the difference this time. Thanks again everyone.   
Welcome! Be prepared to feel crappy for at least a few days to a week but once you get past that it's almost euphoric
Stay strong. You got this!
The definition is half the solution! And just getting it out in the open is freeing! ..Good job! ..IWNDWYT    
Congrats on accepting that you have a problem. HUGE win! 
Congratulations. Being honest with your partner is major. 364 days ago I told my partner that I could not control my drinking and that I would have to quit to be the wife he deserved. .Now I am not perfect but I am worthy. I found that really indoctrinating myself into the embrace and promise of sobriety has helped me through harder times. Especially in the first 3 or 4 months when I felt so incredibly lonely.  The stuff people say about how much their lives improve is true. .If making an ass of yourself inspires you to quit I'd say it was worth it.
Congrats on making a tough admission. Stopping cold turkey can be dangerous. An honest visit with a doctor is probably a good idea. Be safe be strong be sober. I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
