-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98n8h6/cravings/

Hey guys. Haven't posted in a while. Still on the wagon thank god. Lately it feels like every evening I get the craving to get fucked up. Not have a drink but get drunk. I'm thinking it's probably because I've only been weed free for 2 weeks so the total sobriety is getting to me. I had 2 months off weed but relapsed because it seemed "less bad" than drinking. I would rather smoke than start drinking again but overall I want to be totally sober. But it's hard. It's almost like I need a vice as i'm sure many of you can relate to. I am just slightly worried about all these intrusive thoughts. I dont want to get to that point where my mind says fuck it. So here's me posting to keep myself accountable and remind myself how important my sobriety is. Cheers IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

I had that feeling one night like "why don't I get to have just one thing one vice where I get to go nuts?" So I went out bought a pack of cigarettes (used to only have drunk cigs) and smoked two before throwing the pack away. It was really gross! And left me feeling sick. That made me realize the desire to get fucked up was just a desire to self destruct to make myself feel terrible. ..Alcohol is the same thing for me. Good job on controlling those cravings and remember where they come from next time you feel weak. IWNDWYT!
I really really want my vice to be exercising excessively!! Too soon right now but I can hope.
I think that's a common thing that desire to get obliterated.  I was a stress drinker.  I drank other times too but it was worst when I was super stressed out.   It set a precedent of escapism and it was really rough to break.  I still feel that urge to check out when I get stressed out.  Mostly I try and reduce stress in my life and take care of myself when I'm feeling like that.  ..Recognizing what forces are triggering you is kind of a powerful thing about becoming sober.  It's still hard to go through but to acknowledge the emotions let them be valid react in a healthy way when possible and just get through it does help me in the long run...Good job thinking it all through and power to you quitting smoking pot too.  You can do it!     
Good luck with it Shwite!  I'm rooting for you and let's stay far away from that booze friend it's a messy one.  I'm still reeling from the number it did on me.  Getting cool again- it's hard because I used to be Really Cool.  I want that back.  It's coming.  So someone had mentioned carbs around here in the past and their being related to cravings.  Lower carb diet= lower cravings.  I tried it it worked for me.  I ate more chicken.  And eggs.  Ashwaghanda 5HTP  vegan protein powder a ton of vitamins like CB stress mix Rhodiola magnesium vitamin D (with calcium).  The Good Stuff.  I'm ordering some E3Live up which is an amazing superfood that helps.. wheatgrass fresh squeezed orange juice and grapefruit all the leafy greens.  Let's pack ourselves chock full of Goodness.  Bring it on!  
[removed]
I found Refuge Recovery meetings/materials and therapy to be huge helps in working through that old desire to obliterate myself. As silly as it sounds I still need clarification sometimes on what are acceptable coping mechanisms especially when dealing with things that a manicure or a cheat day on the diet don't seem to assuage.  It's a tough road to dig into why you want to blank yourself out but I am finding the process to be making itself and sobriety worth it.  
