-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98q3g0/when_does_the_crippling_shame_lessen/

So I've been sober since August 1st after a few relapses and two stints in rehab for a total of 11 weeks starting in April...In rehab I learnt *so much* about myself my addiction and my mental health/trauma and what led me to where I was and where I am now. It was so amazing to have that knowledge and how it's assisted me to catch myself when I'm about to fall into addict behavior (although clearly from my relapse after I got out of rehab the first time I still had some learning to do!) and I'm hoping to continue my journey of recovery by moving interstate to a sober house in a few weeks...However now that I'm sober I'm spending at least 75% of my day just... sitting in my shame for some of the things I did whilst in active addiction. I know I never physically or sexually harmed anyone but I know I've mentally harmed a few people and made a *lot* of people concerned or uncomfortable with some of my behavior and things that I have said whilst intoxicated (sending embarrassing messages to people completely forgetting being intimate with someone blacking out and flying into a tantrum so on). And because I'm a shame-driven person (like many addicts are - the core emotions behind addiction are shame and loneliness after all) these things just eat me up all day every day. I cannot stop thinking about them for the life of me and the only thing I can think to do is drink to forget about it like I used to. But I really do not want to go down that road any more because all that will lead to is me doing even more shameful things to regret later. I know I should be feeling shame for the things I have done I have done some bad things but it's not productive for my recovery and becoming a better person to be dwelling on this as much as I do. ..So I suppose my question is does this ever get easier to deal with? From what I can gather this is the kind of thing that is dealt with in Step 5 but I'm not sure. I just really want to find a way of being able to live my life and become a better person without being so crippled by this.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
For me it helped to learn to love myself and forgive myself for being human...Be good to you today  you deserve it. 
I am so sorry you are in so much pain. Shame is such a double edged sword because it *is* a useful teacher when applied appropriately I think but most of us don't know when to turn the spigot off and then it becomes the spiral that you speak of. Shame is NOT helpful much of the time because it encourages hiding. I don't have any answers but recently have been reading a lot about shame in general from the author Brene Brown and her take on it has resonated with me; she also has a great short TEDTalk on shame on youtube if you wan to see it. Most of us start with too much of the stuff to begin with it seems. ..At any rate I hope you find peace soon and can find a way to move forward and forgive yourself. Hugs. 
This has been the absolute hardest part of attempting sobriety for me. I've found a lot of ted talks on shame self compassion perfectionism etc. to be really helpful. The first one I found was  lessons from the mental hospital  and I went from there. YouTube has been a big help in that sense. I just started a self compassion workbook I got off of amazon too  the proven power of being nice to yourself  by Kristin Neff. There's also a lot therapy podcasts and I've been finding and listening to the shame episodes. I felt like I was going crazy torturing myself and sometimes being completely frozen obsessing over little things that happened years ago...and I'm fighting every way I can. It is getting better but some days are still hard. At least now I feel like I'm moving forward. Oh insight timer has been helpful too. Be kind to yourself...you were doing the best with what you had. 
[removed]
So you're doing 12 steps? From what I have heard it gets so much better after/during your step 9. I'm not there yet but I have heard many people say that they no longer feel shame and regret after making amends. For now just try to be kind to yourself and understand that you have been really sick. 
I'll be honest it's something that hasn't gone away for me but being sober allows me to deal with it in a healthy way instead of drinking over it. The best thing for me has been to be a better person and know that I'm trying to never be the person I was when I drank.  ..I've been sober a little over a year now and even when I feel guilt and shame I'm still much happier on my worst day than I ever was drinking. .
