-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98s5y8/an_epiphany_about_myself/

New on here...I have been a heavy drinker since my mid teens and am now approaching the big 40.  I don't drink everyday but when I do it's a case of 'go big or go home.'.It doesn't matter if my intentions are to only have one in a social situation it snowballs into a huge session with blackouts more often than not...Nine days ago I woke up in my bed with no memory of what I had drank the night before where I had been or who I'd been out with..Luckily although I very rarely remember apparently I'm a good natured drunk but it is worrying that anything could happen when I'm in that state and I would never know it...As I lay there praying for death to release me from the most brutal hangover I've ever had(in the end it took me three or four days to recover from this one) I had a rather belated epiphany...I have a problem with booze and I am incapable of having just one drink. It took me 25 years to realise this(which makes me feel a little daft for taking me so long) but right there and then I decided enough was enough and this had to stop...So it's been nine days without it now and although it's been difficult. I'm irritablestruggling to sleep and even more bizzare seem to have broken out in a severe case of acne but I refuse to be beaten this time. I just won't allow it..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Good to have you here.  It's not easy but it is so worth the struggle.  It only gets better wishing you the best of luck and I will not drink with you today! :-)
Keep it up and work with a general practitioner. Your body is just trying to reestablish homeostasis. ..So just wait. It will all pass.
Congratulations!..Sober On!
[removed]
Aw that's rough.  Maybe try some melatonin an hour or two before bed to help you sleep.  Try to add more exercise even just an evening walk...it will get easier.  
Me too! 25 years drinking 39th birthday today and 12 days ago I had the epiphany during a brutal hangover. This isn't easy at all but very worth it. IWNDWYT sober twin :)
You could be describing me though I'm 4 years older.  ..Good luck stopping boozing is the best thing I've done in years.
Welcome friend! Love your attitude. "I just won't allow it."  Irritability &amp; sleep problems are fairly normal early on I think. Beware of a voice in your brain (Booze Goblin)...he is a LIAR! Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
This was a very interesting read because I went through the same thing. I'm 40 as well and began drinking aged 16. I also had the same kind of epiphany and realized that alcohol just wasn't doing anything for me anymore. Blackouts and mounting health problems just weren't worth it. ..I was irritable too for around the first 2 to 3 weeks and then it slowly got better. Now after 90 days I am really starting to see some benefits so stick with it if you can. The money you save alone is worth it. The sleep definitely improves and the skin starts to look better too. I've started using a facial scrub thing and (can't believe I'm saying this) lotion to moisturize my face for the first time ever.
My story is almost identical to yours with the exception that I wasn't always nice when I was black out drunk...Thankfully I realized this. For me it was at 31. I wanted to feel stupid about it as well but alcohol isn't really known for its rational effects...I'm pulling for you - we always have control over our actions even when it doesn't feel like it.
Oh man heard on the acne topic!..Everyone always talks about how excited they are that their skin clears up immediately. Yup nope. Months into sobriety I had the worst acne of my life far surpassing the already pretty severe acne I had as a teenager and continue to battle in my late 20's...Badge reset recently but no acne reset unfortunately. On the brightside it's a lot easier to stick to a skincare regimine when not blacking out and falling asleep in make-up every night. So surely there is hope for us...Either way I'd rather be one giant sober pimple than a fresh-faced drunk (excluding the baggy eyes pale complexion and sheen of vodka sweat of course)...Keep on kicking ass!!..IWNDWYT.
