-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98sqgh/i_relapsed/

I'd been sober for nearly 6 weeks. That's probably the longest run I've had. I was bored so I went out with my Uncle to watch the football in the pub and ended up having a beer. The first few sips were amazing. Lovely clean crisp taste. After that it was just reflex. I got so drunk a friend had to escort me home. Woke up this morning feeling so foolish. Spent way over what I can afford and have a stinking hangover which I have to work through...So I begin again today. I know for certain now that moderation is not an option. If I drink I will get smashed. For today I will not drink who knows what the future holds but I'm not feeling too positive.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back bisqquit. I think it takes real courage to come back &amp; be honest!  It takes strength. Failure is not getting up &amp; trying again. Stay strong!  I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
&gt; So I begin again today. I know for certain now that moderation is not an option. ..This is so true to so many of us. I know for a fact that I can't moderate...Well in times like this we get back in the saddle and ride on...IWNDWYT
Welcome back! We all stumble. I'd use this as a lesson learned and take the next step on the journey. Good luck! IWNDWYT 
I have been here many times. Recovery is the act of moving forward to something better not necessarily perfection. Chin up today is a new day. 
&gt; *If I drink I will get smashed.*..Non-alkies don't get this..."Why don't you just stop after the second beer" they ask...Because *If I drink I will get smashed* that's why...I will not get smashed with you.
Welcome back
[removed]
Learn the lessons and move on.
Same here. It can never just be one drink for me. The next thing I know I'm blacked out and wake up wondering what the hell happened.
Remember it's a stumble and not a fall you shouldn't be too hard on yourself. You can get back to six weeks and even more just take things one day at a time...Good luck and IWNDWYT!
Stick with it. The best advice is to avoid the pub but you were with your uncle and watching a game. This is the kind of situation which is the downfall of many people. ..Don't discuss alcoholism with someone who isn't an alcoholic. They do not get it that a sip could send you down the road to death. Think about finding a support group or a few sober friends to hang out with. If you feel you can tell your Uncle that you really do not want to drink. Hopefully he will support you and even have a mug of ginger ale with you while you watch the game. 
Welcome back . I'll not drink with you today.  It took me multiple tries until I even got close to this far and I'm still taking it day by day . What counts is you're back and going again . 
