-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98uufq/relapse_and_hangover/

I hope that this is really it. I've been flirting around with alcohol since I broke my 100 something day streak and finally got myself sick. Pretty sure I was hungover and having withdrawals Saturday from drinking Friday. Drank Saturday but didn't get drunk and then I drank last night and said a bunch of things to my child's father that I have been holding back and wouldn't have been able to say had I not been three beers deep. I have no tolerance at all anymore so it may not have been a lot but it was a lot and of course I went back to my old ways and added a shot to the mix. ..I can guarantee myself I won't drink for a long while but need to learn to deal with what happens when I feel good and forget the hangover and what comes with it because that's what got me here. New territory I guess...This morning I woke up with the familiar - I wanna kill myself voice that I hadn't heard in a long time. Usually comes from guilt caused by drinking. I had to make myself throw up. My mind is a mess can't think straight and I will be utterly useless at work today - just glad I made it in. ..I've been saying I'm gonna go back to listening to This Naked Mind podcast but I haven't so finally started this morning. It does help. Just gonna make it through today and NOT drink. Back to day one.  Thanks for reading if you made it this far - :( feeling like crappppp. ..I can't be a casual drinker I can't lie to myself about that. I don't wanna be a casual drinker because I AM AN ALCOHOLIC AND I BINGE DRINK LIKE A MADWOMAN. :( :( :( 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm like you and can't be a casual drinker. I can sip on a beer every now and then with friends mostly because sipping on a single beer doesn't trigger a buzz which would cause me to want more and more. Any time I get into hard liquor I'm basically doomed to keep drinking until I'm hammered because I need to keep chasing that buzz I get after I knock back the first few shots. 
This sounds so much like me. I made myself throw up this morning just so I could stomach the commute to work. I'm in my office on Reddit because I'm too sick to get any work done. A complete waste!! Totally not worth it. Day one again for me!
I relapsed last month about on and off drank for a couple of weeks. It's been hard starting day one again but thats ok because I now have 3 days behind me and that feels good. I also now know that I have to be even more careful when I listen to myself it's ok to drink.  Playing the tape forward is helpful but for me I've learned I need to actually pay attention to whats played...IWDWYT &lt;3
