-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/991qbx/pink_cloudy_lemonade/

Morning from a slightly drizzly Blighty.....This is my first post here and my twenty first day of abstinence while hiding somewhere at the back of this group hoping largely to remain unnoticed.....SD seems a hugely supportive place and thanks to anyone who has taken the time to read or respond to posts here. Although I've not been contributing I've found the dipping my toe in useful at times. Whilst lurking I've noticed a couple of recurring themes in posts from new sobernauts such a myself.....The first seems to be posts by a group who are struggling to get through the first few days. Their journey seems a bit like riding a bike   several crashes but with a strong head and grim determination many will get their balance right and hopefully not fall off again especially with SD members there as stabilisers if they wobble. ....The second group of people seem to be the polar opposite. After twenty years of drinking a bathful of gin by lunchtime they have lost 160 lbs got a new job run a marathon barefoot and are positively flying up in the  pink clouds  by day three of sobriety. Good luck to them. It sounds fun. Where can I buy a ticket?....My problem is that I don't seem to fit either these. Over the past few years I've taken part and succeeeded in the various  Dry January   Stoptober  type month or so offs. However this is how it tends to pan out for me.....Day 1   If I can just get through the evening I'll be fine...Day 2   Ditto but more tired...Days 3-5   Feel less groggy but Haribo now accounting for 4 of my 5 a day. ..Day 6   Bin the Haribo eat properly pop vitamin supplements and add a few extra strolls to my daily routine...Days 7-21   Meh. Not really craving not really feeling great not really feeling anything and struggling to concentrate particularly at work. Still sticking to it though...Days 21-28   Pick up a cold bug of man flu that I can't shake off...Day 28 or thereabouts   Get fed up with feeling lousy despite attempts at being healthy and rationalise that I may as well have a glass of wine...Days 31-237   Well you know the rest ....I've read  This Naked Mind  this time round. Although I found it a tad condescending at times and not really offering the  choice  that it claims ( sure drink that evil ethanol-laced socially destructive elephant poison if you really want to   etc)  it did help pinpoint my triggers and help me realise that I'll probably not ever manage moderation.....I feel no current desire to drink and I'm determined to carry on. However at Day 21 once more I feel something brewing and am slightly apprehensive about how things will play out.....Does this resonate with anyone else? Am I the only one still looking up wondering when on earth my lovely pink cloud will turn up? It seems like things will be so much easier if it does although I'm starting to suspect getting all six numbers and the bonus ball may come sooner.....Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Your day 28 is where I have ended many alcohol free streaks...I've had the pink cloud on a few attempts and although at the time it felt amazing I also remember it being exhausting feeling that energised and that mind numbingly positive and happy made it a dead cert that I'd give up and start drinking once the pink cloud faded and I was miserable by comparison...What I'm saying is the pink cloud isn't that great I prefer to have those not so good days because everyone has those not so good days and most don't drink it away. Those days aren't fun but they're real.
Welcome and I'm also enjoying the drizzle in the UK. My pink cloud also hasn't materialised but I have found that as time goes on my mood has stabilised and day to day I'm operating with a much more even keel. ..It's definitely better than drinking but I doubt my pink cloud will ever turn up. But that's ok - I'll take what's on offer...I was also disturbed to discover recently that Haribo is not a health food. Who knew? ..Good luck mate- I recommend staying the course. 
For me the pink cloud was associated with Freedom.  A Freedom I thought might not be possible. ..You've "stopped" for periods in the past so there's no novelty for you...My second pink cloud was letting go of my past by addressing my gaffes foibles embarrassments harms and guilt.  When I laud that baggage down at the Susie if the road AND abandoned the struggle with alcohol my second phase kicked in...I worked steps and had counseling support.  Done any of that?.
I am 18 days sober and feel meh. No pink cloud. No weight loss. No real excitement to be sober. Lots of angry feelings. I also read This Naked Mind and could take or leave it. It didn't give me the overwhelming sense I could beat this. Unlike you I have not made it to 30 days in about 20 years. 24 days has been my max between Dec and Jan of this year. I am what I would refer to as a "dry drunk" at this point. I am currently sober but haven't even begun working on the underlying issues that cause me to drink. 
Fo' shizzle the AM pizzle clizzle! Waking up clear headed and with out hangover still makes me smile for a short while each morning. I've found that my reserve energy is slowly building up too. Even if I only get 4 hours of sleep because I had some dumb dream about my stupid ex-girlfriend I can still make it through the day with some semblance of grace. ..Other than that at 15 days it has become clear to me that I'm ignoring deeper character issues while binging Netflix. I suspect I'll need some sort of counseling in order to clear up that cloudy lemonade. Then I'll work on ways to pinkify it. 
