-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/994org/long_time_lurker_checking_in_60_days_sober_and/

Hello. I've been lurking here on and off for a while and this community has been hugely inspirational and important to me even if I haven't actively participated. I've been reading almost every post and I can safely say that I could not have done this without all of you...I am coming up to 60 days sober and I just don't feel that great. The last couple of weeks I haven't had any energy at all I am sleeping too much and I have not lost any weight. This feels really disappointing - its just business as usual (or rather lack thereof) but without the wine. I know it's ridiculous but it feels UNFAIR! I want a concrete reward something to keep me motivated. Somehow the fact that I am not poisoning myself is not enough - I obviously had in mind a vision of unbridled energy that suddenly my next career move would become clear my sex drive would increase I would lose lots of weight and look amazing as well as seeing a spike in my intelligence levels. Life would be so much better than it was...Instead I am the same - a woman in my early 40s who can't come to grasp with her purpose in life. I have a long term partner but no children a career that is not going as planned having resulted in lack of confidence long term (medicated) depression and anxiety financial strain due to this not being the best I can be for my partner losing my looks my youth  ..I am just tired. Am I just being lazy? I am freelance and having a quiet period and entirely lacking in motivation to search for more work. Am I just depressed? Am I just a complete loser? What happened to life? After a decade of insomnia and existing on nowhere near enough sleep I suddenly sleep too much. ..I know I know - sobriety doesn't fix all problems. Yet here I am virtually stamping my feet because it feels so unfair and such a slog that this miraculous new me that I had hoped would materialise once I kicked the alcohol is just not here. Instead it is just the same old me - average tired ageing struggling with what I can only assume is an impending mid life crisis struggling with mental health problems as ever. Maybe the alcohol didn't make me a loser - maybe I always was one but now I am a sober loser instead?..I have found giving up alcohol surprisingly easy no real cravings - but I just feel so goddamn FLAT. Meh. Bleurgh. That is all. And I can't stop beating myself up about it yet petulantly feeling hard done by. Thank you for letting me vent!
----------immediate responses--------

I heard a speaker in AA say  I thought I deserved a pat on the back for running out of a burning building.  So true. I expected some karmic reward or at least more than *this* for not destroying my own life/health. ..FWIW based on the writing in this post alone I can tell you're not a loser. I'm your age and struggling with a lack of purpose and not feeling impassioned too. A loser wouldn't be cognizant of this existential state. At least you're not adding the cycle of chemical depression to the mix. All I can say is give it some more time for the non-loser in you to take the helm. This feeling is a short/temporary chapter in your life story. 
[removed]
It took me months to get out of my funk after I quit drinking.... like 4 months before I even started to feel better. I'd dug myself quite the hole it would take time to dig myself out. Slowly but surely I've taken on more responsibilities and challenges. I was sure to take it slow because I knew that failure would be a huge blow to my self-esteem and could derail my all my hard work. ..I've found that reading has really helped me change my attitude about drinking. [This list](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) has some great reads. I started with *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace. ..Early sobriety is **uncomfortable** but it's also temporary. Stay strong. I will not drink with you today. 
Aftet a few months into something sobriety I realised I was depressed and went on anti depressants. I feel much better now. Also I think it takes a while for the effects of alcohok on our dopamine levels to rectify after which the world starts to feel a bit brighter. Hang in there IWNDWYT 
