-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/996uja/i_did_a_thing_today_i_have_to_tell_someone/

HEADS UP: This is a lengthy read but I hope it touches you in some way...I am 675 days sober today.  I did not get here by sheer will or determination.  I was arrested for my 3rd DUI and was court mandated to wear a SCRAM device on my ankle for count them - 16 whole months.  While that is definitely a long stretch of time I still did not commit to my sobriety until about 4 months in.  It took me that damn long to realize that not only was my life *actually better* being sober but lo and behold  I was still fun to be around.  What I was NOT prepared for was the emotional turmoil that sobriety brings when you have been drinking to suppress your troubles emotions or difficult past.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Short Bio:  I am a 32yr old female youngest of 5 children with a fairly shitty background.  I attended thirteen different schools throughout my childhood being moved from family member to family member.  My father was a raging alcoholic whom I was taken away from after I broke my elbow at the age of 8 and was unable to have it fixed until 24 hours later because he could not take me to the hospital while drunk and then passed out.  I had my first cigarette at the age of 9.  I smoked my first joint at 10 years old.  I had my first drink at 11 and was also peer pressured into my first sexual experience during that year.  By 13 years of age I was smoking cigarettes and weed daily experimenting with pills LSD and mushrooms with my stepfather who also was sexually abusing me.  Honestly none of this seemed abnormal to me at the time - I just felt like I was "more mature" than my peers because I was having normal life experiences earlier than them.  I did not realize just HOW abnormal that was until I was 100% sober and able to look at my own 11 year old son and imagine his innocent self being involved or dealing with any one of those things at that same age.  Do not pity me it is what it is.  I have learned to accept that...&amp;#x200B;..Fast forward to my sobriety:  All of these repressed thoughts and feelings came out with a fucking vengeance when I became sober.  I began having crippling anxiety attacks and was diagnosed with clinical depression.  I went through months of trying different psychiatric medications at different dosages until I found a balance that seemed to help with my negative thoughts and emotions.  I still struggled with generalized anxiety and emotional outbursts.  Although sober I did not like myself in the least much less even know who I was.  I felt naked and raw having to re-learn how to handle life and my emotional/mental well-being.  Now at almost 2 years sober I am finally feeling like I have a grasp on who I am as a person.  With that came the understanding that I cannot change the past *but I can improve the future*.  I started being easier on myself and changing any negative thoughts that floated into my head to positive ones.  I began re-purposing household items as a new hobby.  I made new friends at a new less stressful job.  I let the small annoying things that my children did roll off my shoulders instead of ruin my day.   I began working diligently on a new concept that I had for a veterinary-related business (I am a veterinary technician) last year. Today I filed the paperwork to start that business.  I am still in utter disbelief that I own a company.  It was incredibly emotional...&amp;#x200B;..No everything is not perfect or even great in my life.  My bank account is currently in the negative my car is slowly approaching it's death and I still breakdown when I talk about anything to do with my past.  But that's ok.  BECAUSE *I AM OK.*  Tomorrow is a new day. And you know what?  I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Good grief woman you are a survivor and a hero!..And I hope you let us know how the business goes. So exciting!..Definitely I will not drink with you today.
I feel you on the emotions thing. Fuck I was not ready for that either! Really hard learning as an adult skills you should have learned as a child. Proud of you though! IWNDWYT
You are a fucking legend.   
Oh bless you! It is what it is but you have made such a mindblowing journey. Today you're my hero. IWNDWYT 
God bless you and thank you for your candor. ..You are an inspiration to us all. 
Thank you for sharing this is so powerful. All.Best wishes with your company IWNDWYT 
You are a warrior my friend! Onward!!! IWNDWYT 
Way to shine bright after such a hard time. You are an inspiration. Best wishes for your business and congrats on 675 days. What a rockstar! Iwndwyt :) also so great to be sober for your kids. Hugs to you
You're an inspiration! I will not drink with you today! 
Rock on my badass sober sister   
Wow congratulations! Thank you for sharing your story it sounds like you've done an amazing amount of hard but necessary work to get where you are today. All my best wishes for your new business and internet hugs for you - IWNDWYT!
This is amazing. Good for you! You should be so proud of yourself...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Wow! Takes some serious tenacity and resilience to get through that stuff! Good job!! Inspiring  ..IWNDWYT    
You guys are awesome thank you for the sweet words!..I just want to spread the love and make it clear to those lurking who have not taken a step towards sobriety that it does not matter who you are or what you've come from - you CAN do it.  And most importantly YOU ARE WORTH IT.
675 days of pure rockstar! Congratulations! IWNDWYT
It's so lovely to hear someone emerging from being dealt a crap hand in life.You are a strong person.Good for you and I wish you all the best in your businesssobriety and life.I will not drink with you today.
Your story has definitely put my own problems into perspective. You are such a strong person to get through all of that and end up on top. Absolutely incredible! 
Inspiring sister! IWNDWYT!
This made me tear up. You are a legend controlling your destiny. That's freedom. Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT.
That is awesome.
I relate to the rough childhood. I didn't go to the same school two years in a row until my senior year of high school. ..When you say not to pity you and you've learned to accept it can you expand on that? I feel the same way but it's not because of suppression or anything like that it's just that it truly doesn't bother me. Don't get me wrong things sucked big time but it's not something I feel I need to work out. Every now and again I think it's going to rear its head. 
Wow a very inspiring post! You sound like a very strong person well done on the 2 years sober x
As shitty as it is getting in trouble with the law it can sometimes make you a better person in the long run. My DUI helped get me sober and I am truly grateful for it. I could have killed somebody and gone away for a long time. I feel so lucky to have this new change in perspective. Also congrats to you for overcoming all those issues and being able to deal with them while you are new to sobriety. 
Thanks for sharing your story. Congratulations on your sobriety.
Hearts to you! IWNDWYT
You. Are. Inspiring. Holy fuck man. This is why I come here. These are the people I'm proud to stand with. You rock. IWNDWYT
Bloody brilliant Op. Good on ya!
I'm Proud of you! 
 way to go! your strength and resilience is inspiring. 
You are awesome! Hugs. 
Fuck *clap* yes *clap*
I had one drink today (second slip up after nine months sober) and your post is really something. Hit me in the feels. I am going through the same thing. I'm 30 and feel like a newborn baby sometimes. Struggle to get through the day and just basic social interactions. I know it will get better with time. Here's hoping in a year I will be celebrating my first true year sober. I will not drink with you this night.
That was an incredible read. You seriously are an example to follow. Congratulations on your business and your new outlook. 
Thank you for sharing.  I'm sorry your childhood was taken from you and proud of what you have decided to ultimately do with your life. ..IWNDWYT
You rock Sista!
Thanks for sharing this. Really. I needed it. ..You're a fucking warrior. Your bank account will recover your car will make it or you'll get another your business will workout with your work ethic. You can do this. ..Keep kicking ass and please keep us updated!!!!
Heeeelllll yeah. Go you  
Thank you so so much for sharing your story! Your words are really inspiring. I appreciate your honesty in everything you said. ..On a personal note this is exactly what I needed to read today. I've been really down on myself lately- I've got 6 months right now and the first few were pretty easy but it's getting tough lately. This was really uplifting for me right now. I won't drink with you today  
Shout out to a fellow fighter. I also had a bracelet for 11 months for alcoholic related arrests. Didn't figure it out until years later that it was my own dumb shit fault. 
Thank you so much for sharing your story. You truly are an inspiration and your outlook on life is really refreshing. I can relate to a lot of what you said from the alcoholic father to starting with drugs/alcohol/sex at an early age and even being a vet tech trying to find other opportunities in the field.  Its awesome to know that there is hope and that you are out there killing it. Keep it up and IWNDWYT! 
What can I say except... we love you and are sending our best.  Good for you.
Hugs to you!  You should be so proud.  You're a shining star.  I hope that business takes off.   Best wishes! I will not drink with you today.
This is inspiring! Thank you for sharing! 
I wasn't prepared to comment on anything tonight. I'm tired and anxietied out after a long long work day. Trying to chill and relax by reading other people's accomplishments here. ..We have very similar paths - your story inspires me and reminds me this anxiety is common. We suffered great trauma and masked it for (me) decades. Healing is gonna take a minute :) thanks for your post sister. I sleep better tonight just reading it. 
CONGRATS!!!! ..I can honestly relate to your past we coulda been sisters. I am so happy that you have fought through fire &amp; ice to hell &amp; back to to where you are today. You deserve your happiness and your business!! I am sooooo proud of you (I know kinda weird because I am a stranger but still true none the less). I still struggle too with my past new coping mechanism work for a while haven't found one  to stick quite as well as I hoped but I will find something eventually. I am inspired by how far you have come and your positive attitude. I really do admire it and it gives me hope that I can be like that too one day. ....[HIGHEST OF FIVES](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Wow! I wish you luck &lt;3
Wow. what an inspiration. You are a hero.
What a great post! Thank you so much...IWNDWYT.
This is amazing. You are such a fucking badass and an inspiration. And may I also say that this is extremely well written. It reads like the redemption story of a legendary person in the making and I. am. here. for. it. ..Today I am honored to not drink with you. Boom. 
Fan-fucking-tastic
&gt;Fast forward to my sobriety: All of these repressed thoughts and feelings came out with a fucking vengeance when I became sober. I began having crippling anxiety attacks and was diagnosed with clinical depression. I went through months of trying different psychiatric medications at different dosages until I found a balance that seemed to help with my negative thoughts and emotions. I still struggled with generalized anxiety and emotional outbursts. Although sober I did not like myself in the least much less even know who I was. I felt naked and raw having to re-learn how to handle life and my emotional/mental well-being...Preach: this is painful doing the same.
Amazing you should be very proud of yourself...&amp;#x200B;..PS  I started my business in the negative too.  But after time persistence and a few good contacts it has grown.  If I had not been drinking during the same time I am sure it would be in much better shape so you are starting with an advantage. 
I actually bawled reading this big ugly retching sobs. All that dealing with stuff is in my immediate future and it's terrifying. So proud of how far you've come that may sound trite but it's definitely not meant to. Thank you for posting 
Yay so substituting alcohol for far creepier brain chemistry altering drugs. How brave.
This! Vystriss.  You post is going in my "save" folder.  I love the honesty and the balanced tone.   "I cannot change the past but I can improve the future."  My heart is filled by the amazing work you have done. Thank you. And may your business succeed beyond your wildest dreams.  IWNDWYT!
This is an amazing post and makes me feeel better about my own sobriety. If you don't know already SCORE.org and your local Small Business Development Center have tons of free resources and mentoring for small business owners. 
That's awesome. I am also playing with the idea of starting a business so it's great and inspirational to see a fellow in recovery who has done it already
Wow....A true life superwoman!! Congratulations. IWNDWYT
"Yesterday's a cancelled check tomorrow is just a promise"...All we have is the "now". If you're not drinking now you are on the right path. Everything else is just details...IWNDWYT
Boom. Thank you for sharing! 
That's quite a journey. Keep rocking it!
Thank you for sharing...Keep on improving yourself one day at a time!  You know you are doing something right when somebody who has never met you let alone seen you can feel pride for your accomplishments!  You had a big hole to climb out of you still may not be out of it but you are getting there.  Well done. :)
Wow! That's wonderful about your veterinary-related business.  Congratulations.  Way to believe in the true you! I suffered my whole life from anxiety and depression.  Alcohol would only numb it out for a little while. I completely understand all the emotions you describe and also the feeling of learning how to handle life.  What a scary awakening like finding yourself over a raging river balancing on a single board that stretches to a fog filled side you can not see.  I won't drink with you today.  Let's find out what wonders the fog holds for us.  
The best post I've ever read here. You are so strong. Congrats
So proud of you! \*hugs\*  IWNDWYT
I'm a veterinary technician and your story speaks volumes to me. I'm in transition with work and am struggling to convince myself that I need a break from general practice and the drama that comes with it. Thank you for sharing and IWNDWYT
