-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99dr4r/i_want_to_change_my_relationship_with_alcohol/

Its my first time posting here so please be nice. I feel like I'm on the cusp of an alcohol problem and I want to change that. My main concern at the moment is my liver and I am worried that I have developed some problems in that area...I'm 23 and have been drinking fairly heavily since I was 18 mostly beer I don't really drink wine or spirits. The first issues I have encountered from my drinking would have been about three years ago when after a heavy night of drinking and cocaine I developed a strong cramping sensation in my upper right abdomen area - I couldn't eat anything or take a shite for over a week. Over the next while I noticed this cramping sensation would come and go some times when I drank and other times I would be fine. I got into a bad habit of drinking maybe 3 or 4 pints of beer most nights for several months - I have stomach issues anyway and having a scope down showed that I have a hiatus hernia and my doctor believed that my drinking and love of spicy food were the culprit of my pain - blood tests showed that my liver was fine...Recently the pain has began to be alot more frequent I'll admit my diet has been poor and combined with the beer I've piled on alot of weight. I have been struggling with constipation after drinking for a while and more blood tests have shown that my liver appears to be fine but after an ultrasound my doctor said that my liver could look better". Today I have decided that it is the day to have a more responsible attitude to drinking and I want to quit for a few weeks - I have managed to just drink two beers when I'm out and have enjoyed it more than drinking eight or nine. I can defeat that urge to "have just one more...and one more and one more" when I really want to so I believe that thankfully I'm not too far gone in having an issue with drinking but I know that I am close to seriously hurting myself...The cramping and constipation have been getting worse so I now plan to cut down on my drinking but not quit entirely. How have other people managed to moderate their drinking and how? Ideally I'd like to get to a stage where I would drink twice or at most three a month and only have three or four beers - right now I want to look after myself more and lose some weight.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like your issues are medical and the doctor is the only one with advice for you. ..I can talk to your description of you drinking and how you are currently "controlling" your drinking and overcoming the craving to have one more and one more. ..See an alcoholic cannot overcome that craving they just have one more. There are different theories on if we drink ourselves into alcoholism or we are born with it in our DNA. the fact that it runs in families and having alcoholic children from an alcoholic is highly likely I say it's in our DNA. What your describing here is the craving you get after having a drink. I use to be able to control that craving too I crossed a line somewhere along the way where it became stronger than my willpower. Now people dont really consider you an alcoholic till you cross that line but I dont think normal drinkers get that craving you described. That why I think I was always an alcoholic. I had that same craving just got stronger over time. ..
I don't know if I can moderate my drinking I'm mr one more also I had to quit before I did something to fuck my entire life over best of luck I'm not sure how I'd advise :/ sorry
I would like to get to a stage where moderation works too. After many failed plans and strategies I eventually had to accept that it's just not possible. What the vast majority of normal people can do with alcohol is not something I can do. So the answer is no alcohol at all. Boo. But yay sobriety!..Beer--or any alcohol--never stopped me up. Usually made things rather soft. Hope you and your doctor can figure out what's going on there. Good luck on your journey and welcome.
Hope that things improve for you...For me abstinence was way easier than moderation.....
You can keep searching this sub but I've yet to see one post where moderation went well unless it was only going well for a while before the decline again. Alcohol is a drug and the reason moderation just doesn't seem to work for mostly everyone here is because the alcohol is constantly messing with your brain and creating a desire for itself...I'd really love to only be able to drink 2-3 times a month and limit myself to only 2-3 drinks - but that's not possible for me when I'm honest with myself. Maybe for a few times but I would slip up eventually...Will power is finite and making a ton of little decisions (will I drink tonight? How much will I drink? Should I stop drinking now? How about now?) takes just as much effort as one big decision (will I drink tonight? No)
I found not drinking alcohol helps keep my alcohol intake down AND curbs my desire for it.
