-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99iwmu/thoughts_on_another_first_day_sober_long/

Sorry if this becomes senseless I'm just been wanting to dump some thoughts onto paper in the hopes that it helps.  Thought this would be a good place to do it so I can share...I'm on yet another first day sober  I've probably said this before but I think this time I might take it seriously and I genuinely hope it sticks.  That being said I know my brain is going to play games with me and I just hope I don't falter to another moment of weekness.  This disease is going to kill me someday if I can't stop drinking...I'm super emotional right now.  Happy to be sober.  Scared of the future.  Ashamed of my past actions.  I just can't believe I've let it get to this point.  I know what I'm doing is killing me and I need to stop but it's like I have some stupid compulsion to keep drinking.  If I don't stop I'm really concerned I'm going to die...I consider myself a functional alcoholic and I was doing pretty well recently.  I had about a month sober after a bit of a bender last October.   I relapsed after about a month but managed moderating pretty well for a while.  Had a few bad nights here and there but didn't let it affect my job family or friends too much...As usually happens though this didn't last forever and things started trending upwards.  I went from a few beers on the weekends to a few beers every night.  Then a few beers every night to binging on the weekends.  Eventually I found myself drinking at work again.  I would justify it by being sneaky and only doing it at lunch so noone could tell and food would mask the smell.  ..Until two weeks ago this seemed to be going pretty well. Then I went on a bit of a bender.  I got hammered Friday Saturday and Sunday and somehow convinced myself I was going to be able to make it to work on Monday.  Well come Monday I'm of course way too hungover and starting to go through withdrawal so I call in.  Tell myself I'll just drink a bit today to work through withdrawels and be back at work on Tuesday.  Instead I got hammered again.  I woke up on Tuesday and miraculously had a moment of clarity.  I knew I needed to stop and that it wasn't going to be easy.  I set a strict taper schedule and waited for hell to begin...And hell it was.  I called in for the entire week of work.  The shaking sweating staring at the clock just waiting for my next drink.  Then when the time comes not even being able to keep the drink down.  The anxiety was indescribable. I was terrified I would sieze up at any moment and die. It was a truly an experience I would wish on noone.  But I somehow made it.  I had one beer last night and hopefully it will be my last ever...So here I am my first day sober.  I feel okay a bit anxious here and there and I've only slept a few cummulative hours the past 3 nights.  But I'm on my way  I have to do this...If you read this thank you.  I'm not sure what I hope to accomplish  I just wanted to put it out there.  I'm crying right now as I'm finishing this. Not sure if it's from sadness or happiness.  All I know is one thing.  I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Does your employer have an Employee Assistance Plan? (EAP)   ...I ask this because one needs all the support they can get and if you are having a hard time--for as good as this sub is the well intending and kind folks here can only help so much.  ...Hang in there you're in my thoughts. 
You can do it! I hate when I feel like that. My anxious thoughts are also horrible! So I can relate. Keep your head up! Crying also helps...at least for me it does. I've cried like three times today talking to my family. There are some wonderful caring people here that we can turn to for help. And it does help and you will help others by being courageous enough to tell your story. I love that bob Marley song. Three little birds.  Cause every little thing gonna be alright'
It takes a strong person to do what you did.  Not many of us could have done that.  Things will get better moving forward.  Sleep will return in a few days.  Eating well and staying hydrated is important...I'm sure you've seen the recommended *This Naked Mind* book and podcasts.  They are very helpful...Check in here often and keep us posted...Take care and IWNDWYT.
The good news is you never have to go through that again. I can relate to so much of what you said here. I went to AA and started working the program and the desire to drink has left me. Don't give up and remember we are here for you.
