-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99jto5/tifu_really_really_fucked_up/

32 days of complete sobriety. Serene peacefulness in my sober state. One night I decided one glass of wine would be nice. One glass led to two which led to ten shots. The numbers don't matter I relapsed. The real fuck up comes next. On the fifth day of my bender that came after my relapse I had class to attend. I attended class in a completely fucked up state. I don't even remember what happened in the class for the most part but I do remember my group members (which had been assigned for the day) laughing at me and making jokes at my expense for being so fucked up. I also remember speaking incoherently to the teacher.  I don't remember what I wrote on the worksheet I turned in. I am in some deep shit and I skipped class today because of it. I am going to get sober again but I am extremely depressed after what I did and I don't know how to fix it. Ahhhhhhhh. Help 
----------immediate responses--------

Very simple...do not drink anymore and don't skip anymore classes.   It's not as bad as it feels.  This moment will pass and you will be happy that you are sober again.  IWNDWYT  Hugs!
I feel you on being drunk in the wrong places. I posted nudes once on snap chat and my phone was dead and the charger was broke so I didn't have time to delete it so everyone saw it. When I finally turned on my phone with a new charger I got like 100 people answering me like  I have kids??  And  what the fuck  it was SO mortifying. I think about that moment every time I'm about to drink. What I'm saying is try to make that the last time you ever do that to class or any event you are at. Be the strong and sober one. You got this. IWNDWYT! :) 
You did 32 days and remember how good that was. It's likely what happened isn't as bad as what you think. If you are really serious about stopping why not see if school has counseling? This would demonstrate good faith too...I did stuff that left me mortified too. I got through the aftermath and so can you chin up! 
All you can do is show them who you really are with your actions. If they give you shit just take it on the chin and do your best. I know the shame and humiliation is incredibly painful but it will pass. You can get through this. x
Like everything else in sobriety it's acceptance and honesty that get you through. You did it can't change the past accept it. Be honest with these guys and you might be surprised. School and early sobriety can be a challenge I've been through it. Sobriety first the rest will fall into place.
[removed]
I'll update on Monday what happens. That's when my next class is that I showed up drunk as hell for 
