-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99ljx2/my_life_is_out_of_control_just_need_to_vent/

I am 32/F. Been alcoholic about 3-4 years now. My dad is too but with 15 years sobriety now. I took a dead end job last year just to escape my very toxic previous boss. Well that job laid me off a few weeks ago so now I'm just bumming around at home with no structure or schedule while my husband who actually has his shit together goes to work every day. I'm trying to apply for jobs but it's difficult because I just relapsed so of course I'm wasted all the time now. It feels extremely pathetic and shameful to say that. I did have 81 days of sobriety after an inpatient detox in May and then IOP and AA meetings which I consistently attended. I relapsed the night before my last day of work. I thought I had this under control. Like really after I got out of inpatient I felt so fucking done with alcohol like genuinely. But here I am again. This is a prison. My anxiety is up the wall and I'm pretty sure that Sunday I had real DT's for the first time because kindling effect. Monday I had a job interview after a night of waking up in cold sweats and really awful dreams involving guys from IOP. They were overdosing on my bed and shooting guns at my ceiling. Last night I was in bed just crying to my husband. He's doing the best he can for me offering support love and advice. What else can he do. I just started reading This Naked Mind. This afternoon I have a doctor's appointment for my upcoming septoplasty and I don't even know how I'm going to handle the whole thing. It's 4 in the morning right now and I'm just pacing around my apartment...Sorry to post yet another depressing thread on here...Ugh this is fucked up. I appreciate you hearing me out.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Lovely - glad to see ya...&gt;I did have 81 days of sobriety after an inpatient detox in May and then IOP and AA meetings which I consistently attended...Are you still attending IOP and AA?..You had 81 days and had a great plan - you can do it again!..I went to detox once in 2015 relapsed...because I *didn't follow the plan* after I was discharged...Drank again for a whole year...I picked myself back up and went back to detox in 2016 - it stuck - because I *followed the plan*....Meetings counseling medical guidance nutrition new hobbies sober network dry people / dry places SD DIR etc.....It's not about how many times we fall down; it's how many times we *pick ourselves back up* that matters ;).
Try not to be so hard on yourself over this yes it's a failure but failing means you're trying which is better than doing nothing at all! It's good you have a supportive husband around having a person in your life that is positive helps...I'm realizing that a big part of when we slip up is guilt and being overly hard on ourselves which is kind of good in that it motivates us but we put too much pressure on ourselves and feel way worse than we should. ..As for the physical symptoms.. have you considered going to the doctor? I've heard of being prescribed medicine like anabuse and naltrexone that are supposed to block certain affects of alcohol to the brain. ..Good luck on the job search try and not beat yourself up you're progressing and your sobriety (81 days) is a accomplishment you should be proud of! You haven't given up so keep on going! Every day is an opportunity to be a better person than we were the day before. I hope the best for you on your journey and if you so choose IWNDWYT. 
I appreciate the response Lee..Done with IOP because I completed the first half of the program then never got confirmation about insurance coverage about the second part so I stopped going..I haven't been to AA since I relapsed because I'm so embarrassed and ashamed. My 2 month chip is still in my wallet... I've been really agorophobic lately. Like going outside is terrifying right now because I'm so anxious and sad..I guess I should hit up a meeting. Should do better today than the past few weeks have been..Thank you again for the tips.
[removed]
Hi there!..I remember feeling like I was losing my mind. Sometimes I still have little waves of that. Mostly though each day gets a little easier. Focus on taking care of yourself mind body spirit. I know it sounds preachy but each day will get easier and before you know it you will also  have your shit together . It's like anything elsepractice practicepractice. I've been working on trusting others and self confidence since my sobriety. I just stay at it and some days just suck. Hang in there you have support here...IWDWYT..Also: Brains are fickle and emotions are crazy early on. Practice recognizing when you are experiencing a strong irrational emotion and say to yourself  I don't have to act on this feeling it will pass . It always does...
Hi Lovely I'm right there with you. I did inpatient in the spring made it six weeks. I'm on my day one again. Brene Brown says that shame = I am a mistake Guilt = I made a mistake. You are a worthwhile human who is trying. My anxiety is crazy too. It really does suck but we can do this.  
Download the big book and read the last paragraph on page 164.
Step 1 - Admitted we were powerless over alcohol and our lives had become unmanageable. ..Seems to me that you are ready to make that admission which is great IMHO because admission is the first step to getting better. ..If you are ready I seriously suggest you try AA. Unlike the inpatient or outpatient programs I participated and failed in (and I see from other comments that others did as well and also failed) AA is different because it has a structure and because everyone is an alcoholic. ..I went to a bunch of therapies where the 'leader' wasn't an alcoholic. We'd sit in a circle and discuss whatever that day's topic was but no one was willing to be really honest the way I've found people in AA are. And since there was no program it was like a book club; one thing this week another the next. ..What I found great about AA was the program of admission analysis alteration amends and attitude adjustment (there's 6 A's!) was a cycle you could benefit from repeatedly. As I've done the steps repeatedly over the last five years I realized each time I learned something new about myself. I'm a much nicer and better person now than I was after I stopped drinking...There's no sign up form no monthly dues. If you go in you can leave at any time. If you can find the time I hope you can go; it just might save your life because I know for sure it saved mine. 
Hey there.  Looking for work is stressful and has a way of making one feel inadequate in my experience.  Just know that everyone goes through some tough times when it comes to looking for work and being unemployed. That said it can be useful to have some time to focus internally during early recovery.  ..It sounds like you have some good support in your life.  You could take this opportunity of not working to establish a routine that will help you sustain sobriety.  ..You can do this! We're here for you.
This is nothing to be ashamed of. You now have the tools to get sober again. You know how it is done. There are many triggers to relapse and you just experienced one of them. Learn from it...Also ask for a referral to a doctor who works with alcoholics. They will be up on the lates medical support for someone trying to be sober. Stay strong this was a trip and skin you knee kind of fall It isn't fatal. 
When I'm facing insurmountable odds I talk to God about it. With His help I can do anything.
There's still hope!  I am also 32 and sometimes have waves of distorted thought feeling like I've fucked it all up and life is over.  The truth though... which you will start to get little glimpses off further into sobriety... is that 32 is a fine time to start over.  There is a whole world of recovery and healing to be discovered. 
Hey there. Im right here with you on day one!   Also feel like I'm stuck in a prison of my own shitty choices.   That's ok.  Make a better choice today and let that prison fade away!  We are better than we are giving ourselves credit for!!  You are a fantastic woman who is striving to improve yourself.  Never forget that. 
I remember a similar situation. I was drunk got laid off both jobs couldn't even support myself no prospects and felt like my ship had sailed. I was considering just ending it all.  That's when I found God.  Not the typical long beard dude in the sky but I felt a "power greater than me" (borrowing from AA which I didn't know existed at the time) that would guide me and had my best interests. Not a person just love. I quit drinking. At first I volunteered to pad the resume and get myself into good discipline. Then took a lowly job for a couple years before I landed something better.  I wish I'd stayed sober but that's the power of alcohol... That was years ago. ..Since I've reconnected with that higher power joined AA because the wisdom in meetings and the community of others who understand is priceless and now am happy with a job that can pay the bills...More importantly peace. I've still got a loooot of work to do but thank you for posting and reminding me of my own journey.  I wish you the best and that you are open to find and desire enough to follow through the help you need. .."If it wasn't for my pain I wouldn't know my strength.If it wasn't for my future I wouldn't be fighting here today..And of course I know my way up because I fell the same way down.What matters is what you do when trouble comes around".-Flipsyde...I'll be looking for that happier post from you in a few years   iwndwyt!
