-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99prot/depressed_suicidal_feelings_are_returning/

Feeling very worthless as though my life is one big struggle. .Self loathing and feeling sorry for myself..The big question is: why do I always have to struggle and fight on a daily basis? .Resist urges remind myself why I am staying sober constantly checking my mental health. .I want one day where I can feel care free and safe. ..I sound like a moany brat. I know. ..Rant over. 
----------immediate responses--------

my experience is that life gets easier and better as we get and stay sober - and grow in recovery...this is not to say that additional professional help may not be required but it has a much better chance of working if it is done while sober...stay close - expand your networks and breathe.
For me it got better. By the end of the first year my obsession with alcohol and alcoholism was reduced significantly if not eliminated. I credit being involved with a recovery program and working the steps in AA.  Once I worked the steps like my life depended on it I found a lot of relief. ..Don't be afraid to discuss it with a doctor in case you are dealing with a level of depression that requires medication. ..IWNDWYT 
Therapy? Meds? Supplements? exercise? ..I know my depression had me in my room 80% of the day only leaving to work get more to drink and pee. Fuck eating. Fucking being social. Fuck showering. Fuck it all. ..I struggle when I am slacking on doing things I know that are good for me and will make me happy (happier? happyish?). Problem I find is sometimes I know I am in this funk but I just don't have the gdmn energy to get out of my bed. ..I just can't. Whats the point? Or even the thought of it is mentally &amp; physically exhausting. Kinda going through that today a bit not as bad as other days tho. Sooooo today I popped into the chatroom on here and that helped. I am about to watch some funny video (news bloopers have been making me crack up recently as well as JustForLaugh Gags and Dry Bar Comedy) annnnnnddddd when all else fails me I muster up as much as I can and go outside. .Just the sun and fresh air honestly help me tremendously. IDK why and IDC to know I just know that it does. ..I can't keep sleeping my life away when I am depressed I can't keep wasting my life.... get sober to be depressed? Still in a sloth boat &gt; . &lt; I am looking for a better job to hopefully get some medical insurance so I can get back to a therapist and perhaps medication if its needed. I am tired of fighting super hard some days and others I can rule the world. I need some consistency. Anyway until then I will keep trudging. ..I hope somewhere in that babble something helped you. You are def not alone and there are options and I understand how hard it is sometimes to even pick up the phone much less get on and function. Hope you feel better soon ElusiveOne you're worth it....[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
[removed]
I believe that you can find that for yourself but we would like to assure you that we can't find it by giving up and drinking.  I know you've put in a lot of energy so far- older folks who've been around the block know this process is easier and manageable sober.  Big Love E.  **What you are seeking is also seeking you.** hold strong seek and you will find your comfortable life in everyday things   
Depression and drinking have long been closely linked for me. I think realizing that they were two separate but related things -- that one wasn't just a consequence of the other -- was an important step for me. I wasn't just drinking because I was depressed and I wasn't just depressed because I was drinking. Quitting drinking was \*one of many things\* I had to do to start to get out in front of my mental health issues and addressing my depression head-on was \*one of the many things I had to do to\* if I was going to remain sober.
