-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99rc1j/is_it_actually_possible_to_quit_drinking_for_25/

My mom has been sober for 25 years. She left when I was 3 and the story was always  she's a drug addict and an alcoholic.  This is all I've ever known her to be - an addict. I wasn't around during her addiction so I don't know the severity but I'd imagine if it was bad enough to abandon your children it's pretty bad...Fast forward to a few days ago when my mom calls and tells me she's not sober anymore. She says she didn't relapse she just decided she's not an alcoholic and doesn't think she ever was. She said when she was speaking to her sponsees she realized she didn't identify with them and started doubting that she was an alcoholic. She thinks she can just have a drink now and then...Obviously this made me pretty upset. My whole narrative for her was  your mom is an addict.  I'm not really sure how to cope with this new  not sober but not an addict  mom. ..Is it *really* possible to go back to normal drinking behaviors after so long? I'm worried about her and don't know how to act when she wants to talk about drinking. I appreciate her honesty but the thought of her drinking again makes me feel pretty shitty. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd hazard a guess that the odds aren't stacked in her favour.....'Alcoholic' isn't a binary Yes/No Us-vs-Them thing anyway that's just a convenient excuse... Alcohol is an addictive drug and if she has addictive tendencies drinking any amount of it is likely to be a risky strategy.....It's her choice to make though and you might benefit from talking to the folks at r/alanon or r/adultchildren and maybe have a read of the [Laundry List](https://adultchildren.org/literature/laundry-list/) from ACoA... Don't suffer in silence talk to folks who understand what it's like to be affected by someone else's drinking!..Best wishes to you both ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[removed]
It seems odd to start drinking again because you no longer identify with sober people. ..Alcohol is a highly addictive chemical. I don't think it's a conversation about labels; it's a conversation about chemistry. ..I am cynical. I think there's an alcoholic in every one of us: by which I mean that we all have the potential to light that flame. ..This feels like a case where words like  normal  and  alcoholic  are secondary to biology and chemistry. Consequently I think it's very dangerous to become distracted by what we call a thing whilst taking actions which are potentially catastrophic. ..I suppose it might be possible to change your relationship to alcohol in a safe way; but with a very strong sense of self awareness. 
I know a ton of people who have "forgotten" they are alcoholics over the years....  they go back out try drinking in a controlled way and MOST of the time they are back in the recovery rooms with new war stories within a year...&amp;#x200B;
Sure!  It is INDEED possible...I hope to meet someone who has successfully done so before I die!
It is not possible for an alcoholic to ever safely drink. Period. 
That's hard I'm sorry. I think your upset feelings make perfect sense and that it would be more than fair to say something like "I'm sorry but talking about your drinking brings up too many painful associations for me" or something. You have the right to not feel great around the topic of alcohol and your mom separate from whatever she decides her relationship is with it.
there is a story from the AA big book where a guy was a big drinker and it was affecting his work and family life. so he quit. for 25 years or so he was sober and worked in a successful career nice home life. he retired and decided to resume drinking. in 6 months he was dead. its a cunning disease baffling and most of all patient. very very patient.
I guess it's remotely possible but not likely...To me it would be like someone who quit smoking cigarettes for 25 years and then decided to resume smoking on an "occasional" basis.  I just don't think it would work out very well.  Both alcohol and nicotine can be highly addictive.
