-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99vmkb/im_so_sad_lost_another_friend_today/

I have 18 months sober today and I found out my friend died. I found out through Facebook. Another addict. Her baby is turning one this year. I've probably lost one friend a month since I started trying to get sober 3 years ago but this is maybe the 4th one that's actually hit me this hard and I don't know why. I know this happens. I know I couldn't have single handedly saved her. But I could have called. She said she was struggling and I didn't help. I had a new job I was busy. She wanted to get coffee I said ill hit you up soon but I didn't. We tagged each other in memes on fb and she teased me for buying Fall Out Boy tickets literally two days ago. Saying that was the only area where we weren't twins. I let myself believe she was fine. I didn't follow through. ..I can't stop crying. I wish this wasn't real. I don't necessarily want to drink but I don't know what to do. I don't even know why I'm posting. I'm so fucking sick of losing friends. I don't know what else to do I'm just so sad. I hate this shit. I hate this disease. I don't know what to do. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not your fault. I'm so sorry. This disease is horrific and deadly. It's not your fault love. Please be gentle with yourself you are already grieving you don't need to blame yourself too. I'm sending you love and support. Hang on tight and don't make yourself go through this alone. 
Hugs. Stay strong. IWNDWYT.
I'm so sorry. I can read the pain in your words. It's palpable. You are not to blame. No matter what your last interaction was you would still feel regret. It's the nature of grief and loss. Just hang on to your sobriety. I will not drink with you today.  
Oh but you do know what to do! 3 times you typed  I don't know what to do.  You don't drink about this or anything else. NOTHING can make us drink. WE control that now. That's all you have to do Mr. 18 MONTHS SOBER!!! What we are doing is not easy. But it's not impossible either. **IWNDWYT!!!**
So sorry for your loss.  Please don't blame yourself for any of this.  Hang on in there and remain strong for yourself.  Sending love and best wishes IWNDWYT
Sorry to hear this I hope you pull through this without drinking I know from experience when I lost a family member I turned to drinking again with only planning to for 1 night then I found myself in a deep hole of depression the drink only made it way worse which had me in dark thoughts of my own wellbeing. I pray that your friend is in heaven and in a safe place looking over you and her baby. I will not drink with you today. (hugs). Keep strong! Your friend will want you to keep on the sober road.
The pain coming through in your post brought tears to my eyes. I'm so sorry. 
Oh this is heartbreaking. I think it is smart to come on here and post what you are going through. Be gentle on yourself and stay strong. Iwndwyt
I'm so incredibly sorry. Addiction is a senseless wrecking ball that just takes out great people and the ones who knew them and loved them are left to make sense of it all. .It's absolutely devastating and that's ok. Nothing will make it better right now however a few things can make it suck less. I'm about 2 weeks ahead of you walking a really similar road and here's what I've leaned - from the great people at SD and my family/friends...1) This isn't on you. There is no magical combination of words and efforts and ideas that can empower someone else to decide to get sober. I wish so damn badly there was because more of my friends would be alive. We can't make that choice for other people. We can love them and reasonably support them - while also keeping healthy boundaries for ourselves living our lives and protecting our sobriety...2) Grieve this loss feel everything and care for yourself. It's ok to not know what to do. Do what feels right. However also protect your 18 months. If it's a triggering situation be aware. ..3) At some point her daughter may want to know all the wonderful stories and great characteristics about her mother that only you know. If there's an opportunity to share those and write out those memories it can be tremendously healing. ..So very damn sorry IWNDWYT 
