-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99xij0/my_number_of_days_not_drinking_pisses_me_off/

Wonder if anyone else feels like this. On one hand I see the 25 days on my badge and the progress made as this great thing I'm doing and I still marvel at how I feel and how easy (so far) this has been. ..But at the same time it pisses me off because it really highlights the fucking LIFETIME I gave to booze. In my mind I'm now a non-drinker. Not even thinking about it. No struggles. Optimistic outlook. But that 25 days just looks like nothing relative to the time I lied to myself about my issue with drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's humbling. It saddens and angers me. But then it also steels my resolve to stay the course. ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to this post.  IWNDWYT 
It is humbling.  Sometimes it feels like I have been on this path forever.  But I look at that and I don't get complacent because it is only a small fraction of the time I spent using booze to function.  Maybe when the time is a 50/50 split I will start to relax but that is just a ways down the road still.
Yup. I find it helpful to measure progress in more ways than just that number though. It makes me realize that I'm improving my life in a lot of ways and that I was even doing so before I actually decided to stop drinking. ..You have probably done good things in your life even while you were drinking. And good for you for using it to motivate yourself. 
I can relate to this as well.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Some days I think "Wow!  25 days!  I'm doing awesome."..Other days I think "You've only been sober 74 days.  You've got a long ways to go."..&amp;#x200B;..It's all about perspective.  ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I'm like the most pessimistic person on earth but for some reason my badge always makes me smile.  
[removed]
So many realizations about life surface when we quit for a while many of them disappointing. The good news is we're stopping the cycle but I can relate to your feeling. 
Yep. If you get a badge and then continue drinking it is amazing how fast it can get to 100. If you quit each day comes so slowly - especially in the beginning.
I feel you on this so much. I am so pissed and disappointed in myself for not stopping sooner. It would have saved a lot of heartache that my wife and I have both gone through over the years. Her more so than me and I feel like shit sometimes because of it. I have that same feeling that I am a non-drinker as well but it is showing everyone around me that is the absolute truth now. IWNDWYT
I can feel like that sometimes too. When I am kicking myself for all the ways alcohol diminished my life and the things lost that can not be recovered but then I have to tell myself -Better late than never and go forward. Best wishes. Iwndwyt
For me the time I spent drinking is a constant reminder of "I missed out x amount of time".  And it hurts it upsets me I won't lie.  But it's also a "I will never EVER allow myself to miss out on the time I have left".  IWNDWYT   \*hugs\* 
&gt; It's humbling...Being humbled is quite often the jumping off point for change. 
I didn't feel good about my badge until I passed the number where I failed before.  It was hard to even restart after losing 60.  But now I'm at almost twice that...Try to think of this time as a first step in the right direction.  It will add up faster than you realize.
I relate as well. 3 decades of my life wasted. Just wasted on so many levels. Looking down the barrel at 50 now in September. Nothing more to do than live and put one foot on front of the other. But yeah I go back and forth with hating on myself for time wasted and grateful for the present moment. 
 We will not regret the past or wish to shut the door on it. We will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us   
I would waffle back and forth between being elated that I was getting sober and sad over thinking about all the time wasted. Sometime about 3-6 months after giving up drinking I stopped even thinking about the wasted time and now am just thankful I'm sober.
If I feel great today because I've been sober for [badge number] days that's a feeling I was missing out on all those days I woke up hung over and feeling like a sack of garbage. ..So glass half full basically. ..(Water. It's a glass of water.)
IM 25 DAYS TOO!!.Yes I agree. I no longer open to fridge to see "how many" beers are left and are calculating how long they'd last me.. :)
IWNDWYT
Just gotta day the serenity prayer and move on. 
Have faith Someday you will have a number like mine that leaves a tail drag in the mud.   Before that you will eclipse the days spent drunk that's a good one....Congratulations on 25. That's big...
Let me first say I cherish my badge. It saved me a few times the first few months. However I can relate to what you're saying. I feel like the last 120 days has been a lifetime but it's really no time at all. I can see how the days just melded together when I was drinking. Now they are quite distinct. I've been starting to talk to friends that I lost months ago again and they asked why I hadn't reached out. One reason is that 4 months just doesn't seem like that long. I feel like I want some magic number to show everyone and say "see I'm x days sober. I'm fine now." Not fine to go back to drinking but to prove that I'm steady at the sober thing. I'm proud of 120 days and it's come faster than I could have ever imagined. So I'll just keep taking it day by day and let that number rise. One day I'll hit a year then 4 digits and beyond. IWNDWYT
I wasted six years of my life self medicating with alcohol. It all finally clicked. I'm proud of my 27 days and everyone around me is proud. It's hard to think of all the damage I did for six years but the thought also makes me proud of my decision.  IWNDWYT. 
I drank like a fish for 30 years and sobered up at the age of 51.  ..After a while I stopped regretting all the time I wasted. It's done. There's nothing I can do about it so to hell with the rear-view mirror let's focus on the road ahead.  ..Okay so you are 25 days into a new life. Eventually you're going to pile up months then years of sobriety. I promise you that the *quality* of those months and years is going to make up for the *quantity* of time spent drinking. More than make up for it.  ..I do more shit in a week than I used to do in a year. I go to concerts read books watch movies and remember them hang out with friends make new friends work out go for rides on my motorcycle cook....just a ton of stuff. Sometimes Monday morning rolls around and I look at the time and Friday afternoon seems like a month ago. Back when I was drinking the weekend would be gone in a flash and I didn't do a damned thing but drink and sleep.  ..The other thing I would recommend is not to focus so much on the badge. Some of us have more time sober than others but as I once heard "It doesn't matter who's furthest down the highway we're all the same distance from the ditch." So I wouldn't compare that badge number to other SD members or to your own time in the mud puddle. It's a nice little metric for your own use but holding it up to anyone or anything else will serve no useful purpose. Comparison is the thief of joy.  ..The other thing I would like to remind you is that "Time takes time". There's no shortcut to ramping up that number it's a grind that's for certain. So make those days mean something.  ..Another concept I heard on Reddit is "no more zero days" meaning "do something anything today that will make tomorrow better". That's some good advice. When you're a recovering alcoholic like me who pissed away 30 years that means that I have to double-down and push hard to build up what's remaining of my life.  ..I can't get back a single day of those 30 years. But I can promise you I have no intention of wasting the next 30. I plan on making the most of every single day and so far it's working out pretty well. I am having a blast and my regrets about yesterday are stomped out by my plans for tomorrow.
Everyone of us with a bigger number has still gotten here by being where you are right now.  I feel good about my three years.  But I got let go from my job this afternoon very suddenly and with no warning.  And the person I wanted a hug from IMMEDIATELY is my good friend across the hall with 17 years of sobriety.  I needed her inspiration to keep me strong.  Keep moving forward without that burden you were carrying life is a lot lighter this way!  IWNDWYT 
Anger's not the best emotion but it can be a tool. Use it wisely and let it go or you'll end up like me
I love counting days. It's such a feeling of accomplishment. No sense sitting in the past dwelling on time lost you're just doubling wasted time. Only look forward to accomplishing another day. Much love!      
