-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99ygai/whats_everyone_doing_tonight/

Happy Friday everyone...In my early days Friday was probably the most difficult day for me.  I'd get home from school and work and I usually didn't have my daughter.  It would be prime drinking time.  I didn't have my daughter didn't have to work in the morning and I'd be able to get away with drinking without anyone knowing (but that was never really an issue because I really didn't give a fuck)...One Friday I had a microbio exam and I bombed it.  And I knew I could go either way.  I could decide to get drunk and say fuck it or I could decide to use it as reflective tool and do better on my next exam. ..I made it through those early Friday nights by studying Bob's Burgers on Netflix and Ben and Jerries ice cream.  ..If you're struggling that's ok.  Don't worry about if you're going to drink at that Halloween party or New Years or even tomorrow.  Just get through today because everyday builds on the previous days.  Sobriety is like a muscle and by practicing sobriety we get stronger at it. ..Tonight I'm going to hang out with my daughter and my dogs.  Probably watch a movie and that'll do it...What's everyone else doing tonight??
----------immediate responses--------

Dealing with my "backing up all my data" obsession by backing up all my data. Have a great night friend!
Happy Friday.  My kids are leaving with their father on a trip for the weekend.  I am going to do a major de-cluttering and cleaning over the weekend.  I'll get started tonight grab a bunch of boxes pick up some Halo-Top and make a burrito or something easy and then dump everything into boxes to sort later. 
I will be playing guitar with band mates. It will be rough but I will make it. First time playing and not drinking together. 
Hey Phys! You're gonna kick ass on the next test - don't sweat it ;)...When I was drinking my Friday's would start out with liquid lunches and the rest of the day and weekend would be blacked out....In sobriety I'm happy to just get things done around the house shop watch TV and go to sleep early...which is my plan for today....How's the pupper situation? Fleas gone?.
Movie night with my son and hubby. Looking at different flavored popcorn recipes we can make for snacks. Happy Friday everybody!
It's an absolutely *gorgeous* day out where I live; 80 and sunny with a nice breeze and not a cloud in the sky. An absolutely perfect day...After work I'm planning on sitting outside with my dog and digging into the huge stack of novels I've got on my to-read list then grilling some steaks later on and watching the New York Jets with my father as tradition dictates...Lovely day and tomorrow will be as well. Can't wait to brew some coffee tomorrow morning as I take in the crisp late-summer air *without* a hangover.
Work. Dealing with some frustrating behavior from a team mate.  ..:X
That sounds like an awesome Friday night!  Which movie are you thinking? ..&amp;#x200B;..I have a workout with my trainer after work and then I'm going to order in some sushi light some scented candles and watch Nurse Jackie on Netflix. 
Same for me my house is THE destination for all my friends on Fridays.  I planned on finding something on Netflix or Prime grilling steaks and chillin with my people sans-booze
Hubby's birthday so gotta make a nice dinner. He doesn't drink so no problem there. He doesn't even really like birthdays so it is not a big deal. Maybe we will watch a movie
It doesn't even feel like a Friday to me for some reason! I work from 1pm until probably 8-9pm tonight which would usually mean prime time to head out to the bars. Instead I'm going to walk home and watch a movie too tonight - or maybe even treat myself to a show at the movie theatre. I'm getting really addicted to using my money on things that I will actually enjoy vs booze and drugs that will make me sick so the idea of going out and spending $75+ on a night out is not something I'm interested in today.. but I can shell out the $15 on a ticket and snacks. :)..I really like the analogy of sobriety being like a muscle. Trying to work that one out on a regular basis these days!
I've been saving up for a new 34" ultrawide.  Well since I quit drinking I was able to save substantially more money than expected.  So I'll be spending my Friday night calibrating and playing with my new toy sober!
Finally watching the last 2 episodes of breaking bad.  Can't wait.  
Mocktails and getting my camera stuff ready for a boat ride/photography trip tomorrow night. I won't be putting any nip bottles in my camera bag for the trip back. ..I also want to clean and do some yoga and probably go out an photograph the harbor in the almost-full moon. The mosquitoes are gone now. ..
I'm not sure yet. I have errands to run and some spanish studying to do after work but once thats all done I have no plans. I think my partner and I will likely just stay in and watch GoT but who knows?
My husband's working a double shift today and tomorrow leaving me to hold down the fort with the kids.  This used to be my excuse to get wasted - I hate being lonely.  Not this weekend though...I'm writing a fanfic novella on some peripheral characters from Fallout 2 and I've given myself one week to write Chapter 4.  I had to start over from scratch because I didn't like the beginning so I'm working on that tonight.  Might play video games too if I make good progress.
Camping out with the cub scouts.  Tonight and all day tomorrow.  Fishing canoeing row boats swimming and s'mores.
Fridays are tough for me too.  Started again this week but I am keeping myself busy tonight.  Taking little one to practice then taking my oldest to get a manicure.  I'm hoping to get to bed early too! IWNDWYT!
I finished work and went to the doctors and when I was going home I had such a craving to drink. I'm not feeling well long day at work I'm home alone tonight no work tomorrow - all huge triggers. Just wanted nothing more than a glass of wine. But I went shopping came home and cooked a pizza with some sparkling juice and Netflix. Sober Fridays are actually pretty fun. 
Its my bowling league night. I would usually look forward allllllll week long to having a couple pints at the bowling alley (and prob much more wine after getting home) but this week has been so stressful I'm actually JUST looking forward to the bowling tonight. ..And the $10 I'll save by not going to the bar. ..And the calories I'll save by not drinking the beer. ..IWNDWYT. 
Factorio...And cleaning the house...But not really. Probably just Factorio..  .^clean^the^house^bitch :(
It's a beautiful day here in Toronto and after making dinner for my GF and her kids I'll be biking up to my AA meeting. ..Friday night meetings are the best! They get you ready for the weekend with all the extra protection you might need from temptation that might be coming your way. And that's quite a change from my drinking days when Friday nights were the nights I drank the most. 
I feel like I'm stuck/struggling. I'm going to go to a meeting in a couple of hours even though I honestly don't want to. Talked to my sponsor about how I feel and I know I'm probably in just a phase I just really hate how it feels. Sharing at meetings used to come easily to me and everyone commented on how happy I looked. Now it feels like the opposite...I don't want to share and I don't feel good. I have nothing to feel bad about hell I haven't drank in almost 4 months!..After my meeting I'll just come home and watch tv I guess. Might go get myself something for dinner instead of eating at home like I always do. Anything is better than not drinking even though right now my brain is telling me I probably was at least a tiny bit happier when I was drinking. Ugh that's not true  ..
I'm not sure what I'm doing tonight. The other grandma sprang it on us that apparently we're getting the kids tomorrow instead of tonight and taking them back Sunday. It's not that big a deal really but I hate unnecessary disruptions to the schedule and maybe she could have said something before yesterday. So kid free Friday night yay I guess.
It's Friday night my husband is out visiting a friend and 27 days ago I would have walked downtown (using my walking as an excuse) and had far more alcohol than I ever needed. I would have slept it off all day tomorrow wasting an entire Saturday and would have dealt with an upset husband who has tried over and over to get me to see that I'm a binge drinker. I have no control. ..But it's been 27 days since my last binge so I plan on some green tea cuddles with my animals and some Hulu. Maybe a nice club soda with a splash of cranberry juice and a lemon wedge. But.. IWNDWYT. 
I really want to pound 6-12 PBR's BUT ... tomorrow my badge will change from a smiley face to a 1-week circle.  That's enough motivation to get me through another day.
Going to dinner with some program friends (one of whom recently lost her husband to an overdose) and all of our kiddos. Then on to Friday Night Affair speaker meeting with childcare provided...The taking my kiddo home reading one of his new books and putting him down for bed.
I know this sounds strange but I find a lot of comfort getting a coffee and sitting watching traffic on a confusing intersection near me. ..It's stupid but it's free wildly distracting my SO likes to join too. When a car goes down a wrong way we get to yell  WRONG WAY!!  It lets us be ethical and scream for the right reasons. 
Going to a bbq with SO's friends kinda just wanna stay home since they'll all be drinking... 
First Friday in God knows how long I haven't sat down with a few (lot) of cold ones and drank. Instead I watched TV with my wife and cats now in bed ready to face day 6 of sobriety! IWNDWYT 
Today is my first day on my journey to sobriety. Friday is normally prime drinking day but not today Satan. I plan on helping my boyfriend renovate his house until late this evening then we will make dinner &amp; watch the movie we rented and snuggle hard core.  Things I used to love doing while having copious amounts of wine but I'm excited to do it with a clear head and also excited for coffee in the am without a hangover. 
Got a good book "The Hate U Give" to read and my milky tea in hand. It's nice to relax a bit after a rough week that's for sure :-) It's hard to believe I used to find drinking relaxing. Now I see it for the stress generator it really is/was.
Finished shopping downing a Chik Fil A milkshake.  Going home putting on Mad Men getting out the needlepoint all G rated here.   Damn glad I'm sober and waking up early tomorrow to get a few house projects completed.
Siren Six reunion show in the city baby!
I spent an evening out at another couple's house then out to dinner with my bf. The stereotype is that the woman in the couple loves to socialize and forces that stuff on the man but that's never been true for me. I'm a total introvert and sobriety has really driven that home. But BF while not exactly a social butterfly really needs to get out and hang out with other people sometimes so I went along. It turned out to be very uncomfortable and triggering even though I like these people and they're nice. Lots of craft brew sampling and talk about the delights of good craft brews and local favorites etc. No one pressured me. This couple doesn't know us well enough to know about my struggles with alcoholism and I didn't want to make shit awkward by bringing it up so I just acted not in the mood to drink. The food was very good though. BF is happy and he's been so great to me lately that I owed him at least a night out. And I was able to get us home safe from their house that is way out in the middle of nowhere. I'm calling it a win. Looking forward to staying in tomorrow night and reading my book with my dog on my lap and a san pelligrino at my side. :)
Rode 18 miles home from work on my bicycle cooked dinner and am hanging with my wife and infant daughter sober as can be...IWNDWYT 
