-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99yhwc/thoughts_on_rational_recoveryjack_trimpey/

I've been looking into rational recovery and although I find the bits about addictive voice recognition useful there are still some parts that I can't quite get behind. I've read the website and listened to a podcast with the founder of RR Jack Trimpey and his attitude has really put me off what actually seems like a useful idea. He seems very very sure that his method is the only method for dealing with substance abuse and addiction and believes that recovery groups of any kind only lead to relapse rather than helping. He believes essentially that addiction is a choice and that people choose to be addicted and to relapse because their addiction is pleasurable and they enjoy it describing relapses as 'yummy' and saying people can stop any time they want if they actually want to. There seems to be a strong element of moral judgement as well with relapses being described as moral failings rather than mistakes or slips. Has anyone read his work? I'm going to read the book anyway but I wondered what other people make of this.
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't but that kinda sounds off-putting. Can't cram all of addiction into one little black/white thing. Sometimes people are addicted for one reason and sometimes for a million. And I don't think anybody chooses to be an addict. It's just the sneaky nature of addiction that creeps up on you like that king is LOTR who's under Grima Wormtongue's spell but can't really tell. I'm not even going to ruin my day thinking about the "moral judgement" part haha. Anyway if you read it and it works for you then great. Good luck!
Anything that is super dogmatic doesn't work for me. There is no "only way." I like to take bits and pieces from different places. I find the worksheets from Smart recovery helpful http://www.smartne.org/tools.html  I have a therapist that I see I read different books on the topic. and I leave whatever doesn't resonate with me. ..I find anything that says "use only this resource" or "if you don't do it this way you'll relapse and die" isn't helpful for me. 
[removed]
Read this article a while back and found it fascinating.  Seems like it sort of goes hand in hand with what he talks about with relapse being satisfying.  The addiction to whatever it is (drink drugs gambling) triggers reward centers in the brain.  Somehow you have to undo that vicious cycle.  There may not be one answer.   ..https://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/2017/09/the-addicted-brain/
I actually agree with some parts here. Addiction is a choice - I choose not to be addicted to heroin and therefore I will never even try heroin because I know it's addictive and harmful. I wish alcohol and cigarettes were presented to me in the same way when I was growing up. If I knew then what I know now I would have never picked up my first drink or cigarette and I wouldn't be here. My genes upbringing or mental health cannot make me an alcoholic - it's the drinking that does it...A relapse is not a mistake in my opinion. A slip is something unpreventable and accidental that happens in an instant. A relapse takes planning and many choices (even if it's just the choice to do the usual). It's my choice whether I drink tonight or not - nobody's holding a gun to my head. I have a whole pile of excuses and rationalisations for drinking and I decided that alcohol is not an option today. A relapse is not a moral failing - just a choice...You've actually piqued my interest so I will add it to the electronic pile of books I'm planning to get through. It's amazing - the media keeps saying that nobody reads anymore but it seems everyone here is a reader and it makes me feel at home :-)
I used rational recovery. I admit it is really abrasive and seems severe but I really couldn't be soft on myself anymore. I had failed a couple times right before reading the crash course and I was really losing hope that I could quit. It was a last ditch effort and it worked. I re-read it from time to time and I feel renewed in my commitment to never drink again no excuses.
[removed]
