-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a0qny/small_progresses/

My badge is inaccurate but after relapsing after three or four days like four times in a row I decided to stop updating it until I feel more comfortable and committed to sobriety (right now I'm waiting until I get at least two weeks.) In reality today is currently day five...Despite my relapses I feel like I have made some small progress and just kind of wanted to remind myself about the tiny steps I'm taking. ..I'm starting to finally fully accept that in addition to being an addict I have bipolar and it severely impacts me. I was diagnosed a little over four years ago but have largely ignored it and bounced in and out of treatment. Coming to the realization has been extremely overwhelming and I have joined some FB support groups and started reading  Bipolar 101  and it honestly gets more overwhelming the more I learn. I had no idea how little I really knew and how much more work I have to do. But the Facebook group is extremely supportive and I can post as many times a day as I need and I do frequently. .. I did finally get an appointment set up for September 15th to talk to a doctor and then a behavioral health specialist. I know I have to walk in there and not hold anything back or pretend anymore. The only way through any of this is brutal bloody honesty. I know I'm going to have to go back on medications and I'm prepared to take them exactly as prescribed. I downloaded a mood tracking app and track my moods closely so I can accurately explain my cycles to them without the brain fog clouding everything. ..I'm also going to attend a real-world Bipolar support group on Sunday. I moved states in March and have no support system here and it's time to change that. I will add AA meetings in when I feel I can cope with that much socializing in a week- these are massive changes to my extremely isolated and anxious lifestyle so I'm going slow. ..I'm feeling good and motivated but thanks to my new knowledge I'm also aware I am currently in a hypomanic state so I'm also extremely stressed and worried that all the good things I'm doing won't last. I'm afraid when I hit a depressive state all my motivation and plans will fall apart. I'm trying not to think about it though and just focus on doing small good things through the day to keep me on track. ..I'm really hoping this is it. I really fucking hope this is where I turn it all around. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Those are huge progresses. I was in therapy for a while before I decided to stop drinking. It helped me realized what my actual ultimate goals were and that not drinking would help me reach those. I think it helps not just use the number of consecutive days of no alcohol as the end all and be all of everything. ..Support groups meetings medical care - those are all hard things to take the step to join. Hopefully you feel good about those things. 
Good luck.  Let us know how you are!!
Maybe there is an active NAMI chapter near you..https://www.nami.org..Best to you
