-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a3nw8/struggling_to_get_started/

I struggle with anxiety-depression... but who doesn't. I've been drinking a long time I'm a mom and I work full time hours so I have found alcohol helps me relax. Helps me feel normal (until the morning hits).  I'm more outgoing easy going less irritable. Problem is I don't have a good off button so I tend to overdue it a lot. I don't go out much so when I blackout it's usually after kids are in bed and I'm netflixing or working a puzzle (hence the name). It runs about 4/5 nights a week and on the weekends I start fairly early... or have a countdown until I can start. I had a solid cluster of panic attacks about 3 days ago. In bed all day drinking rum and coke crying sent the kids to grandmas for the night. I know I have an issue. I was honest with my partner and we are going to cut back together. I don't think he is on the same level as I am though and he doesn't struggle like I do with not drinking or knowing limits. So day 1 great upbeat can do attitude. Day 2 already counting neutral but irritable and snappy and just felt like I was angry in my skin. Day 3 today 12 hour shift and 3 kids zooming around I have a drink in my hand. I know I shouldn't but it makes me feel like I can breathe and relax for a little bit. I've been thinking about it constantly. I basically talked myself into it and told myself it was ok. It's not but if I am my own worst enemy how will I ever quit? Rehab/outing myself as feeling out of control is not an option. I don't even know what this post is meant to be I just needed to get it out cause right now I feel like I've been hiding a long time and it's creeping up on me. Anyway thanks for reading thoughts are welcome and I'd like to say I always like reading about your success stories. 
----------immediate responses--------

You've accomplished the most important thing about getting sober - recognizing that you have a problem and admitting it. You can be proud of that - it's not an easy thing to do. So keep talking that's why we're all here IWNDWYT!
Well you're here and you're asking for help and advice. Even if it's just random people from around the world on this sub that's a huge step! Welcome. It took me years to reach out and many failed attempts. I'm  sure many here can relate to that. Talking to people really helps our willpower is finite and I doubt many people have ever brute-forced sobriety or moderation. Don't get down on yourself you can learn from this there is no admitting defeat only moving forward. 
I am a mom too. I used to drink between 4 and 7 nights per week. Something that surprised me about stopping drinking is that once I got past the early stages I became way less irritable all the time. Relationships with my kids and spouse are much better as a result. I hope you get to a good place of peace.
Hi and welcome. I started with Allen Carr's "Stop Drinking Now"- it completely flipped the script for me and I haven't had a drink since. You can do it! It's such a hard step to take and super scary but SO worth it. We all believe in you. You are loved.      
The book "This Naked Mind" really helped me. I had a few false starts when I started to seriously quit and reading that book solidified in my mind all the reasons to not drink and took away most of my cravings. I also come here every day and either post myself or read stories and comment or just read. Knowing you have a community behind you is huge. As someone else mentioned willpower is a finite resource so it really took a shift in my mindset to finally quit for good. 
First of all love your name puzzles ARE dope! Secondly for me I was terrified about how I was ever going to be able to relax and let go of the anxiety/depression without booze. But it turned out that once I forced myself through the first initial ramp up in symptoms (which is just the brain trying to trick you into drinking again) that 90% of my anxiety/depression went away. I was caught in this cycle what the thing I was using to escape was the thing causing the problem. Once I was able break the cycle it was extremely freeing and while I still struggle to relax sometimes life generally feels way better at all times. You can do it and it's so worth it! Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
