-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a6hjw/tattoos/

Just wondering if you've gotten any new tattoos since getting sober? And if so did they have any meaning related to your sobriety/awakening/enlightenment or struggle? ..I would love to represent that somehow in a tattoo... but I'm not sure how I would do that. Im not into script btw. ..And happy not-hungover Saturday!
----------immediate responses--------

to serve as a permanent and immutable reminder on my left wrist I am getting a simple tattoo of MOM..Myth of Moderation 
I might consider a small "infinity loop" with a break or space so that the loop isn't closed...It would represent several things - nothing lasts forever; I'm not infinite; I've broken the closed loop existence I used to create with the cycle of drink at night make a promise to myself not to drink "tomorrow" break my word break my integrity get regrets and do it all again in an unceasing loop.  ..It would represent breaking the cycle and chains and "two-loop" handcuffs of addiction behaviors.
My wife got a tattoo of a very small simplistic lotus on the inside of her left wrist after she quit drinking. It is supposed to remind her of the Buddhist monk Thich Naht Han's quote: "No mud no lotus."    .&gt; NO MUD NO LOTUS Both suffering and happiness are of an organic nature which means they are both transitory; they are always changing. The flower when it wilts becomes the compost. The compost can help grow a flower again. Happiness is also organic and impermanent by nature. It can become suffering and suffering can become happiness again. 
I wanted to get  steadfast  tattooed in cursive on my forearm. ..Steadfast: marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable 
I've been thinking of the same tattoo design since I got back from studying abroad 5 years ago. I think I'm finally ready to set up an appointment now that I have the time money and courage (it's my first one and I want it on my ankle so I know it'll hurt!!)...It represents taking a step into unknown and being courageous adventurous and humble.
I have a serious thought about making a tattoo with sobriety symbolism and I will do it in upcoming months just need to save some money for it because its not going to be a small tattoo. **YOUR NOT ALONE WITH THAT THOUGHT**
Not me but I have have friend who got a pocket watch with the time set to his sobriety date. 
