-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a70ep/150_days_in_finding_my_new_equilibrium/

During the first month I had intense and panicked energy that I had to dump into DIY projects so I didn't relapse or drive everyone around me insane. I didn't trust my emotional states and made some dumb impulsive decisions. Felt like a trapped animal bring prodded...Next two months were better the amplitude between highs and lows shortened and the wave lengthened. I started to really enjoy sober benefits and relationship improvements. My anxiety levels tapered-off more and I was making better decisions being more reflective. Still felt like a trapped animal at times...During the third and fourth month my sober super powers kicked in. Instead of flurries of intense work I could manage a sane sustained consistent workflow. My libido queued up the Tyrone Davis album. I started exercising. More of an animal in zoo enclosure at this point...I'm feeling like I'm just now getting to my new normal. My triggers aren't so triggery I'm not all over the place emotionally. I think my kids are liking this dry drunk dad more than couch blob drinking drunk dad. Wife is happy. Animal in a decent open-air zoo...I'm staying vigilant. Sober on fellow sobernauts IWNDWYT!.
----------immediate responses--------

This is great to know what I can look forward to. Especially having my kids appreciate it. Thank you. 
Love your post. So now I know what to kind of expect in the future . Thanks for sharing! I will not drink with you today.
Just in time my friend.  Thank you...I feel like I'm riding a ship in a storm right now.  It was good for a while but damn these last couple of days have been weird...So thank you for explaining 
Cant wait to get to the point you are at. Still at the exhausted stage with intermittent anxiety. 
'Animal in a decent open air zoo' I like that a lot... Thanks for sharing your experiences. I seem to have hit a rough patch with cravings this week even though I am definitely feeling a lot of benefits from not drinking. Your post reminds me that there's even better times ahead. ..I want to up my game and go to the gym / eat better but I am not quite there yet it seems. 
Amplitude and wavelengths are you a physics guy as well? :)..I'm glad to hear you're finding your feet and thanks for sharing your changes in months 3 and 4 since I'm hoping to start realizing some of those any day now.
I like the rundown you did of your journey to get here. 5 months is massive! IWNDWYT.
Well done thanks for your share IWNDWYT
