-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a8ywn/back_to_square_one/

Well so I reset my counter. Two nights ago I decided to get quite painfully drunk. Prior to that I'd been sober for about six months. Last night I didn't drink and today I'm feeling a bit more like myself though I can still feel that I hurt my body a little back there. ..There are lapses and there are relapses.  If I can keep my head on straight this will have been a lapse. Even so I'm surprised at how big and ugly it feels. I try to imagine that I'm talking to a friend who did this exact thing. How gentle and kind I would be!   It's all right.  That night is behind you now. Don't look back any more than you need to. It's just what you do today that matters.   You know that kind of simple supportive stuff. It's so much easier to tell that to an imaginary friend than it is to say it to myself...I wish that weren't the case. I thought that perhaps if I say it out loud here that it will stick a little better and that maybe it will help someone else who's going through a similar thing today. ..Thanks for listening. I'm back in the fight and I wish all of you the best too 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Yes I'm going through this same thing. Hurting like crazy both physically and mentally because I stupidly screwed up. But hearing your words helps a lot. Thank you!!
It's okay you had a lapse. What's done is done. What's important is that you are back and trying again! I'm proud of you! 
Good point about a lapse versus a relapse - I never thought of it that way. My last lapse was 6 nights ago. I'll join you in not drinking today!
I guess I do not see you as being back to square one. This is not a competition with yourself it's a journey. You drove far you got a flat tire fix it and keep going. IMHO. 
Be as kind to yourself as you would be to a friend - that is such a great perspective.  I had 115 days until I had drinks last Saturday and it is painful seeing my badge back in the single digits.  But you are so right - if a friend were going through this I would be all kindness and support.  No reason not to have that same attitude towards myself...I'm so glad you are right back to sobriety after a slip.  Wishing you all the best and welcome back!
