-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9abroi/im_not_an_alcoholic/

I'm not an alcoholic but I sure as hell have a drinking problem. The strange thing is that nothing has happened to wake me up at least not recently. I have been to jail been beaten had a knife and gun pointed at me all because of the situation I put myself in due to being drunk but it never made me want to quit. ..I've woken up drunk and kept drinking. Not one day or two but weeks. I've withdrawn had shakes and been called out by friends family and strangers for clearly being a drunk. I've woken up in strange places streets alleyways trap houses and jail cells. None of this changed my outlook. .. When I was arrested I was never charged because I actually did nothing wrong but was so drunk it was assumed I did. My wife son and family have excused my shit behavior due to drinking and I was able to convince them it was just a mistake and I learned my lesson. ..I have limited control over my drinking. I can drink 1 beer one night but need 22 the next. There is no telling what can happen. ..The reason of this post is that I am sick of it. Nothing notable happened no revelation nothing special. I am just done. I have been drinking like this for 20 years (I'm only 36)...I know I cannot do this on my own and I am willing to get help but more than that I need support. People who can relate to my struggles...I'm starting now and I need help and I'm hoping I can avoid the religious based AA system (I'm extremely anti religion) and find solace here. ..My name is David and I am very much an alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey David just so you know - AA isn't too  religious . There's a higher power aspect to it but that higher power can be whatever you want it to be. ..And at the few meetings I've been too they didn't mention that at all. I thought the same as you at first...Going to meetings and meeting like minded people and listening to their stories can be very helpful and inspiring in recovery...Goodluck! 
AA isn't religious based.. there's a whole chapter in the big book focused on agnostics. I think if maybe you give it a chance you would see it differently. I was also anti religion when I went to the rooms of AA but they welcomed me and showed me it was my perception of a higher power.. doesn't have to be the Christian god.. can use a Group Of Drunks. I hope you find a way to stay sober.. good luck to you!!
I had similar alcohol relationship as you I had no ability to control how much booze I would want. Sometimes two beers would be fine sometimes I'd need twenty-two. ..So I made a choice to kick the bottle. In so doing I've learnt that truth Dumbledore told Harry: .. It is our choices Harry that show what we truly are far more than our abilities"
Welcome David.  You've come to a good place.  This sub has been really useful for me.  I hope you also find it so.  I will not drink with you today.
A group of drunks is hardly invisible.. but it's up to you.. I'm not harping just letting you know what has saved my life. Best wishes to you!
Welcome aboard David!..Personally I don't find the label 'Alcoholic' that useful... it's vague stigmatizing and negative and it's not a binary Yes/No Us-vs-Them thing anyway... if it helps you to think of yourself as such great; if it doesn't it's not a requirement......I myself had a severe Alcohol Use Disorder which I no longer have because I don't drink any more (I know exactly how I could *get* an AUD again *really* quickly though!)... I had inadvertently become psychologically and physically addicted to a socially-encouraged addictive drug in essence......I'm not an AA-goer myself but it's a bit of misconception that AA is all about religion... the actual 12 steps themselves are perfectly sensible but it's the mention of the 'Higher Power' stuff that tends to put people off.... the [12 'Fucked' Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2401x3/the_12_fucked_steps/) is a re-write in more accessible language!..There's [an article](http://www.bma-wellness.com/papers/First_AA_Meeting.html) there about what you might expect at a meeting if you did decide to check one out and see for yourself.... If AA isn't your cup of tea then maybe r/smartrecovery (www.smartrecovery.org) or Refuge Recovery might be more your thing......I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....I also had help from my doctor - there are various medication options which can help you detox safely and stay stopped so talking honestly to your doctor is often a good first step.....It's also a good idea to work on and treat any underlying issues such as mood disorders (anxiety depression ADHD bipolar etc) or unresolved emotional trauma from your past which may be leading you to self-medicate with booze - talking to a therapist or counselor can help with this bit.....There are also lots of recovery podcasts such as 'Recovery Elevator' 'Dharma Punx' oodles of [Quit Lit](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) blogs tons of material on YouTube etc to start getting yourself into the recovery mindset......Hope that gives you a few ideas and that you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Nicely done arriving here. SD is a great resource and probably the friendliest place on all of Reddit. 
Welcome! I'm glad you're here. I've used this sub as my support system and resource hub and created a healing path that's made me really happy. Grab a badge if you want and let us know if you need anything. You can do this. :-) 
Congratulations on your decision to quit! It takes a lot of strength to admit you need a change! I'm not really into the whole AA thing either. This sub helps a lot. Anytime I feel tempted to drink I come here. I may not say anything but just reading helps. Everyone here provides so much support. There is no judgment we are all here to help each other. If you are ready to quit let's do it! We're all in it with you. Use the resources everyone offers. People here will give you a million suggestions try every single one. Some will work some won't but you'll discover quickly what works for you. If you need help ask literally EVERYONE here is willing to support you. You are making one of the best decisions of your life! I'm proud of you!
I'm in the same boat. My wife and I are in need of counseling and fixing our relationship but I had to move out because we argued and I yelled after having beer....... not playing the victim here I'm really good at yelling (usmc)..But I hear you
So very glad you are here.  I drank very heavily for 30 years. I have found support and strength in a variety of places other than AA including most of all here on SD the gym my friends reading books and a couple of times at Refuge Recovery..  .Thank you for posting David. .I'm here not drinking with you today!
I appreciate your post David. I'm also 36 and I love that you said "only 36" because so many times I feel too fucking old to be doing this. I should've cleaned this up 6 years ago. I should've done this done that. Just my mind doing what it always does. But your perspective is right on and welcome. 
Reminds me of myself when I woke up 60 days ago I had the choice to keep drinking or say I'm done and start drinking water. Good luck mate. IWNDWYT
There are AA meetings for atheists freethinkers and non-believers.  They sometimes have "agnostic" in the meeting name.  Directories of such meetings can be found by Googling "Secular AA" or "Agnostic AA".  Seek and ye shall find.  Good luck and best wishes.
David..Sounds like you have had a rough go of it. Welcome to our group we are pretty judgment free and love sharing our experiences and hearing about others.  I feel like self inspection has been the start of many peoples journeys here myself included and we welcome you with open arms to participate as you see fit.  
Yay I think the most important thing is that you finally realize you want to change your ways :) I think that's the first step we'll done! 
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)..There's an agnostic AA group i attend in my city.  They asleep host it online at intherooms.com on tuesday at 9pm. There's a bunch of different groups on their to theirs Refugee recovery smart different addictions have different meetings also in case you're a dual diagnosis. Just food for thought I've only used it a couple times cuz I really enjoy my agnostic group. And you could use your webcam you can talk or you could put a sticky note over it and just use the chat bar
Im also very much anti-religion and dont care for the religious aspect of AA. HOWEVER going to meetings especially at first was helpful because its about people wanting to be sober and it made me feel less alone. A lot of people in AA just ignore the religion aspect and there are even some AA meetings labelled "agnostic" for this reason. 
Congratulations David! For me that personal "just done" and a burning desire to stay done is what has been getting me to do the work of maintaining my resolve. SD is a major support.  I find good will empathy and openness here not to mention great humor a necessity in my life.   As for other forms of support and learning here are a few ideas.  ..There are agnostic/atheist meetings and literature available through AA. On line if not in person. ..More psychologically-based approaches include: Rational Recovery SMART recovery SOS and The Life Process Program which is not free but also not expensive and includes life-coaching sessions and intensive self-inquiry.   ..Buddhist-based  non-deistic approaches include Eight Step Recovery and Dharma Punx. The latter has great podcasts by guiding teacher Josh Korda who now has more than 20 years of being clean and sober. I like Josh Korda's use of current science psychology as well as Buddhist teaching about human beings. Korda's podcasts along with SD and a few close friends is what keeps me going.   Refuge Recovery which Woody includes  is an independent 501 (C) 3 organization with a lot of meetings.  It is not to be confused or associated with Against the Stream. There are also other excellent contemporary teachers from the Buddhist tradition that I love for their teachings: Pema Chodron Tara Brach Jack Kornfield Jon Kabat-Zinn to name some of the prominent names.  ..Wishing you well on your exciting new life! The  wisdom of "one day at a time" and "it's the *first* drink that gets you drunk" are key concepts to remember no matter what your mind is saying. Lash yourself to the mast and sail by the siren song when and if you hear it.  IWNDWYT..
I can really relate to the "I'm done" feeling. Congratulations. I hope you stick around this place is amazing. IWNDWYT..
