-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9afgd2/things_are_changing_my_attitude_but_it_is_not_easy/

Wow. This has been a very interesting although non eventful weekend. I have had the house to myself while my husband and son were out of town. I haven't been here very much since I've been running around and today I need to get the family back to school so I am putzing around the house. My husband's beer is in the fridge and down in his man cave. I have never given it a thought this weekend. I went to a brewery Friday with some friends. Didn't drink and didn't want to. Spent the day with my in laws yesterday. Same thing. I know I have a problem with alcohol. I've been putting myself in risky and stupid situations for 27 years with it. I think I just reached a point where I was ready to stop and these past three days in particular have brought me a different clarity than what I've had before.  I want to keep my quit private  (other than SD) - and I have only confided in one person about how bad it was when I would drink. I know this rant seems pointless but I've refrained from my own posts here because I read that OP resent reading about how easy it is for some people to quit. I just want to say that it's still hard for us. There's a lot that we struggle with inside and aren't ready to share. I've exposed more to this community than I have anyone else in terms of my efforts to quit. I'm just not ready yet to remember those dark place I went while completely blitzed or share them to justify my effort to get sober. I'm more protecting myself than I am ashamed. I'm barely two weeks in and maybe I two years I will be able to laugh at the shit show like I do everything else. Maybe not. As long as I'm not drinking I'll be fine. ..Sorry if this makes no sense. Thank you - everyone. This place has really made a huge difference and made me feel like I can do this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Uko! People have a variety of likes and dislikes about everything. There really is almost no pressure here just support.  You do get the time you need to feel comfortable with how you see things and how you share.  One of the things I've worked on is actually saying out loud what is true for me without attacking without apologizing. Various levels of difficulty doing this.  You CAN do this not drinking thing.  You've got two weeks (!) and now it's "just keep going."  SD offers great support.  IWNDWYT
I'm glad to hear it's going well for you Chaney!  Keep it up sounds like you plan on it    we're doing good doing this.  
You don't have to refrain from posting this is a space for you to share and say what you want! I'm not sure what you meant by people being resentful? I've never seen that here unless I misunderstood...I get you on keeping goals to yourself - I only told my husband after a week and even then only because he was getting stressed about what I was hiding on my phone (it was This Naked Mind and SD I just wasn't ready to admit to him I have a problem). He'd noticed I wasn't drinking and suspected it was something to do with that. I told my other friends when I had to that I was doing a sober month.. ..The cravings come and go for me. The hardest ones are the ones I didn't prepare for. Going to a brewery or a bar? No problem I've imagined tons of scenarios and prepared my answer. It's the driving home past a grocery store I know has a good selection or sometimes as simple as the lighting reminds me of a time I was drinking...
