-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9afx02/failed_yesterday/

Why is this so much harder than before? Because I'm not really committed to it? I'm playing with fire. Yesterday i went to visit some friends to get outta the house but if I'm being honest it was because i knew they would have beer and be drinking all day. I mean sure i wanted to see my friends but my booze Brain was totally a driving force. Then i stopped at the grocery store and picked up a large bottle of some IPA and then sure enough walked down to the liquor store for ONE more tall can and i was back at my old tricks - what is the percent of this beer? 7%? Cool. And can i have a little whiskey shooter too? Damn. I was asleep pretty early and I'm not throwing up or anything but my head hurts. I bought an alka seltzer in ANTICIPATION of this - so yes i would call this a solid relapse. ..I am disappointed in myself. I was on here all morning yesterday reading posts and participating and yes some part of me did want to stay sober but i failed. Today will be easy cause duhhh I'm hungover. The emotional toll is more painful than the physical today. I'm stressed out about money that is definitely part of why i wanted to check out and haha thanks for nothing stupid booze brain cause i definitely didn't save any money yesterday. ..Did i send a risky text also? Why yes i did. Right-o then. I'm off to feel like shit for the rest of the day! But i can say for sure i won't be drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;some part of me did want to stay sober but i ~~failed~~ *had a learning experience*.....There that reads better!..Don't beat yourself up about it these things happen.....What could you *do* differently the next time similar thoughts/circumstances crop up?..Hope you feel better soon!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
A relapse is an opportunity to learn. It great that you know the real story behind yesterday rather than trying to convince yourself it was an accident.  Learn from this and move on. It's important to forgive yourself but don't forget about all the downsides !!
Your brain sought out booze.....If I'm stopping into a friend's place where they're usually drinking I'll make sure I have something else like coffee or tea or sparkling water in my hand when I walk in. I feel like half of my drinking compulsion especially around other people is just to have something in my hand to sip on when it isn't my turn in the conversation. Having a huge coffee or bringing a few cans of sparkling water especially in my own reusable cups I take everywhere keeps me occupied and away from the first drink.
I find it only takes 30 seconds for me to go from  definitely not drinking today  to  one can't hurt.   That's all the time a fight or flight response takes in your midbrain as it turns out!  Easier said than done but the second I start to visualize a drink or a drinking scenario I gotta change the image in my head stat. Thinking through the desire rationally does not work for me yet. It's still too soon
