-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9agpgo/1_day_releapse_how_to_stop_selfhatred/

So this Friday I gave into my cravings and let my addicted mind and reward hunger take over. 50 days sobriety down the gutter :-( .I could have stopped at one glass but Quickly it was like  fuck then you do it this one time . Well that escalted into 11 hours of drinking and in my daze I even did coke which I've tried once 10 years ago - and it did nothing to me whatsoever but I was in that  fuck it all  state of mind. .Woke up severely hungover and at first I was fine meaning I accepted what I had done and I have truly never had less wanting to drink. As in never. .But as the day progressed the self-loathing Got really bad. It came to the point that I didn't even feel like I could post anything here feeling I was not worthy of this or any community. .I have done  good  things like running cleaning 3hours of garden work but I hate myself so intensively - 2 panic attacks but thank god no drinking. .Can I still be  proud  of my 50 days sober or am I back to scratch? How do you stop the train of thoughts in either a relapse or just the negative aftermath of you when you were drinking? ..Thank you for not drinking with me today   
----------immediate responses--------

What did you learn in the past 50 days? What were some good things that happened during those days? What were steps you took to improve your life? How much would you have normally drunk over the course of 50 days? ..Self flagellation is so comforting sometimes but it serves no one. Just like a day of sobriety didn't flush all your drinking days down the toilet and start you over at "day 1" nor does one day of drinking flush 50 days of sobriety away. ..I find it helpful to measure my success in many ways - not just the number of days where zero alcohol passes my lips. I think it helps prevent the "fuck its" because I wouldn't just be saying "fuck it I don't care about that number I'm drinking" I'd be saying "fuck it I don't care about being a good friend or improving my life or being healthy or finishing my projects or mastering a new skill." I have way more to throw away than a number. .
I'm so sorry to hear about your relapse...For me I view my relapses as pot holes on a road. I'm driving the car forward but I hit a hole that causes the car to shake and stall a bit. However it still keeps moving forward right? So to use your example I moved forward for 50 days but I hit a pothole at 51. I still managed to move for the 50 days right? So why beat myself up for that one pothole?..Take care of yourself :) 
The big reason I avoided a relapse was because I didn't want the super intrusive thoughts steamrolling me all over again.  I can't stand those buggers.  That and the fact that I might very likely just not come back from one.  You did that you came out you're here.  Now you get to keep busy and bust out all your tools and experience to get your head back into the game.  I understand you must feel really weird about this right now but focusing on the work of moving forward is likely much more fruitful than rehashing the upsetting thoughts over and over again.  Strength courage be your own hero today and one day at a time you'll get yourself back.  And it'll be a place you recognize from recently only hopefully better and filled with more purpose.  Hopefully this shows you how it's simpler to keep on going upwards the detours are not all they cracked up to be.  We have your back friend.  You can do this
You didn't lose all the sober days you had!   You just had a relapse......IWNDWYT  :-) 
I am still proud of the days I did not drink because that means the days I do drink get further and further apart.  I used to drink 4-5 drinks each night.  This last 12 months is probably the least I have drank in 5 years so overall I do feel better.  I have stopped and started many times but each time gets easier and easier.  This time I think will be the longest yet.  Hang in there!
[removed]
That self-hatred is still the alcohol talking. It's not gonna beat you today. We are always here. IWNDWYT
I recently drank after 115 days of sobriety.  I wasn't physically hungover but I was mentally destroyed for several days afterwards.  I had intense rebound anxiety - which reinforced for me that my anxiety is tied directly to drinking.  I felt completely worthless for the first time since I stopped drinking in the first place...I wish I could tell you how to get past the self-loathing quicker but it took me about six days to feel normal again.  I couldn't make it pass but I could make myself pay full attention to it and imprint it on my mind as a direct effect of drinking.  I want to remember this any time I want to drink in the future.  ..You definitely can and should be very proud of 50 days of sobriety.  It also takes a lot of courage for you to post here and be honest about your experience.  I am grateful that you did and I think you should give yourself credit for doing so.  ..Hang in there push through it and you will be back to feeling good again soon.  Sending you a big hug!
I heard this quote once "You have to train your mind to be stronger than your emotions or else you'll lose yourself everytime." Before my last relapse I saw it and thought hey that's something I want to do and is really wise. So when I relapsed all the self hatred and negative thoughts/emotions came back. Instead of getting all worked up about it and hating myself I made a conscious decision to try to train my mind to be stronger than how I felt. I made myself think more logical than emotional. To me it gave more meaning to my relapse. You are human and you are going to make mistakes don't beat yourself up about it. You got this i hope that helps! IWNDWYT
Thank you for the humility in this post. Be proud of yourself for your realization after only 11 hours. Your situation could have become much worse. My advice to your feelings of self-loathing is know that *our emotional states are not our emotional traits*. Distance yourself from your feelings by embracing them not embodying them. Instead of saying "I am not worthy" try instead "I am feeling the feeling of unworthiness" or even more distanced "I think I am feeling the feeling of unworthiness". ..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for positing. ..IWNDWYT
You never lose time spent sober if you ask me.  Dust off and move on.  You can reset your counter if you like or not your call. 
