-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aizgy/600_feel_like_i_was_supposed_to_be_here_today/

I haven't checked in here in a while and was just curious how many days I was up to now (how strange is that? In my beginning I never thought I'd NOT know how many days I'd have sober)....Much has improved; my health is much better; my blood pressure has dropped significantly to the point it's stable at healthy levels. My space case brain has finally disappeared (or disappeared enough that I've learned to deal with it.) I've tackled other issues such as dealing with my ADD which is helping both my home and work life tremendously; I can finally fit cars in my garage I have the willingness to take on a project and complete it and I got an absolutely glowing review and raise at work last week. None of this would have been possible if I was still drinking. I'd be lucky to have my home much less my job if I kept up at the rate I was....There will always be people who have been sober longer than I and those with less days than I but I just remind myself that the important thing is that I'm not drinking. This isn't a contest - wait well actually it is - and the consequences of losing are great. The important thing is I didn't drink today and here's hoping you're not either...I've got a pretty good small support group but I find the fact of just being around another person who's facing the same challenges with alcohol that I have makes a big difference. Whether one day or thirty plus years we're all part of the same shitty club... But we're all still winning the contest. It's good to know that others have done what I'm doing. ...So find what works for you. Check in here. Go to AA. Commune with nature. Whatever helps you do you and not drink. If you're still struggling keep trying new things to occupy you. Get a membership or go back to the gym create a different daily routine get rid of your old drinking buddies make new friends or new hobbies - just find your way. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 600!  Love this post!  IWNDWYT 
Thanks for posting. As someone with ADD this is encouraging. Great work on the 600 days   
Great tips and wisdom thanks for sharing. Congratulations on 600 that's amazing!  And to be honest i'm more impressed about how you aren't counting days. From day 1 it's been my goal to move past and have a life beyond drinking; beating this and moving on not dwelling in alcoholism for the rest of my days. I know that's not everyone's strategy but hearing about it is extra encouraging to me.  Thanks and will done! 
Amazing!  Congratulations and  . I will be at 600 in 500 something days I know it. 
Congrats. Posting to see my days.
Well done!
Well done!
Heykidsgetoffmylawn congratulations on 600 days of Freedom!!!     
Congrats!!
IWNDWYT THANKS
Congrats! My ADD went through the roof after I quit. I finally had to go to my doctor and try a few different meds before I found something that really worked. I really wanted to stay away from any stimulants because they make me thirsty for alcohol and way too irritable. I finally found something that worked and wow what a difference..
