-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9alr63/i_made_it_to_monday/

First off I googled and I love the IWNDWYT. It really says it all. ..I Will Not Drink With You Today. ...It's Sunday night I'm cozy in bed with zero alcohol this weekend. First weekend in years. My hubby said  wow no whiskey   I said no. I want to cut down. I've been married 23 years and he doesn't know that I struggle with staying sober from Friday at 5 to Sunday at bed time. And if on vacation or even stay-cations I'm drunk the whole time. Though I have told him if it wasn't for him I'd always be waisted. So I guess he may have an idea. BUT I doubt he gets it's a struggle. Anyways I'm thankful to myself and to this sight. Just sharing has helped so much. And reading others wisdom and strength and fears helps too. Anyways I did it. I'm good till next Friday then I get to feel even more accomplished next Sunday. Good night all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! You got this - just keep at it. The fellowship I find here helps me with my own struggle too. I'm so glad I found it and am very happy to "see" you here. Iwndwyt!
Congrats. This was my second sober weekend in a while. I am happy tonight. 
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
[removed]
Staying sober over the weekend is the most difficult and the most rewarding parts of the journey. It's when I used to drink the most but sober through then it's also like discovering a whole new chapter in a book you thought you had read a million times. I'm constantly amazed that without booze I can fit so much more into my weekends not just two nights of drinking till I fall down and two days of sleeping off a hangover.
Bravo!! Weekends are big!
Congrats on the sober wknd! Vigilance my friend! My brain has a voice that at this point would tell me..."You made it thru the weekend you can have/deserve just one on Monday"...I know where one would lead...and I now know that the voice is a LIAR!! Stay strong &amp; Sober on!  Peace
Fantastic!  The weekends are tough.  My wife didn't know how much I was drinking because I hid it and drank a lot away from her:  at work after she went to bed when she ran errands etc.  Because of that she didn't know the struggle I had as I was quitting but the people on this sub did and it helped me immensely.  In fact.  I didn't tell her I had stopped until I had gone a week without drinking because I wanted to make sure the change was real.  Great work and here's to a clear-headed Monday!
