-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aw1fk/day_4_unlike_other_attempts_not_lying_to_myself/

Hey SD I'm finally here been lurking on and off for a few months. I've known I've had a problem for a while I don't think I've gone a day without a six pack or two of high abv craft beer. I'd occasionally try a day or two sober thinking I was going to take a dry spell but the anxiety and irritability it created at work didn't let me power through that. Since then I've quit my job and moved back with my folks to try to reform but that two months ago. I've lost two good friends over it really only have family and my lady left. I tried to get serious several times I'd make it to day 2 or 3 and start sneaking drinks claiming to my girlfriend I'd been sober cancelling on her a lot because I knew I couldn't drink. ..Well Thursday we had a fight because we went to a brewery for her birthday I was supposed to drive. I drank a six pack beforehand needless to say I was pretty drunk. After the fight I bought another. Friday comes around she told me I needed to get my shit together or she'd leave. I reacted wrongly went to the store got a six pack killed it and went back for a bottle of vodka. I remember drinking half the bottle before my memory blacks. I woke up in the morning in bed and learned my pops found me face down on the kitchen floor and had to help me to bed. Fucking embarrassing I'm 24. ..Now it's day 4. The first two were rough mostly took benadryl to haze myself and sleep the days away. Bet I slept 28+ hours of that weekend away. Today Monday was the first time I felt somewhat clear headed and had somewhat of an appetite. I've been drinking la croix like a savage gotta love that carbonation helps keep the cravings away. I even went out and applied to some pizza delivery jobs drove right past my old liquor store for the past 2 years and had to fight a mental battle not to turn. I didn't turn. ..So it's 12:45 now 45 minutes into day 4 and the future looks bright. First solidish shit in months and I'm starting to function a little better. I can look my girl in the eyes and tell her I haven't drank without lying and sneaking it on the side. Still have some sweats and shakes but I'll survive. Here's to everybody else going through the struggle I've appreciated reading all your stories over the months they helped me get in a frame of mind to do what I need to do to get my life back in order..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey congratulations on 4 days! You are doing great. Take it one day at a time! You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
Good job man! I'm new too and only got 7 myself but it's been so worth it. For me this sub has been a great resource for support. Keep us updated! IWNDWYT.
Great job the early days are tough and its great to open up those closets in the mind where we have been hiding the bottles.  I really went into healing mode the first couple weeks - no social activities that involved drinking heading straight home after work and reading This Naked Mind and then Easy Way to Stop Drinking seltzer and snacks whenever and as-soon-as a craving hit.  Then I started building up a routine that included a different route to work so I didn't pass that damn liquor store and didn't include staying up until 2am gaming (which is when I drank a lot in secret after my wife went to bed). Good luck!  I will not drink with you today.
