-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ax0lt/uk_alternatives_to_la_croix/

Tried every SDAmerican's favourite non-alcoholic drink a few months back when I was in the US and absolutely loved it. I'm struggling to find a decent substitute in the UK where shops either don't sell it or sell it in special imported food isles at a stupid high price. ..&amp;#x200B;..So UK SDers what's your favourite non-alcoholic drink? There's only so much fruit tea I can stand......&amp;#x200B;..Thanks! 
----------immediate responses--------

https://www.innocentdrinks.co.uk/things-we-make/bubbles..But to be honest I just slice a lime in half and squeeze the juice fresh into sparkling water most times. Keep the water in the fridge. Simple as you like. 
I'm in the UK and would love to try La Croix!! Never seen it in supermarkets though. Maybe Amazon have it? Over the summer I started to make my own mocktails for something nice to sip on instead of having pop or dilute juice all the time. 
I bought a soda stream and have the tesseire zero sugar squash - they're expensive but still cheaper than the alternative. ..Also Appletise for special occasions (in a champagne glass no one can tell you're not drinking if your self-conscious about that). ..And I also like Seedlip and tonic which is described as non-alcoholic gin but is nothing like gin - it has its own unique taste (I like the spice version). 
Ginger beer or ginger ale mixed with lime and seltzer...Half seltzer half water and a lime...La Croix is an over priced joke. You can buy seltzer from CVS for a buck like 20 oz. You can do the same for ginger ale...The lime is a killer trick because people assume your drink is alcoholic. So no peer pressure...Additionally if you go with people drinking you'll likely get yours for free as they will assume you're DD...If you want something without bubbles I like tea water or coffee with ice (not cold brew/ice brewed more expensive).
Not sure if you can get this in the UK but this is my favorite. https://www.drinkwaterloo.com
Roses Lime Cordial and sparking water does the trick quite nicely though there seems to be a supply problem with Roses cordial at the moment.  Fresh lime and sparkling water is also a winner every time.
