-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9b56er/a_couple_days_in_and_i_hope_i_can_keep_up_the/

The past few months I've drunk pretty steadily and over the past few weeks I've drunk recklessly too. Despite being a functional alcoholic I tended towards going over the top the past few weeks. I drunk all day until I binged on large meals and simply repeated the process ad nauseum. In a way it was glorious but completely over the top. I knew in the back of my mind that there would be a price to pay for my nonsense. And here I am...Before my relapsing back to drinking I was a lean 164 lbs and now I'm a flabby 190 lbs. Thankfully I'm fairly good at losing weight and knowing exactly what it will take. However the past few days of being sober has honestly been tough with the intense cravings and repeatedly admitting to myself that I **must** stay sober. ..I'm tired of feeling like porky pig. I'm tired of feeling like an emotional trainwreck. I'm tired of feeling like my mind is a constant haze. I'm tired of waking up constantly and feeling nauseous. I'm tired of feeling like my I'm turning into my Dad. I'm tired of not having the strength to abstain from something so damaging. Most of all I'm tired of the fact that there is this part of me that wants to take the easy way out and that doesn't feel fulfilled-no matter what...Now is the time to reclaim everything that has been forfeited. Positive self-image value for personal well-being conviction prudence and respect for the world around me. I can be strong again. I can take control of my life. I can generate an environment of positivity and peace. My spirit animal is an eagle. It's strong and majestic. I hope you find your spirit animal too...HEY ALCOHOL FUCK YOU!!!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Good post. Keep posting!
Yeah! Fuck you damn alcohol!
ALCOHOL GUESS WHAT:  you SUCK!! Happy sobriety.  Hang on until it feels real happy   we won't drink with you
I defiantly prefer the eagle as a spirit animal over the porky pig. One is stuck down there sleeping in its own shit and the other can look down and see things from above for how they really are. Congrats on the transition  
