-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9b76ob/im_15_months_post_transplant_feel_free_to_ama/

This isn't a shame post. This is a motivation post. ..I haven't been around for a while as my transplant (liver) has had its ups and downs. Who knew it affected so much of the rest of your body? I sure didn't. I'm in the process of a divorce and selling my house whilst I move cross country. I tried what I could to get my ex wife the help she needed to quit drinking. I'm hoping the fourth time was the charm. I'm optimistic to say the least. ..Don't let this video become your life. This was the tidbit I wrote to reflect my feelings. I hope it helps describe the weekly thoughts and day-by-day battles I/we struggle with as transplanters. Please get help if it's needed. Please love one another unconditionally as I wasn't able to. ..Please be kind and improve your life and those around you as much as you can. When you're blue know there's still much you can do. .. don't call us unusual. don't call us failures. don't say  we deserve it . don't tell us it's a cakewalk. don't tell us this is the end. this is every week for half of my life which will be shorter than yours. don't tell me i'm weaker. don't tell us we are weak because we're pretty damn strong. ..i didn't choose this. don't tell me  you deserved it  because i wouldn't wish this on an enemy. don't tell me i'm different because i'm not. don't tell me i can't handle this because i'm doing my damndest. ..do not tell me i am weak because even when i cower in fear i sure as hell am stronger right now than I was before. don't tell me i deserved this because i didn't. no one does. ..don't fuck me up i didn't choose this. i am still a normal person. i've just got a stopwatch running. don't tell me i'm a failure because i'm living proof that i'm not. ..don't tell me that it gets easier when you're not dealing with this picture. don't tell me it'll be okay when i'm not. don't tell me i'm unlovable. don't tell me i cannot do things the rest of my life. i will promise i'll prove you wrong. ..do not tell me i am broken. do not tell me i'm damaged goods. do not tell me i'm incapable. do not tell me i am a piece of shit. there's a treasure somewhere even if i don't see it.  [video](https://instagram.com/p/BnDbEu_FsOx/)
----------immediate responses--------

Have you thought about trying to find a Transplant Support Group? Even an online one? Retired Nurse here. A lot of things that happen to us are totally unrelatable to others sometimes. Good luck to you!
Thank you for posting this Travis.
Thank you so much for this. IWNDWYT.
That is so encouraging to hear! I'll have to take a look after all!
