-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bad0e/struggling/

Hi...bit of backstory. Alcoholism developed very early for me late teens/early 20s and kicked my ass for a while. I managed 5 years of sobriety mainly through taking antabuse/disulfirum and by being in a long term relationship. That ended sadly and I got through the breakup with my head held high. I didn't relapse got a new job and for the most part enjoyed life. ..Over the next two years though life happened. I won't get into specifics but a lot of shit went on from small to big and unbeknownst to me at the time I began to suffer from severe depression which eventually led to my relapsing...The last two years have been hell. I've lost jobs suffered chronic insomnia had two 'psychotic episodes' and put enormous strain on my relationships with family and friends...I know I can be sober. I do did for five years and during the past two years I have managed lengthy bouts of sobriety only to crash and burn...One of the biggest problems for me is money.  When I'm broke being sober is practically easy. I don't really suffer from cravings when I know that I actually straight can't drink however when I do the alcoholic side of my brain kicks in and there's this compulsion a NEED to drink...I'm sick of this. I'm fed up of letting down the people I love. I'm fed up of never having any money. I'm fed up of my flat being a garbage dump. I'm fed up of waking up with mysterious bruises and bumps. I'm fed up with insomnia. I'm fed up with being a waste of space...Despite all this I know that when I get money again in a week's time the alcoholic voice will rear it's ugly head and be far more powerful than my sane and rational desires and the compulsion will be there...I don't know. Everything feels pretty hopeless right now.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
you are not a waste of space. you are a magnificent creature with a beating heart and a powerful mind. that alcoholic voice will get weaker as you get stronger. you can beat the voice it's using your brain to fight you. it has inside information. don't believe anything it says... i suggest you write yourself a letter right now. explaining why you don't want to drink. seal it in an envelope then carry it with you when you decide the voice is right and you are going to have a drink open the envelope first. read the letter. ..I did this an today i am 2 years sober and haven't opened the envelope. 
I am in AA and many have come back from where you are. Take advantage of what medical help is available. Make sobriety your goal and only goal. It is hard to get sober alone so it will help to have a support strategy. 
