-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bcpx4/suicidal_when_alcohol_withdrawal_begins/

This is a tough post for me to make because I've never told anyone about this but this sub is the most supportive place I could think to start. ..Basically I've been struggling with depression and alcoholism my whole adult life (19 to now 24 y.o.). It took me until this last year to realize that I was addicted to alcohol. I've been drinking about 6 nights a week for the past 5 years and always justified it as  I just like my beer and wine  or  I'm young there's nothing wrong with a drink . Until one morning I wake up with 21 beer cans on my table and realize I can't remember my last sober night. I've tried probably 10 times to quit drinking this year but on day 2 or 3 the same thing happens: I want to kill myself. ..I hate saying those words. It's embarrassing. And I think the hardest part about it is the last few times it wasn't just a matter of thinking about it. I was sure of it. I had made the decision in my mind and begun planning. That is until I relapse and start drinking again. ..I'm so afraid to keep drinking I know it's destroying my body and making me feel like shit. I'm afraid to quit drinking because I don't want to know my sober self. I don't know how I got to this point but I want to get out. I see all of you and your success stories and I want to get there too. ..What are the first steps... how did you get over the initial hardship of becoming sober? ..I'm ready to change. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've finally been able to begin my sober journey because rock bottom is different for everyone. .I joined a local Intensive Outpatient Therapy Group in my area and am forced to remain sober for 8 weeks straight. I'm doing this for me. You have to come to terms with that. You have to do it for you and no one else. ..A 30 day-45 day In-patient center might be the best option for you as well because there you go stay and aren't allowed to drink and have to withdrawal to begin to know your sober self through lots of therapy and learning coping skills etc. I've been sober for 3 days now and in a weeks time I'll be a crying ball of emotions. When you finally hit the bottom you have to do whatever it takes to get better. ..Recovery is different for everyone. I've slept the last 3 days pretty much straight. I'm extremely depressed but take an antidepressant and see a counselor once a week beyond this 8 week program in the evenings. I've got excruciating headaches now and body pains I didn't know existed but I'm determined to get better. I want to feel enjoyment and real emotions again instead of always numbing myself with alcohol. ..What got me to stop? Awful skin infection that is itching me all over because of the amount of yeast in my body due to drinking. I have to cover myself in anti fungal cream every day now and I feel too embarrassed to be naked in front of my man. These are the things that have caused me to realize I have a problem I need to face and change. 
I did not have success with sobriety until I went to my doctor and addressed my anxiety and depression. I am on meds for them. When I was 7 days sober I started naltrexone and that has been a great tool. I am in therapy I walk a lot meditate and eat as healthy as I can. I also try to keep a very consistent schedule. There are so many options to help out there. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
When you are in withdrawal from alcohol you can experience high anxiety. I have felt this. I went to the emergency room for it because I knew I was in alcohol withdrawal. They got me through the panic phase...They also got me started on a recovery program. What is available might depend on your insurance. There are many out-patient programs and most insurance will cover it. If you can't handle dealing with it the hospital can sort it out with insurance. ..I now go to AA. Usually at least four times a week. They are a tremendous resource and can help you find the care you need. It is free and it is everywhere. They will know what is available locally for you to get past the initial withdrawal stage. ..The first step is admitting you need help. You've done that. Next is going to get that help. 
Please don't be embarrassed. Suicidality is not weakness or a character defect. I get suicidal by day 3 when I try to quit smoking. I hate it!! To the best of my understanding the alcohol and cigarettes changes up the way your body makes/processes dopamine. Dopamine is the feel good neurochemical. so when we suddenly have lower levels we don't feel so good...I agree with the above. Treatment or an IOP would be great options. ..Hang in there!
[removed]
Untreated Alcoholism is a terminal illness. It's usually a long slow miserable death too. Get to a meeting and reach out for help.
This is completely normal and you are ok. Don't be ashamed or afraid booze preys on that. But absolutely go to the doctor or ER and do a supervised detox. They will help with all this in the immediate withdrawal state and then long term with supports for everything you drink to avoid.
I thought I had crap insurance and don't have a lot of money but I totally found a program and place that took me in no problem. Just get with your insurance provider and see what they can offer you in your area in network. Just completed day 3 of my intensive outpatient program and I've got 8 weeks ahead of me. One day at a time and I just received my first AA book. I used to think all of this is crap and won't help me but I'm actually finding that this crap is helping suprisingly enough. I hope the best for you! Find one positive thing to help you gain some hope somewhere!? This is why you posted because you still have hope in you that you can recover! I'll be in recovery the rest of my life and I've accepted that it won't be easy. It's going to be fucking hard. I've had insomnia headaches depression and lethargy out the ass the last 3 days I slept for over 24 hours on Sunday. I'm an emotional wreck but one day at a time. You can find help! I know it! 
I agree with the people who have recommended seeking help. A doctor social worker or AA group would be my top three choices of people to talk to. Each of those spaces could recommend immediate actions and connect you to more resources. Don't be afraid to talk to people about alcohol use or about suicide. Our culture sometimes deems built around hiding our problems but if you need help then you also need to ask for it. Do you know of s helpful resource in your area?
