-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bjvat/had_an_amazing_first_aa_meeting_experience/

For the past 2 years I've been riding the rollercoaster of a few months sober followed by relapsing hard and repeating. I finally realized that my own willpower alone wasn't enough and decided to give AA a shot even though I REALLY didn't want to because of my anxiety and conflicting reports of what I'd heard about AA. I looked up a local meeting and when I first got there it fit the AA stereotypes we've all heard before exactly people sitting around a circular table in a dimly lit church basement drinking coffee. However when I sat down I was immediately greeted with smiles and introductions from everyone. When they learned it was my first meeting they gave me a 24 hour chip a new copy of the AA "Big Book" and a lot of the members wrote down their names and phone numbers on the inside cover in case I ever needed anyone to talk to. It was supposed to be a step meeting where they go through one of the 12 steps each week and share their experiences with it however since I was new they reset the entire meeting to step one and spent an hour going around sharing their memories of their first AA meeting and what in their lives led to it and how much AA has helped their lives since then. I never felt pressured to speak unless I wanted to which was one of my biggest fears. But most of all I've never felt so immediately welcomed and cared for in my life before. There were people there sober from 2 months all the way to 2+ decades and they all just wanted to stay sober and make sure I could too. This might finally be what I needed to keep this badge reset permanent and I'd encourage anyone nervous about AA to just give it a shot. I understand experiences can vary widely but if you find the right spot for you I think it could make a huge difference.
----------immediate responses--------

Outstanding!  Congratulations on walking through the door...They're grateful you're there!  They have to give it away to keep it!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Aa gave me my life back good luck!
aa is the cornerstone of my recovery.  really pleased to hear you had a positive first experience. 
If I were a mod I'd sticky this post. This is much the same experience I had with AA - walking in full of fear and trepidation ("what if they think I'm too hopeless and don't want me?" "Is this a cult?") - and walking out full of hope and excitement. It may not be for everyone but it works for a lot of people and you'll never know until you try.
Awesome! When I opened up to the idea of receiving help from other people my recovery became so much easier. 
I too had a similar experiance ............. and I look forward to meetings :)
Thank you for the report!  Good for you for having the courage to try something different.  If anyone wants to give AA a look see...the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
Awesome! I have AA to thank for my sobriety I know for a fact I couldn't have done it alone. Just be open minded and teachable and everything will work out.
