-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bkrxc/this_struggle_is_brutal/

just when i think i've got this boozing thing licked it comes back even more devious than before to try and fool you...well goes to show (for me anyway) that its best to be humble and careful in this thing. every time i get all proud of myself and start looking back whistfully on my sober date it all goes down the toilet and i re-meet my old friend drinkerman. of course i don't know soberguy very well either. kind of like being the new guy everywhere you go.
----------immediate responses--------

Because the "struggle is brutal" I got help. I could not stay sober one day. Finally I was desperate and willing to do whatever it took to get well. A therapist rehab outpatient treatment and AA gave me the tools needed to build the sober happy life I have today. '..I hope you find the support you need and deserve.
It's not easy but it's worth it. Podcasts stopdrinking subreddit replacement drinks (lacroix) and sweets were the things I needed most at the beginning of sobriety. Those were crucial and a tight knit group of very close friends to stay accountable to. Some days aren't nearly as hard as others. It's a process and some days you have to take it hour by hour. Good luck and IWNDWYT!
 Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me .... Gomer Pyle...I got fooled several times!
[removed]
Well said there grasshopper.   Drinkerman yes I know him all too well.  Mr. Hyde or that son of a bitch who lives in my head and lies to me in my own voice   Lots of names for it but it's something this alcoholic understands.  He is a demeaning bastard always beating me up over something like a constant negative background noise in my head.  I have said shut the fuck up! to that voice but he is intrusive and keeps coming back.  He comes back less when I connect with this sub when I go to a meeting when I try and do the right thing  when I get further away from my last drink.  I don't think that I will ever get rid of him but with the help of others I have been able to keep him in his cage.  
