-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bmkqq/delirium_tremens_completed_going_on_day_4_of_my/

If ya read my story just on Monday I was admitted to the ER for basically alcohol poisoning and withdrawals. I was finishing up a week long bender of an excessive amount of booze and was completely black out this whole week and realized I'm a maniac I have work and a family I've been driving drunk and I already had a past DUI. Well I put down the drink and within hours I was convulsions and going into cramps and shock by myself on my living room floor just really nasty stuff yes I said I have a wife and daughter but they don't stay with me in Germany at the moment because I'm leaving the army in 30 days. So by myself just couldn't move because cramps and throwing up I could function and move some but it was hard and basically I was dying finally I work my way up to being able to DRIVE to my buddies barracks room only 2 miles away but later you'll find this insane that it was possible. He took me to the ER and I'm just completely not cool spitting at nurses and just in psychosis. They took blood urine throw up and tested it all. I could rant and tell ya all 2 pages of shit I was going through like seeing demons and hearing carnival music and wicked stuff for 3 days in a row. I even ripped my IV and catheter out because I thought it was insects in my body. ..Now i was tranquilized multiple times but my adrenaline was so outrageous because I have panic agoraphobia and anxiety and it causes me to release insane amounts of adrenaline so basically I was an adrenaline alcoholic withdrawing monster fighting everything. Now when I came to I learned I went into shock because my potassium in my blood was dangerously low (hypokalimic) also now this amazes me how I'm alive before from the 10 hours I set down my last drink and started withdrawels and by the time I was laying in the hospital and they first took blood my BAC was a .31 and that was essentially 12 hours after I had stopped. From my understanding that's like your dying and somehow I drove like that so ridiculous I could have killed someone but in a way I thank my panic disorder because it gave me the adrenaline I needed to hang in and get help or I'd been dead folks. Basically I'm looking at a .40 BAC before I set down the bottle. ..After 4 days of hell I've been discharged and now I'm finishing up the rest of day 4 sobriety and I feel like ass still. Some sad part of me thought about grabbing some beer earlier too but I stopped myself and hopefully I just can remember that hell I've been through and keep talking to guys like the ones who read my full delirium tremens while I was going through them I was chatting with a couple guys in the states where I was awake. I can't believe I have already been craving it again it's so sad. I have to repeat when I see alcohol like a chant or ritual to have the balls to say no! ..Hey it's a struggle but I will catch up to you guys one day and after my 30 days are up I'm going to enter a 12 step program and group in Alexandria Louisiana. I thank you all and I hope ya have some advice or feedback on this hellish story of my experience. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your service. My wife is US Army. ..Wow that's quite an intense experience.  I'm glad you made it.  Do your have any support grous available to check in with or a therapist you can lean on? Going from Delerium Tremens to white-knuckling alone sounds challenging...
8 year USAF vet here. Wish I could have quit before I separated. ..You might get a jump start by finding an English speaking AA meeting in Germany. I have heard lots of good things about the English meetings there. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Man that is some scary shit!!  Next time you think about beer you should remember that carnival music...that would scare me straight !
Hang in there buddy. When it looks like easy street there is danger at your door. Congrats on making it to this side alive lets make the best of it together. IWNDWYT...Sending love and good vibes from Kentucky.
Save this post somewhere convenient. Reread it and remember what you've been through when you feel like drinking again. ..I reread my own posts so I don't forget how much pancreatitis hurt. Most of the DTs are a blank in my mind but I remind myself of the anxiety and terror I started to feel when they started to come on and the realization of what happened when I came out of them (basically I found myself on involuntary hold and had my arms strapped to the bed because I'd attacked a nursing aide who was trying to convince me that my hallucinations weren't real and I was buying any of that)..Read up on the Kindling effect - it is very real. The next relapse will be even worse. I don't see a way to be worse than I was and be able to live through it.......
So glad you made it out and to the other side!!.It really helps me to come here often and listening to This Naked Mind by Annie Grace was a life saver.   Welcome to this wonderful sub where so many people understand and care.  .IWNDWYT!
Man this hits home.  I think I'm in a similar place to you and it sounds like our backgrounds are similar too.  I've been relapsing big time in the past 3 months and the kindling effect is real. I saw the demons and know exactly what the carnival music sounds like.  I've been going to AA meetings at the VA now for a couple of months and got a sponsor and it helps.  Every time I walk out of a meeting I feel a little stronger and at the very least not alone.  I think people like us really need the structure especially when it's extremely difficult to avoid alcohol in our environments.  It feels like it's everywhere and our brains are the most vulnerable right now.  ..I don't know everything to say other than hang in there and think of where a single sip takes us: to insanity.  Life can turn around if you want it badly enough.  I'm in the fight with you. 
