-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bobqk/help_with_binge_drinking_in_the_military/

I'm getting dangerously close to jeopardizing my career in the Marine Corps and I just began a year and a half ago and after my problem found its way up my chain of command through my peers and senior leadership I've determined it's best to kill this problem before it ruins me. I've tried to stop drinking before and it led to a  relapse  at a party in the barracks and every attempt since then has met a similar fate. I know it comes down to discipline but getting drunk is the only way I feel happy again or at least as happy as I can be in the middle of a desert. What can I do to fix this without ruining my career and what has worked for the members of this sub? 
----------immediate responses--------

If you want to stop drinking check out the sidebar for lots of good ideas.  What worked for me was every time I wanted a drink I did something else or sat on my hands and watched T.V.  I am not sure my way can help you out in bumfuck. . I wrote a whole bunch more but it all read like crap.    Next time you feel the need to drink come back here.  We are here for you...IWNDWYT 
Tough spot. The thing that worked for me was taking it one day at a time. Many people have found some insight in reading the book This Naked Mind. Plus I came here a lot and read and posted and avoided all parties and alcohol situations for quite a while.
I had 8 years in the USAF and know all about binge drinking. Luckiky for me I got involved in sports and was able to put it down for most of my enlistment. I wish I had quit then. It took me 10 years after I got out to finally get sick and tired of being sick and tired. ..I couldn't do it on my own. I had to go to AA meetings. I hope you can kick that shit now. I learned it was the first drink that got me in trouble. Not the 3rd or the 5th. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. Many of them have online meetings. ..Good luck bud. IWNDWYT 
Alcohol is a chemical compound and a drug...Discipline and willpower aren't necessarily effective against drugs.  If they were then no one who completes boot camp would ever have a problem right?..Support and connection are the antidote to drugs...I asked for support and attended recovery meetings...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Marines are the most ferocious drinking force in the world but when a threat is identified (in this case drinking) the most ferocious fighting force. When I decided to attack my drinking I assumed drinking as the enemy and fell back to training as if I was following yellow foot prints. Learning everything I could about the enemy and thinking of conops for every situation. I used resources likeAA though I am not super fond of it Reddit asap. If You contact the Marine Corps substance-abuse combat center (SACC) You can preemptively get help before your career is damaged. The motto of SACC  is Protect what you've earned meaning your career. Marines can enter at any level Prevention intervention treatment whatever. There are behavioral classes online and in person. You could request to be trained as The SACO For your unit there by getting yourself the help you need becoming a resource for any other of your fellow Marines who may need help show leadership to your command that you are addressing a Potential issue in your unit before operational readiness is diminished...So you have Accepted that you have a problem. Improvise adapt overcome And you may very well come out Unscathed and better than before!..Semper Fi 
I sympathize with you that situation sounds tough and inescapable.  So you have to figure out a way to "get away" without the chemicals.  I know it's not a sexy answer but one thing that has really helped me is meditation.  Trust me I know the eye rolls because I used to have them too...  At my times of intense craving I either had to get busy or calm my mind and think about where my decision to drink would take me.  It's going to be the same story over and over.  The urge is for the momentary release.  The way you said "getting drunk is the only way I feel happy again" is shortsighted if you think it all the way through.  I used to have the same pattern of thinking.  The truth is though that it is a momentary distraction that releases chemicals.  Inevitably the moment will pass and your chemicals will fire in the opposite direction.  Drinking is short sighted *pleasure not happiness.* ..I don't know what to tell you in terms of finding happiness but I do know for sure the longer the drinking goes on the longer you will feel the pain of insanity.  I want better for you man.
