-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bol2d/thinking_about_relapse/

I've been doing fine. In fact I've been doing the best I've ever done. At 74 days i feel like I've changed my life a tremendous amount...But *right now.* Right now I want to drink. I want to numb my pain. My only support is over 2 hours away. I'm so allergic to my new kitty that I got myself for a 2 month present...I just feel awful. ..I'm gonna try and find a way through this instead of blindly boozing past it. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Aw shoot bummer about the allergies. Sugar always helped me when I wanted a drink I keep chocolate in the house at all times...Nice work on 74!
Aw shoot bummer about the allergies. Sugar always helped me when I wanted a drink I keep chocolate in the house at all times...Nice work on 74!
Aw shoot bummer about the allergies. Sugar always helped me when I wanted a drink I keep chocolate in the house at all times...Nice work on 74!
Sorry to hear about the allergies.  Stay strong! You are very close to a major milestone: 90. days.  Everyone's journey is different but 90 was a breakthrough for me.  Keep on one day at a time!  For me relapsing is going back into the nightmare.  IWNDWYT 
Could you go for a walk to get some fresh air and be able to breathe?  I find that a walk helps me out.  If I feel like a drink I take a walk.  After a mile if I still feel like a drink I will go for another mile.  I walked 8.5 miles today and didn't drink a drop.  Let the kitty be for a little while and just get some you time.  Hopefully that would help.
Aw kitty &lt;3 I'm sure you'll get used to your kitty soon. My husband was allergic but got over our own cats pretty quickly. We vacuumed frequently for the first couple months until he acclimated...In the meantime a drink won't help unfortunately but it can always make things worse.
Hang in there. Is there something you can do to distract yourself for the next 15 minutes 1 hour 2 hours?
You know what would make those allergies feel worse? A hangover.
Sadly craving still happens. Don't think about relapse get busy and active. Thinking about relapse is self-defeating. ..Talk to a doctor about getting your cat allergy treated. ..
That stinks about the kitty.  But you just chose to post instead of drinking.  Hang in there (and maybe take an allergy pill?)
My hardest craving hit me at around 70 days. I was seeking that familiar comfort even though I realized that ultimately it would leave me feeling worse. For your own sake I really hope you don't give in. I didn't recognize some of the bigger benefits of not drinking until much farther down the road. Whatever you are feeling right now it is ok that you feel that way and it will pass.    
