-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bw6ic/being_an_artist/

To all of you out there who struggle with drinking who are also creative types I'd like to hear your experiences.  I've previously gone sober for over 6 years and was creative here and there -- in some cases very productive.  I was born creative so therefore it's a part of me.  However I have experienced an on/off relapse pattern for the past year and I'm troubled by how much my creative output is tied to drinking.  I feel so profound when I'm drunk or even a little buzzed.  I'm at the piano for hours.  Writing.  Painting.  You name it I do it.  I know I can do this sober but it's like drinking throws me straight into creative flow and I'm not inhibited by the kind of blocks that I otherwise experience.  This is the case with another really creative spell when in my 20s I created hundreds of paintings over about 5 years was wildly successful --- but all the while was drinking and smoking pot.  I want to hear some stories about how people have dealt with this because I really feel that within the pain I have experienced (and in many cases caused myself) there is a wellspring of content from which to draw... but it is obscured to me right now and I feel so empty.
----------immediate responses--------

I am an artist for a living. In my craft lots of people know me and I have some  fame  in our little bubble. I always felt that gave me an excuse to drink.. you know reading and watching movies about all of the famous artists from the past and their love of the bottle. ..But in reality for me I did my best when I had deadlines and had to stay clear headed and sober. Drinking only made me lazy and unproductive. I am struggling now with my lack of output from drinking and depression. ..I'm only on day 5... again.. but I feel inspired to create once more. ..I hope you find your muse again soon and IWNDWYT
Check out r/soberart 
I was married to an alcoholic artist. He thought he was better and more productive when drinking. In reality while he could whip out lots of pieces while heavily drinking a good percentage were really just not good. Sober it would take him longer to finish a piece but they were 10 times better. So it might help to focus on the quality of your creativity vs. quantity.
Thanks! I am working on a piece right now which is rather dark. I'm trying to capture what the demon (alcohol) looks like and what the withdrawals i am experiencing feel like into it. If I may suggest if you are feeling empty try and bring that feeling into your art. Or just take a break for a bit and that's okay. We got this! 
I used to paint- and it was very disappointing painting while drunk.  I mean I *could* but it wasn't nearly as productive or good.  It wasn't the same it was only a fragment of that creative high.  I hope you find it in yourself to find it again it really hits the spot.  IWNDWYT 
Alcohol just lowers your standards of what's acceptable...I'm a musician songwriter and photographer. My art is starting to come together now after a long time. 
Ugh yes it's the worst. I write and it's my full time gig so I do it because I have to but to be completely honest with you it hasn't come back to me yet like I hoped it would. The process of stopping has been rewarding on the whole but that part has been really hard and sad and scary and though a lot of people have told me that they saw the quality of their work improve I honestly haven't noticed mine getting any better yet. My job is all I've ever wanted to do so I hope and believe that I'll start loving it again sooner or later. Sorry this might not be that encouraging but you're not alone and what I've been doing is sitting down and making myself do it even though I don't feel like it in an attempt to retrain the muscle. Good luck. 
I'm on a phone and in a noisy place so this is a bit jumbled but here goes; I wrote a wild novel while drunk. At that time in my life drinking released floodgates of creativity. After a few years the creative engine drowned in this wretched fuel. I dreid up couldn't focus or get work done. Now it's back not quite as wild as ten years ago and still fragile but much deeper. Same but different. So my take on this is: I used to think that creativity and alcohol were connected. I've realized that I'm in between there; creativity is connected to my mental health (dare I say spirituality?) and alcohol affects that health. So my creativity is really linked to me feeling good in my own skin having time to spare and peace of mind. Once alcohol actually gave me that  inspiring great stuff  (lol!). Now alcohol does all the opposite. It clouds me and binds me. I have changed as a person though and being disconnected from my creativity I do need to dicover it anew. My creativity is still healing from the thorough beating it got and the more I rediscover it the more I realize that the engine is still there has always been will always be. It's awesome it's being gifted a new dimension known but unknown. IWNDWYT 
I have loads of songs I recorded while drinking.  I would get on a roll and think I was crushing it and keep going.  There is some good stuff.  There's also a ton of crap.  It finally got to the point where I would get too wasted to play and everything sucked. ..Now I can be so much more open to the process and not judge so much while playing.  Just letting the muse come by and see what happens.  Getting sober  has helped me to get to the creative side quicker and with more frequency.  And I can play longer because I am not drunk and my brain and fingers work better.  I can still be as uninhibited as I want and have done some music that I never would have imagined while drinking. ..Looking forward to seeing how it goes for you.  You still have a ton of art to create.  Interested in seeing how it manifests if you are sober. You might surprise yourself!...
Have you read The Artist's Way? In the beginning she writes about getting sober and her fear that it would hurt her writing. Spoiler alert - she does get sober and her creativity is freed up in unexpected ways! IWNDWYT 
My take on it. Drink lessens inhibition. Those of us who are highly self-critical may do well for a while by knocking out the critic. It works better when you are young.  Alcohol damages the brain (and the rest of the body) so things tend to decline over time.  Check out *A Trip to Echo Spring* which is about six brilliant writers and "alcoholism."   My creativity seems now connected to how authentic and conscious  I am willing to be.  I was red-pencilled  so severely by my father during my school days that I could barely write at all for several years.  Decades have somewhat lessened my fear. 
