-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9byciu/i_want_to_drink_tonight/

I work at a place that sells beer and I'm really craving myself a porter 6-pack. I get off in 2 hours and I really really want that 6-pack to crack open tonight while I play video games...Nothing bad will come of polishing off a six pack tonight but I will be $12 short and it may probably open the door to me relapsing again in a few days. I've been without alcohol for about 16 days now and I'm very proud of it. But I want that six pack. ..My therapist says I need to reach out to my friends when I have these urges but I'm too cowardly to text my parents or girlfriend right now. And I really want that six pack.
----------immediate responses--------

You'll be proud of yourself when you don't and tomorrow you won't start with regrets!! You know both are true! I am right there with you want my wine tonight... But I am not going to!!!!
I totally understand. I am trying to not drink tonight too. I believe we both definitely can do this. Waking up sober is pretty awesome. 
Something bad WILL come from it. Don't kid yourself. That alcohol will inflict damage on every single organ and send them into a frenzied overdrive. 
I really enjoyed the taste of porters so I can relate. What I do whenever I get a  drink alcohol  craving is drown it with non-alcoholic drinking. Normally three glasses of tonic and lime are enough. Does it work for me? Well it's worked every time so far. Yesterday I was in an airport lounge and sculled ginger ale and a hot chocolate  as the rows of free beer seemed tempting. The other thing I use to quell cravings is chocolate...(First letter of each sentence).
What you need to do is to make a list of consequences.  A list of all of the bad shit that happens when you start drinking when drinking was at your worst. Keep that list in your pocket or pin it to your wall! (I do both) and read it in these moments...Don't lie to yourself all that will come from that 6 pack is regret. 
Yep.  No kidding BAD idea.  Walk straight out the door after work and you'll be wishing you hadn't- drink it and you'll still be wishing you hadn't.  Right?  16 days rocks you've got good momentum built up I swear this: it's easier to keep going.  You've got one 24 hour day to complete you got this.  PS sometimes I had to go to bed early and stay there.  I'd read or whatever but it was an easy out for the rest of the night.  IWNDWYT 
You'll play better if you are not drinking. I used to think I was much better drunk but I really wasn't.
I try to play the tape forward in this kind of situations. Do you think you will wake up tomorrow morning regretting you were not drinking?
 What do you want even more? 
I'm right there with you. I would KILL for an IPA tonight. This is only my second weekend too and I really don't know why. The only thing holding me back is knowing what will come of it: the painful anxiety and hopelessness disappointment having to reset my badge and having to look at my family and friends with empty eyes and them knowing I fucked up. All for what? A few hours of numb? It doesn't make sense that we're craving with context but alcohol really twists our minds and all we can do is power through and try to heal. Stay strong brother as I try as well. IWNDWYT!
