-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c0ewp/any_lengths_necessary/

Day 22 ive relapsed before again and again right around day 30. So in preparation what does to "any lengths" has meant to you? What have you done that falls into going to any length to maintain your sobriety? What have you been told it can mean? 
----------immediate responses--------

For me working the 12 steps thoroughly and to the best of my ability even though I don't want to and am terrified of it.
Just be strong and talk to someone before things get crazy. Get a sponsor 
For me it meant going to meetingswhen I wanted to and when I didn't want to. It meant getting a sponsor because other people that had been sober longer than me told me that was the best way to stay sober. It meant talking to people when I wanted to be left alone. It meant doing service work even if that meant cleaning ashtrays and making coffee even though I have never smoked and I don't drink coffee. Once it even meant throwing myself on the dloor and telling myself if I was going to go get a drink I was going to have to crawl like a dog to go in the kitchen and pour it. ..It means doing anything and everything humanly possible to keep from taking that next drink. Over time it got easier. By the end of that first year my obsession with alcohol and alcoholism was removed.  But it took work. It took a lot kess work than covering up my drinking but it did take work. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Stay on here. Look at the triggers and have a plan. If your trigger is Saturday night for example plan something that will not allow for alcohol maybe cinema or drive to see a friend. Most of it is habits. Sober people sober places. If something is too risky at this point just say no like a party or a trip to the bar. Reading and podcast are a great way to pass the witching hour away. I love the Rachel hart podcast she takes about new evidence ie drink telling us that we need a drink in a Friday night for example. The first Friday without alcohol is hard but when we do it we have new evidence that really we don't need a drink on a Friday night slowly but surely our belief around alcohol changes. Being sober increases our energy and willpower so it's easier to say no to a drink. I see alcohol like a merrygoround it's really hard to get off it and one drink leads to another but when you get off you can look at it spinning around and ask yourself what was that all about. We are human and we can take control back. You are strong don't be controlled by a liquid in a bottle 
