-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c50jd/back_into_my_old_alcoholic_ways_without_the/

82 days - I can't believe that's where I'm at. I've been thinking about sobriety in terms of months but when I see my badge the day count makes me even more proud of where I'm at....The most surprising thing about sobriety has been everything I've learned about myself. I'm impatient and want instant gratification. I want my brain to stop romanticizing alcohol and to never want it again. I want to be a year sober right now. Maybe it's the notorious pink cloud floating away but the past few weeks have been the toughest from me. I've come dangerously close to relapse a few times. I've slipped back into feeding other addictions like being glued to social media and smoking cigarettes. I've noticed the happiness and enthusiasm I had in early sobriety disappear and I'm back into my old ways of going into shame and depressive spirals. And the lying. I'm no longer having to lie about how much I drank today but I'm lying to others about how great I feel and the things I've been doing to protect my sobriety. I've gone back to being an active alcoholic without the drinking. It happened gradually enough that I didn't notice it and today I feel like I'm back to square one. ...Every part of me is resisting the changes I need to make to be happy again. I don't want to do the work because it's hard. Typing that out makes me realize how stupid it sounds. Thank you for reading - just being able to put how I'm feeling into words feels like a start.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work on 82!
We all do what have to to protect our sobriety. I commend your honesty. You say your going back to old ways. Maybe a pro's and con's list written out for you to go over. Give it time- we all want instant gratification but the things you work hard for are worth the most. I personally have just said no to alcohol and I do everything to keep it from my mind. I make mental intentions of what I want and move towards that. I keep everything else out of my  minds vision. It's been working for me. It could be that I really really want to succeed and I refuse to fail. My mind is made up. You are doing so well. Congrats on your 82 days- try patience just a bit.. :) IWNDWYTD
A lot of us were broken people before the alcohol - stopping drinking doesn't cure that we have to find other means of help to cure ourselves. Putting that energy into other addictions is not really progressive. Therapy new hobbies new friends developing a new outlook on life these are things that can help. I can't speak for you but I know for me that even the hint of a thought about drinking sets off a giant red light buzzer bell for me that I am allowing myself to mentally backslide. So then I go back to focusing on what I know works: One. Motherfucking. Day. At. A. Time. I will not drink with you today.
This is exactly how I felt and how I still feel. Working on Step 7 and being patient with myself. Thank you for taking the time to write this post. Lying about how many meetings Im going to... sheesh Ive done that
Thank you for posting buddy. :) 
Kudos for 82 days /u/Cat_Pickle!..I'm sorry you are struggling. I needed lots of help to get well. I was not a happy camper to realize that there was more to it than simply not drinking. A therapist nudged me onto the road to recovery. AA meetings a sponsor and working the steps gave me the tools to build the sober happy life I have today. ..I hope you find the support you need and deserve. Going it alone is lonely. I think sobriety is easier and more fun with help.
Wow. I could have written this myself and I'm 82 days today too. I have been honest with some friends today for the first time when I had to leave a party early as I knew i couldn't handle not drinking surrounded by people I used to love getting smashed with being hedonistic and self-destructive. I felt uncomfortable in my own skin and needed to leave and yet at the same time I really  really wanted to stay. It was odd and scary and sad all at the same time and made me realise I'm very far from being out of the woods yet! I'm at home now. Safe. I think the fact that you have acknowledged how you're feeling means you're safe too and doesn't sound like a square one moment but another step on this epic journey that we are on a journey that certainly isn't for the faint hearted! IWNDWYT
I can relate. so. hard. I'm right there with you right now. Resisting going to my meeting tonight because of the major panic attack that happened at the last one I was at one week ago now. I'm literally scared to go. But everything else you've said too I relate. I feel at a weird block right now too. I feel stuck and not as happy as I used to be either even just a month ago or so. Could be for other personal/relationship issues reasons too but it feels bigger than that even. I have no words of wisdom for you. Only that I won't drink with you today. {{Gentle hugs}} 
Your post makes me think of two things: first how hard the first year is and second how grateful I am for AA. ..First everyone's first year of sobriety is hard because our minds are still trying to recover their chemical equilibrium. Remember we loaded those minds with alcohol for years and alcohol is a depressant. When we stop drinking and our minds are freed from alcohol they bounce around like puppets on springs. *That's why you can feel great one day and then feel like crap the next.* Once I realized that I wasn't losing my motivation or the pink cloud was wearing off but that I was just on the down turn of that emotional roller coaster it was a lot easier to deal with them. ..The second thing I'm grateful for is AA. AA gave me a program to work on that did two things: first it helped get rid of the guilt and shame so I could sleep at night and second it helped me work on the faults that I had to change before I could be happy again. ..And since the last sentence of paragraph above sounds a lot like the first sentence of your last paragraph I leave you to draw your own conclusions. ..Remember you're just on the downswing of the rollercoaster - ride it out and you'll be back on top soon. Good luck and IWNDWYT. 
Hi friend I think I can relate to a lot of how you are feeling right now being in a similar stage of recovery to you. I have been reading up a lot recently on "dry drunk" syndrome[here is a really good blog explaining it](https://www.discoveryplace.info/addiction-blog/dry-drunk-an-in-depth-explanation-of-the-dry-drunk-in-recovery/) and other books such as "this naked mind" by Annie grace.. .This is also a very good resource I just was introduced to...I feel like once you get past the initial stage the euphoria starts to wear off and you are confronted with a clear unfiltered view of yourself and you might not always like what you see at least I don't. I find being patient keeping busy and reading as much self help resources I can has been helping (somewhat haha)...Good luck my friend I will not drink with you today.
The fact that you realize all that is a good sign.  Changing who we are to what we want to be is a daily life long battle.  I  go to therapy to help with a lot of the same problems you've described. If you were drinking it certainly wouldn't help.  Hang in there.  IWNDWYT
thats how it works your brain gets used to it and sobriety's not thrilling anymore its the new normal.
I found that there were certain milestones where relapse was more likely. 90 days is one of them...It helped me a lot to know others struggled at those times too...Search "90 days" in r/stopdrinking. I hope it helps.
Sounds like you're doing great to me - progress not perfection. keep on keeping on!
Thanks for writing this I feel I'm in the same exact situation. I called in sick to work today which is something o did all the time when I was drinking....but I had no reason and the guilt is killing me. I feel like a useless piece of garbage....but I won't drink because I know it will be so much worse. Hang in there we got this I think there's always just gonna be good and bad days.  
This past week has been so fucking rough man ... I've made it longer than this before in my life many times but they have always been with the promise of rewarding the abstinence with a casual stroll back through alcoholic lane.  ..Like how fucking stupid is that I can give it up for a set amount of time if I know I'll be going back under ... But give it up for good for the first time and I'm fucking dying in a shorter amount of time. ..But IWNDWYT ... You know why? ..I've been steady on my diet buying new clothes new job just bought a new car drawing and painting again and I'm even thinking about going back to the gym. Waking up everyday BEFORE my alarm goes off at 430am instead of just passing out as the birds start chirping. ..Fuck you alcohol. ..HMU the next time sobriety is pissing you off ... I'll help you remember all the dumb fucking ways it's better. ..And you're not the only one to find other addictions again ... 
If anything days 60-90 were hardests for me. Maybe it was summer and a busy tourist season at work but I was so filled with resentment and impatience. I find quitting drinking gives us ups and downs. A rough first 2 weeks a month of happiness a month of blah. Feeling much better now but I know I'll be rough again. AA and sober friends have helped me. So has meditating. Also I blew beer money on things like a new musical instrument a new bed and lovely blakets. I'm adulting for the first time in ages if not ever. I guess what I'm saying is try to stick through it. Life has it's ups and downs both while drinking and after we stop. We need to learn to deal with it in a new personal way. Not drinking makes things a whole lot easier to deal with without the hangovers low energy and wasted money. There'll be good times again. Patience is hard but in hindsight it's rewarding. IWNDWYT!
