-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c8e6n/what_is_wrong_with_me_is_this_rebound_anxiety_or/

I had 115 days of sobriety and then drank on my birthday two weeks ago.  One day of drinks then straight back to sobriety...I wasn't hungover the next day but I noticed a huge uptick in anxiety for almost a week after those drinks.  Then things were back to normal for a week.  Today I am absolutely consumed with anxiety.  I have no idea where it came from it just crept up on me this morning and until it became a five alarm fire.  I have been fighting tears all day my chest is tight and I feel panicky I feel overwhelmed with a feeling of dread.  ..I used to feel like this all the time.  All the damn time.  For years it got worse and worse until I was nearly housebound for a few months.  When I quit drinking earlier this year it blissfully melted away and I have felt incredibly stable and just...content for the last four months.  I felt completely grounded and back in control.  Then I drank on my birthday and two weeks later I feel like I am spiraling out of control...Is it possible this is still rebound anxiety from one night of drinks two full weeks ago?  My biggest fear right now is that maybe my anxiety is not entirely due to my drinking that this might be who I am whether I am sober or drunk.  I was so relieved when my anxiety just vanished when I quit drinking - it felt like something I could control.  I hate the idea that I may still struggle with anxiety even if I am not drinking.  ..To be clear I am not considering drinking.  Even if drinking is not the only cause of my anxiety it has certainly been a huge contributing factor.  I am not about to fall down that rabbit hole because I am feeling sorry for myself at the moment.  
----------immediate responses--------

Post acute withdrawal. It will take a while to recover and bouts of anxiety are common. If you think it is an issue talk to a doctor. 
Google the Kindling Effect and PAWS (Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome).
The anxiety can be crippling.  Be kind to yourself.  You've not drank for quite a while and had a slip.  We've all been there.  The gym or yoga is a nice cure for anxiety.  Even taking a walk and just having some time to yourself.  Being aware of your feelings can be hard.  Awareness is part of mindfulness.  With an awareness and not a reaction to your feelings your starting to take control of your own life back.   Tonight I will be in my bed  is often something I repeat to myself when I feel anxious or mad or just that heaviness of life.  One day at a time.   
Strangers on the internet can't answer your question very well. Take a deep breath. It may be temporary. If not see a psychiatrist for an evaluation. I did and it helped a great deal. There are safer treatments for anxiety than alcohol. 
don't freak out too much.  If you really felt incredibly grounded for your first four months of sobriety that's pretty incredible.  I'm still wrecked with anxiety at 8 months.  The line between mental issues and physical withdrawal issues isn't as clear as you might think.  Drinking a couple weeks ago could have triggered a lot of subconscious worrying about whether you should start drinking again.  Restoked old fires.  
