-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9caaxe/wean_off_or_cold_turkey/

Hello..This is a throwaway account since my wife knows my reddit account...I guess I'm what you'd call a functioning alcoholic. I drink excessively but it doesn't interfere with my home life or work life. As my wife said when we first met and partied "Oh he's drunk alright. He's just good at hiding it it :P."..As above my drinking doesn't interfere with my day to day life. And I never touch a drink before 4pm which a lot of people find normal. But once I'm home for the night and once my wife is asleep I will down about a mickey of whiskey before I sleep a few hours after her (at first while playing DS now while using my phone). My wife falls asleep I play on my phone until I drink enough to fall asleep...The next morning I'm so used to the aftermath that it doesn't effect work. I've been drinking heavily for years and nobody is the wiser...I've always known I have a problem but always put it on the backburner of issues I choose to focus on. Then my wife got a job which had 3pm - 11pm shifts. All of a sudden I have all my evening to myself. I started a routine of getting rid of hard liquor but having 4 big (473ml 7%) singles of drinks between 7pm to 11pm while playing video games. Then my wife would come home at 11:30 I'd have one small whiskey and coke and go to sleep. From her perspective I do drink but its "just one whiskey and coke a night so not that bad." ..I still kept telling myself I need to eventually stop but for now it's ok. Then her shifts changed and she started coming home at 8. I had such a routine set up between 7 - 11 that her coming home at 8 threw it off. I kept the routine but changed it from 7 - 11 to 4 - 8. I would feel like absolute shit between 8 and bedtime and she started to notice. She's started to raise concerns; concerns that I've personally had for almost 10 years. ..It helped me realize "Shit... I'm getting smashed between 4 to 8... and the rest of my night is shit. But even before that the time leading up to sleep was shit."..I've known for a long time that I need to quit. But now if feels a lot more real...How do I go about doing this? My key factors are NO ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS and NO FAMILY FINDING OUT. They've never known or even been suspicious of me having a drinking problem. I want to keep it that way and not be awkward. Nothing would be worse than "oh hey man I guess you have a drinking problem. It's cool." People have never known of my problem because  I'm a master of hiding it and it doesn't effect my social life so I don't want people knowing I'm fixing it...Should I stop cold turkey or wean off? I've heard pros and cons of both. The key factor here is I want to keep people oblivious. I know cold turkey is hard on the body but I also know weaning off has a tendency to relapse...Any help or pointers will be greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol withdrawal can very literally be deadly as you might already know. Could you see a doctor discreetly? They'd be able to help the best. If not then weaning off does work (done it before many times) and should be much safer than cold turkey. If you need to figure out a schedule there's this (http://hams.cc/taper/) &amp; other resources.
I was a heavy secret day drinker for the last 6 years at least and it messed my evenings up as well. I'm on day 7 and I didn't tell my husband I quit until last night. I told him super casually like oh hey I decided to quit drinking don't make a big deal about it though. He just said oh okay I can support that. As much as I think I was hiding how bad I had gotten I am sure now he knows and we may talk about it someday more deeply. You could also say you are doing a  30 day challenge  kind of thing. ..I didn't want to make a big deal about it and cry everyday and make it all about my sobriety with him. So I did go to an A.A. meeting.  But most of my support seems to be coming from this sub. I got sober for me and not for anyone else so I am fighting the war alone and with you all here. Sorry to ramble on but the not wanting to let people know really is relatable. ..I couldn't tell you what is better for you going cold turkey or not.. I did it though and have withdrawals still but they are manageable. Feels like I have a flu without all of the snot. You got this! 
I was living the giant lie for years. I was *really* good at hiding my drinking from my wife and friends too. A big key to getting sober is being honest with those closest to you. You'd be amazed how good it feels not to have to formulate lies day in and day out. I didn't realize how stressful hiding my drinking really was. Planning out deceit was exhausting. You don't have to broadcast the full extent of your problem but you may want to tell your wife "Look I've been drinking more than I should while you're at work and I want to stop." Being honest with the people closest to you will hold you accountable and strengthen your support network.        .I had to be open and honest with my doctor. Tapering didn't work for me because I didn't have the willpower. I had medication from my doctor in order to deal with the withdrawal.    .Just remember: alcoholism is a progressive disease. "Functioning" alcoholism is just one stage in the downward spiral. Some of us take longer to reach the bottom than others but it *always* gets worse...
You can allways try at the begining to keep it secretly from your family. But for your own sake you should go and be honest with your doctor about your drinking in order to make recovery plans. My doctor detoxed me and pointed me to psichotherapy to deal with the rooth of my drinking problem. Once a week you can go to therapy. Regarding AA I am not attending it yet but I will give it a try. It is also up to you. My main support is SD. A lot of people here are really supportive. And one tip get rid of booze from your house. It is not good to have it arround. Keep yourself busy plan your days excersize and do it one day at the time. It is doable not easy sometimes but doable. All the best and keep us posted :) IWNDWYT!!!
