-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ce642/my_10_year_anniversary/

Today is the day. I just hit 10 years. I've thought about what I was going to say but I don't really have anything definitive in mind so I hope you don't mind me rambling a little bit. (okay fine a lot.)..Life isn't all rainbows and unicorns in sobriety. Just being sober doesn't automatically make all the problems we have go away. There was a reason we drank in the first place. I still deal with my own shortcomings although they aren't as bad as they used to be. Progress not perfection ya know? I still struggle with depression sometimes or being closed off from everyone and being alone. I still can have a terrible temper and sink back into that mode where just being angry all the time gets me through. When that happens it's like hanging out with an old friend I haven't seen in years and it feels good. I know it's not good though and I need to pull myself out of it. Practicing a program has helped me more than I can ever comprehend. The person I am today is far away from who I thought I would be as an 18 year old boy on my way to rehab to change my life. ..Sometimes I feel like I'm alone in this group. I hardly ever get to meet anyone who has realized their alcoholism and stopped drinking before they ever took a sip of legal alcohol. When I turned 21 I didn't go out and party with friends because I was already 2.5 years sober. Sometimes I don't feel like I'm worthy enough to post here because I haven't hit the lows some of you have or that I haven't relapsed and had to claw my way back. Feeling like that is dangerous. We all can trick ourselves into thinking that we're not as bad off as the next guy or that we are somehow different. I know I'm an alcoholic. I look at my wife when she has just one glass of wine and I can't comprehend how she can enjoy just one. ..This past April I came the closest to relapse that I ever experienced. My marriage was falling apart. I caught her having an online affair with someone she met through gaming and they were planning for him to fly out to be together and just weeks before that she told me she hadn't felt anything for me for the past 2 years (ever since our daughter was born). I filed for divorce even. All I wanted to do was drink. I was back to white knuckling it again just like I did in the first couple of months of sobriety. All I could think about was just downing a bottle of whiskey to try and not feel that pain in my chest. When she left during one of our arguments I poured every bit of alcohol in the house that she had down the sink. I didn't trust myself. I knew that in a moment of weakness alone at night I wouldn't be able to resist. But I made it though. Sometimes it was down to minute by minute just to not drink. I surrounded myself with friends and family and I worked myself to death just to give me something to occupy my time...Over the last couple of months I've had those stupid alcoholic thoughts pop into my head every now and then. You probably know the ones. The ones about trying to rationalize drinking. Or setting up a date when I wouldn't mind relapsing. It always seems to center around drinking after I celebrate 10 years. Sometimes it will be a thought about planning to drink when my parents pass away as part of a grieving process. My brain will try to trick me and tell me that everyone will understand why I started drinking again because my mom or dad just died. It's those stupid thoughts that you have no control over and they pop up randomly. The secret is to not dwell on them. When they come play the tape forward to the end realize how horrible of an idea that is and dismiss it. If you let those thoughts linger and become a daydream you're setting a ticking time bomb that will eventually lead to a relapse. ..Things are a little better now. The wife and I are trying to move on and repair our marriage and life is slowly getting back to being good. I wouldn't have had that opportunity if I drank. I would have destroyed everything and I know it. I wouldn't be able to say that my daughter has never seen me drunk. ..I don't mean to be a downer but I haven't talked about what I went through much and it still needs to come out. A problem shared is a problem halved. And I want to show everyone to not be complacent in their recovery. You're only ever an arms length away from a drink no matter how much time you have. ..I remember getting to my recovery house in Florida when I was just 4 months sober and very very green. I heard the man who would turn out to be my first sponsor speak at a speaker meeting. He just celebrated 12 years of sobriety. It was unfathomable to me. I couldn't even picture myself going a year. And now look I'm here celebrating 10. I got to this point by just putting one foot in front of the other and taking it a day at a time and by working a program and trying to be a better person than I was the day before. ..I guess I don't really have a point to make in all of this. Hopefully someone will be able to take something away from what I've said. If I had to sum it all up sobriety isn't perfect. It takes a lot more work than I thought it would. But at the same time it's a lot easier now most days than I thought it would be too. It's a strange duality. What I can say no matter how hard or how bad it gets sober drinking won't make it any better. I've watched too many of my friends and some of you fine people make that mistake. ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Well done my friend. I just passed 10 years in December. I was 34 when I quit drinking. I understand your concern about not feeling like you fit in. However you have as much right to sit in the rooms or on SD as anyone else. I wish I quit at 18. I'm glad I quit at 34. I thank God everyday that I'm not the guy coming in at 60. Timing is relative. ..You are an inspiration. Thank you for sharing. 
You still have the experience and alcohol mind so we need your help here!
Brilliant! Very inspiring! ..&amp;#x200B;..Here's to 10 more years!
Thank you for sharing your experiences with us. Congratulations on ten years sobriety! Something I look forward to in a few years...I want to share my experience and strength and hope with you. My wife had an affair ten years ago. It was brutal. We decided that we wanted to stay together anyway and we have done exactly that and we have happiness...She dealt with some of the pain in her life by having an affair. And when we got through that I dealt with some of the pain in my life by drinking. But we're good now...Here's to 10 more years!
Thank you for sharing. ..&gt; I couldn't even picture myself going a year.  ..I cannot imagine 10 years or even 1 year at this point. IWNDWYT
