-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cgr1h/the_day_1_posts_help_me_the_most/

If you're on Day 1 or even before Day 1 please don't hesitate to reach out and tell your story and ask for help. For me I know that when I'd relapse only 2 days after beginning (like 100 times in a row) I'd feel hesitant to post   thinking these people can't want to hear from me and how much I suck again. ..Well that's BS. If it will help you then post reach out. If you're going through hell tell us about it   because we may be able to help you and no matter what hearing from you helps everyone else. When the world  constantly tells us all how great this crappy poisonous liquid is it's nice in a sad sorta way to be reminded from those brave enough to try to quit of the struggles they're seeing. ..Best wishes and love! Thanks everyone for making this the most supportive place on the internet!..-Jack
----------immediate responses--------

I agree. I'm kind of sorry that I agree. My life and my short experience with sober life are not great necessarily. But there is something about comparison with where I was 10 days ago that helps me in a way maybe more than helping the person posting who I am responding to...The best way to learn is to teach. I need somebody with my level of experience or less for that to happen. ..The best way to stay positive is to spread positivity and the new posts are a great place for that too...tldr my comments on the newbie posts help me more than them so thank you for posting! 
Hello! I agree as a struggling relapser I keep resetting because I'm on here!
Good one Jack and I fully agree... communication is a tenuous thing at best.... sometimes we don't hear what is being said ( written ) then someone says it another way and presto some hurting souls gets it! And that's what this place is about.. Iwndwyt 
My day 1 post here was my alternative to taking that one drink! I can go back and read the words in black and white to remind myself why I stopped when I am doubtful. I read everyone's stories and struggles and relate on so many levels. I don't feel so alone and most importantly there is no judgment. I never knew the internet could be so kind and it has totally saved my life this week. Thanks Jack! IWNDWYT 
Those are kind words Jack thank you so much. 
In other words thank you all for making SD necessary!  You know what I mean  .  I agree that coming back here helps 100% more than not coming back.  When you feel to weak to stand on your own you can always lean on us.  SD saves me from another day 1 too.  
We don't shoot our wounded. I heard this in AA and I feel like it applies here too. We've all (most of us I think) have been through countless relapses. We're each others tribe! I finally found people who get me and are showing me the way through recovery. ..Try try again...it seems to stick if you keep trying  ..IWNDWYT    
I agree and I kind of feel bad about it. But then I think about all the day ones I had and maybe if I had reached out maybe I would have stopped digging the hole deeper. The day one posts definitely have kept me from relapse in my 12 short days not only out of fear of going back but also as someone said earlier:  the best way to learn is to teach.  I'm incredibly thankful this sub was here for me and even though I'm new feel the need to pay it forward. 
Exactly what I needed to read but I feel like shit and I suck. I stop for a few days dance the moderation dance and within a day back to drinking too much feeling like shit and ashamed. I have done this dance for weeks and rarely write about it. WTH why why why? I just guzzled 6 or more beers. I need to count. I hid the cans. I know my triggers I know what to do to take my mind off the urges yet when shopping I bought the 12 pack and probably drank most of it. I have gained weight my face is fat or as one coworker said you look fuller. Oh thanks. LOL I drink alone. I binge. I binge a lot. No one knows. I mean NO ONE. I have an appt this week with a therapist I have seen for other "normal" issues and I am going to tell her. Maybe verbalizing it will help.So I sit here feeling like crap awake since 3 am bloated and sick. Oh yea drinking makes me feel good...NOT. What is wrong with me??? 
