-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cpd4r/first_aa_meeting/

T-2 hours until I will attend my first meeting. I'm terrified but hopeful. I've been sober for 2 days and have spent a great deal of that time on this sub looking for support and encouragement. I'm grateful that I've found not only that but also hope and inspiration to be better. Better to my child my friends myself. I've been brought to tears reading about some of your struggles here and so so moved by the compassion. .I hope I don't cry at the meeting (I know I will) and I really hope there's decaf. My anxiety is thrumming! .I will check back later and tell you all about it. Thanks everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

You got this! Already stepping in the right direction. Take the meeting in really listen and speak when it's your turn. The more you put in to it the more you'll get to it if it. Good luck and enjoy!
I found every one welcoming and understanding. Most people in those room's know the struggle all to well. If you feel the need to speak do so if not just pass. You only have to have the desire to stop drinking in closed meeting's. Open meeting's are just that open for anyone...  
Good luck with it...If you want to speak you'll be welcome to but if it feels like too much you won't be required to share your story at your first meeting...Waiting to hear how it goes :)
You got this! I'm so proud of you! Looking forward to hearing how it goes :-) 
[removed]
Hope you let us know how it went. 
AA saved my life. 
Oh man I got there 40 minutes early because I just couldn't pace around my house any longer. Everyone was very nice most of them ha a few years of sobriety under their belts but myself and another were newbs. I cried when I got my 24 hour chip and the sharing was good. .As I mentioned in the post I NEEDED support from others and found it on Reddit but I think the meetings are going to be a major key to my recovery. I would recommend a meeting to anyone who is considering it. .I have a meeting in my area every single night and already put the time and place in my calendar for the week. I'm going to try to go every night this week but I'm focusing on getting there tomorrow. .Thanks everyone I wouldn't have taken the step if it weren't for the support I found here and if you are unsure if AA is for you Please give it a chance..Check in tomorrow IWNDWYT
Just remember that if you don't like it there are other ones to try.  They are all a little different.
How did it go?..If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
