-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cpzk2/first_weekend_at_lake_ever_not_drinking_had_the/

So I successfully made it through Labor Day weekend at my husband's family's Lakehouse. They are the most wonderful people. My father in law always buys me my favorite bottle of white wine to drink while I'm there...So I quietly opted out of drinking the first night which raised a few eyebrows. (I think they expect a kid out of us soon). The next morning I had coffee with my mother in law and I told her how my anxiety had gotten worse (true) and that my doctor (kinda true actually therapist) has recommended no drinking for awhile along with consistent exercise to see if my symptoms improve. She was so understanding and told my father in law who didn't push the wine at all like he sometimes might...Well I slept like a baby both nights went for a 3+ mile run each day enjoyed mornings on the dock completed a bit of work with a clear head meditated couldn't get enough of their amazing food and just felt so darn grateful. Best of all we are driving home right now and are going to stop for some of my favorite ice cream! I certainly earned it. ..As for the book... this past week I completed  Nothing Good Can Come of This.  Wonderful short stories from a female author who works a high power job and struggled with alcohol. ..Iwndwytd!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the recommendation. It's now on the list! IWNDWYT!
Good for you. IWNDWYT 
Just read it along with The Naked Mind! Liked both.
Is it fiction or more of a memoir? 
Hey for anyone else out there googling that book recommendation it's by Kristi Coulter (I struggled to find it I got Twilight fanfiction and Amazon digital music hah)
That sounds like a perfect blissful weekend. I'm 30 days sober and in 10 days I'm going to Croatia for two weeks. When I booked it I was still drinking so I thought I'd be visiting vineyards and drinking in the villa but you know what I am actually so much more excited to go knowing I won't waste any time hungover or ruin anything for my husband and son. Coffee in the mornings and long hikes sound just fine to me. Thank you for the book recommendation!!
Good for you being strong sounds like you had fab weekend.  
What an inspiring post!  Years ago I managed our annual summer family time at the lake house.  It really was better and I remember laughing and joking with my teenage nephews in a way I never would have before. (Unfortunately my mother decided my laughter meant I was drunk and started gossiping about me and telling everyone that - totally not true).  .I'm so happy for you that you can make the connection that even though the wine gives that temporary relief from anxiety and feels fun for awhile you actually had more energy to exercise and relax and enjoy good food and company. 
Congratulations to you!  It's so hard to know what to say when you are trying to stop and are trying to come up with an excuse for those you previously drank with. I started saying I just don't feel good when I drink. It's been over a year for me and I still find myself feeling self conscious when around people I drank with. But no excuse is needed. Celebrate your success everyday!  I'm going to get that book. Keep up the great work!
