-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9csbqr/my_husband_lied_to_me_about_his_drinking/

Two weeks ago Saturday my husband and I quit drinking together. This Saturday I woke up with a nasty cold (the kind where you get a fever chills  and body aches along with the sore throat and congestion) so I'd been staying in bed while he was taking care of the kids house etc...I started feeling better finally tonight and told him I was going to run to the store. He asked me to pick up some cigarettes and I *immediately knew* he had been drinking. I asked him and he swore up and down that he hadn't even while he was over-enunciating to try not to slur. I told him if he really wanted them I would take him to get some when I got back (we have a teen and two younger kids so we sometimes run out while the older one holds down the fort)...When I got back I asked if he wanted me to take him or if he could drive himself. He finally admitted  well I probably shouldn't drive.  When I asked why he lied he said that he thought if he could lie to me then he could lie to himself too. He started to say  you don't know how hard...  before he caught himself and realized that yes I do know how hard it is. He said he tried to be strong...I'm not mad that he drank honestly I'm not even mad that he lied about it. I'm not even really sure I know why I'm posting except maybe that I'm glad I have a supportive group to come to when I struggle and I wish he had something too...I know it's been a stressful weekend for him with me being sick (and our teen was gone visiting family with her older cousin so he didn't have that help either). He's also been preparing to leave for a business trip tomorrow and his job is a little precarious right now (and he's our sole bread-winner). I guess I just get why he would be overwhelmed and want to turn to something that's always comforted him I just wish he had a group to turn to instead..
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough one.  I'm sure you feel in between a rock and hard place.  You know how much it's helped you and might help him but you can't exactly pressure him or he might pull away.  Hopefully he can understand why it's so important for your sobriety and maybe he'd give it a shot sometime.  Best of luck.
Hey there. I have some personal experience here of being the lying husband. I was lying to myself about the extent of my problem and repeatedly while drinking I lied to my wife about it. Usually about how much I had had to drink at any given point. I feel deeply ashamed of those lies and I would give anything to take them back. At some point I accepted my problem and the support of my wife and I hope you and your husband can move forward in this way too. All the best.
People with active drinking problems are liars.  All of us full stop no exceptions.  It doesn't make it right but he's sick.  He'll lie to anyone including himself.  Sounds like you hit the nail on the head- he might need some help to get sober.  Think he'd be open to it?
I'm sorry- I hope you don't let his lapse become reason for your own.  You are still doing the right thing.  Plus it helps to keep a level head when going through whatever kind of ups and downs we're having job-wise (even though it's his job).  We're behind you as always not drinking.  Hope you feel better soon I just came down with one of these colds myself so cheers with big comfy blankets and hot herbal tea.  Iwndwyt 
[removed]
