-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cskzq/ive_finally_snapped_no_one_believes_me_and_that/

Something happened in my life that actually wasn't that serious this time and it made a switch flip in my brain. I'm not drinking alcohol ever again...My mom's side....everyone is an alcoholic. They're all fucked up and my childhood was somewhat turbulent. I resisted drinking until I turned 21 I think. Then I was on the mufukin train!..I've been to jail committed serious crimes alienated myself from anyone who dared check up on me or ask me for help...I have just done seriously fucked up shit.  But I'm also really smart so I am a self-made millionaire and obviously that didn't help me deal with the consequences of drinking...Anyways some minor life event happened and I snapped. I haven't drank in a month and have no desire to be impaired any more for the rest of my life. It's almost like magic...I've been through AA quitting the pink cloud and all that shit a million times over. Swore up and down I was done and went right back at it a year later or whatever...it was never the truth...Now I am actually done! I swear it's real this time. But obviously anyone who knows me rolls their eyes like here we go again...I love it so much more. I can show them as I live it. I don't know why this minor event had such an impact...it's a miracle...I'm so done forever and I'm not worried about struggling with sobriety. I'm done! I love it that no one believes me or wants to help me with it. I'm done! What the fuck? I never thought it would happen to me...I thought I'd drink myself to death. And here I am...no compulsion to drink...If you knew me and how I lived you'd think here's OP again on his bullshit to trick us again. Thank God I'm done. I cried tears of joy when I went the first day in like 10 years of heavy drinking. I can't believe it...it's a miracle. I'm never going back.
----------immediate responses--------

Actions speak louder than words my friend. Show them all how it's done. I will not drink with you today. 
This is such a wonderful thing! Good for you man. You can do it keep us posted on progress. Only thing is I couldn't do it by myself every time I tried I failed. So I really hope you have support so that doesn't happen. We are here for you man. Best of luck. IWNDWYT.
I believe you and I'm with you. I can totally relate to the "switch flipped" over a minor event. For me it was losing my cell phone and the humiliation of having my parents drive me around town tracking it using Find My Phone :/  Nope. No more never again.
