-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cum3j/well_i_definitely_made_a_mistake_back_to_zero/

So I had a good two-week plus streak going without drinking. Then I had a little here and there. I'd stop after one or two which I considered to be "okay". Not ideal but decent...Last night my wife and I powered through a lot of booze again. Thankfully the hangover is fairly mild but I only got like four hours sleep. Went to bed stupid late I feel groggy as hell and kind of gross...I'm reminded of Craig Ferguson's book "American on Purpose". Mostly an amusing read but it details his struggle with alcoholism...&gt;Even people who have suffered from alcoholism for years can't comprehend it if they are still drinking and those who have recovered from this seemingly helpless condition of mind and body seem to agree on only a few things.**It is cunning. It is baffling. It is powerful and it is patient.**...This makes sense to me. ..So sigh back to square one. Coffee time. .
----------immediate responses--------

It is brutal my heart and thoughts are with you today. It took me several months this last time before I was able to truly quit. I just got ok with beginning again and not beating myself up over it...IWNDWYT 
So many things in life we "want" but can't have or will never get.  But as for sobriety when we want it really want it it's ours for the taking.  Hang in there friend!!!
Our brains are hard-wired to remember even small enjoyments like finding a few edible berries on a particular bush.  But we are also wired to let the bigger unpleasant memories fade lest we dwell on them or become paralyzed with fear to do anything at all.....Its easy to remember the hazy 'enjoyment' we receive from drinking ethanol but it is just as easy to forget all the vomit hangovers blackouts and other awful experiences that would put us off of nearly any other activity.  To battle this cunning adversary I will not drink with you today.
Good one by Ferguson.... that's the thing that's get us on quitting alone... the son of a bitch just out waits you.... until yu know some of the stuff like this quote and all the other odds and sods of info that come up on this StopDrinking site it's not even a fair fight. 
