-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cv633/evidently_moderation_doesnt_work/

17 days clean. No major withdraw symptoms. Mentally a little unstable and then relapse. Two days moderate. Then another few days sober and then it clicked in my head. I don't have a drinking problem I can drink whenever I want and stop too. So there I went. ..7 days later at least four beers a day. I don't stop because of anxiety. So then I continue. ..I'm 30. I know it's time to stop before I'm in trouble but I have a hard time accepting the fact that I won't ever drink again. And if I can't think that way can I truly quit? ..On the bandwagon again today. Reset. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thinking about forever is too hard for me to grasp in terms of not drinking.  I feel the same way as you...  instead I just don't drink today and if I continue that every day the rest will take care of itself. IWNDWYT 
Yes you can still quit--I don't think you have to decide or accept or understand or believe you'll never drink again in order to never drink again. Forever is made of today choices today. All I ever ever forever have to do is not drink for just one day. ..Believing in forever is not like a power--sometimes it can even make us overconfident or overwhelmed. Why not just do the thing before me the thing that's conquerable the thing I *know* is real? The future is made of todays so if we just deal with the one at hand the future comes to us. I will not drink with you today.
Evidently moderation doesn't work.  .Evidently moderation doesn't work.  .Evidently moderation doesn't work.  ..It won't work with 7 days clean or 17 days clean or 170 days clean or 1700 days clean.....It is hard to accept that I won't ever drink again.  .I never thought I'd quit drinking. I certainly never *wanted* to quit.  .But I learned it was easier to drink -zero- alcohol than it was to drink a beer or two here and there.  .And that's not gonna change...And as others have said all I have to do is not drink ***today***.  .Join me?
That's the approach I took initially. I'll try to gain that mind set again!
It does not for most of us.  And really why would it?  For those of us with alchol issues what is the point of drinking like a normal person?  Is that going to do for us what we want alcohol to do for us?  No.  We want to drink to get drunk and that's all we are ever going to do.  Our choices are limited to stay drunk or get sober.  And that's just who we are.  I'm sure diabetics occasionally miss ice cream but don't get too existential about their disease.  We don't need to either.
Well done on 17 days clean. I'm only day 8 and definitely have not accepted mentally that I'll never drink again (I just can't imagine it). So I'm just not drinking today or tomorrow etc and see how far that takes me...
I wouldn't be surprised if your this title had posted hundreds of thousands of times in this sub. 
Once I changed my mindset from "I have to not drink" to "I'm choosing not to drink" sobriety became A LOT easier for me. It look years and a lot of relapses but I'm finally there. I'm 31 and I get overwhelmed when I think about forever but I just try to take it one day at a time. It's such a cliche but it really does help me...IWNDWYT!
"I wish I could moderate my drinking 'cause then I'd be able to drink all the time."....cognitive dissonance is the gear I'm in when I'm drinking.  Done with that shit though.  At least for today.  I will not drink with you today!
I've set myself a target of 45 days rather than  never again . Maybe a smaller target? 
I don't think of it forever. I just know that I need to take an extended break from alcohol. Will I ever drink ever again in the future? Maybe. For now I won't drink today.
