-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d2uoh/its_time_for_me_to_stop/

I keep lying to other people and mostly especially to myself. I'll do good for a decent amount of time then I'll feel better about myself for a while but these past 6-8 months I keep repeating this fucked up cycle. Then before I know it its been another 3 weeks of not letting a 1.75 liter of bottom shelf vodka last more than 3 days.(you read that right; its more than a fifth a night-usually a fifth and about 7 more shots).  I don't know why I keep doing this to myself I'm smarter than this. I'm tired of waking up and finding new different bruises in different parts of my body.  This is going to kill me like it killed my dad... I am lying if I say I don't need real help but I tried that and need to try again and actually try. Its been 3 days thankfully I survived through the withdrawals from another 3-4 week solid bender ( I can't exactly remember some of you guys/gals can relate I'm sure) but today is day 3 and I am going to quit giving in and taking the easy way out. It is so easy to just go get a bottle. I don't even have money for this shit! I'm not going to tell you how I get what I do but I'm good at it and I can't believe I haven't gotten caught yet but enough is enough. ..3 days in for the umpteenth time and I really want and need this bastard problem I have to stop already. I'm tired my body is tired and this is not going to be the thing that kills me. I'm smarter than this. I will not be drinking with you tonight. At least the shakes and the vomiting of bile stopped and I can finally keep more than a half of a banana down. ..This is a great community. Thank you for all who have shared and much love to people who are struggling. I'm not better than you because I am back on the wagon I am simply better than I was to myself 4 days ago. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep strong man! Just make sure you know the warning signs of withdrawals and when medical intervention is necessary. 72 hour detox is always an option 
I'm glad you're here.  You can do this!  You can love a life of no alcohol.  It's worth the work.  And it does get easier.  I'm rooting for you.
Hey glad you are here. Being sober is not necessarily easy but is worth it. You are worth it. Keep on checking in here and posting if it helps. That's why we are all here. I hope you can find whatever support or resources that might help too. Best wishes. I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong. You are not your dad. You don't have to follow the path he took. You can choose to be free. Stay with us stay free let go of to bottle and stay free
