-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d5pha/determined_to_start_again/

Hello All ..Long time lurker first time poster here. A small bit of background - I'm a 22 year old male (barely past the legal drinking age here in the U.S.) and I feel that I've already had my fill. I hit what I perceived to be rock bottom nearly a year ago and made the decision to get sober. I did wonderfully for almost six months and was immensely proud of myself confident in my newfound resolve and utterly sure that I had licked this thing. It was the support of AA that gave me strength in the first few weeks. I attended a meeting everyday sometimes twice a day for the first 3 weeks. I was driven away from their meetings by a constant feeling of judgement from some of the older guys there. Anytime I shared a part of my sober experience that wasn't dreadful or miserable I was told that I was riding a fluffy pink cloud and that things would undoubtedly get worse rather than better. I eventually found myself leaving the meetings feeling emotionally drained rather than uplifted. It was as if my experiences were judged as invalid because I haven't had a divorce lost my job or gone to rehab as a result of my addiction. I digress. ..After my last stint with sobriety I somehow convinced myself that because I had the power to abstain I must have the power to moderate. So I dipped by toe back into the depths. This bringing us to present day I'm struggling for adequacy at my job and failing in my relationship. I know that I stand to lose everything I've worked so hard for in my life thus far - and all because I felt sorry for myself. I felt victimized by the fact that everyone around me seemed able to have a drink like a responsible adult and carry on with their day to day. I guess my take away from this experience has been as my coworker so fittingly says "Get yourself off that crucifix we could use the lumber." ..I'm thankful now for the anonymous support offered up by this community even to those like myself who are still suffering still struggling to find their way out of the dark. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

AA can at times be a double edge sword. I think it is especially challenging for young people (especially at 21). Most people there are over the age of 30 and 30 is a far cry from relating to 21 year olds. Are there any folks there that you did connect with? Maybe you can keep a connection with them without going to meetings regularly or going to only one a week to keep your foot in the door. Just a thought. Congrats on your journey even if there are some bumps in the road. 
I'm wishing you all of the luck! I understand the judgment you feel at A.A. my local meetings seem to be filled with people living in halfway houses or detox centers. So I get asked all the time which one I am staying at. I still live in my own home have my license and job. Don't let it get to you! Only we know our selves and what is best for us! You got this! IWNDWYT 
[removed]
I quit drinking at 22 1/2 I'm now 26. Do it man
I think some folks are able to come to their senses BEFORE they spend years ruining their lives...But I think once we develop a drinking problem moderation is not an option...There are a couple of good books available that are pretty eye opening:..This Naked Mind by Annie Grace..Alcohol Explained by William Porter..These books and reading the posts here have been a huge help for me...Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Thanks for the reading material have a good one and IWNDWYT
&gt;"Get yourself off that crucifix we could use the lumber."...Ha! I've never heard that one before I like it. ..Iwndywt!
I think it's great that you have done what you have at your age! When I was 22 I was a LONG ways away from even starting to realize I had a problem so you are doing great! The fact that you managed 6 months is really great and you should be proud of yourself. I myself have had issues with AA as well so don't let your experience there discourage you. Any group that you can talk to that can help you to be accountable to yourself is a good place to start including this group. I highly recommend the chat room linked in the sidebar here as well. It has helped me stay sober after almost 20 years of drinking :) ..IWNDWYT!
Welcome back!  I'm sorry you had an unwelcome experience at AA.  Are there any young peoples meetings in your area?  I was unable to moderate at 22.  I managed to hold it together for another 23 years.  But they would have been different if I had been sober.  ..If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
