-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9da71j/once_around_the_sun/

A year ago I left my home of 32 years my friends my family and my career of a decade to move across country for my dream job. I saw this as an opportunity to reset my life and start fresh which meant finally having the willpower to quit drinking for good. I had one final beer when I arrived at my new home and didn't even finish it. I was done...Over the last year I have sought treatment for my drinking as well as my underlying PTSD stemming from being a male survivor of rape in a culture that does not allow for male victimhood and denies men's emotions and feelings. Carrying around that weight without addressing it in therapy not only compounded my drinking on a few occasions brought out the worst of me when I would get blackout drunk. I have many regrets for how I treated people and am still making amends to those I've hurt. Wrestling with those half-memories and awful self-realizations has been the hardest part for me: often I think I don't deserve happiness or respect because of my past. Sometimes it's really fucking hard to see the point in anything. Sometimes I just want to eat a box of cookies turn on the TV and wallow in my self pity...But not **all** of the time...Because for each low point there have been several achievements of which I am proud. I launched a brand new business over the last year and have completed several projects therein. I've cycled over 1000 miles since I started  riding a bicycle for commuting and fun. I've lost 15 lbs and feel healthier than I have in more than a decade. I've made new friends rekindled with old friends and made new connections with sobernauts both here and IRL. I've been playing music for the first time in forever and even writing a bit in my free time. For the first time in 10 years my focus is not alcohol and women but health and happiness...I want to thank the community here at /r/stopdrinking for being full of supportive kind individuals. Every day your posts celebrate triumphs overcome struggles and encourage the rest of us to tackle our problem one day at a time. I posted a lot on a different name (previously: FantasticMoose) before I had to delete it but i can honestly say the advice and support I've received here has been both important and appreciated...So as I start my second sober rotation around the sun I'm excited and proud to say "I will not drink with you today."
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go ! Congrats on 1 year. I can't wait to make it to that milestone too. Keep going ! 
You are such an inspiration to us all. Keep setting the standard. I will join you and IWNDWYT. 
Some great achievements there congrats on one year! IWNDWYT 
Well that is super good Climate! Despite it all your sailing along in fine form. 
Congratulations!! That's a lot of clear headed mornings. Keep up the good work man!
Coming from a girl who was sexually assaulted - I'm sorry. It sickens me how much we as a society downplay sexual assault when the man is the victim.
Coming from a girl who was sexually assaulted - I'm sorry. It sickens me how much we as a society downplay sexual assault when the man is the victim.
What an uplifting story thank you for sharing it.  
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congratulations! Thanks so much for sharing your inspiring story. I will not drink with you today
Very proud of you and happy to hear about your fresh new start!  Congratulations on 1 year of freedom I wish you many more well into your future!      
Awesome post my friend. Congrats on 1 year. 
Congratulations
Congratulations 
good luck man.  I read a lotttt or accounts on here of people saying they didn't really hit their sober stride until about 1.5 years.  Not to say you haven't but...maybe it will keep getting better.  Keep hammering.
Congrats! I am not drinking with you today! 
Way to go!  You're really living it.  
