-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9daiqn/1_year_1_month_and_still_strong/

Hey there!..I just wanted to share this. I'm 1 year and 1 month sober to this day. I don't know why i make this post today and not on the 1 year mark but somehow at this moment it feels more of an accomplishment than when i passed the 1 year mark...I've been drinking almost all my life. I'm 30 now. Started at the age of 13 getting drunk for the first time soon led to frequent drinking on the weekend. Almost every weekend there was a reason to drink. If there wasn't i didn't really need a reason. I'm german and drinking alcohol is like the most normal thing to do here. I always thought i got it under control. Until about 6 years ago when i started drinking on a daily basis. At first i'd have 1-2 beers a night. Every night. Slowly but surely that increased to 3-4. 3-4 led to 5-6 and so on. Soon I'd drink 10-12 beers every day (0.5l a beer that is so about 5-6 litres in total). At that time i lost my job because i was already fucked up enough so i couldn't make it out of bed every day. At one point i didn't even care about calling in sick. I'd wake up go check the fridge if there's any beer left. If not the first thing i'd do is ride my bike to the supermarket and get 2 sixpacks. Every day for the last 4 years before i'd call quits. Towards the end my addiction was so bad i started to develope heavy withdrawal sympthomes. Heavy sweating hands shaking vomiting you name it. Luckily i never had cramps/hallucinations. When it was really bad i'd buy wine or vodka just because i couldn't drink the beer fast enough to get rid of the withdrawal...Last year January came by and all the heavy drinking every day finally came down on me. Woke up with really really heavy upper stomach pain one morning. At first i thought it was from operations i had on my upper body years ago but i realized very soon that this was nothing like it. The pain was so bad i couldn't even stand up straight. It was the worst pain i ever experienced. So i went to the ER the made X-rays and everything and pretty quickly they discovered a enlarged pancreas. Took blood the results were shockingly high. I had a severe pancreatitis. They put me on heavy painkillers no food for almost 3 days no drink no nothing. Just painkillers and IV's. Luckily the painkillers mildened the withdrawal. Noone even asked me if i was drinking. Looking back at it now it should be the most obvious thing ever that i was abusing alcohol heavily. Anyway i was realeased after a week and felt like i was new-born. First thing i'd do: Buy beer. Back to the daily routine instantly. 2 Months after my release in march last year the same thing happened. Woke up with the worst pain ever (it was even worse than the first time). Back to the hospital stayed in there for 2 weeks now because it was so severe and inflamed it took much longer to recover. When i was released i knew i couldn't keep on going like this or i'd be dead pretty soon. Severe pancreatitis is no joke i learned from googling. Funnily no doctor (prior to my detox) ever told me how bad of a thing that is and if you keep going that shit will get you killed no matter what. Didn't stop me from drinking though. I'd cut it down to about 8 beers a day to not go into withdrawal but that didn't really work. Luckily the pain didn't come back at least not as severe as it was before but i'd start to feel that something wasn't right in my stomach and my pancreas was starting to imflame again. This was when i called out for help. I just realized i wasn't gonna die this way! Not from alcohol! So i called the local hospital and made an appointment for detox. 5th of august 2017 was the day i went into detox. They put me on meds which completely cut out the withdrawal sympthomes. If i didn't have the meds i think i just couldn't take the constant sweating shaking pounding of my heart. While on detox for 2 weeks i was lucky to get a spot on rehad immediatly after. At first it was only for 8 weeks. I stayed another 7. I didn't feel ready after 8 weeks of rehab. After a total of 15 weeks of rehab i still didn't feel ready. So i went to something which is called "adaption" here. It's basically rehab but they encourage and support you to find a place to live hopefully a job and all of that sort. This was the best thing that could happen to me EVER. I stayed there for another 16 weeks. While there i found a place to live i found a job i love and most important i regained my will to live. Getting all this help from pretty much strangers really made an impact on me. I still don't know why i'm the lucky one getting all this stuff sorted out in such a short time-span. I've learned why i'd drink and how to avoid relapse. I'm not special or any more priviledged than anybody else so if I can do it YOU can most certainly do it aswell!..&amp;#x200B;..Alright this was a rather long story i just needed to get off my chest. Sorry for mistaked english is not my first language. If you need any advice i'm happy to help and answer any questions. It's already late here and i'm tired but i'll get back to you as soon as i can! Stay strong fellow people with alcohol addiction/problems! Life is so much better without the worst drug of all.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 1 year and 1 month!! I hope to be celebrating that milestone here on SD in a year myself. Keep up the good work!!
Thank you for your story and congratulations!
Congratulations!  Parts of your story make me think of a lot of what I've put myself through.
