-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dbg59/what_i_discovered_after_one_year_sober/

It's fucking hard getting started. The first week is miserable. But after 2 weeks it gets easier. The symptoms recede. I could sleep again. Suddenly it's just hard. After 6 weeks it gets easier again. Then it's okay. After 3 months it's fine. I had started a new normal. New habits began to take hold. After 6 months I felt like I was living a different life. At 9 months I had my first relapse. But this time it was fine. Before I would have spiralled out of control. But after so much time sober relapsing just felt like breaking a good habit. 3 days after that relapse and I had physically bounced back. A year on and I know that the person from a year ago was me but had no idea about this other universe. Like you can't know or understand this world until you have lived it. And getting sober no longer seems like it was so hard just long. It took so much time. Lot's and lot's of time. Small incremental steps plus time seemed to be the winning solution. The worst part though...is that every single case is so unique. And "small steps plus time" is just the foundation of an entirely unique story. One year sober and I'm no wiser when it comes to helping my friend or my dad get sober. All I know now is that there is nothing to say other than I'll be that sober friend or child when you need me to be. Those are just my quick thoughts as I approach one year sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful! 
So true! Congrats on your year. That's a great milestone. I will not drink with you today!
Well said.  Congrats on the year!
Congrats!
Congratulations!! IWNDWYT 
Thanks for sharing! Others' willingness to share lessons like these are a huge part of why I find this community so helpful in my own journey. 
Congratulations on 1 year of Freedom     are you planning on moving forward and finding out how sobriety changes your life?  
Congrats!.
Congratulations on one year! Yep there's no special formula for helping someone else other than living your life sober and being there if they ask for help. ..Small steps + time = a better life. :)
Way to be! 
This is encouraging. I'm about to reach my 2nd month of sobriety and to be honest it hasn't been that difficult for me. The hardest part has been the boredom because I don't always have something to run to to take me out of my boredom. I need to embrace the peace and quiet and not run from it...
Are you sure you hadn't relapsed when you used apostrophes on your "lot's"?..Cool story though. Am just being a dick
Congratulations! 
Amazing!!! 
Well done -  I've always held back from groups sharing etc. thinking it was too 'look at me' but have realised this morning with the usual hungover despair (no other word for it it's pure despair) that my behaviour/attitudes have to change. IWNDWYT.
I like your perspective. Good reminder that it takes time to get sober.
Man. This resonates with me more than anything has in years regarding drinking. Thank you very much. It's been really fuckin tough piecing together a month. But this really helps.
Thank you everyone for your well wishes :) I don't give myself that much credit for getting sober so hearing the encouragement from you all is very meaningful. 
