-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9de4de/anyone_else_feel_traumatized_by_your_experience/

To make a long story short after two months sober on my own I decided to ask for help (due to anxiety). I went to a rehab and to a certain popular support group (neither of which I will name because the point of this isn't to bash anyone). I made a good decision by quitting drinking and another good decision by choosing to ask for help so I was expecting a positive supportive response. But instead both rehab and the support group were full of people who questioned my moral character talked down to me and manipulated me. I'm shocked that the hardest part of getting quitting drinking has been dealing with the negativity of the people who I went to for help. I think I've found some good help now and I've always found this sub to be supportive. But the amount of resentment I'm feeling right now toward the people who "kicked me when I was down" is honestly probably the thing that makes me want to drink right now. I feel bad for some of the other people I know who are struggling to quit drinking and for some of the people I met in rehab who really seemed to internalize a lot of the negativity. Who else here has experienced this?..No matter how much the resentment I'm feeling makes me want to drink I'm not going to. Staying sober despite all the people who were negative toward me is the best way for me to say "Fuck you!" to everyone who got in the way of my sobriety. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Ouch that sounds rough.
Good for you for staying sober.
Maybe one of those Marine camp type rehabs?  The  we strip you down and then build you up  type?  Not a fan...I've been to some support groups where the people were incredibly judgmental- and some where they've been great.  Glad that you found your people!
First off good on you for realizing you needed help and trying to do what's best for you.  Rehab can be rough and there are a lot of emotions going on there.  I'm glad you were able to get through it and you're in a better place.  When I'm having thoughts of past interactions with people that were upsetting I think to myself  is this something I can change or do anything about right now or ever?'  If not I say fuck it and (this is the trick) I remind myself every time it pops up  there's nothing I can do about that shit fuck it.'  Helps me.
I had a rough experience in detox.  I tell myself I'm staying sober so I never have to experience that again.  So let's stay sober together!    IWNDWY
I'm deeply disappointed in my therapist who advised that I take the 12 step path and then refused to offer alternatives when I complained repeatedly that it conflicted with my core values ($150/hr out of pocket to argue the merits of AA with this guy). I fired him and found someone who does not insist that I attend 12 step meetings or apply labels to myself. 
