-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dhmi4/inspiration_in_the_middle_of_an_otherwise_boring/

So we had a new hire at work recently be flaky about scheduled shifts. This had been frustrating for our team and we found out the reason yesterday. This person came to us and bared their soul about struggles with alcohol and while it took me a few minutes I finally just had to say  hey I know how brave you are for telling us and I'm proud of you. I'm sober now and I'm an alcoholic. I've been there!  I gave them my cell number and encouraged to call or text whenever/ if they ever wanted or needed to. .I like to think I helped. Even if just a little. I nodded along with their stories of struggle knowing exactly where they were. We all gave our support to them and hugged it out in the end. ..This led to an emotional rest of the work day and evening for me reflecting on how I was in their shoes about a year ago and had to have that same conversation with my boss in that very same office. We are both lucky that our disclosures were met with empathy love and understanding. Addiction is a cruel and terrifying disease that hits everywhere and really affects everyone. I'm so glad I was sober for that event and that someone else is trying to get sober and be their best self. ..I'm beaming with pride for all of us!..I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

That is amazing!! Can you imagine the weight off their shoulders when they realized you were on their side? They were probably so scared to tell you 
I told my boss too. He has been supportive.  
I told my old boss and he was super cool about it. Even offered to go to meetings with me. My new boss is a different story. Drank myself straight into detox when he started bc I was so stressed out
That is so awesome that you could be there for this person in their time of need. ..Will they be getting some kind of treatment such as rehab or start going to a recovery program? 
Thank you for being a compassionate human. Sometimes that's all we need to hear in order to fight and overcome this monster of an addiction. ..You may have just planted the seeds or helped someone realize they are not alone and can make it out alive :) 
