-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dict7/is_it_possible_to_stop_drinking_without_doing/

So for example if I'm bored I mindfully choose to do something else. ..I understand the emotional work is probably the most important part as to why we drink.... I have done plenty of it but i think we all know it takes years and years of emotional work to get it right. All I can afford right now is book therapy and community and even then I struggle with time due to a demanding job (lots of debt)...Thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

Well I'm still searching for a new therapist but I've gone almost two months with no drinking.  It's certainly possible but like you said you said you know the emotional work is necessary too.  So yes it's possible but I'm going to keep up on the mental work and emotional healing to make sure I stay sober and find healthier ways to unwind or deal with stress.  ...IWNDWYT.
It is definitely possible just don't pick up a drink.  But part of my success has been recognizing the things I used alcohol for and finding another way to address those needs.  If one of those for you is numbing thoughts/feelings you are going to have to start living with those in sobriety.
[removed]
I mean for me by quitting drinking those emotions FORCED me to start dealing with them. The reasons behind those emotions are still there so I still think about it - it's just now I have to think about what to do about it instead of the knee-jerk "I need a beer" and subsequently pretend those emotions don't exist...However so far I've been fine with some quit lit and this sub.
In my experience learning to function in the world without drinking was my first job. I'd think this correlates to your term "safe coping mechanism". Things like how to spend time how to deal with everyday tasks etc - I had to figure all that out sober...Once I was out of "survival mode" I found the emotional issues became critically important...I was lucky and was able to find a fantastic therapist with whom I still attend weekly group meetings with ten years later. Fellowships are great and have their place for the people that they work for. But for really digging into the core issues of why I was so self destructive I need(ed) proper counseling.
One common theme I've seen with people staying sober is they replaced alcohol with something. Whether self-improvement emotional work spirituality hobbies/interests etc. Everyone is different in what they need and it changes with time. Sobriety is a process not a goal.
