-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dlipd/two_weeks_got_me_thinking/

I just had a thunderclap of a realization after feeling particularly down about this last relapse....I'm getting there in stages.  I got all upset with myself until I realized that I am adhering to the same fallacious thought process I've adhered to most of my life in multiple areas:  I'm going to be great at it without having to try I'm innately going to have the skills and cognition to make this thing work.  If not I'll just quit because I just don't have the skills right?  I'll quit the booze and it'll all be perfect from here right?  Wrong.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I've been trying to get sober for a year and half now.  You are probably very familiar with the shame guilt and self-loathing of the relapse rodeo cycle.  I failed so therefore I learned nothing I'm defeated before I even gather my resolve to try again.  I used to go on long benders with that rationale.  That binary thought process is defeating and only ever caused me more pain/struggling.  Every time I didn't pick up a drink when I wanted to exercised that muscle and forced me to break a well-enforced reactionary cycle that I'd spent well over ten years building.  I look back on where I was even a year ago and its a massive success!  I've went literal days this stretch without even thinking about booze and that's a HUGE win in my book.  My thought process and my approach to not only sobriety but life in general is ever evolving.  I will get to where I want to be this is a journey and I just have to learn to accept failure as a part of that journey.  I'm just an ex-perfectionist trying to see the error of my ways.  Cheers to the journey we're all on I hope that we will all emerge as better humans in the process. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am so there with you. It's like I am so close to being 100% done such a journey IWNDWYT
  This...Getting there in stages.. the disappointment and self loathing in the middle of the night. I am there too..sometimes.. but SO much less often...making progress. Keep up the good fight! Thanks SD.
&gt; My thought process and my approach not only to sobriety but life in general is ever evolving..This is definitely a thing for me.  I've been dealing with slight anxiety and mild bits of "doom and gloom" i call it.  Not exactly depression but something similar.  Times where I'd have fear or cause myself turmoil over trivial things. ..I used to drown those things with booze and it "went away" for the night only to punch me in the face in the morning (hungover to boot)..I've realized that after quitting my whole outlook on things has changed.  Im much more calm and clear headed to take things on rationally.  Im not sure that alcohol was 100% the cause but definitely wasnt helping.  I feel that I'm truly finding who I am as an adult (been drinking since my teen years) and that I like who I am but more importantly I want more than I have.   Im so motivated and goal oriented lately.  I've seen others here write about the same..IWNDWYT! Time to kill it
&gt;I'm going to be great at it without having to try I'm innately going to have the skills and cognition to make this thing work. If not I'll just quit because I just don't have the skills right?....Oh man did I write this? If it isn't effortless or I have to try at it I'll probably give up. I blame it on being a smart kid and everything in school being effortlessly easy. I never learned delayed gratification.....And if I'm not immediately good but I have to do it anyway I'd drink my frustration away.
