-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dm3c2/some_days_i_just_want_to_be_bad/

Hey everyone..I'm still sober and I don't think I'm in any real danger of a relapse but I was thinking today about some of the thoughts that pop up from time to time that make me want to drink. One of those is the idea that sometimes it just feels good to do something bad. Some days I'm just so tired of being on my best damn behavior. I just want not care about my well being every once in a while. These thoughts come in every few weeks. So far I've been able to resist them because I know any relief I get will be short lived. Anyone else get these thoughts? How do you deal with them?
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man I get these too.  Its like I'm re-romanticizing drinking and I wanna be a part of the Bukowski lifestyle that feels so good being bad.  I haven't found the counter to this except to remind myself that in not drinking I'm doing something completely new and its uncomfortable at first.  I usually just say fuck it and eat a lot of food that I've been craving lately or go to the movies to get my mind off of it.  I guess its a part of the grieving process for the old life or something but I wish I knew the anecdote.
Yes totally identify with this!
Oh yeah a visit back to the Dark Side!  I don't think I would make it back to the light.  I'm staying where I'm at.  Clear conscious for me.
I feel this. I don't wanna drink but I did pick up a pack of smokes last weekend as a "reward" for cleaning my house. First pack I bought in over 2 months. I'm quitting (again) after it's done &amp; trying to remember to reward myself with ice cream instead next time I feel that urge. ..The addiction brain is such an asshole! 
Relapse starts long before you pick up anything. Those kinds of thoughts are a warning. .When this stuff starts I get busy go to AA meetings volunteer to help a friend around the house anything to get me out of myself and remind me why I choose sobriety. 
[removed]
I just spent 375 dollars on a MK watch.  Husband will be pissed bc I already have too many watches.  So that's me being bad.  But I was spending that much on white wine many months.
I have those thoughts frequently.  So far I'm able to resist because as get more sober I realize how self-destructive I was and how much I was hurting my wife and child.  I'm certainly not always on my best behaviour but I feel a helluva lot better about myself knowing that I'm not hurting those I love and need.
Yes thanks for describing this so well. I've had them off and on since I stopped drinking  (just recently re-set after a drink but had 70 odd alcohol-free days before). Interestingly the glass of wine I had last weekend wasn't preceded by any of those thoughts and I didn't proceed to drink to excess. Now I'm happy not drinking again but I do get those weird longings to be bad. I don't know what's up with that. 
