-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dnhxu/naltrexone_saved_my_life/

I just celebrated a year of not drinking this past weekend. ..Before that I had been abusing alcohol for the better part of 7 years starting in my early twenties. ..In 2014 I was taken to the ER after passing out in an alleyway and being found by a couple who tried to take me home. I have no memory of it but I couldn't walk once they got me out of the car. I woke up with a staple in my forehead closing up a small wound and a week later went to an AA-based rehab. I was there for my 24th birthday. However about four months later I was drinking again...I kept my drinking hidden and tried to control it but still wound up driving under the influence a lot and even drinking a few shooters over my lunch break once I managed to land an entry-level job in 2015. I never drank as much as some people do but I spent most of my time intoxicated and my mornings were terrible. ..Labor day weekend 2017 I went to a friend's house for BBQ with my five-year old daughter who I had primary physical custody over. I had been drinking before I arrived and only drank more once I got there. By the time evening rolled around I was in no shape to drop my daughter off with her mother and eventually I started talking about my thoughts of suicide. My friend called the police my ex showed up to collect my daughter but not before I was taken away into protective custody. I really didn't want to go and thought I had my suicidal ideation under control because I never planned anything or took steps to prepare it - I just had a deep constant desire to die but knew I wouldn't do anything because I had to take care of my daughter. ..I hated the time I spent in the emergency ward I berated the police officers on the way there and had to be given a shot of ativan in my butt because I was so belligerent but when I finally got to meet with the psychiatrist in charge he diagnosed me with bipolar II and it was like a missing puzzle piece to my life had finally been found. I knew I had been abusing alcohol to self-medicate but I had always been diagnosed with depression and would eventually stop taking the medications prescribed for that because they didn't help. I had to ask for naltrexone by name though otherwise I don't think they would've given it to me. ..I have no other way to describe it besides miraculous. My cravings were utterly gone. The overwhelming urges that would beat down any mental resistance to drink were gone. The evil little voice of self-pity and loathing in my head had no strength over me and the medication prescribed for my bipolar disorder provided me with a sense of stability that I'm not sure I had ever known before. ..I was lucky to have an understanding boss because I'm still working at that same company now and I'll be able to pursue a paralegal certificate soon so that I can move on to something better. I was told to take naltrexone for a year but unfortunately one of the side effects was nausea that would hit me hard in the mornings and so a few weeks ago I stopped taking it but I haven't noticed a difference since then. I don't have cravings or urges to drink. Sometimes I miss cracking open a cold beer after working outside on a hot day but I know it's not worth as much as the time I've spent not drinking. Those days mean something and now it's been a whole year. ..My relationship with my gf is better than ever - she was at my side throughout my hospitalization and stuck with me before that even when I was a hot mess. Thinking about how she's treated me even now makes me want to tear up a bit because my early twenties were spent bouncing from one codependent relationship to another - all of them contributing to my abuse of alcohol. ..I feel like this has been rambling - I could easily get lost in all the details and regrets of the past decade - but my main point is in the title. It's awesome that AA can work for some people but it didn't work for me and there are medical options for something that is truly a medical issue. If you're struggling with overwhelming urges with a part of you that overpowers your will to not drink please please PLEASE consider seeking out naltrexone or something like it. It saved my life and I wish more people knew about it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
I could not have a shot at sobriety until I got my anxiety and depression under control. I am meds on for them but they could not work while I was drinking. I started naltrexone at day 7 and it has been a great tool for me. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
Congratulations. You deserve this peace and a chance for a great life.  You didn't mention her again but I hope your daughter now gets to grow up knowing you as your real self.  IWNDWYT 
It breaks my heart that more people either don't know about naltrexone  or think it's a crutch or somehow cheating to use it. That's a load of crap. Smokers can use a patch or get a script for Chantix to fight the urge to smoke how is that any different for someone who wants to quit drinking?  Dangerously overweight? There is a medication for that too. ..I think you are amazing and inspiring and maybe if more people realized naltrexone existed there would be less relapses and more success stories. 
I just started taking medication too and it clicked.  I suddenly realized i was self medication with alcohol thats the only reason i downed it so often. Good for you!!!
This is such an important post. And a great testimony to the value of this sub for so many people. Never heard of Naltrexone till I came here. Thank you and be well.
