-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9doto3/i_hate_me_when_im_sober/

Hi all..&amp;#x200B;..I made the decision to quit drinking all together for my heath last week. I've tried stopping cold-turkey on my own multiple times winding up having massive withdrawal seizures and ending up in the hospital. This time I woke up with an IV in my arm and a doctor hovering over me. Long story short he's put me on Diazepam and Naltrexone to curb the cravings. I know the drugs are saving me in the long run but they're changing who I am and not for the better in my opinion. When I was drinking I was a cheerful loving forgiving confident man. I could go up to someone I'd never met who looked down on his luck and have an hour-long conversation about almost anything. Now that I'm sober I'm a cold bitter depressed guy who wants nothing to do with anybody else's struggles. I don't want to say that I was this was before I started drinking habitually but it's definitely closer to it...&amp;#x200B;..Is this change normal to go through? How did you deal with your first few weeks of sobriety? I'm scared of losing all of the beautiful relationships I've built over the years.
----------immediate responses--------

I would give yourself a chance to heal a little bit before worrying about your personality -- the first week of sobriety is enough to make anyone cold bitter and depressed! 
[removed]
It's been a week? I'd give it a little more time before you decide you hate yourself. My guess is your body is going through some insane adjustments and your brain too. It's normal to circle the wagons and concentrate on your own struggles right now with no energy for anyone else's. The same way someone who is sick withdraws into themselves to heal. ..My guess is that you will be the cheerful loving forgiving confident man you were and that you'll also have some really shitty days where you are selfish and mean and bitter and depressed. That's part of the deal of being human. We get the full range. ..Recovery is about more than just stopping drinking it's recovering our selves and figuring out who we are as humans without the blur of alcohol. 
I'm pretty sure you're going to be ok.  Anything that tries to tell you it's a bad idea to stop drinking is probably just the voice of addiction talking.  Don't worry that voice gets fainter as we ignore it as we refuse to feed it booze.  Our common sense will return.  Just give it a few days.. I won't drink with you today.  Sometimes going to bed early is a good idea too.  
I second the post that sobriety is so much more than just not drinking. I drank to alleviate social anxiety. When drinking I was spontaneous and outgoing and had people tell me I was one of the funniest people they'd ever met. I was also slowly killing myself in addition to damaging relationships with family and friends. ..It took me a while to learn who I was socially when I wasn't heavily buzzed. It's a process give it time.  I also learned that I wasn't quite as funny and witty as I thought I was as a drinker.  I was loud and over bearing and crossed the line telling inappropriate jokes often.   I know that now because my friends thought I was funny but also obnoxious and unpredictable and could be annoying af.   ..
It's only been 2 weeks for me but I'm getting my happy social self back the past couple of days. I hope you'll be kind to yourself and give yourself time to adjust; I bet you'll find all those good qualities again.
[removed]
Give it some time. Your perception of yourself will change. I thought I was a better nicer person with some drinks in me turns out my head was totally turned upside down. While today I don't love every aspect of sobriety I can say I think I'm better overall not drinking. 
I am so much more confident and outgoing now than when I was drinking.  I've learned to be so much more empathetic and compassionate than I was.  I can have those hour long conversations with someone who looked down on their luck and actually  be able to care about them and listen. ..It gets easier but it will take some time. Keep at it and you may find an even better person inside you than you were even aware existed. 
It takes a while for your brain to recover from years of damage. You might consider counseling or getting involved with a support group to help you navigate the journey to sobriety. I never heard of anyone who was not a better person after getting sober. 
