-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9drjve/my_dad_has_not_touched_alcohol_for_9_months_as_of/

He died December 7th of last year. Fell asleep and didn't wake up age 59....He tried to quit many times. Started taking Xanax to help with withdrawal symptoms. Kept drinking....He wouldn't accept help from loved ones he hated AA. He always insisted he was getting better drinking less....I can't pretend I understand his struggle he barely spoke of it. I wish I could have helped him I wish I had tried harder. I wish he were still here....Stop drinking? There must be so much more to it than that because He was the smartest person I've known and he was so tough. And he couldn't stop and it killed him
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your dad mate. Maybe try r/alanon for some support. X
Thanks for posting. Sorry about your loss. You're right. It's a disease that doesn't discriminate. Alcohol doesn't care how old smart rich you are what color you are what you do for a living. It doesn't give a shit about any of that. It can take any of us. I wish you peace. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. For whatever it is worth to you your post helped me greatly. Thank you. I'm 57 years old and though so hard sometimes I'm giving it up one day at a time. The courage you displayed by making your post will hopefully help to ensure my children won't have to make such a post. Again God bless you and thank you. 
I'm sorry for your loss. This disease isn't nice and is hard to understand. 
Thanks for the post. I'm 59 on my next birthday and this stabbed me right in the heart. Similar to your Father I always thought that I was in control and that whenever I truly needed to I would just quit. That last period lasted about 5 years. I hope you know that you have helped me today with this post. It sharpens my resolve and keeps me pointed in the right direction. I'm sorry about your Dad. In his honor today I will definitely not be drinking.
Sorry for your loss. When people ask me why I don't drink anymore (I was the  responsible one of our group)  I simply say I want to make it a 0% chance of ending up like my dad who drank himself to death. 
Addiction is really a strange and hardly understood beast. As I get further removed from it its hard to understand and remember how powerful it is. ..There is much more to it than just not drinking. So many smart and good people struggle- some make it out and others never do. I am so sorry for your loss. Its just a terrible disease and taken way too many way too young. ..I dont know how much solace this will bring if any at all but please dont beat yourself up over it. When I was in active addiction I dont think there was anything anyone could have said or done that would have made quitting any easier. I still dont know how I happened to escape it- but I do know that often when people tried to tell me I had a problem or needed to cut back all it did was make me more defensive and protective of my drinking habits. ..I wish I could say something- anything to ease your pain. My heart hurts for you and everyone who has lost a loved one to this. I am sending you lots of love. 
I understand.  People talk of bottoms and how they came around after a  bottom .  I think of it like an elevator. You can step off any time.  If you step back on it's only going in one direction down.  The destination of this elevator is at the true bottom of this disease and that is death.  
My condolences. ..Have you ever looked at anything thru Adult Children of Alcoholics? /r/adultchildren I only recently found out about this it's a shock to see so many other people with shared experiences and traits as a result of alcoholic parents...
I'm so very sorry!  :(..Thank you for sharing a bit of your and your dad's story.  
