-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dyxyq/adult_alcoholic_child_of_an_alcoholic/

This is long and my badge is wrong.  I have relapsed hard this week and while I have not drank today I'm in tears at my office trying to think of getting home without stopping for wine.  The changing of the seasons is one of my PTSD triggers from my childhood and in therapy recently I have been confronting extremely complicated feelings about my mother.  I'm not sure I could hack it in AA so I'm going to pour my little soul out to Reddit. I've posted here since first deciding I wanted recovery but have never really "told my story" only pieces here and there.  I suppose if my life were some quirky sitcom this would be my backstory.  ..I am an adult child of an alcoholic.  I lost my mother to this disease.  I have almost lost myself to this disease.  My mom was extremely complicated.  She was a teacher and incredibly gifted. . She was beloved by her students almost universally so.  Her lifes work was nurturing children.  She then went home and got blackout drunk every night on boxed wine that was hidden in her closet (something I have now done myself as an alcoholic).  She was fierce and devoted and I know she loved my brother and myself deeply.   Alcoholism though steals from us what we hold most precious.  Alcoholism is a disease that takes and takes and takes.  I wish so deeply that I could say my mother's high functioning alcoholism wasn't a problem for me-- that I was able to deduce as a child that it wasn't my fault.  I wish so very very very much that I could have handled and processed her alcoholism more effectively.  I wish I could have known as a child that what was happening to me wasn't normal.  I know her alcoholism wasn't my fault and if she had lived long enough maybe we could have healed that rift.  If she had lived long enough I could have understood why she drank.  Was she coping with her own considerable trauma like me?  Was she simply that addicted?  I will never be able to fill in those blanks completely because she died.  She drank herself to death and it's my fault. ..Bear with me I know the instinct right now is to say "no it's not" but my mom was damaged...It shouldn't be my fault.  I know that.  But simply put My mother and I had a toxic relationship and she was extremely dependent on me for her happiness.  I know that's not my fault either.  When I gave birth to my son her first grandchild she found a joy I never knew was possible.  She hung the moon on my son and loved him beyond all reason.  She was caring and nurturing.  She loved him.  And I took him away to save my own life.  I made a decision to move away with my son to escape the painful relationship I had with my parents.  I wanted to escape the strangling small town I had lived in my whole life.  I was told by some relatives that if I moved it could kill my mother.  That she would have nothing to live for without me or my son.  I know that's not my fault.  ..But then I did it anyway.  I knew it was possible but I so desperately wanted to escape.  She drank herself to death seven months after I moved.  I could have stayed.  I could have just dealt with it and moved after she died.  I don't know what to do with these emotions.  I see a therapist and it has been incredibly helpful but I have only recently forced myself to open up about my mother after a throwaway conversation with my dad reminded me that people still blame me for her death.  ..That convo because I can't stop dwelling on it and it also contributed to my recent relapses was ..Me: "You know I see a therapist and I'm working on myself but oh my gosh it still hurts that people blame me for her death.".Dad: "Well I mean you sort of are responsible."..I guillotined the conversation full stop and have not revisited it...Any other fellow adult children of alcoholics here?  I'll accept any advice or hints on unlinking the solid hold "you killed your mom" has on my brain. ..Also a thank you for and to this community.  While I feel pretty defeated by this relapse I'm certain I wouldn't have had as many successes in 2018 without coming here and checking in. 
----------immediate responses--------

There is actually a support group called Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA). ..I have empathy for you having gone through somewhat of a similar situation. I was aboe to return hom for a few days while my mother was on her deathbed. There are still days that I wish I hadn't and this was 44 years ago. ..I don't have answers for you just empathy. IWNDWYT 
I am sorry for your heartbreak. You did not kill your mother. Alcoholism killed your mom. ..I am recovering and also the adult child of an alcoholic father. Gratefully he got sober after I graduated from high school but his drinking affected my childhood. ..I am glad you are in therapy. I had a wonderful therapist who nudged me onto the road to recovery. She got me into detox and rehab. Rehab was one of my best decisions. It gave me a safe place where I learned about myself alcoholism and recovery. It was a much-needed time-out. It sounds like you would benefit from rehab. ..AA gave me sober living tools and put me in touch with others who understood what I was going through. I don't agree with everything about AA but it helped save my life. I learned sober living skills and received guidance from people with long-term recovery. ..Still I'd start with detox and rehab. 
[removed]
Much love to you! Yours is such a complicated relationship. You were so very brave to make a fresh start elsewhere with your son. I had a thought; in therapy perhaps bring up the topic of codependency? Your mom much as she loved you sounds like she put you in a codependency dynamic where you felt responsible for her happiness; with this only worse since she died in terms of your feeling responsible. But you're NOT! A therapist good with codependency issues might be able to knock that false programming out of you in a loving way! All the best!
So sorry to hear about your troubles. Like everyone else I hope you learn to understand that it was not your fault. My brother did the same thing to my mom moving away with the first grandchild that is. And while it crushed her for a little while she survived and has great relationships with everyone. It was her addiction that killed her. All you can do is learn from that. 
My relationship with my dad is similar and he won't be here much longer so I've been contemplating this recently--here are some thoughts in case something resonates...I think what broken kind-hearted parents do is steal our anger our ability to get angry at them. And I think depression is anger turned inward. I had to let myself really acknowledge the suffering and allow myself to be angry at him from a distance for everything I lost--and never had--because of his inability or unwillingness to heal. My guilt was like a shroud until I did...It's not his fault he's broken but it's also not okay to not give your child what he or she needs. It's not okay to make your child be the parent. You're allowed to be angry and let it through there's relief and forgiveness on the other side. And my suspicion is that from there we may begin to see the bridge to freedom from guilt. Best to you.
Just as no one else was responsible for my drinking I'm not responsible for anyone else's drinking.  I can't make other people drink.  You didn't make your mother drink so you're not responsible for her passing.   She made her choices. ..AA helped me understand why I drank the way I did and how clean up my side of the street own my stuff and get on with a sober life.  Alanon could help too...Hang in there it gets better without the drink.
My mom is an alcoholic.  She has been sober now for about 15 years now.... or so she says but I don't 100% believe her.  I don't live with her anymore and she lives about a 2 hour drive away. ..I don't have many childhood memories of my mom most likely because I blocked them out... or she just wasn't around cause she was drinking I can't recall really.  I'm lucky I had a good father who was caring and always there when I was a kid. ..Alcohol killed your mom not you.  As an alcoholic I know nothing makes you drink but yourself.    You shouldn't blame yourself for something she was going to do anyway.  I had 100's of "reasons" or "excuses" to drink none of them valid.  But as a drinker I made them true and valid to justify my drinking...
I'm an adult child. I've been going to ACOA for a few months now and am on step 2 of their 12 step program. ..My parents weren't Alcoholics but they were abusive and neglectful. ..I don't have any major words of wisdom but you were not wrong to move away. You are only responsible for your life your actions and your emotions. Your mom And your dad are each responsible for theirs. ..If there's a meeting of ACOA in your area or Al-anon I highly encourage you to seek either out. I promise you you will only find love acceptance and understanding in either group. ..Best wishes to you and my sincere condolences for your loss. 
My dad drank himself to death as well. I'm just now beginning to process how f'd up that is/was. I have a long way to go. I'm very sorry you are in same f'd up situation. I don't have any answers. Just want you to know I'm here for you. Do what you can to process and move forward with your life. There are so many wonderful people on this sub and there is AA and therapy and much more. Get the help you need and take it one day at a time. That's what I'm doing anyway. Good luck. IWNDWYT.
My dad sounds a lot like your mom. He died in March. I miss him terribly it hurts all the time I would give anything to talk to him again and to be able to hug him... and I'm more stable without him. ..My default thought pattern is listing what I could have done to keep him alive longer. Maybe if he hadn't felt so lonely. Maybe if I'd made him go to the doctor for this or that sooner. Maybe this maybe that. I've turned every possibility over in my mind. What it comes down to is that absolutely nothing I could have done would have saved my father. I could not save him. This is true and I believe it. I don't have that kind of control over other people and over what happens in this huge universe. I have to shock myself out of my ACA brain with that reality everyday. Only my father could have saved my father just like only I can save me. That's what I have now me and my sobriety and the present moment. You made the right choice to move. You listened to the part of you that knew you had to take care of yourself so you could take care of your son. Not only is it not your fault that your mom died but there's NOTHING you could have done to save her. Nothing. Not anything. Your dad is grieving and so far inside the family disease that is alcoholism that he can't see his own co-dependence. ..My advise is keep going to therapy and go to AA meetings and find a sponsor and start working the steps. If you can admit you're powerless over alcohol you can admit you were powerless over your moms death at least that was my experience. If AA doesn't work for you find a program that helps you surrender your idea that you were in control. And once you've got some substantial time go to an ACA meeting and share your story. There's relief for you in recovery. You won't carry this drowning feeling forever. We're in this together. ..The promises of ACA -..We will discover our real identities by loving and accepting ourselves..Our self-esteem will increase as we give ourselves approval on a daily basis..Fear of authority figures and the need to  people-please  will leave us..Our ability to share intimacy will grow inside us..As we face our abandonment issues we will be attracted by strengths and become more tolerant of weaknesses..We will enjoy feeling stable peaceful and financially secure..We will learn how to play and have fun in our lives..We will choose to love people who can love and be responsible for themselves..Healthy boundaries and limits will become easier for us to set..Fears of failure and success will leave us as we intuitively make healthier choices..With help from our ACA support group we will slowly release our dysfunctional behaviors..Gradually with our Higher Power help we will learn to expect the best and get it.
&gt;  Dad: "Well I mean you sort of are responsible."..This is total bullshit.  Sounds like your family is using you as a scapegoat.  I'd seriously consider going no contact at least until you can get yourself in a bit better shape...If anything he should analyze his relationship with your Mom.  For anyone to lay that kind of burden on their child is in my opinion evil.  ..Sometimes when people are exposed to tuberculosis this thing called a granuloma forms.  Basically your body walls up the tuberculosis and moves on.  The doctors don't go in there and open up the granuloma.  Maybe you need to granuloma up that relationship for your Mom tell your Dad to go fuck himself and move the fuck on.
Best thing i ever did for myself is tell my parents i forgave them for what they did to me then went ghost. 
