-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e6klc/the_odds_are_not_good_for_me/

I believe anyone with enough desperation to get on reddit and post in [r/stopdringing](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdringing) really wants to quit. I sometimes wonder what percentage of people that share day one posts make it to a year two five years. I'm confident in my belief that the percentage is really low. I fear it is so low it would even shock me...When I was in a treatment facility in February 2017 I read a book called "When The Servant Becomes The Master" I was extremely bored and the available literature was limited. I couldn't even say for sure today if I'd recommend the book I don't remember enough of it. It was focused primarily on the neuroscience of addiction. What I did take away from the book that sticks with me today were the statistics about relapse. I was in treatment with around 40 people and statistically only two of us would be sober in 5 years. Two out of 40!? In a treatment facility! This profound reality set my mindset for recovery. If I wanted to succeed where 38/40 would fail I needed to WORK HARDER than them. I had to take everything more serious than them. I had to grow more than them. I had to be more aware of pitfalls than them. I became determined to flip the odds in my favor by not worrying too much about my own thoughts but by outperforming my peers...I've sent a request to reset my days counter to my actual sobriety date of February 2nd of 2017 (I recently came back to reddit) but as you can see the first time I posted for help on reddit did not result in continued sobriety for me. It was another two and a half years of utter isolation and despair before I got it turned around. I know that the statistics say I am are very unlikely to succeed. I need to be willing to do things that most people are not. I need to take suggestions most will not. I need to WORK HARDER than MOST people that like me desperately want to stop drinking...&amp;#x200B;..Edited for breaking rule 2.  Apologies.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice edit. It took humility to edit and re-post.
I look at it this way:  I think anyone with enough *determination* to come out of lurkdom so they can post on SD Reddit has a damn fine chance of succeeding!!!  I don't like that statistic.  I gotta admit it brings discomfort...Huh.  Thing is I see so many long-time sober people dropping in here.  I have faith in me that I'm going to be one of those 2/40.  Then there's about 100 or more other people I see here with my eyes (I know there's more) who are going to be in that group too... hmm... I think maybe there's more people who are still sober than they are admitting or perhaps the polling process is somehow flawed?  Anyways good for you and stay strong friend.  I believe in you you can make it if you decide you're going to.  IWNDWYT 
It does take hard work and determination to beat addiction.  I would not expect anything less.  I put in a tremendous amount of time and effort to become as addicted as I became.  Congrats on your time sober.  
One of the problems with recovery stats is that they are at best a guess. I have heard stats that say AA success rates are 5% and then found out that that's a measure of people who got it right the first time they tried. We have 128000 members here in SD and I wonder how many were throwaway accounts that subscribed and then went back out.  ..I know the odds of remaining sober drop dramatically once I start drinking and stop trying to quit. It took me a couple of years and countless attempts before I managed to stay sober and now look at the badge I got going.  ..I am interested in only one statistic....my own. I am also interested in helping others recover but at the bottom of it it's up to them. "I can do it with you but I can't do it FOR you."  ..&gt; "I had to take everything more serious than them. I had to grow more than them. I had to be more aware of pitfalls than them....outperforming my peers"  ..Comparing myself to other people hasn't resulted in any benefit to me. My only measure is to compare myself to my previous self. That's the guy I am try to be better than not any other person. Screw the statistics. I don't know what they are based on. If a recovering alcoholic gains two years of continuous sobriety then has one drink then gains another two years is he a success or a failure? Some studies say he's a failure.  ..I am determined not to place my happiness or my sobriety in dependence on outside influences or metrics. All I know is that I didn't drink yesterday so far today is turning out well and I will let tomorrow take care of itself.
Very few of us decide one day that it is time and stay sober from that point forward. More often there are a few failed attempts sometimes over the course of years before it "sticks"...I have found that going to meetings helps tremendously as I am surrounding myself with people who are working to stay sober on a daily basis...Many of the meetings I go to have people with 20 - 30 - 40 years of continuous sobriety yet very few of us "made it the first time"...I will assure you however that to continue trying is no failure at all it is simply a learning process...Like I used to tell my kids teachers. "The best part of dating a teacher is that if you dont get something right the first time she will make you do it again until you do"...The same is true of sobriety.
Even life if fraught with the reality that a very very low percentage will make it through alive. But it still is a worthy goal to try. the alternative isnt so good. ..Diets Weight loss substance abuse doesnt always have the highest success rates given the length of time but you have two options you can try or not try. ..&amp;#x200B;..you also have to gauge the stats and news. is it 2 out of 40 that will remain sober FOR 5 years? or 2 of 40 that are sober AT 5 years? I think it is the former as typically statistics are used in such a way to demonstrate a point. its better to learn to stand so that you can pick yourself up then to just never try to get up and even if you fall your periods of sobriety are better than the alternative. 
This scientific study and article also has embedded references to several other scientific studies.  [Moos and Moos 2006 Study of AA Efficacy](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2220012/)  Basically Table 3. demonstrates if a participant attended 27 weeks of AA during year one of recovery the probability of reporting abstinance 16 years later is 67%.  ..The two main problems with recovery statistics are defining a participant in study and measuring success.   If a participant includes anyone who crosses  the  threshold of a meeting and success is measured by not taking another drink until death the success rate is miniscule.  If a participant is defined by some measure of giving AA an honest extended attempt and success is defined as reporting abstinance (no drinks in prior 6 months) 16 years later the probability of success is &gt;2/3. ..By this measure success is determined by duration of AA during year one.  Greater than 27 weeks pretty good.  Importantly 1-8 weeks of AA in year 1 cuts the success rate from 67% down to 38%.  Better continue to go to AA for those extra 5 nonths.
Awesome info thanks for the reply!  I will check out the source material when I have some time.  Very interesting.  I'm on somewhere around week 80 now at least 2 meetings per week after going everyday for the first 4 months.  Ot's been effective for me thus far.
