-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e7bo0/failure_meds_hope/

I've been an alcoholic for about the last 2 years. This last year it became horrible. I drank almost everyday for the last 6-8 months. ..I've stopped drinking a few times and always failed. Even after a seizure I went back to drinking after I got my 30 days sober.  (I had went off my meds and stopped drinking 3 days prior to the seizure.)..So recently I quit drinking again due to more threats from my fianc  that he would leave me if I didn't stop drinking. Then I failed again. This time I felt so bad I was hammered and we had such a wicked verbal fight that I attempted suicide and was in a coma for 3.5 days.  After I woke up I realized I have to stop. I was placed on a 51/50 hold because of the severity of the attempt. (My heart stopped I wasn't breathing and I didn't have a pulse.)..When I got the tube taken out of my throat and could talk to the staff the online dr at the hospital said I was at a high risk of relapse and suicide so he committed me. I was transferred once I was stable to a duel diagnosis clinic. ..During the coma I was off all of my medications cold turkey. Waking up was agony. My body was is shock from the trauma I inflicted on it the resuscitation team inflicted on it and the severe withdrawals from my meds. ..I was taken off Wellbutrin Lamictal Seroquel Ambien And Xanax. I was only allowed to stay on Lexapro per the hospital Dr. ..The Seroquel and Ambien were added back in due to my insomnia. ..The loss of the Wellbutrin and Lamictal cold turkey was horrific for my head. The migraines nausea and dizziness were enough to make me want to go back to sleep and not wake up. ..Well I fought through it but I still have a wicked bad headache. Like every single day! ..My regular psychiatrist added back in the Xanax for my severe anxiety/social anxiety. So right now I take Lexapro every morning Seroquel and Ambien at night and Xanax 1mg as needed - up to 3mg a day. I don't take the Xanax unless I really need it like a severe anxiety or panic attack. ..I've been doing well since coming home. I was in the duel diagnosis clinic for a little over a week. I haven't slipped at all. ..Except....  Last Saturday my fianc  took me to a football game and when people asked if I wanted a drink and we said no they said not even a beer? And I blew it I gave him the pleading eyes and such and he said ok under pressure. So I ended up having like 4 beers and a margarita. It was my goodby to alcohol. I knew they were the last drinks I would have because in a few days I was starting Antabuse. ..So Tuesday I filled my Rx for Antabuse and I started it Wednesday. Today is day 4 on Antabuse and a week since I had my last drink. ..Other then the headache everyday I feel good. Being on the Antabuse is a HUGE relief!!! I no longer have the option to drink! It's fantastic. I feel free from Alcohol for the first time in 2 years. I plan on staying on it for the recommended 6 months to a year so I can learn how to feel and cope with emotions and live sober. I've been numb the last two years (since my sister died) and I'm finally feeling like there is hope. ..I feel bad for having the drinks last Saturday but then again I don't because I feel like I got closure if that makes sense? I wasn't sneaking my fianc  was ok with it and I didn't get hammered or act like an idiot. I just had my drinks and said goodbye to that monkey on my back. ..No side effects from the Antabuse so far. Hooray! I can't explain how amazing it is to have that narrative out of my head 24/7. I'm not thinking about drinking or wanting to drink at all! The thoughts used to consume me. Now that it's not an option I can focus on my health and repairing all the damage I caused in my relationships with my family. ..Thank you all for the support. I come here several times a day to read all the posts and remind myself I'm not alone...IWNDWYT   .
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Sounds like you've damn near been to hell and back I'm glad that you're okay...With that being said in my experience not going to events or putting myself in situations that revolved around drinking was paramount to me making it past the first several months. As soon as you mentioned the football game I knew what was coming next. But if you do find yourself at one such event put your foot down firmly and say no. It'll feel like you're missing out for a few moments but once you get home and realize you willingly didn't drink it's so satisfying. Like the exact opposite feeling of shame and regret that you wake up with after a night of reckless abandon. ..But it sounds like that was the farewell so good on you for saying your goodbyes being done with it and being at a week already!..Stay the path you've already been through so much it's time to get back to living and life without booze will begin to feel so full of possibilities. ..Great work IWNDWYT! 
Thank you for the kind words! It's has been hell and I'm so lucky I made it out alive. ..Monday Night Football is huge for my fianc  The Oakland Raiders are his team and he wants to have a get together... He asked if I mind if people are drinking including him and I said it's ok. On the one hand I shouldn't be around it or have it in my house most likely but on the other hand I absolutely can not consume any alcohol because of the Antabuse so I don't really mind...If I didn't have the Antabuse I would find a way to sneak maybe not this Monday but eventually and that would lead me right back to death. Alcohol is toxic for me and I can't just have a couple. Even last Saturday I had 4 beers and a margarita! ..Tomorrow he wants to go to a Champagne Brunch... All you can drink champagne or Bloody Mary's included with meal.  He knows I can't drink but he can and his kids can. It's like now that I can't drink every get together revolves around alcohol lol... ..I will take my Antabuse happily every morning! I will just be the designated driver from now on. ..IWNDWYT   
It doesn't sound like your fiance' understands what is going on with you. Didn't the doctors talk with him? 
He understands fully. He's just not sensitive to me being around alcohol now that he KNOWS I can't drink at all. Not even one swallow.  So he feels safe. ..I feel like it's not fair of me to ask them not to drink around me because I'm the alcoholic :( 
