-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e7is5/advice_needed/

My husband comes from an alcoholic background and is going down the same path. He won't do AA because it's  too religious ...(we are agnostic). I've offered to pay for counseling. He says it's too expensive but I tell him it costs less than his drinking. And he continues to drink. I'm at my wits end. I know it's an addiction and I want to help him but there's not much left for me to do except remove myself and my daughter from this environment. ..It's 3pm and he's passed out on the couch. I come to you to ask for support. You've been through this and he can get through it too. Maybe if you all can offer advice for not only me but him too we can get through this. If we go through divorce I know he will just drink himself to death and I don't want that. My daughter needs her father around. I feel like I've offered every ounce of support I can. ..You are a wonderful group of people that know this struggle. I welcome any and all advice from former alcoholics current alcoholics trying to get sober spouses/partners of alcoholics...and anyone who just stumbled across this. ..Thank you for reading. I apologize for format I'm on mobile. I would be happy to hear from even just one person to let me know I'm not alone.
----------immediate responses--------

You might want to look into CRAFT https://alliesinrecovery.net/about-craft/  it's geared towards families and loved ones of addicts. 
[removed]
You might try r/AlAnon. It's a support group for people who love an alcoholic.
I'm sorry you are in this dark place. There is a lot of support on this sub for you. You already know .Your husband has to want to quit. It's very sad to see a loved one continue to choose alcohol over the good things Life has to offer. .Being the alcoholic and loving an alcoholic are equally difficult just in different ways.do you.Have family and friends you can lean on for support?
You are not alone sweet thing. There are many many people here rooting for you and your family..Do you have any sort of plan?
Can you find a al-anon to go to? I'm sending you a virtual hug. 
I know your daughter needs her father around but is it a good idea for her to grow up.Seeing him as he is now? Divorce is not the worst outcome possible here. You absolutely have.To take care of YOU and your Daughter first! Your husband has to fight his own battle and hopefully .He chooses to do that.
