-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ecqs5/just_have_to_say/

...read This Naked Mind. This is my 286th attempt at this sobriety thing and it's never been clearer to me that this poison has fucked with my very core for years. I was and still am an addict. And we need to treat it as such alcohol is a poison. The only thing is that this poison goes after *your mind* and corrupts your attitudes drive ambitions and ability to love anything except getting your fix. ..This Naked Mind really speaks volumes in this regard and I know this is one of the most read and quoted books in here but for ANYONE that have yet to read it and is struggling with staying sober... READ IT!..I won't drink with you today or any day for that matter. Stay fresh my friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

Love your post. I'm struggling with addiction and feel like I'm at an all time low in my life right now. I don't have to drink everyday but  my addiction kicks in and won't let me stop after raising that first glass. Then I wake up  the next day terrified for not knowing what or who I've done the night prior. ..I'll definitely get me a copy of the book. What makes things worse is feeling like ya have no support or anyone who understands. .Thanks for sharing!
It is a great book i agree. She also has a podcast on YouTube that is great! 
Yes.  This book changed my life.  I've tried to drink twice since finishing her book and it just was not the same.  Knowing what I know now drinking is no longer fun for me...Knowledge is power.  :)
So fresh and so clean pasta!   iwndwyt
Thanks for the recommendation. Lots of people have recommended The Naked Mind and I want to read it. I read a post somewhere else that said that it was available for free on SD. Is this true? I only see it listed with links to GoodReads and Amazon. Wondering how you accessed it. I'll buy it if need be (no problem with supporting the author) but wondered whether there were other options!
I saw it recommended my first day here bought it immediately (kindle version) and started reading that night. It was a huge game changer for me too. This is the first time I've ever felt good about the idea of lifelong sobriety. Not just good... ecstatic sometimes. It was exactly what I needed to reframe my decision feel empowered by it and like I was in control again...I know it's not going to be the Holy Grail of Sobriety for everyone; we all drink for different reasons and we all think differently about our addiction. I don't have years or even months of sober-cred under my belt to prove it but I've tried to quit dozens of times before and I can tell that this time is different. This is it...I can't recommend it enough! 
I have to agree. I'm not finished with the book yet but it's really changing my life. Its opening my eyes to everything you mentioned.
Annie Grace needs a nobel prize or something. 
I never got to reading this book and I downloaded the sample and it's just the reviews. I'm nearly two years in; would this book still be helpful? A lot of reviews said it helped them quit drinking and I'm a little past that....
Just wanted to vouch for this book it literally changed the way I thought about alcohol. I paid $5 for it on Amazon but for what it did for me I would have paid *everything*. If you can't afford $5 it's on pirate bay though of course you shouldn't break copyright laws they're very important for an orderly society and you're a good citizen after all right?
Agreed this book changed my life. For the first time in my life I see the truth: alcohol is poison.
It's an amazing book. It rewires your brain. If anyone is suffering from back pain you should read Dr Sarnos book 'Healing Back Pain'. Annie Grace talks about him a lot in her book. Both books make the connection that your subconscious mind is controlling your decisions or pain. Once you make the connection it allows you to recognize and control it and deal with it...I haven't drank in two months which is longer than I have in 20 years and I owe it  all to the book 'This Naked Mind' . 
