-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9er74u/how_do_i_talk_to_my_ex_wifes_parents_about_my/

Hello everyone...I am in recovery and for the first time in what feels like an eternity I am making great progress. I'm very active in AA getting Antabus (unsure if that's the name in English) tomorrow and I have a plan to open up to everyone who's ever been hurt in some way by my disease. I've talked to quite a lot of the ones closest to me so I sort of know how to go about it. (Metrics: 48 days of sobriety over the last 51; one three-day relapse after I finally truly realized I am an alcoholic)...Sadly my bout with alcoholism led to my wife divorcing me. I do not blame her and we still have good contacts as best friends even though my feelings for her haven't changed. That is another story really but we're working on rebuilding our relationship to whatever it will be in the future...In the process of talking to everyone I realized I have yet to even see my father- and mother-in-law since quite a while before the breakup. They have been there for me many years and have expressed deep concern with my many problems (my alcoholism is predated by depression stress anxiety and of all things an eating disorder) and have supported me to the best of their capabilities...Out of respect to them since I still care about them I am going to talk to them about my alcoholism and my other issues as long as it's OK with my ex-wife. I don't have a particular reason for it other than that it feels right to me now. I am currently in a much better place than before and have distanced myself from my many issues so I can talk about them openly. I still work \*extremely\* hard on honesty and transparency...My problem is I do not really know what to talk about. I don't want to go there and say "I'm sorry" since apologies from an alcoholic in early recovery are often received with a heavy side of skepticism (rightfully so in my opinion). I am no stranger to line up bullet points in advance of a heavy talk since frankly anything of this magnitude that's worth talking about is worth preparing for. I am however at a bit of a loss as to how to go about it and what points to bring up. Any advice on the matter would be greatly and deeply appreciated. &lt;3..As a closing reminder I do not want to make this too much about me betraying their daughter. That conversation is best suited for me and her once the scars have healed a bit.\* I \*will\* raise that point certainly but I have betrayed them as well and will own up to it...&amp;#x200B;..\* I am very open to her with my recovery. The actual apologizing conversation may or may not happen. Since we still are in touch quite often I feel the deepest apology I can give her is to actually become a better person. Going sober working on my unexplained self-loathing and anxiety stay honest and open be reliable and consistent in my new me of course. 
----------immediate responses--------

What does your sponsor suggest?  Have you worked steps 1 through 8?  If not I suggest being patient work the steps with a sponsor.  The answer to your question will be clearer over time. 
Don't rush into it. You are right that in early sobriety "I'm Sorry" is met with skeptism. In my experience simply saying I'm sorry is far too easy. For it to be meaningful you have to make some acknowledgement of what you are apologizing for. ..Tell them you are aware that you caused them pain in the past. And elaborate on that. Then apologize. 
Maybe you could say something like you've always been grateful for their kindness and that becoming your best self returning the gift somehow and making them proud is within you as part of your deepest motivation and determination to heal and you feel their presence in the success you're finding now? That would feel nice to hear. :-)
Its sounds like you want to talk to them but aren't sure why or what about. Maybe it would be worth pushing it out until you're more secure in what you want to portray. Unless there is an urgency maybe add it to the list and sit on the idea awhile.
My in laws have known about my issues for a few years and have helped tremendously with my kids as my husband and I have navigated through the ups and downs. Although I'd never actually acknowledged the obvious problem nor did I thank them which I wanted to do. When I sobered up I went to detox and my in-laws husband and friends all had a big wedding I missed because of detox. Again they helped with my kids since my husband was a groomsman. I can't even explain how much this all hurt my heart. When I got home my mother in-law sent me picture of them all dressed up. I took that opportunity to acknowledge the fact of how much her help and support have meant to me and thanked her. It was short and sweet but I felt she deserved something from me. We haven't spoken about it since (I'm still sober thank god) but I feel better that I said something. We may talk more in detail down there road but I'm I'm not rushing anything. 
