-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ewr7c/three_months_sober_and_i_messed_up_last_night/

In April all my drinking came to a head when I spent ten days detoxing in general hospital followed by two months in a psychiatric unit...&amp;#x200B;..I've been back at work three weeks. The pressures and stress have been building a lot again. I find myself thinking about harming and suicide again. Last night I got angry drunk on my own and cut up my arm. ..&amp;#x200B;..Today I just hate being in my skin. Disappointed dejected. Sitting at work struggling to make it through the day and I don't want to go back to crisis point. Please send words of encouragement on this post to help keep me away from doing the same tonight. I just feel so sad and frustrated with life and I'm only 26. I feel like I'm wasting my best days but I'm just miserable. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't onow if you have been involved in a recovery program. AA saved my life after I got out of the psych hospital. I only spent 2 weeks inpatient and two weeks outpatient. There is no way I was prepared to pursue sobriety on my own. ..The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. I would think it would be easier to get right back on the wagon and maybe discuss your medication with your doctor.  ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Things don't have to get any worse or harder for you but you were in a crisis when you felt the urge to get "angry drunk" you are in a crisis now.  How bad things have to get depends on how quickly you get some help - you have to make it about action you DO take - not about hoping you won't act by drinking and harming.  ..What country are you in?  When you were in  hospital what crisis/relapse prevention plan did you leave with?  What'
[removed]
Self care is just as important as not consuming alcohol. I found that I had lots of work to do to fix me after alcohol was out of the equation.
:( I still have scars from self-harm years ago...Being able to talk to other people that understand has been a huge help. Honestly if AA weren't free I wouldn't be going.
I'm sending hope and love. I hope you can feel it. I can really relate to what you're going through. Self harm suicide alcoholism are my story. AA/12 steps saved my life and are making it worth living. You don't have to do this alone. If you're like me you can't do it alone. I'm here with you and I'm wishing you the very best. You deserve the real relief and comfort that alcohol cannot provide. xxx
Take a deep breath. From personal experience anxiety from my depression and alcohol abuse fueled my self hatred. ..Please don't be afraid to continue seeking help. You won't be starting over at crisis mode. You have three months of healing under your belt. That's progress that can never be taken away from you. You can continue to build on that progress despite any slip-ups. ..You deserve happiness. Remember that. You are not broken. You are strong. Get through the day one minute one hour at a time. Take another deep breath. ..Those of us on this sub are here for you and rooting for you. Even though we're not there with you you are not alone. 
You probably drank because you were seeking relief and I'm sure we can all understand that. I understand first hand that it doesn't provide that same relief like it used to. That was the hardest thing for me to understand. I hope you can take something positive out of this and grow from it! Please try to be kind to yourself today and everyday for that matter.    
Just want to send some love your way. You matter. 
