-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9eydzu/ready_but_scared_please_help/

A little background for some clarity.....I was a drug addict for many years and never drank. I simply didnt have the money or want for alcohol. When I finally stopped using my drug of choice for good something inside me flipped like a coin almost instantly. I went from an addict to an alcoholic almost overnight. Essentially I substituted one drug for another and it took me a while to be consciously aware of this. I HA D FINALLY beaten [drug of choice] but I was NOT sober. ..I quit using drugs almost two years ago which means Ive been drinking almost every day for that long. Sure I had tried to quit using [drug of choice] before would ultimately fail and relapse. But the withdrawals were (easier) for me because of the medication that I was taking for the withdrawals. Detox went relatively smoothly...Now here I am having a horrible time trying to quit drinking. I'll say IWNDWYT and I have the best intentions but I do. I'm not weak. I dont know if it's mental or physical. Am I mentally afraid of giving up alcohol and for once in my adult life being 100% sober? Or am I physically addicted / dependent and my body "needs" it?..If anyone has any advice or has been in a similar situation please help and let me know how you quit. I need some positivity. Some light at the end of the tunnel...Also no one knows I drink except for my boyfriend and he doesn't drink at all. In fact he hates it. I might not get wasted every day but I drink every damn day. Its ruining my relationship. Also I recently saw my doctor and I'm sick. My liver is in serious trouble... I'm only 29 and I don't want to die from this disease. So its ruining my health too. Any love tough or not would be appreciated...
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's pretty common to swap one addiction for another. Of course prioritizing on the most dangerous ones first would help.....Have you tried AA? It gets a lot of positive reception here along with other programs like SMART Refuge Recovery etc...
I too was able to quit all drugs on my own except alcohol. I ended up in an AA meeting. I guess I had lost more than I was willing to lose and I just surrendered. When they told me my addiction wasn't my fault but it was my problem I figured I better stick around. ..I went to meetings for 5-6 weeks and I was sober. Maybe 25 meetings during that time even though they recommended daily. I liked How I was feeling so I got a sponsor and started working the steps. By the end of the first year my obsession with alcohol was gone. I haven't come close to a relapse since. And I have been theough a whole bunch of shit since I got sober. ..The liver is remarkable. It can heal if it isn't totally shot. ..The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. There are two links to articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. ..You don't have to face this alone.  If you find that AA helps you get sober you may want to do what I did. I started going to CA and NA meetings because I could get addicted to any mind altering substance that I could get my hands on. ..I hope you give it a try. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
This was a progression for me too drugs in my youth booze for my adult life. I'm 33f now. .If you think the boozing is ruining your relationship it is for sure. A relationship ended for me recently he was right to choose so and I realized it was the last good thing I was going to lose. I started going to AA and I honestly think it's saving my life. I've been sober for the longest stretch in 3 years and I know I owe it to the support I found here and at AA. It's so difficult to look at your own life with the clarity of sobriety and if fucking hurts but the relief of no longer lying to myself or anyone else about how bad it all is that's fucking priceless. You can do this you won't regret it. 
Hugs  
