-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9f0yzq/scared/

Hi..I visited this sub a while back and pissed off a few people because I had some seriously crippling PTSD issues that I was struggling to comprehend.  I also really wanted to quit drinking but because I became suicidal the 2 times I quit before was terrified to try again knowing that I had these serious monsters climbing in my head.  Honestly the alcohol helped to quell those PTSD monsters.  I was drinking about 4 beers every evening...Then I decided to try to work with my dr. and tried out a medication at the beginning of last year.  It backfired - rather than reducing my desire to drink my drinking exploded.  Sometimes weekends were 20 beer benders.  Most evenings are 8 beers now (last night was 10).  Aiming for 8 tonight...I admitted that alcohol was helpful for a long time - I had some serious issues as a result of extremely abusive and neglectful parents on top of being bullied by my peers at elementary school on top of having severe hearing loss and crossed eyes.  I have had almost no self esteem most of my life but have become a success in my career in finances despite my shortcomings in development...Here I am a middle aged man and seeing my body get fat as a result of the amount of beer I'm drinking.  My stomach has cramps most of the day (gas) after drinking and I drink every night. Doesn't feel good...I have to admit that the drinking is no longer helping me to cope with the monsters of PTSD - I've done an enormous amount of work this past few years and have made some very significant strides in understanding myself and how the PTSD mechanisms work in me to bring me into desolation / desperation...Came back here today because someone post a before and after pic (6 months) after getting sober and I was taken aback at the huge change in his physique - could that happen to me in 6 months?  I know I could put together a killer diet and have access to exercise / gym...So why am I scared?  It's because I'm chronically lonely.  I have an incredibly hard time developing trust for others (it rarely ever happens at all!) even towards people I admire the hell out of.  The consequence of this is that I'm not able to trust interactions that I have with people and thus not able to form emotional bonds with others...I'm extremely lonely.  And this is now part of the reason why I drink...I'm afraid that if I stop drinking I'll become even more lonely and the PTSD demons I fought so valliantly hard to tame will come roaring back...I had been in therapy for almost 20 years prior and realized 3 years ago I needed to take a break from it because talking about it ad nauseum only served to reinforce the negative beliefs I had about myself...Dared myself to look for another therapist again a few months ago and interviewed 2. One was way too eager to take me on as a  client and the other said I was so significantly damaged by my experience that he didn't have the skills to take me on and made a referral.  I'm glad he was honest about it...During that same interview I had my service dog with me (I'm severely hearing impaired) and towards the end of the 50 minute session my dog barfed a whole undigested morning breakfast on his carpet between me and the therapist.  ..I took the clue and thought that maybe it wasn't a good idea to go back into therapy.  I feel like I made more progress in understanding myself and conquering old monsters / tapes in the last 3 years NOT talking to a therapist then almost 20 years of talking to one...So I'm back here - hoping to do this and get it right this time.  How do I overcome loneliness?  Does anyone else have experience with this?  I was part of an improv troupe (and community) for 4 years until the end of last year when the director booted me because I was missing too many rehearsals (feeling ill/drinking)...Does anyone else have experience not trusting others feeling lonely and trying to quit drinking.  This is the single thing holding me back from taking the plunge...meanwhile I'm see-sawing on the "controlled drinking" method. Keep trying to cut my drinking down day by day but then the weekend comes up and I'm back to square one...I want off this ride.  Please help..
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time. I will not drink with you tonight. You are not alone in this battle as much as you feel so. I have had those horrible sad lonely thoughts and feelings.  They are not fun for sure
I got sober in Alcoholics Anonymous...I know one man who is diagnosed schizophrenic who just celebrated five years sober in AA...I know of others who are diagnosed depressive bi-polar OCD ADHD and other serious psych issues...I know one woman who goes to meetings and never says anything except her name.  When ever it comes time to share she passes...Good luck.
Hi there! I'm sorry that you've had such a rough time finding help and support. I know that it was really alienating for me when I tried to go to therapy and the therapist just couldn't get where I was coming from. That happened a couple of times before I found my current therapist...I'm seeing someone who is specifically trained for trauma and specializes in working with people who've survived trauma. I was referred to her by my doctor. I had a hard time understanding why I was seeing a trauma therapist at the beginning. My trauma is developmental trauma and C-PTSD aka abusive parents and shitty childhood...I do have difficulty with trusting people. My instinct is to withdraw from others when I am under stress. I am limited in certain ways by chronic health issues. And I was having some pretty bad times with C-PTSD for a while there. So it's not exactly the same situation but I've been in a somewhat similar place...I would love to be able to teach myself how to do everything out of a book. It's still my go-to approach. What I've learned in therapy is that because my trauma happened in relation to other people my healing needs to happen in relation to others. ..For me it has partially come down to basic attachment theory stuff. I developed a disorganized attachment style in response to parental abuse and neglect. That's one of the fundamental developmental gaps that I entered therapy with. Through developing a relationship with my therapist I've been able to experience secure attachment with her. It is something that I had to experience in a relationship in order for it to work all of the books and theoretical knowledge in the world couldn't have gotten me where I am now...I'm a member of A.A. and I've found it to be a welcoming and extremely diverse group. Most alcoholics have a low self-esteem and social anxiety to some degree. I try to just forgive other people their social awkwardness and assume that they're not to concerned about mine...I'm not going to meetings regularly yet I just haven't had the time but I recently discovered Adult Children of Alcoholics. It's a 12 step support group for anyone from a dysfunctional home. (My parents didn't drink but I fit right in.) It was a powerful experience to sit in a room with people who shared similar experiences to mine and to be able to talk about them. If you aren't up for going to support groups in person I know that there are some meetings available online and I think over the phone...But basically I *had to* get support from other people in order to make progress. Had to. It was not optional. I have not had any PTSD symptoms in sobriety and actually my general level of anxiety is down. But I'm putting a shit-ton of work into my sobriety which involves getting support from other people. Drinking is a coping strategy. It's a maladaptive one but it's a coping strategy. I couldn't just get rid of my coping strategy I also needed to get support learn self-care and learn how to resource myself. 
Sure. If you were in therapy I am curious why you did not look into medication. ..I am in AA just like millions of others. It is a god send to me. I am meeting people I do trust mainly because they are willing to trust a room full of strangers with their stories fears and problems. It is a great equalizer. ..I go to meeting nearly every day. I am meeting new people and I don't sit at home alone. I find every meeting interesting. I like discussion meetings but I also like meetings where someone shares their story. ..Seriously after seeing people share some of their stories it encourages me to trust them. 
Yep I have major trust issues and regularly feel lonely. But I don't want to drink anymore and drinking doesn't make me trust anyone or feel less lonely. ..I have a mental illness too and a history of trauma...If you get suicidal I suggest considering either anti-depressants and/or a rehab facility. ..Also EMDR is a therapy that has shown good results with PTSD. Its not talk therapy. Have a look. I have tried it and thought it helped me...Last you might read the big book. It talks specifically about the issue of sucking at relationships and never forming a true partnership with anyone. We are not alone...Good luck! Here's to both of us getting better and maybe forming a decent relationship or 2 ;)..
