-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9f2gul/got_out_of_detox_today/

Last Thursday morning I paced the hotel parking lot waiting for my uber. I had put it off for a day already but the tremors were getting undeniable. I had 3 small pink moscato bottles in my bag for emergencies. My Uber came and off to the hospital I went...I had to wait in the lobby for three hours and actually chugged one of my small bottles to stave off the worst of it. I'm not exactly sure when it was the last time I ate a full meal. When I got in there were a lot of questions and I don't remember them all but when they saw the tremors appearing they knew I was serious. They gave me a drug to calm my nerves and set about trying to find me  a bed  somewhere. It took another dose of the drug and a half eaten sandwich before I was transferred via ambulance to a detox center...To say I was scared would be an understatement. I had tapered off before but this time was different. The detox center confiscated my things and suddenly I felt like a prisoner. Then a man came and said  I know you don't want to but eating is part of the detox we need your body to use food for fuel again .  I ate as much as I could...The first night I was moved to two different rooms. Going into the second room I could see why someone would protest it. There lay a man on his side yelling about feeding him and I foolishly tried to placate him by saying there were some apples in the hall. By this time the detox center had given me a drug that made my head a little foggy but at least I wasn't trembling. I had to ask for ear plugs and some sleeping medicine to get through that night while the man did eventually get some food...Over the next few days I participated in group therapy which I had never done before. Met my social worker and my doctor. I discovered my demons and each day got a little better but it was still the scariest choice I ever made. Will I relapse? Idk but that experience will be at the fore front of my mind before I take that drink...By the way the man yelling in the next bed over we became friends and I met his wife when she visited and learned about his sons. I was making jokes over meals with others trying to recover just like me. I was practically in tears saying goodbye to friends I made there. If you're trembling reading this go! I had no one to help me because of my situation but if you have anyone reach out. Oh LPT bring a change of clothes I had to rely on whatever was left there and spent more than a few hours in hospital gowns waiting for my clothes to be cleaned lol. AMA
----------immediate responses--------

good for you..Are you going to AA? It's kinda like group therapy and with the fellowship part you will meet new people you relate to you.
Great post. Good for you for doing it.
Way to go
Great job. Keep checking in here along with your other treatment plan. This community is very supportive and will help you if you reach out. All the best.
How very brave of you!  Thank you for sharing this experience with us. I do hope you'll read daily and comment/post LOTS.  I'm here every day (even if it's just for a five minute check-in to start my day) and must say that this sub has been one the main factors in my having 60 days...Best to you on your new path!  :)   
Good for you....great post it was a really great description...Good luck!!!. 
