-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fci5o/sober_but_very_dehydrated_also_thank_you/

I stopped drinking 6 days ago but I was previously drinking between 1 and 2 litres of wine most days/nights. I'm a 21 year old female in university but I was mainly drinking by myself or with my boyfriend (who rarely drinks) while watching tv/movies so I don't really go out and party much. Ive been drinking pretty heavily since  I was 17 (and drinking in a concerning manner since 14). I recognized it as a problem a few years ago but justified it by quitting for two weeks or so during exam periods. Drinking also has somehow never really affected my life in outward ways -- in other words mental health aside -- and I still get good grades in a demanding program at a relatively prestigious university. So obviously it took me a while and a drunken self harm relapse to make a concerted effort. ..I'm mainly posting this to add some accountability to this attempt at sobriety.  But I'm also curious because I've been drinking like 5 litres of water a day and I'm still thirsty ALL the time. Is that a quitting drinking thing? Or is it just hot out? Anyway thanks to the SD community I've been reading this sub on and off for a few years now and it's really helping so far.
----------immediate responses--------

Try sports drinks ....can help replenish electrolytes.  Too much water is actually a diuretic weirdly enuf...If that doesn't help you might want to talk to your doc......IWNDWYT  :-) 
We sound really similar with drinking alone wine still doing well at life &amp; university and even the self harm while drinking. While I'm unsure about the dehydration (I've always drank a lot of water even when drinking and now I also drink lots of sparkling water/juice/iced tea) I just want to say that I'm proud of you and it's definitely all worth it. :) IWNDWYT. 
It's amazing how writing it down and sharing with people can be so helpful. Glad you are here. 
22 here on day 2. I really relate to this post I've been drinking nearly every night for the past year sometimes socially but most often by myself. I haven't had any consequences at work or school but I know it's affecting my relationship with my boyfriend and my relationship with myself. I only found this subreddit yesterday and it's already been a huge comfort to me.
