-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fhl4b/day_3_starting_to_feel_better_but_this_is_always/

The thoughts always creep in slowly. This morning I woke up feeling pretty good. There are still remnants of guilt but they are much easier to push from my mind now that my anxiety has calmed down. As I was taking the dog out I smelled cigarette smoke and for some reason the smell lead me to thinking of how great it'd be to have a beer. I've been through the cycle of relapse plenty of times at this point and I hate how it's so easy for my mind to just forget how awful it feels to be hungover. It happens every single time...Something I've thought about through this relapse is that I'm in a relationship with alcohol and it's abusive. It might feel good for a few hours but it always leaves me feeling like shit. It has alienated me from the people I love and has ruined my self-esteem. Sobriety is a healthy relationship. Sure it's still hard and it can suck sometimes but it's so much better in every way.  I'm sure this metaphor (or is it analogy? I swear I used to be much smarter than this) has been used before but it felt like such an epiphany to me...Just some day 3 ramblings. Feeling good. Feeling strong. Hope you all are doing great. If you're on the east coast I hope you're prepared for the hellacious weather and ignoring everyone who is using the hurricane as an excuse to drink. Stay safe. IWNDWTY.
----------immediate responses--------

I always liked 'playing the tape forward'.  Also I eventually had to remind myself of how much better life can be if I'm not drinking and enjoy the 'not drinking' part rather than just beat myself up for drinking.  I did the blackout/hungover/shame-quit/forget rinse repeat cycle for years.
This is what gets me every time too. The human memory's ability to forget can be a wonderful thing (how else would we recover from a broken heart?) but it's a terrible thing as well. I wish I could remember how a hangover *feels* y'know? Just a little dip into it every time I'm tempted. I've tried leaving voice messages to myself notes - I've written a journal that reads like a 100000 word treatise on the perils of alcohol. But I relapse. But I think I know why: I've been trying to do this alone for years. And I need help. Coming to this sub was the first step in that direction. I wish you well on your sober journey and IWNDWYT 
I am on day 3 and on the east coast! Might have to hole up in the restaurant i work at. Which is full of booze. I had the same feeling a few months ago. Not again. IWNDWYT !
What I've found is that alcohol is  but a symptom . Sure I was physically addicted to alcohol but more importantly were the other parts of my life that alcohol had control over. My thoughts feelings and emotions were all influenced by alcohol and once I cut out the drink I found that all those things were still there waiting to drive me back towards a drink to solve them. For me A.A. helped immensely. That's where I found others who are the same way and I was able to see past the physical alcohol and look at my deeper issues that surrounded my drinking. Best of wishes to you take care!
Day 3 was ALWAYS my problem day hands down. Even before I had any inkling that I should quit. I would just drink so much that the hangover would last 2 days then like you said I'd feel soooo much better on Day 3 that I would want to celebrate that with a martini. blergh...
Insightful!  Looking forward to .your day 4..
I'm on day 3 on E Coast but not in storm path. My sister once said that an alcoholics primary relationship is with alcohol. That was an eye opener for me. I had to admit to myself that I was putting drinking ahead of my wife my family my friends and work. 
