-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fjo0n/this_isnt_an_inspirational_post/

So my badge is a lie I've relapsed. I had a long three days of work and classes last night I thought I should "treat myself" and drank about a half a bottle of Smirnoff (a lot for my 5'2 body). Had to call in sick for work sitting here eating Chinese delivery food that surprisingly isn't very good. ..I wish I was at work instead of at home hungover. I like my job. The kids I work with are so sweet. I miss them. After work I would have gone to the grocery store then maybe cooked something good and done homework. I would have been productive...I know logically that I need to cut this shit out. It's getting ridiculous. I'm sipping vodka from a water bottle during lectures. I'm going to be a master's level counselor in a couple of years. How can I help people cope with life when I can't even cope with mine?..Despite that I'm hesitating to pour the rest of the Smirnoff out. I feel like I'm not ready. I feel like I'll just relapse. When the cravings hit tonight I might just walk to the liquor store down the street wasting money. Life feels so heavy. Logically I know my life is fine my coworkers and classmates are nice I even carpool with some classmates to school. But I feel like I've lost all my social skills after years of isolation. I am an anxious stuttering mess. I feel stupid and ashamed all the time. Socializing is like pulling teeth. It's ridiculous because I used to be so confident. When I'm drunk it's the only time I feel okay. I don't know if I'm ready to quit. I don't want to face my loneliness and shame. ..My friends where do you find the inspiration to stay sober when you're feeling low? I feel like there is a magical drink that makes me feel like life is worth living (for a moment) it's so hard to pass that up when life feels empty.
----------immediate responses--------

You should treat yourself. You should treat yourself to something better than this. ..Alcohol made me feel like it was masking my anxiety but it made it so much worse. 
I guess the only stopping me now is knowing what the outcome will be - not good at the very best and probable death. So what's the point. Pass the time doing something else and before you know it its tomorrow and you're not hungover.
The only thing that has helped mr is to ask for help. AA or a counselor.
Yu might be surprised what inspires the people here at StopDrinking... it is not just the feel good posts. Your post reminds me of where I have been at times.. minus this Masters Degree! Or any hope of something like that... just keep going take a chance.....string some days of sobriety together and see where your at. All the best!   .When I posted here first.... I was advised to pour my last ounces of liquid gold down the sink... I did that and the days have just kept adding up. 
It took years for me to accept the fact that drinking was the cause and not the cure for my anxiety and depression.   I've moved from having a terribly bleak outlook on life to one where the future looks almost bright.  It has not been easy but I have decided that giving in to that daily pull of addiction is nothing but a lazy childish way of handling my emotions.  It's time I grew up. 
I've just had enough. Enough of letting the people I love down. Enough of quitting jobs. Enough of uncontrolled spending on alcohol. Enough times of living in chaos. Enough times of feeling like shit. Enough times withdrawing. Enough times almost dying. Just enough. That's my inspiration. I don't want any part of that life.
When I'm feeling low?  Actually I never feel so low nowadays and I can't see it happening again as long as I don't hit the bottle.  Looking back at my low points I'm glad I don't have to achieve those levels of despair any more.  Even my happiness was tainted.  It wasn't the same.  My sober life feels so much better I'm more vital I don't get terribly low or desperately afraid.  Because I know that I can work through things now I have the ability to do that.  Even when things suck they don't drain the life out of me now like they had done around a year ago.  It's an astonishing gift continuous sobriety.  But I have to work to get it.  It was my responsibility to appreciate it to be grateful to exercise my ability to make better judgements for myself to work on improving my mental health after reviewing my needs and my shortcomings.  I have to be my own hero- no one was coming to save me.  The funny thing is though when I asked for help I found this sub and I got all the answers I needed to dig myself out of my hole.  There are no shortcuts we do have to do the work and it will work out in our favour.  I wish you my best iwndwyt 
There are few among us who haven't had a similar setback. After many solo attempts the only way I've maintained my sobriety this time is by asking for as much help as possible. Going to multiple meetings a week (both AA &amp; SMART in my case) a sponsor a meditation group a psychiatrist individual &amp; group therapy listening to speaker tapes reading recovery literature etc. I was candid with my friends &amp; family &amp; community about my commitment to sobriety &amp; the wrong people fell away &amp; the right people came closer. IWNDWYT
Sometimes its just shitty.  And you keep marching along anyway. How many things do we do in life that we don't feel like doing but we have to. So we do them. Like going to work when you feel terrible because you have a mortgage payment due and the bank really doesn't care how you feel. Staying up all night typing papers so you don't get thrown out of your program? Going for that root canal? It's totally ok to feel like crap and just keep on doing what you have to do. Anything worth having is worth working for as they say. You can do this.
