-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fjyl9/stopped_drinking_last_summer_not_any_happier/

I stopped drinking last summer. I was and still am going through some major changes and I was worried that my drinking would become more of a problem if I didnt stop it then. I went through a miscarriage followed closely by a rough break up began to distance myself from my toxic family and got a new job for which I moved to a new city where I knew no one. ..A fresh start! Something I think a lot of people crave. I bought a little house focused on my physical health and my new job explored my new city and kept telling myself things will get better...I knew it was going to be hard. I kept telling myself I dont need alcohol and I'll be a better happier person without it. A year and a half later and I am struggling with depression more than I ever have. I feel totally emotionally unstable and miserable 95% of the time. I made a few friends through work but I havent totally opened up to them being coworkers I dont want them to know about the darkness inside of me. I have a few friends scattered across the globe but they are mostly busy living their lives and I only talk to them once every few months. My family doesnt seem to mind the distancing at all.  I'm 33 and my chance of finding someone and having kids of my own is getting slimmer and slimmer. I feel so alone. ..I am a very introtroverted person naturally. I have forced myself to events in an attempt to meet new people unfortunately I am not good at it without alcohol to loosen me up. I've tried online dating with mostly painful and awful results. Ive tried volunteering in my local community again...my shyness prevents much connection with others. The happiest points of my life so far were my mid 20s when I was out drinking with friends every weekend. It made meeting and talking to people a million times easier.  There were lots of miserable hangover and a few regrets here and there but nothing too awful. So more and more often I consider heading to a bar to grab a drink and socialize like i used to. Then my mind goes to just having a glass(or bottle) of wine to numb the pain I've been in this last year and a half. It sounds so incredibly comforting. But also scary.  I was never good at moderation and I absolutely cannot afford hangovers with my job. I love the gig. It pays well I get to travel it's mentally stimulating and really good hours. It's the only thing I have right now. Yet I'm not happy. Without people to share my life with it feels pointless and miserabl. I can't keep living like this. ..I'm not sure what the point of this post is I guess mostly to talk myself out of it a little longer...to keep pushing through and hoping it gets easier. But it's getting harder and harder to believe that.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey have you talked to a Dr yet? Often times I think we use alcohol to self medicate for things like depression and anxiety if it isn't downright causing it.....Maybe find like a bowling league or disc golf club or fermented foods club or something. I know in my city there are ZILLIONS of little groups and meet ups not all centered around alcohol...New cities are hard! You got this :)..Iwndywt.
If you are a miserable person while drinking stopping isn't going to make you magically happy. You have to work at it and find out what you were trying to mask with all the drinking you were doing. Go talk to a professional instead of assuming you can just muscle through it. If you think you got it figured out obviously you don't and you are going to need help working through the issues you are dealing with. 
I had to work on learning how to socialize after having grown up in a cult with an alcoholic household and a very isolated environment.  I was tragically shy.  I am still an introvert.  Talk about having the deck stacked against me- but looking back I've never been the kind of person to tell myself something can't be done.  If I were to have sat like a lump and wished myself out of my psychological situation I would never have made it.  Alcohol is an easy out but it's just as bad as where you're at now- this misery is all mental.  The walls and blocks are of our own making.  They are ours to defend or learn how to take down brick by brick.  It is not impossible to get a better life and a better perspective.  It does take work and effort and willingness to learn and trust that it will work.  I read this yesterday:  How we choose to act changes who we become.  The way we choose to get to where we're going defines what it is going to be like when we get there.  Alcohol will not save you.  You will save you.  
I feel you. A year and a half later every time I truly laugh i catch myself off guard. But I am much better off not being addicted to alcohol. It helps me reading the posts of people one week in and remembering how miserable I was and how addicted I was to alcohol - any time I saw it even in the fridge or on social media I wanted it. I choose depressed and alcohol free over depressed and not in control of my brain. Now I have the energy to make better decisions like exercise and eat healthy and meditate. One day I hope not to be depressed - the sunshine helps. 
I've made a lot of friends through AA it's an option. 
Wow that's a lot of emotion to unload. I hope posting made you feel a bit better. I couldn't help but think there's plenty of guys out there who would really appreciate a smart sensible motivated woman like you you sound like my type. Best to you things will feel better I'm sure. 
I could have written your post the last time I was sober.  I got more and more depressed to the point of becoming suicidal.  My sponsor told me "better a bong hit than a bullet".  Blew my mind.  I'm still here because of that comment...It sounds like you've got some psychological issues to work through (I know I did/do!) - and I'd recommend looking into therapy...33 is still young - I'm 46.  And you still have time to meet people.  I used to feel the same way as you - up to about 6 months ago.  I don't believe that anymore. Why?  Because I met someone awesome.  We're not together now but we were relating to each other for a year and it was wonderful to make that connection. ..I wish you well..
[removed]
I don't have the answers but I will say that the 30s is a rough time in life. It doesn't have to be miserable but it is a more difficult period to make friends just because of all the responsibilities and limited time of people in that age range. Add moving to a new place and it can be a real challenge. ..Have you ever taken the MBTI? I'm an introvert and finding out my personality type helped me feel a bit better about my situation when it comes to socializing. I found out that my personality type is a rare one and helped me to understand why I am a bit different. You might give it try. It's fun and easy. This site is a good one. https://www.16personalities.com And it's not tarot cards or anything :) its research based and been around a long time...Good luck! IWNDWYT
Sounds like you have very specific needs triggers for feeling happy.  You should probably seek therapy to help you find what those things are if you should (or could?) change them or how to achieve them.  Not the kind of therapy that recommends exercise drugs meditation etc (which are likely helpful in themselves) but helps you discover what you want from life. Cuz whatever you're doing now ain't it.
Fellow 33 yr old woman here :) my story may or may not help you. I was not a drinker all through my twenties. I had a late term miscarriage at 31. My house burned down one year later. In that time I became what I thought was an alcoholic. And really how could I not? Dreaming about those three glasses of wine after work Monday- Friday and probably 1.5 bottles Saturday and Sunday. I started seeing a therapist 2 months ago bc I thought I was an alcoholic and needed to stop. While my therapist was quick to let me know that I was not an alcoholic but that I abused alcohol I still decided to quit. Therapy has made me so much better. I don't even think about not drinking. I'm just so calm and relaxed since I started seeing her once a week for EMDR therapy and it has done wonders. I wish you the best of luck and I think you're closer to happiness than you think :) wishing you all the very best!!!     
I'm gonna recommend counseling as well because sometimes all you need is someone else to help organize your thoughts and present you with new perspectives. 
hi there.  I'm very much like you.  I also moved to a new town I when began my sobriety.  I'm 32.  I was hoping this would be the year I finally got a grip on anxiety and depression that has been plaguing me.  I was so sure quitting alcohol would be the key.  I also had a lot of hope in Buddhism and a mindfulness practice.  8 months in I find myself less functional than ever due to social anxiety and depression.  It doesn't seem possible that I'll ever make any real connections here.  At this point I've decided to try an SSRI.  I've done a lot of research and I think there might be some value in them for me.  Fingers crossed.  Do you have a home you can move back to with some old friends?  I think that's my next step which I'm planning for next summer.  This going it alone.... trying to go into a chrysalis and meditate and emerge some stronger human.... I don't think it's gonna work for me.  I'm kinda over everything.  I think my best bet is to stop trying to hard to improve get wacked out on Zoloft and move back to my hometown.  So anyway you're not alone.  Cheers and good luck finding some kinda comfortable state.  Maybe this is just the scary part of the hero's journey.
I've recently Read Michael Pollans book  how to change your Mind  and found it fascinating.  The topics covered within are not mainstream and won't be mentioned by most medical professionals.  ..Good luck...
