-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fvfwp/how_do_you_stay_motivated_to_work/

Hello I'm currently trying to stay sober for a year but 2 months in I'm struggling to find motivation to work...I used to consider myself a functioning alcoholic and thought I had a good thing going: work until you can drink then drink till you have to work again. Repeat that everyday. My motivation to do a good job at work was I didn't want to ruin that cycle so I needed to work hard to keep getting paid to keep it going...Then I realized that was a problem a few months ago and I quit drinking cold turkey. Two months in I've managed to stay away from all alcohol by playing a lot of video games and playing with my dog more...On paper it seems like a no brainer I need to work to afford rent and keep me and my dog healthy. But in reality now that I'm not going out to bars after work to get wasted everyday it doesn't have the same boost of motivation to keep me working hard. During work I spend a lot of time thinking about how I don't need alcohol and what I'll do that night to keep me sober and I can't focus on work...Part of me is happy with this because it's keepinge sober but the other part knows that being sober doesn't mean not having to work and I need to do something about it.
----------immediate responses--------

Plan a vacation .. That is what i am going to do with my extra cash. There must be somewhere you have always wanted to go.
I'm saving that old booze money not sure what for yet.  Sometimes I treat myself to something I normally wouldn't have.  Watching my savings add up and having a few extras makes me happy   
Just make a goal. I made a list of things i looked forward to doing. you don't have to put a money sign next to it. i also don't have the cash right now. With the money i save from drinking everyday it is now a possibility though. Start small.
[removed]
I am with you and also struggle with not having my alcohol reward at the end of the day
I'm currently on sabbatical so I can't directly answer your question but to me (and I could be wrong here) the question seems like a misnomer. Seems like the real question is *what do you do for fun or a stress relief after work?* Or do you think that working gave you a justified excuse/reason to drink? I can relate to that. I used to tell myself that as long as I'm showing up to work every day and putting in all of my effort then I deserve to drink. Somehow on this stunt of being dry I just got so sick of drinking and all of the adverse consequences of it that I feel as though I'm doing MYSELF a favor by not drinking. I never thought I'd feel that way. I've been drinking heavily and nightly for almost 20 years. I really hope this feeling lasts for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..My apologies if I'm off base on my interpretation. Maybe you just need other goals different avenues to relieve stress and have fun other passions or interests maybe you haven't explored yet because alcohol got in the way. I'm thinking out loud here and posing some of these questions to myself. I know I certainly do. All of my free time was spent lounging in bars shooting the shit and people watching. Right now that's precisely what I still do only without drinking alcohol. I'm so accustomed to it I don't know what else to do yet besides exercise. I've checked out an art gallery went shopping for shit I never cared about before because I was too transfixed on drinking. Kind of rewarding myself for not blowing all my money in bars. Personally I'm finding a lot more things enjoyable now without alcohol. But maybe I'm just misinterpreting your post. 
