-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gaan3/are_you_we_all_in_aa/

Sorry for the rambling.  It's 3am and I woke up and couldn't stop thinking about this and felt I needed to post...When I [told my wife](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9foe2r/its_timeim_terrified/) about the true extent of my addiction one of the few things she asked of me was to go to AA.  So I got my butt into meetings the very next day.  I've gone to three times in the last two days...What follows could be perceived as criticism and judgment about the people who have chosen AA as (part of?) their path to sobriety.  I don't mean to disparage them or the program they have chosen to follow.  I'm grateful to every addict I've met because it helps me remember I'm not alone and if they have found a program that works for them I'm delighted they have found refuge from addiction.  May we all find a way to live sober and fulfilled however we can...That said so far I'm not liking AA.  I'm trying to keep an open mind and an open heart.  I'm listening.  I've taken all that I can from the three meetings I've attended.  I'm going to be going to more because it's what it seems like you're supposed to do and I don't want to quit on any possible help I can find...But it feels like 10 minutes on SD is far more valuable a use of my time than a 60 90 or 120 minute AA meeting...First and foremost I can't see getting through step 2.  The "higher power" stuff is virtually a non-starter for me.  Each meeting ends with the lord's prayer which for me as a lapsed Catholic ends the meetings on a _deeply_ sour note and genuinely takes away from the rest of what little I get from a meeting.  I know AA says they aren't religious but even if I'm able to remove as much of religion as I can from the work as a few AA members have assured me I can I see the tools AA offers still rely on step 2 and it's a central theme.  A central tenant of AA is to promote spiritual growth.  Perhaps that is a fundamental piece that I've been missing and has contributed deeply to my addiction.  But it feels like one of those things you either end up embracing whole-heartedly or in failing to do so you weaken a lot of the power of the tools given.  I'm not sold on it (yet?)...I feel the fellowship among this subreddit more strongly than I do in the rooms of AA.  I relate better to the stories I read here than the ones I hear there though they are very much the same.  I like the fact that I can truly delve into what people share that I have the time to think about what I've read and that rather than clap for a few moments to show my support I can craft a response however brief that helps me share just a bit back to the sharing I just read.  I'm finding that expressing my compassion and love and acceptance on this subreddit is a very potent means for me to find compassion love and acceptance for myself.  I've done my best to do the same expression in person at AA meetings but I don't feel the same sense of self-enrichment from it...I relate to the attitude of this subreddit more than I have yet in AA.  I perceive there to be an energy in the rooms that is hopeful loving and supportive.  But I also feel there is a lot of shame resentment and frustration in the room.  The humor skews towards gallows and sarcasm which I find funny but also a drag.  I understand that vibe but it's not where I'm at.  There are some salty folks at AA and so far it's harshing my mellow.  The people in the room seem committed and passionate about the program but they also sometimes sound like they are on a death march through each day of sobriety.  That's not how I (naively?) envision my sobriety...I'm introverted and shy but I can overcome that especially right now that I'm so motivated to make this sobriety stick.  At AA I've shaken many hands stood up and declared I'm an alcoholic.  Collected a chip and some hugs.  Tracked down and acquired a sponsor who I'll have my first sit down with later this morning.  He seems nice and we seemed to be somewhat like-minded so I'm mildly enthusiastic.  I've sought out people after meetings and allowed myself to be sought out and spoken with at least 10 people at some length about their experiences.  I even shared at the last meeting just to try it on for size.  I've been brave and really trying my best.  But my heart isn't in it.  After my third meeting tonight and having someone generously spend the time to discuss some of my concerns about AA I still came home feeling tired drained and unenthusiastic.  I've never logged on to SD and walked away feeling worse than when I came...I'm just not excited by what I hear and see in those rooms.  I'm reading the Big Book from page one and skimming around a bit.  The thing reads like the Dead Sea Scrolls.  It feels antiquated and clunky.  I only have so much time in the day so I've opted to put off "This Naked Mind" in favor of meetings and AA literature and I don't like it.  But the first 10 pages of "This Naked Mind" were more compelling to me than the first few pages of the Big Book or Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions...This Naked Mind seems more compatible with the cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) work I've done over the last 3.5 years to manage my anxiety.  AA seems to replace a bottle with ritual ceremony and meetings...and a near constant focus on keeping alcohol somewhere on your mind so that you can ultimately avoid its temptation because you're hyper-vigilant.  This Naked Mind's intro seems to promise I can spend my sober days without obsessing over alcohol on a regular basis because I simply won't really think about it much.  I used CBT to excise a lot of my anxiety and I wonder if I can do something similar with thoughts about alcohol...I feel like AA is not a good fit.  But I'm scared to dismiss it out of hand.  AA clearly works for many many people.  I saw someone celebrate 31 years sober and I was blown away.  I aspire to that lifelong sobriety.  Who am I to question such a successful program?  Who am I to think that I'm special and AA won't truly work for me if I truly work it?  I suspect I could take the plunge into AA find God and stay sober.  But it looks like a lot of work and a lot of personal transformation and embracing a level spirituality that I've never been interested in.  If that's what it takes to stay sober I can do it.  But is that _really_ what it takes to stay sober?  Is AA _really_ the One True Path to lifelong sobriety?..The bottom line is I have a marriage to repair two small kids to care for and an infant sobriety to protect and nurture.  Time does not feel like it's on my side and I want to make the most of my "Gift of Desperation" and my pink cloud.  I have a ton of desire to do the work I need to build the sober future I see for myself.  I don't want to squander those precious resources on an approach to sobriety that does not truly fit for me.  I feel desperate because if I relapse I can't imagine I'll have a second chance with my wife.  And though I know I would survive it is not the direction I would like to go...I realize this post is partly me asking if I can avoid AA and still stay sober and away from relapse.  And I realize none of you can tell me that.  I'm just very very confused as to which path(s) are available.  AA doesn't (yet?) fill like a fit which is making me confused when this subreddit from day one has felt like I found my people.  ..So people of SD are you all in AA and I just haven't met you yet?  Or have you taken a different path and found success (so far...I know it's never a guarantee) in staying sober?
----------immediate responses--------

Personally not a fan of AA (I respect their mission just not a fan of the approach) because of the following:..1) They think the problem is with the person ie an allergy or disease and not with the fact that they've consumed an addictive substance. ..2) The implication is that you will have to fight for the rest of your life against this substance that is so wonderful and fun for "normal" people and you poor addict will have to suffer from the abstinence from this amazing substance for the rest of your life "one day at a time"...Had I not gotten a different perspective (from reading This Naked Mind) I would NEVER be able to quit. 
I have been going to meetings.  I'm letting it play out.  It's good for me to be with others and hear their stories and thoughts in person and not just here.  
I personally can't do AA. For all the reasons you listed and some you haven't posted! However the key is community and support. however you can find that will be beneficial in your recovery. I personally find everything I need right here on this sub. When I'm triggered I read other peoples triggers when I am having a good day or an epiphany I have a place to share it. We are available 24/7 and are truly anonymous. there are other threads that provide excellent alternatives to AA. 
I've never been interested in AA for all of those reasons but it does offer a physical place to go when you're fighting a craving that you think is going to win and I do think that many people need to replace to ritual of drinking with the ritual of AA. Plus there's a community there that many people aren't able to find elsewhere. ..I'm an introverted atheist and TBH I didn't get as deep into my alcoholism as some people. I still looked vaguely functional up until the end and I didn't need medical intervention to quit. It hard to say that AA would never help me because I wasn't really in need of that kind of help. SD is all I've used and it's working for me so far. I rarely think of drinking anymore and when I do it just seems like a bad plan. Like yesterday I was feeling really down and on my way to the convenience store for sparkling water I thought to myself  I could buy alcohol.  And it didn't seem appealing at all. I couldn't even think of a kind I would want. The feeling of being buzzed didn't seem alluring at all. I don't even want to drink within my moderation rules (gotta plan it a few weeks out can't intend to get drunk or buzzed can't slam the drink... it's basically just a way to politely drink a wedding toast a couple times a year)...There are other programs that focus less on religion. I think SMART Recovery is one that helps with both alcohol and drug addiction. If you feel like you still want to go to a physical place to meet with people as a part of your recovery that's one option to look at. ..IWNDWYT 
"Take what you need and leave the rest."    .    .My wife and I quit drinking at the same time. She is an avid member of AA and absolutely LOVES it. I wouldn't consider myself a member but I do go to meetings here and there. It really depends on what kind of meeting you go to. They are all different. I suppose it all depends on where you live but in our town there are "free thinkers" (atheist/agnostic) meetings meditation meetings lgbt meetings mens meetings women's meetings etc. There are also different ways you can interpret the "higher power." It doesn't necessarily have to be God in the Christian sense (or any other religion for that matter)...my wife likes to use GUS (Great Universal Spirit) as hers. Although AA might have some downsides I would argue that the fellowship part of it is *extremely* beneficial. Social anxiety was a big reason why I used to drink. Going to meetings sharing and getting to know others who struggle with alcoholism was a HUGE step forward for me in battling my anxiety. As humans we are social creatures and we receive endorphin release when we socialize. For me going to meetings *feels good*. Quitting drinking can be a little isolating for some folks because they're not going out to bars parties etc. Meetings are a great way to connect.    .Have you tried "shopping around" for other meetings? You'd be surprised how different they can be. You may also want to look into Refuge Recovery. It is a Buddhist mindfulness-based recovery program that usually opens up meetings with 20 minutes of meditation. RR meetings are also held in meditation centers rather than church basements.    .Good luck! IWNDWYT
I absolutely relate. Glad you shared this. Please do yourself a favor and read This Naked Mind. It isn't perfect and you will notice some problems with it but I believe it is a worthwhile read...I've been going to AA heavily over the last couple of weeks. I don't keep like the religion BS but I do like hearing the sharing.
Not in AA here. I don't believe in many of the beliefs - labeling myself an alcoholic thinking that something other than me will restore me to "sanity" (unless we count my Welbutrin. is that my higher power?) having to go for the rest of your life and so on. ..My path is therapy (every other week for almost a year now). I also have CBT skills from when I had massive anxiety and I call on those when feeling like I might want to drink. I won't be in therapy forever I'll build the skills I need to support this new life and go on with my life. ..I also use the SMARTRecovery workbook https://www.smartrecovery.org/smart-recovery-toolbox/ to help me. ..I prefer actual researched mental health resources and techniques and working with someone who is bound by professional standards and ethics. ..My life didn't revolve around drinking when I drank and it's not going to revolve around sobriety now that I'm done. ..AA isn't something you need to earn your way out of you can decide it's not for you and not go. ..There are a ton of ways to get sober. You don't have to try to make AA work for you and you don't have to feel like you are the problem if you don't like it. .. ..
I don't participate in AA.  The reason is **not** because I don't believe in God or the power of prayer...The reason I don't go is because I believe that drinking is an addiction and the way to fix my problem is to STOP drinking.  That's it...*This Naked Mind* and *Alcohol Explained* helped me understand the science behind my addiction and why it is so hard to quit.    Trying to quit after so many years of drinking threw my mind and body into a kind of shock - so knowing why this was happening  has helped make me feel a little less crazy throughout the whole process. ..And yes this sub is amazing.  People here understand each other...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I'm not an expert I've only attended five meetings so far.  However each one just further convinces me that AA doesn't suit me.  But lots of people here swear by it and credit it with saving their lives.  . .I have a lot of the same issues with it as you do but  I'm really trying to keep an open mind about it.  [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dwpz2/can_someone_please_help_me_with_aa_i_cant_do_this/e5kj3nh/) is a comment I found useful each step is broken down in a way that made a bit more sense to me.  ..I'm only keeping it up because it's required by the treatment program I'm starting.  It sounds like you might have to keep it up to save your marriage. ..
AA saved my life I could not get sober without it - tried and failed for years and years. When I finally figured out that I don't have to do it alone it was such a relief. Everyone comes for the same reason. Everyone wants to help others get sober and stay sober as a part of their own program. No need to reinvent the wheel. My advice to people regarding AA - if you would rather keep going down the path you are on with alcohol and you believe you can do it alone then keep drinking and keep trying. I hope you can stop if that's really what you want to do. If that doesn't work then Once you are really ready to quit drinking and change the person that you are you can always come to AA. It's not for everyone to be sure but I've seen many people get successfully sober once they work the AA program. But if you are truly desperate to stop drinking then there isn't any good reason to write it off and assume it won't work because it works for many of us. It even works for atheists and agnostics.
I've never been interested in AA primarily because of that Higher Power thing which I just cannot bring myself to believe (solid atheist here) but I am involved with Refuge Recovery (solid Buddhist too).
I am not in AA or any other organisation. I'm getting all of my open support from Reddit and a little bit of they-don't-really-know-the-extent-of-my-habit support from some of my colleagues.
AA isn't the right fit for everyone. I managed to find an amazing group of atheists/agnostics who meet in my town twice a week under the AA umbrella. That's the only AA meeting I'm willing to go to. They care much much less about the steps and traditions and much much more about the support and community. They look at the  higher power  as the community. ..I've found a few AA workbooks that take a Buddhist approach which has helped...I've only found this sub a few days ago but I can already see that this is going to be much more helpful than any AA meeting. I think support is the key to sobriety and this sub has it in (non-judgmental non-higher-power) spades. 
[removed]
I didn't do AA but it sounds like it is important to your wife that you have external accountability. Perhaps a weekly therapy session would be an acceptable substitute?..There are other recovery groups like SMART. I think there is also online AA which may be more your style. 
I don't think three meetings is an effective sample size.  Not all groups are the same.  I'd consider trying out some different meetings...I don't do AA.  I don't like the idea of confessing that I'm an alcoholic because I don't exactly meet that definition.  For me to admit that would be a lie.  In addition I'm not powerless over alcohol.  I could have one drink and leave it at that.  I feel that SMART recovery is more compatible with me...My suggestion is to stick it out for three months try some other meetings and check out some other recovery options.  
I go to AA but I am not into it too much and I go to other group meetings too. None of them are perfect. I am atheist. My view:..  AA readings and their books are terrible the 70 year old language and view of the world puts me off. Still I find some truth for me in every chapter. Reading through 10-15 minutes together with others help me thinking about my situation trying to find one thing I can relate to and feeling grateful about what I achieved...  I don't like the steps and don't do them. I like a few of the ideas though. Some aspects help - and that's good for me...  The  open sharing  which I try to do each time makes me reflect myself and find resonance of my thoughts in the world. It doesn't matter that I am agnostic and not particularly spiritual in this context - talking about things simply help me. And it's kind of fun sometimes too...  I don't necessarily like all the others there and some people s shares and stories and their behavior just annoy me. Sitting through something like this once a week for 120 minutes gives me a sense of dignity gratefulness for support and accepting and respecting others how they are - something I have lacked as a drunk a lot. This change makes me a better kinder person...  I go to other more modern groups and also there not everything is gold. They have aspects AA don't have and vice versa. Like this I take what helps me and I let flow past what does not interest me.
I just don't like how judgmental AA can be. Everyone bases everything on how much more time they have than this person etc etc. I also had bad experiences with anonymity being broken for the sake of gossip which there is a TON of in the rooms. 
I do use AA. Alone I get drunk today we stay sober. ..There are many paths to sobriety and recover. This is my choice. I truly believe it works if you work it. 
When someone ends with the Lord's Prayer I just don't say it because I too had a Christian upbringing and it rubs me the wrong way...I just speak quietly to the god of my understanding which is my higher self and thank it for allowing me to be sober and I pray good will and happiness on those in the meeting. 
Tl;dr. ..I went to one meeting. Got on antabuse for a few years. Haven't drank since 
I go to AA &amp; it works for me but I do understand it's not for everyone. Have you looked at SMART meetings at all? I go to those too &amp; they have a very different approach &amp; meeting structure. There's no higher power stuff in it at all.
Find what works for you. AA is kind of the standard but there are other options. You see a variety of effective approaches on the sub from people with a variety of different issues with alcohol. There is no one size fits all and AA isn't for everyone.
[removed]
[removed]
Hey! I've been following your posts here and I'm so proud you made it to day 8!..I really tried to like AA. I went to all sorts of different meetings. Some were more religious some were LGBT some for young people some with mostly old people. While I enjoyed hearing the stories they shared I don't like the AA scripture so to speak. It does feel old clunky stodgy and has the sentiment of God's wrath looming over us all. I always felt like I was falling asleep reading those damn books. And it wasn't just alcohol induced exhaustion. AA always made me want to drink more. My relapses and lapses often follow AA meetings. ..Hearing people's stories about drinking and the misery of it created a sense of unity to me but it simply doesn't outweigh how I ultimately feel about AA. Maybe I haven't found the right meeting yet. Who knows but I'm not keen on it as a whole. ..Also while I do understand we're powerless to alcohol WHILE DRINKING I refuse to relinquish MY autonomy and MY responsibility to keep myself sober while at the same time recognising I have a disease that will bite me in the ass if I provoke it. ..AA isn't for everyone. I've also found 10 minutes of being on here infinitely more helpful than AA meetings. I always felt pressure to talk they'd try to get me to read the book aloud I hated it. And I hated how everyone always hounded me at the end of meetings inundating me with info and phone numbers and contacts. Extremely overwhelming for someone like me who's happily a recluse. It's not their fault I know they mean well. It's just not for me I don't think. 
AA has worked for me. I'm not an atheist but I'm also not a Christian which is probably considered just as 'bad ' where I'm from.  I don't advertise it and it's nobodies business. When  we say the Lord's Prayer I pray to my actual dad who passed away.  I hated the idea of the steps hadn't I been through enough? But they turned out to be not so difficult and the reward has been tremendous actually my life is the reward.  My drinking problem has been removed and I'm now able to focus on all the underlying reasons that i started drinking. I realized I had a problem when I was 30 but couldn't stop and drank for ten more years. It got really really bad. Near death bad. Going to meetings and being involved keeps me accountable people are depending on me...I believe there are definitely other paths to recovery for other people. This is my path and the only thing I've found that works believe me I tried everything else I could think of before going back to AA.  I'd say give it more time and try to be open-minded while remembering there are a lot of sick people there some a few days sober and some many years. Best to you  OP!
Im not in AA. I went to one meeting and it's not for me. Honestly Antabuse is the only thing that stopped me. The option to drink is gone. Now I can focus on getting my life back. I'm not powerless anymore. IWNDWYT 
