-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ge4cr/anxiety_experience/

hi there I'm about three weeks in... I've been on meds for anxiety and depression for about 7 years now both of those things are a pretty regular part of my life I am actively working on. I expected to feel more anxiety after quitting drinking and most of the time I find if I sit with it fight the craving and breathe the panic will ultimately go away. However today has been ROUGH and I'm really struggling to slow my brain down. I'm scared that me using alcohol to self medicate and being the drunk version of myself was easier than this. I kind of just feel like my brain is broken... I can talk to my doctor and change my meds I guess that's happened before but it makes me sad that I need so much help to be a normal human...I'm hoping to hear from some other people who have been through this and are on the other side... also IWNDWYT because I know that's how I want to be. Thank you everyone for being here!
----------immediate responses--------

Please don't be sad. No one is  normal!  We're all just looking for balance and it sounds like you're more sensitive to how your brain works. Which is a great thing. I have to remind myself of these things daily.  I am also looking into new meds - the old ones aren't doing the trick now that alcohol is out of the equation. Good luck! IWNDWYT 
Hi there to me this is good proof that your brain is working as it should. If you're like me - and we sound much the same - you have spent years manipulating your emotions and patterns with alcohol. It takes time to mess it up and it takes time to fix it. There's a lot of healing going on and  I know I was on an emotional roller coaster for the first three months. The first weeks were crazy. It's still rough; I just recently began seing a therapist about my increasing anxiety/panic attacks. To me this means that my brain is more and more *my* brain and less the booze drenched victim of my avoidance and bad coping mechanisms. I feel the pain more because I am more naked - more true. That also means I'm closer to a real solution and healing. And even if this shouldn't be relatable or give any comfort - hang in there it gets better. I will not drink with you today! 
As someone on Cymbalta and trying to get sober I hear ya.  But nothing I can do except acceptance that this is my lot in life.  And it will get better if I work at it.  
