-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gezhs/craving_a_beer/

I stopped drinking everyday 15 days ago. I was doing really good then I had to go fuck it up by allowing myself a shot last week and a Mikes Harder lemonade yesterday. ..Im feeling ashamed and disapointed. I knew I had a drinking problem I guess I just convinced myself once in a while is fine. I wanted to get a beer since 11 am. I have no motivation to do anything today. Im feeling irratable. I just want to feel that buzz even though I know drinking makes me depressed gives me insane social anxiety even going to the store made me nervous. ..I am a better person without drinking. Im happier more patience no depression no social anxiety not irritable...I just feel alone today. I feel like I cant tell anyone and im really struggling to not go get another beer. Another beer today means ill still be fighting the urge not to drink again tomorrow :( ..
----------immediate responses--------

Be strong. Just like you were for those 15 days! It's a slippery slope and as much as you tell yourself what harm will it do it might turn into throwing away those 15 days. That's an awesome achievement. Yesterday was a slip up and shit happens. I know you can do it. Remember how happy you felt for those 15 days waking up being proud of not drinking. Focus on that feeling and make tomorrow a great day not another one to regret. You're awesome and you can do it. Stay strong!
Don't beat yourself up over it. It's ok to make mistakes. 15 days is awesome. Some people don't even go 15 hours. I think you seem to already know the answer to not getting another beer. You've proven you have the strength to last 15 days. You also know how awesome not drinking is and what a positive impact it has on you. As for the lonliness is there someone you can call and talk to? Is this the root of the issue? Peace 
We've all been there!! The only thing that worked for me was distraction &amp; sugar. I went to the movies &amp; chugged root beer. Or went for a long walk till I was exhausted. Or went to a museum or something. Congrats on your 15 days &amp; know it does get easier! IWNDWYT 
Bravo on your 15 days!
Sitting in AA meetings when I was new in sobriety really helped me deal with and avoid the cravings. I drank mostly at home so sitting on that same couch alone would have been the worst thing I could have done for the first couple of months. ..If you have never been to a meeting the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking for 24 hours and there is no lifetime commitment. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
