-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ghpwp/i_sipped_cue_4_hours_of_raging_intense_mental/

Tonight I was invited to a best friend's house her brother had made his own specialty wine with hobby equipment growing grapes and everything. Bottle was uncorked with everyone oohing and ahhing and everyone was given a small half glass full...Having spent the last 4-5 days sober coming off 10 days sober I didn't want to relapse again.  I've been feeling stronger and really enjoying sobriety getting things done waking up feeling good.  "I'm not going to drink I'm just going to sip this to be polite to her family" I said to myself since her brother was asking us our opinion of his creation.  I hadn't expected him to be there or for this to happen...I sipped it. Actually it was awful terribly sweet almost like syrup.  "That's good" I thought "This is like corn syrup with alcohol flavor. I would never guzzle something like this."  I kept lightly sipping it as we ate dinner. Suddenly I could feel the old craving for more! more! more! start beating in my brain even though it was a thick and gross port.  I could see myself reaching for the candies in the middle of the table instead and just shoving candy in my mouth.  I knew I had to get out of here. People were taking out other bottles to open real wine the good stuff. My brain was crying for it but somehow my mouth lied and said "I have to be up early tomorrow" and left. I actually left!  But the ordeal had only begun...If you remember that scene from the original Poltergeist movie where the mom opens the door a crack and then there's this screaming shrieking from behind the door so she slams it shut and starts crying.  That is what it felt like.  I had cracked open the door a tiniest bit by sipping the port and now my brain was unquiet and very agitated literally shrieking screaming for more.   .Driving home: "Go get a bottle to take home come on you've been so good it's the weekend drinking during the week is bad but the weekend is ok just this once. Just turn into the parking lot here it comes. Here's the parking lot to the corner store. They've got your favorite one here."   By the grace of God I had not brought a purse with me or I think I might have done it.  My crazy brain started literally "You can find some quarters in the cupholders you can put together a few bucks in dimes and quarters for a beer at least maybe the $3 wine box." Somehow I overpowered my brain arguing that I didn't have a wallet and might not find more than 50 cents in the cupholders what a waste of time that would be and made it home...Then it started again.  "Just go get your wallet and go back to the store.  Come on.  Just today it's Sunday. It's the weekend. Wouldn't that be nice it would be just perfect right now.  It will take 5 minutes or less. You'll be back here glass in hand chilling out. Your wallet's right here five minutes max."..This went on for hours. I felt like I was being harassed by these thoughts.  I couldn't turn them off. It was literally like being somewhere where a guy won't leave you alone and keeps following you around.      ..Some on here have said "not even a sip" and this is the first time I realize the intensity that just a sip can bring on. Wow they were right not even a sip.  It literally opened up the Poltergeist door for me.  It took 3-4 hours for this screaming brain voice to stop demanding alcohol and stop playing with my emotions. It's midnight and I left the party while the sun was about to set.  I don't know how I managed to fight it for 4 hours. I drank a quarter gallon of lemonade I made popcorn I read SD I fought with myself.  Hard won lesson: sips matter a lot! Slippery slope. And my day had been so peaceful up until then! 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you made it back. IWNDWYT 
I completely understand. I'm a few days in to hopefully going a year sober.. And then I got invited out today. I already caught myself thinking I would just have one beer then I rationalized it to two then three. And then I stopped myself and saw where my mind was going and told my friend I was at the boyfriends house and couldn't tonight. The mind is a strange place and as I was thinking all this that's when I knew if I started again drunk Panic_button wouldn't want to stop drinking I barely know her but I know what it takes to find her. Being sober will keep me from wanting more more more.
That's been one snag in my social game I haven't quite come out and said that I have quit drinking for exactly the reason I did ( I haven't said much about it other than I am taking a break. I was a super stealthy closet drunk at home alone drinker so they've never seen me in that way.) ..my friends always offer for me to taste their drinks.....which now that I am thinking about it seems kinda weird. Anyway I have managed to get by not doing it by either just saying no thanks I'm good. One awkward time I smelled the drink instead of tasting it.  .. haven't quite figured out how to gracefully dodge it without making others uncomfortable but I know the monster would perk right up if I did take that taste!
I'm sorry you had a rough night. At least you can walk away with something gained which is you've learned more about what you need to do to stay sober! That's all we can do. I'm happy for you that you were strong and fought those cravings. IWNDWYT 
