-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ghsgf/i_knew_it_was_a_bad_idea/

So me and the girlfriend decided to take a weekend trip to the beach. She knows my struggles what I've been through with detox amd what not and supports my sobriety. Well the devil inside me convinced her that what fun is the beach without a drink or two? She agreed and allowed me to have a few drinks with her. We all know how that goes. One's too many and a thousand's never enough. So after two days of heavy drinking we come home and still have whiskey left over. What do I do? Continue my bender of course! I feel terrible sitting here at work now. Not because I'm hungover I actually feel better than I have in a while. I feel terrible because she begged me pleaded and reminded me we agreed just a drink or two on the beach. I did make that promise but the devil followed me home and lead to that extra day bender. I don't blame her for my drinking it was my choice. But I knew what it would lead to and ignored my better judgement. Now it's time to start over again. So here's to Monday my new Day 1! I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

It's my new day one today too! I'm exactly the same - just a couple of pints with my lunch on Saturday then it all went wrong!
Welcome back. IWNDWYT 
A journey begins and it gets better thank u for coming back
making deals with the devil. temptation is hard to resist but I guess you and her now have a better understanding of your struggle? get back on it!
It's harder to break a sober streak than keep drinking. Another lesson learned.  If only we could teach people to stop drinking but unfortunately we can't you have to learn and get there through experience. Don't beat yourself up pick it up and try again 
When I tried to control it I couldn't enjoy it and when I was enjoying it I couldn't control it...I have to stick with the Alcoholics Anonymous 1st Step 'We are powerless over alcohol.'  For me one drink is never enough...I suggest you try some AA meetings if only to show your SO you are serious this time.
Thank you for the positive thoughts! This was just my little vent but appreciate everybody being supportive. 
