-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gjbx1/dad_at_a_baseball_game_rant/

NOTE: Where I am in my head right now I tend to avoid posts that include a smiley face or exclamation point. Also not a big fan of sobriety clickbait titles like "I was mid-keg stand" and finish up with "And I chugged LaCroix!"..Took young daughter to a baseball game yesterday. First full day of sun we've had in a while. Soaring blue sky. Perfect temps. She was having a blast. They have a playground area in the stadium and we camped out there for a few innings. Of course they have a wonderful bar setup there. ..I'm sitting there watching my kid run as are one hundred other exhausted but enthusiastic dads. we are all enjoying a few moments of solitary freedom evolutionary pride and pure joy. Fuck me if I can't help but notice how AMAZING that 16 ounce can of Loose Cannon looks with the condensation dripping down the side. The fucking can even has a little frost on it. ..So I try "playing it forward" in my head. But each time I try play it forward thought gets short circuited by an even more urgent thought: man fuck Annie Grace and my goddamn naked mind. I cannot think of anything that would feel better than 'too cold to hold' IPA right now. For the next 20 minutes I hate sobriety. I hate Annie Grace. Hate this sub. Hate William Porter explaining alcohol to me. Hate myself for bringing these clowns you clowns into my life. ..I didn't get one. I'm not looking for rah rah me or IWNDDSIRHDS accolades. Just that this really sucks sometimes. ..I guess it's a good thing... that my perceptions are shifting? Maybe? It's not drink vs not drink but drink vs the idea of sobriety. That's a win? Not sure if that makes any sense. Or maybe it's unhealthy in that I'm excusing alcohol and demonizing the messenger. Maybe? That's a loss?..I was more or less a daily night time drinker. Wife is sober. She commented 3 days ago just saying she noticed and appreciated with gentle underlying prodding of "what's going on"? I didn't really answer as I hate telescoping my intentions or actions because I feel it dis-empowers them. Same way I feel about ideas and creativity. Keeping that shit inside gives the idea energy. Don't talk just do. Or maybe it's fear of failure and not wanting to have others establish parameters by which to judge me. ..Right now the thought of not drinking ever isn't one I'm capable of entertaining. I can see situations in the future where failure is more or less built into the system. So for now I'm just not drinking. Yes there are ideas of this being my new default state. But I'm honestly not sure how tenable that idea is. So maybe this is my own version of one day at a time. ..Back to the aforementioned fuckoffed Annie Grace I have read the book cover to cover already and I'm on the 2nd to last chapter on my second read. And honestly I was kind of afraid (and kind of perversely thrilled) of the last chapter on relapse as I could feel my addict brain caressing the idea of reading that chapter with the underlying idea that the very existence of a chapter on relapse makes it okay to relapse. If this is something worthy of its own chapter in such a prominent place well fucking A there's no shame in it!..In the end I didn't drink. But it wasn't easy. While me and my hometown team both came away from the day with a victory my win didn't feel like a "fuck yeah!" but rather a "whoa we got lucky there". I guess there's no point to all this. Just wanted to get it out. 
----------immediate responses--------

(The smiley face is the badge people get when they have under a week sober.)..Thanks for sharing your story. ..
I'm just happy your daughter has a dad who takes her to baseball games. I hope you find spending time with your kid sober is valuable. My husband will never stop drinking so I decided the only way for my child (just turned 2) to have a sober parent and a guaranteed safe ride home or to the hospital if he is sick etc... Was for me to stop drinking for me to be that parent. Your situation is quite different as your wife does not drink so it may be easier to justify/or talk yourself in to a few frosty rounds. I'm a toocoldtohold IPA gal myself...so I really get it...lots of people say you have to do it for yourself not anybody else. I don't know if that is entirely true or helpful. My kid is my number one priority now and part of that is yes I want to be healthy and live a long time so I can always be a part of his life but mostly it's so I can care for him as a child.. Signing off on my ramble. Back to my coffee now...
Vent away. That's what we are here for. It seems like a lot of people are angry in early sobriety. 
 Also not a big fan of sobriety clickbait titles like "I was mid-keg stand" and finish up with "And I chugged LaCroix!" ..I have to tell you that I also find the frequency of these fake-out posts confusing.  But I just don't read them now so - to each their own.  Also have to agree with you on this - choosing much shorter periods of sobriety than "forever" helps me.  Even though for me - there's massive evidence that drinking always turns out shitty for me...I have totally missed drinking - which is weird because - there is a reason why I stopped - a lot \*a lot\* of shitty experiences - mostly around being withdrawn from relationships or checked out of life plus the stomach problems.  One category of shitty experience includes  how I feel about being buzzed while having a kid in my care - feels shitty.  ..Also not being able to grab a good-looking drink is frustrating.  ..I am at a place after a couple of years where - I just resent the marketing...  and a 16oz can of Loose Cannon is 3 standard drinks as far as ABV goes.  That is some bullshit too - looks like a pint marketed like one drink - to make my excessive drinking habit seem not so bad.  "ICE COLD" IPA  - so that I can't really taste it can't taste the alcohol kick.  I am also in a foul mood - and people making money off of my alcoholism kind of pisses me off.
Nice man.  I can relate to the telescoping of intentions comment.  I think it's okay not to commit to "forever" at least that's my approach because I feel like I'm the one in control when I get to choose not to drink vs. the drink being in control telling me I'm not allowed to.  It's the same reason why I get frustrated when I've brought up to my wife about the possibility of me drinking in the future and she responds that she doesn't want me to... might sound crazy but even though I really don't want to drink I just don't want to feel like somebody else outside of me is controlling it.  Keep on keepin' on.
