-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gjccd/struggling_with_the_need_to_make_up_for_lost_time/

Hi friends..As I approach one year of sobriety for which I am beyond grateful and have worked damn hard I do struggle with the idea that I have to make up for the time I wasted well being wasted. I know this is counter-productive to maintaining sobriety so if anyone has any insight on how to move beyond this I'd be most appreciative...IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

For lack of a better word  following.  (I.e. I'm curious too. I wasted yeeeaaars.)
When I came out of a years-long depression I wanted to make up for lost time too. So I just starting doing a ton of stuff - sewing again going to museums reading traveling (whether a day trip to the mountains or longer travel it didn't matter). ..Are there things you feel like you missed out on that you can list and then start doing? Wanted to do stuff you couldn't do before doesn't sound counter-productive to sobriety it sounds like the entire point of sobriety. 
All we ever have is now.  Being present in the moment is what is important.  Some folks spend their whole lives looking to the future or the past.  I know I struggle with this often...Maybe it is a blessing in disguise...if the feeling of lost time causes one to live for today it might be a good thing...Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
If anything it keeps me on my toes that regret.  I mean how can we *not* regret wasting all that time energy and money.  If I look at it there's years I wish I could have lived differently!  I don't intend to keep on piling that up.  Every time I look back right now I'm satisfied with how I've spent my energy since the day I quit.  Have I done my best with what I know?  Mostly.  Is there anything more I could wish for that I could be doing?  Better get on that then.  My goal is to be satisfied with my progress from my quit date.  It's my second life's birthday.  Let's just make the most with what we have now.  IWNDWYT 
I just think  life is best lived in the forward mode... .remember the past.. live in the present to be building for the future. The experiences/ frustrations those 8 years they  are now helping us all 127000 strong. if yu had not been there we would not have yu  with us today.  We got a ship to sail grab a line. 
Meh the more i look at it the more i realize it wasnt time wasted. I learned some pretty valuable things about life that shaped me to be the person i am today. Sure i could have done much more in other aspects but i would have never learned the way i did by making years of mistakes in a row.
I mean there's no way to go back in time so I try to just focus on now and the future the things I have more control over. That way I don't look back with the same thought next year!
Make up time?  It is in the past what has happened has happened.  You are sober so clearly you learned something from that time.  Work to being better tomorrow forget about yesterday.
[removed]
Thank you all so much for your thoughtful comments. This sub is the best. I ended up having a good day--I've been job hunting which stinks and is likely behind a lot of my "I wish I hadn't..." mentality. I had a great meeting with a higher-up in my field and received an email from someone I met with a while ago asking me to apply for an opening in her department. ..Onward and IWNDWYT!
