-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gloig/new_quitter_here/

Im a 26M and was trying to cut back by only drinking a few beers when i would go out because I became a horrible person lash out or project my bad feelings onto others after drinking too much. Recently i decided to "let loose" and take some shots at my regular place. I ended up blacking out and saying some very hurtful things to people i care about. I've apologized to them but one of them wants nothing to do with me afterwords. Which is understandable. So that brought me to the decision to quit drinking totally. I'm in a smaller town in the south get bored easily and have struggled with depression for a while. Alcohol was my medication for when i was feeling down. I have no idea how to do this. I feel so alone in this too because literally all of my friends go out just about every weekend. This is probably the most I've ever opened up to strangers but hoping it will help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there I've just quit in the last couple of days because I have messed up my job and my relationship and I want some chance of my life back. Once I start drinking I struggle to stop; and whilst it starts out fun I soon become a nasty person. ..Congratulations on making the decision. I'm right at the start of this too and know it won't be easy but I want  me  back. 
We might be strangers but we all have this one thing in common. Reading and responding to posts on here instead of pouring a drink has gotten me to my first (almost) week sober in over a year. Reading other people's brutal honesty about their own actions and choices has lead to me being honest with myself. ..You're welcome here! 
Alcohol will always make depression worse.  .Check out the side bar for some podcasts and books to help you. .Congratulations on taking the first steps!  I am not going to lie and say everything will be sunshine and roses  there will be some real sucky days and there will be glorious days ahead.  One day at a time!.IWNDWYT 
Getting sober was the scariest thing I have done in my life. There's so much uncertainty fear isolation and dread.  Keep reaching out keep talking about it. This horrible thing thrives in isolation. It will get better. It got better for me in ways I couldn't imagine; I couldn't imagine what being at peace with myself felt like...Show up one day at a time. 
Hey. I stopped drinking at 27. You can do this. ..These are some things I learned that might be helpful. ..&gt;Alcohol was my medication for when i was feeling down. I have no idea how to do this...Alcohol was how I coped with every single emotion I had. Boredom anxiety stress even happiness -- everything got processed with alcohol. I had to learn how to cope with my feelings in healthier ways. For me this process started with therapy where I have been able to start learning how non-alcoholics deal with emotions. There are also books and articles and youtube videos galore that will help you. Practically what's worked for me is first recognizing and acknowledging the negative feelings then instead of trying to run from them letting them pass through me acknowledging that they will pass that they are just a feeling and not who I am. This is essentially mindfulness practice. Deep breathing helps. Keeping my body nourished hydrated well-rested and active helps a LOT. ..I also started spending more time with hobbies like painting reading biking and running which keep my mind and body busy so I have less time to feel bored left out or alone. Exercise is also really good for boosting dopamine. ..The beginning of sobriety is hard but you can do it. This community was incredibly helpful for me in my first few months and now four months in I still visit nearly every day. You are not alone. IWNDWYT. 
