-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gmqoo/feeling_a_little_less_alone/

this group has been more helpful than anything I've tried previously and I don't even know any of you. of course we all do know each other don't we? isn't that the point? on here it all just boils down to the sobriety. we can each get there however works for us.  ..I'm still wickedly lonely in my real life. I drank in bars not at home. my ex was in the industry which made bar drinking free. really problematic for an alcoholic. so when I left the bars when I left everyone I knew the silence was really stinking loud. I'm not on fb either. and I'm aware I'm whining. ..I've allowed this loneliness to drive me to relapse over and over and I refuse this time. I have 8 days completely clean and I just can't go through this again. I have to detox at home each time and it's horrifying. I can't do it again. ..when I'm sober I'm so shy. funny as hell if you've ever seen me drunk. lol. the thought of meeting new people makes me so nervous. stranger danger! lol..and yet. and yet...I not only can do this. I will do this. I want to do this. I've f-ing got this. :) ..thank you SD for being exactly what I need.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're here with us! 
[removed]
Welcome aboard the sober train.  Next stop a better place than you left! CHOO-CHOOO!  lol.....IWNDWYT!
Glad to have you!  We are here to help you with your journey.  IWNDWYT :)
Would you try an AA meeting  just to meet other people along this journey . It might help with the lonliness .  .I drank because I was alone alot . Now I go to a few meetings a week and look forward  to chatting with people and on tuesdays I go for brunch after a morning meeting often there is 8 or more people and its a nice feeling to belong
Welcome! I definitely second AA. Don't let being shy hold you back you don't have to say or do anything. But feeling the sense of community and shared history that we've all been through - some worse than others really helps you to connect with other like people and allow you to realize you're not alone and you are ok. And there IS hope and a MUCH better more fulfilling life being sober..Either way we're all here with the same intention - to stay sober and share encouragement and support..
Thank you for posting! I'm so glad you're here. And it's true we're not alone. We share the same struggles and the same goals and have each other for support. IWNDWYT! 
