-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gncck/relapsed_in_my_dream_last_night/

Very strange vivid dreams last night. There were people who I haven't seen for years in it and friends I still have. I dreamed I drank twice. From what I remember I had a few beers and was feeling tipsy...Then in another dream it was my best friend and my best friend from high school who I haven't seen in nearly ten years all having a bottle of Bud each. I took a couple of sips then said I didn't want it and gave it away. Though I was feeling drunk in the dream I still gave that Bud away. ..Still woke up feeling gutted and expected that disgusting taste of stale alcohol in my mouth...but then it dawned...mouth all clean and...oh thank God it was just a dream!..I had a few drinking dreams when I first got sober but this one came right out the blue. So many weird events happened that I remember. But even in the dream I chose to stop drinking because I knew it was wrong! :D
----------immediate responses--------

I have two drinking dreams over the last 2 weeks.  Very real (although to be fair all dreams are more vivid now because I'm sleeping better) and unsettling but like you got a bounce when I realized it was just a dream.  A good reminder that not drinking is the path for me.
Recently had a dream where I got blackout drunk and woke up horrified. I was so relieved when that wasn't the case. 
Drinking dreams are very common and they could last for months. I had one last night and I'm 8 months sober...IWNDWYT
I still have dreams about it after 4 years. They used to happen more but they haven't gone away I doubt they ever will. I mean I still have dreams about high school and I graduated 12 years ago. If anything I kind of like those dreams because I wake up and am a little afraid I screwed up but then i can remember exactly what i did the night before and it's a real sense of relief. 
Me too!  I was drinking in a childhood bedroom with an old friend heard sirens and ran to the front windows a city skyline was all in flames and I remember thinking oh shit this is dangerous and heading my way  I wish I was sober.  I was so close to cracking last night so glad I made it to 66 days
