-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9goret/day_40_for_this_binge_drinker_and_chronic/

Greetings fellow sober people. I've been busy and missed my 30-day post so I thought I would drop some words today. ..I am a binge drinker. At 43 years old my drinking habits are no different than when I first got drunk in high school. My beginnings with alcohol actually go back further than that when I used to sneak chugs of Coors Original out of my father's German stein at age five. Since childhood I've always had a weight problem and have suffered depression embarrassment and social anxiety. Alcohol has always made me feel like I fit in. ..Binge drinking is deceptive because we can quit drinking for long periods of time. Enough to go to work and perhaps succeed at short-term diet plans. When tough times hit or it's time to celebrate however that is when binge drinkers go to work. ..In 2012 I finally got my first DUI after getting away with drunk driving hundreds of times. I knew something was wrong but I was convinced that I could cut down to just beer or become a normal drinker after several one on one visits with a therapists. After all other people can drink just one or two why not me? I'll tell you why. It's because I'm an alcoholic. I have an alcoholic mind. I'm never satisfied with just one drink. I want ten drinks at the bar and then I'll pick up a 12-pack and have some more at home. ..Forty one days ago I was a puddle lying in the fetal position in my bed after a nasty bender. My bank account was empty. I had done it again. I had moved cities this March in search of improving my lot in life and here I was back to the same old habits. Enough is enough...I looked for AA meetings in my area and found a wonderful group near my residence. They've been very helpful and really seem to understand me. My last go-around with AA I was in with mostly meth-addicts and I never identified with them. This time I found alcoholics and a wonderful sponsor that understood my drinking habits. I've been going to meetings and working the steps with my sponsor and that's made all the difference this time around. I still think about alcohol from time to time but I have no desire to drink. I've had enough. I've joined the local gym and I'm hoping to make working out a lifestyle change this time. With daily accountability and the grace of God I will. ..I know that I will need to go to AA meetings for the rest of my life. Binge drinkers have to constantly be on guard and resist the deception that 'I've given up alcohol for so long now I must be cured I can drink normally.'. For me I'm convinced that will never be true. I am powerless over alcohol. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!
First of all congratulations on 40 days.  And second of all you don't need to go to AA meetings for the rest of your life but you absolutely can for as long as you want.  If that's forever then cool.  
Congratulations. All AA meeting are a bit different so sometimes you need to try a few until you connect with one that works for you. .I am going to be an AA lifer but that is not a bad thing. I really like a lot of the people in AA.
Congratulations!  Sober On!
Awesome...One sober moment at a time.. 
Thanks for the share. Keep on truckin'  
Yes AA and the big book will change you if its time. I too have a very nice group of people nearby and I thank God for those people. 
Bravo!
Happy 40... I will not drink with you today.
Such clarity. You really know what you are talking about I believe you should never drink again. When will I convince myself I can't drink again? Youre a good role model
I recognize myself in this post. I'm the same.  I went a significant amount of time without a drink (years) and then relapsed. I started back slowly handling one or two drinks like a   normie   thinking I could handle it and I did for a few months. But then you're in a social setting you feel good you keep drinking and boom yet another binge night. Rinse and repeat. ..I'm now going to meetings. I have to - it keeps me accountable to others because I've proven that I can't be accountable to myself. ..Keep strong ODAAT and IWNDWYT. 
