-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gqffi/i_did_it_again/

How many relapses did it take you guys before sobriety seemed to stick? I just relapsed AGAIN and am so frustrated with my poor judgement. I had 20 days sober and then convinced myself I could have a drink at dinner. That drink turned into buying a bottle of whiskey because I just wanted  one more . That one more turned into the entire bottle gone in one night. I've been doing this to myself for the last 10 years. How many times do I have to over-do it before I realize that moderation is not going to work for me? It's like I know that I'm an alcoholic but still manage to convince myself that I can control my drinking. I have to swear off it completely. Let me know if you have any tips for staying strong when temptation strikes. That demon in my head is a wily little sucker. I'm starting back on day 1 once again. IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

A  hundred at least. Maybe two. Im not being flip. 35 years at least.
are you doing anything like therapy? working through workbooks that deal with the issues like the SMARTRecovery materials https://www.smartrecovery.org/smart-recovery-toolbox/ ..trying urge surfing when temptation strikes? https://portlandpsychotherapyclinic.com/2011/11/riding-wave-using-mindfulness-help-cope-urges/..doing mindfulness and acceptance work? https://www.amazon.com/Get-Your-Mind-Into-Life/dp/1572244259..Learning meditation so you can feeling a feeling of temptation and not act on it? .
Twice. Caveat to this is that I'm not considering the hundreds of times I half-assed quitting. Once I resigned myself to the  never again no moderation is possible  side that seemed to be the difference that led to sobriety success so far. Seven months then a three day planned relapse and it's been two months since then. No looking back. Charging ahead.
You need support dude... like in person support whether it be AA or SMART or Buddhist meetings or Atheist meetings... ..I know some people find this kind of place support enough but if you're anything like me it's just not gonna cut it. 
I don't have any advice other than to keep trying. As for how many times I stopped counting after a while. It was as many times as needed for it to stick is how I see it.
I don't call them relapses .It helps me i i get real.I call them dumm ass  attacks.I try to get brutally honest with myself that's why I call them dumbass attacks
I had to make a choice first convince my body (easy) it was my mind that needed the supportive words everyday which I faithfully fed it each and everyday. Book- Change your brain change your life. I also stay here with SD daily for my support .IWNDWYTD
It took me 7 years for it to sink into my brain that I can not drink anymore. 3 years ago I walked into a AA meeting drunk then got 30 days sober relapsed and never went back to meetings after that I would get 30 days here 20 days sober there then hit rock bottom last year I spent my rent money and had to leave the unit I lived in. I was homeless for 5 months drunk roaming the streets doing crime and stupid things to get any alcohol and food I could. Then I moved town to try and get myself together which I found another unit to rent I got sober for 3.5 months from Augusta Christmas then I decided to have a drink on "Christmas eve" and will start fresh again after that that relapse turned into me not paying rent on time again spending my food money drunk and going crazy outside my unit all my neighbors hearing me yelling and music up loud. Then I got sober again 50 days until my birthday decided to drink again went on  8 day bender blacked out for 4 days list my phone spent my rent again it never ends for me when I drink.. I finally managed to get sober and fight through 30 days again I have kept fighting since .. This time I think is it I'm done  I'm over that shit . 15 years of drinking has made me realise it never makes anything better in my life it makes everything worse.
So it wasn't a spur of the moment thing. It was a long planned event where I wanted to share controlled drinks with someone who was really hurting from loss while we were on a vacation. I Prepared for it (allocated 3 drinks per day with no way to obtain more) . I participated in SD the entire time To make sure I was grounded in the reality that this was the only exception to my sobriety (because we lost a dear family member and nobody really knows about my Sobriety efforts and I didn't want to make it about me). I set my plan for getting back on wagon immediately after. Simply this Relapse was planned from beginning to end so I call it a planned relapse. ..What I wasn't prepared for was The kindling effect. I had more physical and psychological symptoms after that three drinks a day for three days (very mild on the spectrum relapse) Then I did when I first got sober in December after 2 decades of frequent but not daily binges. ..I don't recommend any relapse planned or not. It sucked.
It took me more times than I can remember until it took.  Keep trying!
Thanks a lot for the post. I've been toying with the idea of moderation for a few weeks now but I think I know where it would take me... I haven't really ever wanted just "a beer" so for now I won't be taking the first sip as I too would end up with a fifth of whiskey. I'm proud of you for trying it out and seeing that it doesn't work for you. Here's to another 20 days and more!
