-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9grk8j/just_finished_day_4_thought_id_introduce_myself/

Drinker for about 10 years heavy drinker for about 3. At it's worst I was doing a 5th of rum for several days in a row. About a year ago I decided I needed to quit before it destroyed me and I attempted (unsuccessfully) to self taper many times. Then about 4 weeks ago I told a couple close friends about my problem and they tried to check in with me daily to make sure i was following my taper plan. Did pretty good and got down to 2-3 drinks a day but stupidly instead of cutting it off I kept doing my 2-3 a day for another week or so. Got a couple weeks off work and relapsed really hard. Ended up in the hospital with dangerously low electrolytes. Got admitted and stayed a little less than 3 days. I'm home now and mostly feeling okay - got a script for librium which was doing wonders for me in the hospital. Only took one dose today this morning and I'm feeling a little off but honestly pretty good considering. Main thing now is my face is flushed red like a beet and I still sweat like a pig when I do anything physical. Talked with a local recovery program today and going meet Wednesday and see what that brings (meetings etc - willing to try it all at this point). So sorry if this post is a bit rambling but just wanted to introduce myself and get into this community as another way to help make it stick. Looking forward to a sober rest of my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Hope you continue feeling better.  
Nice work. Try not to think about it in terms of the rest of your life though. It's easier at least it is for me to just say not today. I had to change just about every aspect of my life in order to get and stay sober and created a much better and more enjoyable life in the process filled with people who don't drink or party at all. For me the first month was the hardest to stay sober and some days I still have an occasional fleeing thought that I want to drink but it usually passes much quicker than ever before because I tell myself how much better things are and how much happier I am being sober. Keep up the good work you're on a good path friend.
&gt;my face is flushed red like a beet and I still sweat like a pig when I do anything physical. ..  .I had that too but it did get better in a few weeks. A couple months and it was pretty much back to normal
Welcome! This is a great place to be. I learned more about myself in a few months here than I did for a decade rambling on my own. It really picked up pace when I began participating. I will not drink with you today!
Sounds like you've had a tough time recently. You've come to the right place. What I found extremely helpful was checking in here every morning still do it each day and read people's stories and responses. I've pick up some really helpful information like the suggestion to read The Naked Mind by Annie Grace. It's an amazing book and a total game changer for me and so many other people here. Getting sober has been the best thing I've ever done for myself. I wish you well and IWNDWYT  
Congrats on your fourth day. Be kind to yourself - "rest of my life" could be a daunting prospect though - for me small steps at a time were more beneficial - I am only on Day 19 (AGAIN) and went through serious bouts of depression and withdrawal so took it hour by hour; some days even minute by minute in order to survive...Thanks for introducing yourself and all the best - let's not drink today.
Welcome friend. Willingness to try it all is a great attitude. Everyone's path is different. I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
It's nice to have you here. I found reading on here so helpful. I have learned about resources been encouraged by success stories been enlightened by other's experiences and mainly I have realised I am not alone. Iwndwyt
