-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gtv6w/im_drunk_no_one_will_notice/

I met my new bf about 3.5 months ago and he doesnt drink atall. My drinking however was escalating after a year of relapse and I was at the mega craving drinking to do anything phase. I can barely think of a day where ive not seen him either with a hangover or mildly drunk. Awful way to be. One day he spent the whole day at my place and i literally drank all day.....beers in the morning.... more alcohol later....more again at dinner etc etc etc....What I was fooling myself into thinking was he hadnt noticed..I was slurring my words by the end of the night....to this day he hasnt mentioned it. Anyway my point is...I was making a fool of myself I was letting myself down....and it had to stop.. I know this is quite a mild story in the scheme of what alcohol can do.but never again do I put myself in a position where I look foolish and act pathetically. Ive blacked out with him aswell. I want to show him the real me......IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I thought the same thing last night. I was trashed thinking no one would notice but I know they all did. 
People aren't. Just me I am.
[removed]
I did a lot of the same stuff with my husband who doesn't really drink. I work a lot from home and would drink early so he wouldn't see me. Ridiculous when I think about my thought processes then! He could see right thru my denial and bs. I couldn't even cook a proper meal. He finally called me out on it and it was at a point I was ready to listen. Iwndwyt :)
I went on a second date with a beautiful girl last Saturday. She's almost completed her doctorate. Pro-Latin dancer great smile and personality to boot. Dinner went great and we stopped for drinks next door. At some point we somehow ended up doing some car-bombs I bought. That's the last thing recall. I'm assuming I said something foolish during the blackout since she hasn't responded to any of my texts...Anyways enough is enough. I refuse to let another one slip away due to my drinking. I suggest you do the same before it's too late! I'm almost complete with day 9 of sobriety. Best of luck to you my friend. IWNDWYT
