-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gufyz/i_could_really_use_a_friend/

About a year ago I was offered a job that made my wife and I move across the state with about four days' notice. Since then we've both been struggling with sobriety and finances and our relationship has slowly been deteriorating. We've started seeing a counselor. We're also both struggling to make friends and find new activities to get us a bit of healthy time away from each other...Her brother got married this weekend and the days leading up to the wedding were really stressing us both out. I managed to keep my shit together through the entire event and was even asked to drive one of the groomsmen home. ..But last night everything kind of blew up. We had a bit to drink and a few things that have been bothering me came out in an unhealthy way. I excused myself to the couch for the night just to give us a bit of space to cool down and sober up. This morning things seem okay and I know when we both get home from work we'll talk about it but today I'm just feeling guilty and full of shame and hangover fog...I don't really have any friends I can share this with which is why I'm posting here. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking ruined my relationships.  Shit always came out at the wrong time and in the wrong way. Plus even when things went well and both me and the person I was with were drinking we independently were dealing with our own shit in bad ways so that it was just creating a storehouse of shit that would blow up later (with and without alcohol)...Think of that: a shit house explosion!..Things can get better. Take heart. Take action...IWNDWYT 
You're not alone. For me drinking would turn tiny little things to these big massive things. I'd say awful things to friends I'd continue inappropriate relationships. It made me selfish but in this mad destructive way where I would not even gain anything from it...But the best thing is if you quit now all of that stops. It's been two weeks since I caused trouble my friends are beginning to forgive me as they can see I'm making an effort to change...Sobriety gives me peace of mind that I don't have to deal with that fallout ever again!
I suggest you look up the local Alcoholics Anonymous meetings...If nothing else going to a meeting will show your wife that you are serious about staying sober and you'll get a chance to meet some sober neighbors...Good luck.
hey friend.  i quit drinking 100 days ago.  .i lost all my drinking buddies.  nobody calls if i'm not paying i guess.  but i am working on finding new friends.  not easy at 53 years old.  but i'll be your friend. you got this.  
No you may not have a friend. Instead you cam have 130000 friends and allies cheering you on! IWNDWYT 
So hard after a certain age to find friends.   I know a lot of people I am not friends with a lot of them.   I have been trying to call/text people I want to stay in my life.  .I understand what you are going through.  My SO and I moved 3x so we have had to make friends all over again.  Harder for me since I stopped drinking. .IWNDWYT 
I have met people thru AA meetings and a website called meetup.com where you pick your interests and you will get suggestions for groups of people nearby with the same interests and the groups meet up for activities. 
Hi friend - someone else mentioned that this is a great community for support. Here for you!
Making friends when in 30's is hard hi!   I moved to live with hubby.  Then had 2 kids who I love to bits but meant more time at home.  Hubby is shy and doesn't really like socialising whereas I do. Made one friend here who I ended up driving away because of my drinking.   ..I hope you and your wife have a good heart to heart and sort things out.  
Have you tried AA?..When I finally stopped denying I needed help I discovered a whole new group of friends. I will be in AA for the rest of my life because no matter where I go there will be AA members who are willing to help and comfort me and let me know I am not alone. 
You've got friends here 24/7.  We care.  
Hey Traverse welcome to the club and great job on reaching out here at SD; you're amongst 130K+ friends!..I found [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_it.27s_my_first_day.__what_do_i_need_to_know.3F) helpful...If you're interested in recovery groups (in addition to AA) you may want to check out SMART and Refuge Recovery. SMART is online convenient and very helpful...Please keep posting I'd love to hear how you're progressing :)..
You've got more friends than anyone I know! Hug your wife and take one day at a time...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
[removed]
Where you at brother? Listen ALL relationships go through shit like this. I'm sure you're both great people. Pick one think that you love and pour yourself into it. Make it YOUR thing. It doesn't matter what other people think. Take an hour to yourself a day and do your thing. Forget friends. As a man friends will come from doing YOUR thing. Most of the time people just wanna get together and drink. FUCK THAT.
