-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gv1rd/transitioning_after_work/

School actually. Just started again a few weeks back at a relatively advanced age. Still adjusting to the schedule the curriculum the workload classrooms already feeling behind and anxious but I know how to get organized and ask for help. ..All my adult life at the end of the day plagued with that wired/tired feeling after work a long commute and an evening of more work I looked forward to a drink to sort of  mark  the transition. To note that my time and my mind was my own again. ..I'm mainly working on not getting as mentally involved in my internal dramas during the day so there's less to drink about at the end. I exercise and meditate in the mornings my nutrition is good and I go to bed early. Still I'm so fried at the end of the day that it's been a real struggle to find a transitioning activity that kind of wipes my brain and offers a fresh start for the evening work. ..I've tried playing games on my phone (addictive!) a cup of tea a shower a walk around the block. I appreciate that it'll take time to adjust. ..What do you do to  take yourself back  at the end of the day? ..Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

I cook dinner as soon as I walk in the door. It gives me something to look forward to and then eating a nice meal gives me the physical transition into relaxing.
I also try to take a walk during the day just to get out from under the fluorescent lights and if no one's around some lunges and squats for circulation. 
Since I've stopped drinking I come home plop down on the chair grab my laptop and hangout in the SD Chat.  Then I get something to eat and maybe play some video games.  By about 10PM I'm barely able to stay away then it's off to bed.  So far so good.   :)  I think you'll settle into a more relaxing routine soon enough.  We are all here for you!  IWNDWYT
This is really interesting good post! I struggle with the same what I identify as an activity that sorta takes the steam off/make me relax. I run a lot but lately I don't look forward to it as I work a lot and very intense on a sales contract so I actually really just want to drink or eat excessively to take the steam and doze of/go to bed. I often feel that if I just go home and watch tv I am either wasting my time or still  edgy . .I haven't played any games but maybe it's worth looking into :) I would say though that the feeling after a good workout where your pulse has been high and your body has been working is the greatest feeling in the world! For me it totally beats being drunk because I know I will wake up and not be able to perform the day after whether that is at work in my relationships physically in my running etc. 
I make a mocktail. I love Seedlip NA spirits with tonic and lime. https://seedlipdrinks-us.com/ ..Our brains are dumb so when I make the drink in the same glass I used to use for my gins and tonic my brain thinks "ooh yes! end of day time to wind down let's shift into relaxation mode." It's like a placebo pill. ..It's a drink that I don't have at work or while I'm driving (unlike seltzer or plain water) so it helps to "mark" the transition. ..
