-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gvf68/relapsed_and_sober_againdivorcing_living_in_my_car/

Just when you thought you hit rock bottom and it couldn't possibly get any worse.....oh but wait it can always get worse. I relapsed. Went to jail for two weeks partially because of it. I'm divorcing partially because of it. The other part of why I went to jail is because I did something so stupid and petty during my relapse. The other reason I'm happy to be divorcing is because I've been with my husband for 19 years and he is and always has been and physically and emotionally abusive shit. This is why I've always been a raging alcoholic...I'm sober today and am staying that way.  My husband filed for divorce this past Friday. I started working last Monday and have two beautiful daughters that I'm going to work my ass off to make it right for them. Have a home for them when they need their mom. I'M A GOOD mom...I'm not a perfect mom. But I promise my kids  won't remember me as drunk (Like I remember my parents being). They will know that I will never be a perfect parent but I will try every day to be the best mom I can be. ..Leaving was impossible....but I'm doing it and I'm doing ok. And I will not drink today
----------immediate responses--------

I was going to send you some inspirational words but it is your story and dedication to yourself and your children that has inspired me. 
You can do this!   Remember that there are likely resources in your area available just for times like these (single mother trying to start a new life after abuse) and don't be shy to use them while you're getting back on your feet.  Best wishes to you!
Thank you for this honest post. I wish you the best and you are a true inspiration! 
Where are you located?  Wondering if there are local resources that can point you to a women's shelter so you can get physical and emotional support instead of having to live in your car.   You can do this but it'll be a heck of a lot easier with some support from the community.   You are truly remarkable and strong.  You are on the right path.
You are an amazing inspiration. It takes an incredibly awesome person to look at their life see they messed up see they weren't being treated fairly knowing the consequences and then leaving that life no matter the cost to rebuild their life the right way. You are incredible. This post really resonated with me. IWNDWYT.
Thank you for sharing with us. I really hope you are OK and everything works out. 
Lots of people live in their car by choice and love it. YouTube it and maybe you could get some ideas to make it cozy.lol you got this!! 
You got this. Your words are incredibly inspirational. Thank you!
Thankyou for sharing I hope you can get a new home soon. I have lived in my car before and I was drinking it was horrible. Keep strong friend. God will help you in time of need if you call to it. I won't drink with you today. 
