-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gy0y5/i_wish_id_been_more_coy_about_my_membership_in_aa/

For a decision as significant as getting sober I feel remarkably free of regret. But there is one exception. I wish I had told fewer people about my membership in AA...My intentions were good. I was and am incredibly proud to have gotten sober. It bothers me that alcoholism which I regard as a disease is so stigmatized   and I believe that the only way to destigmatize it is through transparency.  Would I hesitate to tell people for example that I'd beaten cancer? I thought also that by being open about my alcoholism I'd encourage others who felt like they needed help to approach me. ..When I told people about my decision to stop drinking nearly everyone was extremely happy for me though some looked shocked that I would disclose such a personal matter. ..AA's 12th tradition is a reminder that anonymity is the spiritual foundation of the program; it's half of the name after all. At first I figured that as long as I didn't disclose anyone else's membership I could do what I wanted with my own. But recently I've become a lot more coy about being in AA. This isn't because I'm any less proud; on the contrary as time passes my affection for Alcoholics Anonymous has only deepened. ..But I should have recognized that like it or not alcoholism remains stigmatized. By telling people at work and elsewhere about my inclusion in AA I have made myself vulnerable to them forming impressions of me that I might not like. I might believe that sober alcoholics are the strongest people I know; a "normie" however might think that they're people who lacked enough discipline to develop a drinking problem in the first place. A "normie" might regard a recovering alcoholic as a person susceptible to relapse while someone who simply "doesn't drink" is unlikely to conjure such fears. These impressions unfortunately can stick...I am personally comfortable with bearing the scrutiny of being in AA. But I'm not just placing my own reputation at risk   I'm also risking the reputation of AA itself. If I relapse a person may come away with the impression that AA doesn't work. And even if I remain sober a person may associate aspects of my character or personality with AA fairly or not. ..This isn't an issue I lose much sleep over. The people at work I've told about my sobriety are friends. But these days I am much less open about my involvement in AA. And while I can't go back and "undo" my previous transparency I intend to be coy about my sobriety going forward. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

They might also think that there are 2 types of drinkers: alcoholics and "normies" instead of there being a spectrum and that even people who don't fit "alcoholic" drinking patterns might want to stop but be turned off from going to AA by terms like "normie" which seem to imply they don't belong in that cool club. 
What a great post. .This self disclosure bit me in the backside. 
Most people know that I am a recovering person and I occasionally get asked if I still go to meetings and the answer is still yes. If I get a further question as to why after so many years the answer is that I feel that I have been lucky and need to give back. The universal response is positive and we move on to the next subject. I just took a new job and in my initial interview I disclosed that I am in recovery. I knew that it would come up and I want to disclose under my terms.
It's a dilemma that I've experienced. On the one hand secrecy is a necessary condition of shame and secrecy also perpetuates stigma. On the other hand disclosure can have unintended consequences and once the information is out there it's not something that you can retract. ..My take on it now is that my alcoholism isn't something that I tell everyone about because it's a personal issue and it's just not appropriate to share everything with everyone. It's like any other sensitive private issue in my life - many people don't need to know about it and it can also be a burden on others to share inappropriately. 
[removed]
This is why I have been more open with friends/family than coworkers.   Thanks for sharing.
Like it or not the reality is that people can and will use anything we say against us in the course of life.  A means to an end type thing  all is fair in love and war'.  My boss sometimes brings my quitting drinking up as a kind of threat.  It's something he could try to use against me to damage my reputation here.  People can be dicks when they want to have something on you.  Fuck those people my journey has to be a somewhat private thing.. thank god for SD!  I can talk about it all I want/need here.  IWNDWYT strength comes in anonymous packages.  
That's essentially what a lot of the 12 traditions are for. Things get sticky when you break your anonymity. Now people may assume if you miss work that you've fallen off the wagon etc. and assume AA failed. 
You can be as anonymous as you want to be just don't break others anonymity. ..Nearly everyone I know knows I am sober.  A lot of people ask for my help because of that...Either way it's not relevant here as this is sd not AA...Congratulations on not drinking today. 
IMO my business is just that my business. Too much can go wrong in the workplace by disclosing my drinking issues.
This is interesting I haven't attend AA but I can easily imagine people  waiting  for the slip up.   Good advice 
Most people I tell about my sobriety (I'm not a member of AA) state they admire me for sharing something so deeply personal and how they admire my will-power to go through with it. If there have been any negative reactions those were certainly not voiced. It's either been 100% supportive or a simple shrug (this typically happens whenever anyone offers me a drink I refuse and they ask why I don't drink. My explanation is sufficient for them and not anything they'll frown at).
My now ex-wife forced me to tell family and friends I was going to rehab.  It was clear she wanted pity and recognition from people for putting up with my shit.  Almost immediately everyone broke off contact with me and it remains so to this day.  Alcoholism is so stigmatized in the US it's ridiculous.
