-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h3yoz/5_years_clean_today/

I remember a meeting I went to on day 4 of this round of clean time and someone there had around 4-5 years. I was sitting there still having some withdrawal symptoms and it seemed completely impossible that I could ever get that much time but I also remember thinking that I couldn't wait to be one of those people who have 5 years.   It doesn't feel like it's been that long but it also kind of feels like another lifetime. ..I don't know what else to say really. My mind is kind of blown right now that I'm "one of those people" finally. I'm just super proud of myself and so grateful for the progress I have made and the progress I'm still working on. ..All of us have the capability to be 5+ year people please keep going through the struggles it truly does get better (even if it doesn't always feel like it sometimes). ..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome work! You inspire me. :)
congrats 5 years is huge
Did u find your cravings or thoughts of drinking went away?
As someone just starting I appreciate the report from 5 years! Good job. I can already feel it getting better for me. Hope you have a little or huge celebration of some sort :).Iwndwyt
Awesome! Congrats!
I wanna be one of those people too. I hope I can be.
Congratulations on 5 years of living free that is great. ...Keep coming back  it gets better. 
https://imgur.com/9kG1bFc ..Congrats!
Congratulations! What are your top five tips for success?
Congrats!!! Proud of you!
Yay!
Congratulations. Thank you for the wisdom and inspiration of what it's like to be sober that long. Hope to be sober that long and beyond one day. One day at a time. 
Way to go champ! So proud of you!  
Great job and congrats on 5 years! IWNDWYT 
Huge congrats to you!! ....and I'm guessing your life has improved in a few ways? Please share more if you can!
Thanks for inspiring us.  Congrats. 
Incredible and your added advice that the desire to drink never goes away is helpful.  We have to learn how having a little doesn't work.  Congrats
Congratulations!  I can't wait to get there too!
Congrats! 
Thank you so much for sharing!  My big goal is 5 years and while I'm chugging right along on schedule I still get nagged by those desires to test out my addiction and have "just one".  So thanks for reminding me that it's a worthwhile goal!  Congratulations on 5 years!!
Congrats I'm two years I can't wait to be 5!
It's hard not to look back 5 years ago and think dammit I wish I had done it for real back then.  I could feel this proud instead of thinking about all that time that's slipped through my hands over the years and the tough road I have ahead of me.
   Congratulations!! Always inspiring to hear these stories of hope!! ..IWNDWYT    
congrats! that's so amazing!
As a mom of 2 adult children (in recovery) I want to say how proud I am of you.  I know it takes a LOT of hard work.  I"m so happy for you....AND your mom. :)
I'm looking forward to get there respect! 
That's so awesome! I hope I can be one of those people one day. 
I remember autumn 2013. Had some work stress drank. Got back on the wagon did intermittent fasting drank green smoothies homemade veggie soups lost a good bit of weight thought I could enjoy wine a thanksgiving more work stress started going crazy with the drinking never stopped.  So glad you stuck to it!   I have a lot of bad health issues now 5 years later alcohol related. Congratulations and proud of you.  
Congrats! X
.[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Congrats     
It truly does get different (if not better ;)..Congrats!!!
Nice work. Stay in the day (which is hard at milestones) remember the good and bad days that got you to this place. Gratitude to those that pave the way and helped you on yours. ..Congrats again. At this moment my sponsor told me something I'll never forget. "That's great. Get to a meeting." We are all one bad choice away from going back - if you have five years or if you have fifty. 
this is just awesome inspiration:-))))))
That's awesome. Thanks for the encouragement 
Well done.   Amazing 
Yay!!!!!! Way to stick with it through the struggles. 
Congratulations on **5 years of Freedom!!!**    
Congrats on your milestone! 5 years is awesome!!
awesome!
I am super jealous!!!
Such an Everest ..IWNDWYT .
I'm coming up on 7 years of not smoking and I never thought I'd be one of those people. Hopefully I can do the same with alcohol.
