-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h9gmw/day_3_got_bad_news_and_now_im_really_struggling/

Hi guys. I'm a long time lurker on this sub on my main account and finally made a decision to take control back over my life and quit alcohol 3 days ago...I've been mainly pretty positive so far and have felt ok. I quit smoking 3 years ago and keep telling myself if I did that I can do this too. ..I'm a single mom in my 30s and I've never admitted my drinking problem to anyone so I'm sort of going through this alone as far as a support system...Right when I got out of work today I got some really disappointing news that I didn't get this life-changing job I had a really good feeling about. This interview process has been intense and gone on for months and I was a finalist. This job would have helped my son and me in so many ways...I know it's not the end of the world but I feel so crushed and demoralized and it took literally everything I had in me to not stop at the liquor store by my apartment to stop and get something to drink. I made myself go home instead and I'm upset and can't stop crying but I WILL NOT DRINK. It won't help me even if it feels like it will. It will just make things worse and cost me money and my health...I just needed to write this down - thank you for reading and best wishes to all of you strong people.   
----------immediate responses--------

Well it feels like the end of the world for you. So you have a right to your emotions. .Stay sober no matter how bad this feels. Sometimes things happen for a reason and it might be that you need to beat alcohol to move ahead. ..You got close and maybe it is time to get help and not go it alone. I've met many people in AA who recovered their sobriety and went on to have very successful careers. You can too. This is not the last job in the world. So stay strong and know that many people are praying for you. 
Really sorry to hear that you got some bad news.  We can't stop bad news from happening but remember what they say in AA:  "There is no day so bad that alcohol will not make worse."  ..New day and new opportunities tomorrow!
Sorry to hear the bad news :( I would cry all day too...I imagine that's been a stressful process so at least you know it's over definitely and can move on to bigger and better things!
When life goes to shit remember that shit is fertilizer. You need fertilizer to grow. Embrace it. Pain and stress will turn to strength and eventually you'll use that to move forward. Giving up would be such a waste of the opportunity you failed to see potential in! Best Wishes
I'm so sorry.  It takes a lot these days to go through exhaustive interviews - such a disappointment!  Glad you know how alcohol will have its costs - and you need your health to be best for your son and climb the next inevitable hurdle whatever that may be. 
Crying is okay. Let it out and stay in the game. You can do this and a bigger and better job is probably right around the corner.  IWNDWYT 
Not drinking could likely benefit you and your son just as much as a new awesome job in terms of saving money being present and avoiding future health issues. Just a thought- you are investing in yourself in making this positive change and in my experience sobriety has made me a better employee and would definitely make me more competitive in future job hunts! 
I knew that I needed to improve my income for my son and that was a big factor in quitting. I got my big break at about 100 days in. Hang in there!
Maybe there is something better on the horizon that can't  be seen right now. Alcohol will not help it will only take from you. Congrats on being so strong when you felt crushed- But you weren't crushed just a little dent. It really stinks when you put so much into trying to get a better position  only not to get it-your not alone on that either. your stronger you won because you didn't fall even after a disappointment. You stay strong girl you've got this for you and your son. I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong friend.  You didn't get the job and life decided to take you in another direction.  It's tough but you will get through it.  And it will be so much better without alcohol to complicate things for you.
Stay strong. We are with you.
I'm so sorry about the bad news. But stay strong!! You've got this! I'm also a single mom in my 30s... I'm here anytime you want to talk commiserate etc. I know how hard it can be! I'm new into sobriety/recovery and every day is a struggle for me so I feel ya... I'm here!
Aw man that's terrible and I'm so sorry you're dealing with the disappointment :( I'm also really proud of you for not drinking as tempting as it can be in times like these. You're really showing your strength and I admire you for it! Don't give up! You have no idea what good news is in store for you around the next corner. IWNDWYT 
I was in the same boat as you about 3 weeks ago. You can check my post history and read about it. I had been interviewing for months for a job and didn't get it. I was crushed. I'm sorry it happened to you. Know that not drinking will put you in a better position for the next opportunity and you never know what is right around the corner. Hold your chin up. Your kiddo is proud of you even more so now that you're sober. 
