-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hc7by/and_im_back/

I've been off of SD for quite sometime. Maybe a year. Not sure if the regulars or "old timers" remember me. I reached out to this community at my lowest darkest point in alcoholism. I was suidical and ready to end my miserable life. They were extraordinary in being helpful encouraging and inspiring even after I relapsed. Thank you all. ..Then I went silent on this sub. I started EMDR therapy and man what a game changer that was. It really changed my perspective on life and my attitude towards things that have been holding me back...Progress! I started killing it at work. I got a life changing surgery I passed 2 CPA exams my relationships with my friends family and others improved. I became more calm. Things were really getting *good*. ..In July I got a new job in a different city. I moved there on my own cat in toe. I know no one and anyone I do know is 2-4 hours away which is comforting but even still. I am starting this whole new life and I don't think it's going well...I am drinking heavily again. Mostly out of boredom but I have plenty of things I *should* be doing but I am not. I'm losing my focus I really can't afford to go down this road again. My psych gave me a 90 day supply of naltrexone before I left which I didn't fill but I still could. I'm just not sure what to do. I'm irritated I'm getting into bad habits in a new place...I'm reaching out to get back on track being a part of this sub kept me straight and helped me get through each day...AA was inspiring in its own way and going to meetings regularly did help. It helped a lot better than not going. BUT I could never buy in to the whole powerlessness bit. If you are powerless you wouldn't be here and you wouldn't be sober. So I had to call BS on it. Even still I would go back if it meant a better chance at me living my best life...Sorry for the mind dump. Glad to be back in the sub and see you tomorrow for the daily check in.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. I'm new here (as new as my badge). It's comforting to know how much this place has helped you in the past because I'm still unsure what my future will be. ..I don't buy into the powerlessness thing either. I'm glad AA works for people the way it does but it's not for me. I find it's the blind leading the blind. The idea of a sponsor with no real training in mentorship or psychology does not bode well with me. ..It sounds like you are catching yourself before developing new habits so that's GREAT news. You've done it before you can do it again and we are here to NDWY. 
How's the cat doing?
Welcome back. We are rooting for you. Iwndwyt
Welcome back! Congrats on the CPA exams!! Having fun reviewing the new 2018 tax code yet?..You said you aren't sure... about what? Filling the prescription? Quitting drinking again? Sounds like you already know that life's better sober - so what are you unsure of?
Thanks for the mind dump (I do them too) and glad you are back!! I also did EMDR and I agree it is a game changer.... also I also screwed up after moving. Annnyyywayyyy I am glad to see someone else who had a decent amount of time be where I am too - I mean I am sorry that it played out this way for you (hell me too) but glad to see I am not so alone. I believe in you SO you are worthy &amp; deserving of that happy sober amazing life you have been carving out. Let's put down the bottle and pick up that hammer and chisel and hit that shit again. :P...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for coming back being honest and trying again.
Have you considered going to AA and not doing the steps?  If it was helpful to you maybe all you will get out of it is the support but it sounds like that's what you could use.  I agree with the powerless thing yet I know plenty of people- some of them atheists- who have found a way to look at that step as something other than a spiritual "handing yourself over to something else."  One woman I know just said that she thinks of it as finding a greater power within yourself that you didn't know or believe was there and surrendering yourself to that and letting it take over.  I don't know- it worked for her but maybe it was just what she needed to do in order to get through it.  I'm also somewhat of an atheist but I say the serenity prayer every night just because I like the idea behind it.  Having said that I've never been to AA but have considered going for years.  So far I've used this reddit as a support group and it's been extremely helpful.  I'm sure my resolve won't last forever though and I'll feel lonely and need in-person help to keep going.
I have power over alcohol as long as I don't take the first drink. I am powerless once I take that first drink. I don't make it any more complicated than that. ..Welcome back. ..IWNDWYT 
Hi welcome home. Now you know the difference I know you can live the lifestyle you want its so much better. IWNDWYT
I think AA sees powerlessness as "I'm unable to manage my life in a satisfactory manner as long as I drink". If nothing else meetings are a chance to meet other sober people. Welcome back.
I remember you and I'm happy to see you back Snackie :).
The thing I like best about AA is the fellowship..Since you are in a new city look at meetings as a way to connect and possibly make a friend or two (or three)..I drink out of boredom &amp; loneliness (and depression) and I have to drag myself to a meeting and there are a few in my neighborhood where the folks are very funny and I end up laughing for an hour..Good luck to you- IWNDWYT!
