-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hdkzx/found_out_my_father_was_a_secret_alcoholic/

I am currently working through a trauma/PTSD workbook since I have been committed to exploring my feelings about my childhood. I think it's a huge factor in my struggle to stay sober...My dad was physically mentally and emotionally abusive to me and my siblings. Without going into much detail: it was truly horrific - just really abusive. However like many trauma survivors I doubt my experiences and memories. I relate a lot to stories from children of abusive alcoholics even though my father  never drank' when we were younger. He openly drinks now and has gotten regularly wasted for the last 20 years or so. In any case there were certainly times in my childhood - in retrospect - that only made sense if you imagined my dad was drunk...I have decided to keep my parents at a bit of a distance while I am learning how to understand myself identify my feelings and stay sober. I have been pleasant but I don't overshare and respond to my mother's texts instead of initiating conversations...I don't have many good therapy options where I live so I finally plucked up the courage to confide in my sibling about our childhood. Had I made up all the abuse? The assaults? The name calling? My mother had denied it when I confronted her about enabling my dad a couple years ago. (I must be crazy). ..Of course my sibling remembered all of the major incidents and had a lot of stories I didn't remember and vice versa. ..One story I never knew about: my father picked up my sibling from high school - totally drunk. He had the music blaring slurred speech and a half-empty open wino-brand bottle on the floor of the car. Completely out of character. We compared stories and realized (or believe) my dad had been secretly drinking many many years - maybe throughout our entire childhood. ..This confirmed drinking incident was during a time when my dad's behavior was increasingly violent and erratic. He would come home straight from work go into the shower then stay in his room for hours. We were lucky if we made it unscathed when he emerged from his room...I did that too when I was drinking. Bathroom rituals. Staying in bed. It sickens me to think I have any common behaviors with him. I don't know how to feel about this...Had my dad handed down a drinking problem to me? Have I hurt my children like my dad hurt us by drinking? ..Oh my god. I never want to drink again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's a fascinating and heartbreaking story. I was abused by some babysitters and my grand parents as a child and I still sometimes have trouble believing my memories. It's horrible that your sibling remembers but also a gift that you can comfort and help each other process it. You now have the power to break the cycle. IWNDWYT 
Have you checked out /r/adultchildren yet?..I've often wondered if my dad's always had a drinking problem. I realize now that the answer is almost definitely and suddenly a lot of his bizarre actions throughout my childhood makes more sense if I view it through the lens of "he was drinking"...The final "I have to quit drinking" moment for me was when I started recognizing my own drinking habits in his. Shut that shit down real quick. I refuse to go down the same path he did.
[removed]
Dang I'm glad you were able to confide with your siblings!  How do you like the PTSD workbook? I'm considering purchasing one for myself. I was curious if you would recommend it or not? 
Addiction touches everyone around the behavior.  Especially those most vulnerable...My goal is healing from the hurts I've experienced and amending for those I created...The best use of my past is to inform my next choice...What *has* happened to me is much less important than what I do next...The best me is Unimpaired me.  The best parent is Unimpaired parent...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
I managed to survive a childhood from Hell.  It makes me feel worse when I recall the details surrounding the unfairness the bleakness and scariness of my non-existent childhood.   Fading Affect Bias is a real thing and has probably saved my sanity.  So I do my best to let it go and feel very grateful that I survived.  I guess it's a little easier for me both parents are dead - they drank themselves to death in their 40's.  One thing I believe wholeheartedly though my drinking was not "handed down" to me.  I'm the one who picks up the drink.  And I know better. 
My mom told me out of the blue that she was a really bad alcoholic when she was 30 for about 10 years. I said  I don't remember that  but it wasn't until I was off the phone that I realized that's when I was born...When I was really small I was really neglected by her remember being hungry crying endlessly when I got old enough I started writing her letters  Mom please talk to me.  My dad was verbally &amp; physically abusive too but never drank...In my recovery I am having to think about both how this was formative for me &amp; how to forgive it. I've also created some distance with them for now. It blows my mind to this day that my mom doesn't seem to comprehend the damage her neglect did what examples she was setting etc...All I can say is kudos to you for processing this stuff &amp; make sure you take it in small chunks because its easy to get overwhelmed. For me Ive found understanding these experiences have been key to my sobriety...IWNDWYT 
