-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hfekb/day_3_struggling_with_sleep/

The last time I quit sleep was quite bad but predominantly due to severe night sweats. This time I'm not getting the sweats but I'm sleeping so lightly that the slightest noise will wake me. When I do manage to drift off I'm having some awful nightmares. It's certainly not enough to make me want to drink again; but man I am so tired all the time.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been having night sweats and totally insane dreams at a similar sobriety period to you. It's rough. I am functioning on less sleep just about but yep the tiredness is hard! Don't have any practical advice sadly but wanted to offer my sympathies. I understand it gets easier from this point on... 
This is temporary!  Things will be much better in a couple of days.  Carry on!
Totally normal at this stage. A couple of pointers:..1. Exercise exercise exercise and when you're exhausted exercise some more. Just don't exercise within 2-3 hours of bedtime. In early sobriety I exercised so much I wore myself out so I could sleep and staying busy helped as well...2. Take melatonin about 30 minutes before bed time..3 . No screen time phone tablet TV for a full hour before bed. This is super hard and you won't have to stick to this so strictly forever but do it in the first couple of weeks.
You just described me completely accurately. I've been having really really strange nightmares. I've a lot more regular with my bedtime routine a cup of chamomile tea and a melatonin/magnesium pill. The last time I got a good streak going I started sleeping incredibly well after 3/4 weeks the body takes time to reprogram itself. ..I'm sure that you're in agreement with me on this: waking up tired is a hell of a lot better than waking up hungover and feeling sick for the rest of the day.   
My sleep patterns didn't really get better until about 2 weeks in.  The first week was hell the second was broken sleep... and trouble falling asleep by day 15 I was sleeping well.  Hang in there.
