-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hj3ve/ive_been_struggling/

I've been going to AA meetings for almost a month. I've only had 2-3 days of not drinking that entire time. .   Last night I drank nearly an entire 5th of vodka... I'm terribly hungover and I look awful! This sucks!!.    I want to go to a meeting tonight but I'm not sure if I'm in any condition to drive because my head isn't clear and I feel physically awful. .    My spouse(who has no alcohol issues) encouraged me two days ago to go ahead and have a glass of wine being that it was our 19th wedding anniversary. So I did and then followed with a brandy. Ugh! Then last night my spouse had to help me get into bed. .     I told my sponsor about this. I also said I'd go to the meeting by I honestly don't think I should drive... and I'm so ashamed of how I look. I feel like people are going to know I've been a fraud this past month. Plus I may burst into tears because I'm so ashamed. .     I still love myself and I don't want to beat myself up any more today. .     .I promise I will not drink today!.           I could use some tips on staying sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

Somehow your spouse will need to understand that it is the first drink that is the destroyer of an alcoholic. It sounds to me he might be unaware of how this affects you. ..The only thing that kept me sober in the first 3 months was sitting in meetings. It's not easy but it wasn't hard either. But it took effort. And the absolute most important thing is it took refusing to take that first drink. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
I wouldn't drive if I were in the situation you describe.  Could be dangerous.  If you feel like you really have to go to the meeting maybe you could get someone to drive you there.  This is  just based on my own experiences trying to drive hungover/in withdrawal.  Scary.
Can your spouse take you?
And you are not a fraud I don't think you are a fraud.  Anyone at the meeting is very unlikely to judge and will be grateful that you have returned.  I'm glad your back.  
