-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hw2qn/one_month/

I honestly don't know for sure but I don't think I've gone this long without alcohol in my 7 years of heavy drinking. If I have I know it was a ploy to mislead those around me all the while plotting and dreaming about my next drink...However this time feels different. I know I'm new to this sober lifestyle and some stories I read here of some of you wonderful people relapsing after several months or years has me worried about my future feelings towards alcohol but this time feels different...If I had to use one word to describe the difference it would be honesty. I would manipulate my thoughts to believe I was being 'honest' with myself and loved ones that "I'm not an alcoholic life has just been a bit rough recently" or "I can live a fulfilling life with moderate alcohol use."  All the while ignoring and drowning out that voice in my head that knew it was a serious problem...Looking in the mirror has been very painful. All the missed opportunities the relationships I've destroyed the health issues and all the lies I've told.  However I'm finally finding the motivation to feel excited about the potential of what I may see in the mirror in the future and practicing accountability to get me there. Accountability is definitely the hardest for me. Alcohol 'solved' all my problems so quickly why doesn't everything fix my life and mindset so quickly? I'm so happy with the strides (however small) with my accountability but I know it will take conscious nurturing for the rest of my life. Even a glimpse of such a thought would have me at the bottom of a bottle before and it is still quite overwhelming at times but I'm ready to see what kind of person I can become. No matter how difficult or treacherous the road may be...I'm starting to have innate feelings of empathy and compassion when I interact with others. I'm no longer writing a story for those around me finding flaws to make myself feel better or on the flip side seeing the good in them and scorning them for having such an easy life. I had no idea how self absorbed the alcohol made me. From worrying about the next drink and feelings of joy when I got it to the tidal waves of anxiety when I had to face the outside world. Everything was about me and the drink. I would sometimes be helpful and kind when I had the ability to put in the effort but it was only to stem the tide of my self-loathing. I was almost in tears the other day talking to a cashier when I realized I was genuinely caring about this woman's life. She gave me a very strange look as the conversation was fairly mundane but I will remember that strange look fondly...For me all this started with honesty. I have shared the most embarrassing and repulsive aspects of my life with a few of my loved ones and I'm taking those looks in the mirror seriously. It's truly an effort but I'm not looking to delude myself about what I've done and who I am. I'm looking for ways to learn and grow from my past. To enrich my life so I may help to enrich the world around me...Sorry for the length and the rambling but it felt good to put in words and share with a community that has helped me so much in such a short little time even when I have just been mostly lurking. I'm raising a tall cool glass of water to all you lovely folk!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for composing such insightful self-observations.  I couldn't have said it better: honesty is a real key issue in recovery (at least in *my* recovery)...You hit the nail on the head on so many points from subverting our own accountability to the way that the world seemed to conspire to come between me and my next drink.  The more "woke" I get the more I see how insidious this addiction is and how it crept into every crevice of my existence...Your post is inspiring and heart-warming.  It's people like you who help keep people like me on the right track.  Thanks for sharing...&amp;#x200B;
This is an amazing post from start to finish I can relate so well to it. Just keep doing the next right thing. Congratulations! you got this!
Thank you so much for sharing! IWNDWYT
