-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hzp8y/sluggish_saturday/

My youngest woke me up super early and he couldn't get back to sleep.  I'm sitting on the couch right now with an iPad in front of his face (not my proudest way to parent) and SD in front of mine struggling to get my brain to form loving and helpful comments as I like to do but I feel exhausted and in a fog.  I'm sipping coffee so that'll probably kick in soon and I'll be better...But as I was lamenting the morning getting off to a sluggish start I realized that if I weren't sober I'd be fighting a hangover on top of all this.  I would have been less patient and caring with my son.  Hell I may not have even woken up when he called and my wife would have had to get up instead...So yeah not an idyllic morning but drinking would have made it so much worse...and I've still got the rest of the day to get back on track the way I'd like.  And even if I never really get in the groove today at least I don't have alcohol in me to turn it into a true train wreck...Love to you all my fellow Sobernauts!
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT!
Hey me!  Even just getting that off my chest has made me feel better!  Thanks for your post!  I'm totally feeling the same way right now!
I just started my first cup of coffee as well thank goodness for no hangover and plenty of caffeine! Oh and my 6 year old daughter is watching YouTube videos...... parent of the year here!
Love your name! I feel sluggish today too but am working up the motivation to go to the gym. Exercise helps me as does creating a short to do list. Top of the list is I will not drink with you today!.p.s.Welldone on letting your wife get a little more rest too.  
Sounds like it's a good day for screen time as I am also watching a movie with my 4 year old at 7am but not hungover! 
You may be sluggish but you are sober!!! Bravo!!!
I will drink coffee with you today. 
I just woke up a few minutes ago (an hour before my alarm again) but am still lying in bed just because I can. Going to shoot my friend a text in a few minutes and see if he's still down for the morning workout we arranged on Thursday. I am 150% happier and better at life when I don't drink.
