-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9i2inn/struggling_a_bit/

I feel like I need to post here for my own accountability. I'm on day 5 of not drinking which is a good streak for me. I've had a few activities this weekend that involve drinking and another party at a brewery tonight. It's EVERYWHERE. part of me is thinking maybe I don't have a problem. Maybe I could just have a drink or two at the brewery and be fine! But then the other part of me kicks in knowing I'll go home and have more drinks with friends and tomorrow when the football game is on OF COURSE I'll have to drink again and it's all starting over again. .I think I may take a nap before tonight. Normally I'd be sitting outside reading or watching TV on the couch having a drink. This is so hard at times. So many ups and downs. I can't give up though.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on day five. My first couple of weeks were all about substituting alcohol for non-alcoholic drinks - ginger beer lemonade tonic and lime. Meant I could relax with a drink as was my habit but still stay sober.
You can do this!  Day 5 is a real accomplishment for something so difficult as what we are fighting. ..I messed up last night. Today I feel so guilty. Back to day one. Day by day we will get by! 
Tbh I had to get serious about my sobriety. This entailed avoiding pubs for the first few months until I was comfortable to be around alcohol and not want to drink. Going to a pub early on would have been a massive risk for me. 
Hang in there!..I'd see if there isn't a way you can take a break from the social stuff where drinking is everywhere. Being around it was hugely physically stressful for me.  I just didn't need that.  Six months in it's not as big of a deal but with a few days or weeks it was physically painful and this stuff is hard enough
There's not much to do at a brewery besides drink.  I'm headed to "Brewery Town" in a week or so to visit family  and plan to  avoid them like the plague.
[removed]
I decided not to go screw it if people are mad at me. My couch is my friend tonight!!
