-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iatph/175ml/

I had a glass of wine last night...I'm not really sure why. It wasn't a special occasion there was no social pressure. But for whatever reason I wanted a glass of red wine to go with my meal and I didn't have the energy to argue over the craving...It felt good to raise a glass and cheers for the first time in months. It's powerful how different you feel with a glass of red wine in hand - sophisticated elegant... all the things I'm not when I drink. ..After that nice moment I took a sip. Disappointment. It couldn't be a "bad" wine. This was a wine I'd drank many times before - even the same harvest. My family and I had ordered a crate of the stuff last Christmas because we couldn't get enough of it. Was this what it always tasted like? It reminded me of my morning shot of Apple cider vinager and gave my stomach the same feeling. The glass went mostly untouched through dinner and I only finished at the end of the dinner out of a false sense of social obligation...I went home a little defeated but mostly unscathed. For the first time in probably my life I stuck to the promise of "just one drink". .I was then tortured with the worst sleep I've had in months. I was restless waking up every 30 minutes. My mouth was dry thirst unquenchable and head throbbing. After ONE glass...When I woke up I had an unshakeable feeling that something was missing. I thought maybe I just needed breakfast. Ate bacon and eggs but that didn't help. Tried something sweeter nope. Gallons of coffee more water... nothing. I realise now it's a physical craving for more alcohol which is terrifying because it was literally one unenjoyable unremarkable glass of wine after 6 months sobriety...I'm not going to drink. Whatever physical craving I have today does not out weigh my mental resilience. But it's simply luck that this is the case. I risked a serious relapse and all. for a glass of overpriced red vinager? Fuck that...If you are having a craving today. Please learn from me. It won't be as good as you remember it being.
----------immediate responses--------

Great that you didnt give in ti more wine..Good luck
I'm so sorry. Hopefully this just re-enforced your commitment to sobriety. Hugs.
Thank you for posting.  I needed to hear this right now.  
Thank you for posting this. I will NOT drink with you tonight. 
Wow. I had a very similar experience a while back. One glass of wine. Tired headache. Slept poorly. Woke up anxious. Really nothing rewarding about it at all. Definitely reinforced quitting. 
So glad it was a bad experience for you! ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Wow thank you for sharing. I'm having the craving now and will learn from you. 
It's scary how that one drink can bring back the bad feelings so quickly. I did the exact same thing before myself. It's just part of the journey for some of us. I'm glad you're back. IWNDWYT. 
Can confirm one or two glasses have triggered the same hangover and panic attack one or two bottles used to
Thanks buddy for reminding. It really helps. When one has proved something I don't need to do the same experiment anymore. IWNDWYT.
"overpriced red vinager" is an excellent way to describe red wine ahaha it's how I thought of it as a kid. Funny how things change. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
drink a liter of water before bed it helps but yeah dont drink 
Thanks for this. I've been craving lately so good to hear consequences.
Whoa! This was good to read. Thank you for sharing
You rock! Thanks for sharing your story.
What a great post! I was almost there with you. I'm going to save this post. Really helpful- Thanks! I will not drink with you today  
I had a similar experience months ago - once the collegiate "wino" suddenly unimpressed and even a little repulsed of my old-reliable red wine.  And yes the horrendous sleep.  ...I remembered how I loved it in college - and even then began to recall many nights of 'stomaching it' frequently and then - did I ever really like the stuff?  ...Today I'm convinced the whole alcohol industry is a giant "Emperor's New Clothes" situation.  It's sad and lonely sometimes to be one of the seemingly few to see clearly - but definitely not worse than being on the other side. 
I don't know why...but that made me unbelievably sad. Like I guess it wouldn't have been any better if you enjoyed it....but that it was a waste just...sad and I'm sorry. 
Thanks for sharing... I know the feeling. Been there myself. I had three years clean and sober and one Newcastle with some coworkers while playing some billiards led to over a decade of debauchery deceit and delusion so deep I almost didn't make it out. Cunning baffling powerful is right! I'm so glad you paused and got some perspective. Keep at it. You are worth it. I'm going on day 15 now. The fog is lifting I'm working the steps with an AA sponsor and I'm happy to say the desire to drink and use (my addictions are manifold and stop not with the drink though they routinely found purchase there) has been eradicated. It's a daily choice that I'll have to make. And I'm totally cool with that. ..&amp;#x200B;
Thank you for posting this. So true of my former attempts but hoping not to disappoint myself this time. Well done for not letting one glass become many 
Thanks KS for the strength
Definitely saving this post for when I'm tempted again.  I know it'll happen and probably soon.  I need to remember!!  THANK YOU
For me the one glass of wine slip up which prompted my last re-set didn't trigger any of those physical symptoms. It did taste like you described though. I couldn't believe I used to drink it regularly. I think maybe  we just get conditioned into thinking it tastes good or something. The instant it hit the back of my throat I was like:  This tastes so bad like something you clean with.  Then I also finished it for social reasons (ugh). It took me like three hours to do so though. I kept wondering if it would begin to taste better but no. Even the lingering taste in my mouth and throat later on bothered me. IWNDWYT 
This was my experience after my last 50+ days stretch of sobriety. I had a glass of wine and drank it at a snail's pace over a 2 hour dinner and I felt so relieved that I didn't enjoy it at all. That settled it didn't it? I wouldn't want any more...&amp;#x200B;..Well nope. Somehow I felt frustrated that I hadn't felt the sweet relief I usually did when drinking so I went back and tried again until I did and then I was off the wagon again. How stupid can you be?..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for sharing this. You're so right. That one glass is never worth it.
Needed to hear this today thanks. I'm gonna take your word for it and IWNDWYT.
I needed this today. Thank you for sharing. 
