-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ibc6n/the_thought_of_spending_all_day_slouched_on_the/

This afternoon I was contemplating how much time I use to spend plastered in front of the tv. Everyday for four years to be exact. ..Ever since I've gotten sober I find sitting in front of the tv eats at me in ways it never has before. I think about how much of a waste of time it is to just be sitting there consuming all this entertainment. ..Don't get me wrong it's still fun to lie down on the couch and watch a favorite tv show or a new movie but I use it as a reward after a long day of work or for a special occasion such as having a friend over. ..I'd much rather spend my time creating art or bettering myself in someway. I haven't consumed drugs or alcohol since 9-11-17 when I got arrested but I've only been out of jail since 5-29-18 so going on four months. Since getting out I've kept full time employment started my own ebay business talked to a counselor about returning to school and saved more money than I have in the four previous years combined. My relationships with family and friends are so much better and I have this little thing called self-esteem. And I realize this is only the beginning. The reconstruction phase as they call it has its hardships. I still face alot of consequences from my drunk actions such as fines and probation but I do it with a clear mind and peace knowing it's just temporary. It'll all be behind me one day. ..I know different people have a different opinion on how to count sobriety but for me personally I consider myself having over a year of sobriety.  Depending on the who the conversation's with and rather or not they know I was in jail I usually clarify "It's been over a year since I've put drugs or alcohol into my body but I've only been in the world with all of its temptations since May 29th".  Thinking of having a full year of sobriety helps me to keep going. I remember both days though. I don't know why I'm so self-conscious of accidentally upsetting someone by claiming a year of sobriety when I was in jail for part of it. Just my personality I suppose.  ..But yeah. Just wanted to hop on here and share something I realized why pondering my recovery. I'm no longer a lazy self-hating sonnuvabitch. Here's to everyone struggling one day at a time. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean - it's been a weird adjustment for me. I'm more motivated and am able to just do more in general but sometimes it leaves me a bit restless and unable to relax...mixed bag but obviously a very good thing I wouldn't trade for the alternative
The day you don't put a drink or drug in your body is your sobriety date. If you had to go to jail to get sober then it saved your life. You didn't drink when you got out! That's amazing! I hope you have a good support group and are taking time for self care. CONGRATULATIONS!
The days you were in jail absolutely count imo. Not drinking is not drinking. And you were not drinking! Obviously your heart was in it or you'd have started right back up the minute you got out. ..Congrats on your successes. I'm not drinking with you today!
Right! Its almost like you have to do things with your day you dont have any excuses left i love it!
Not that my opinion matters but every day you didn't drink counts. I'm quite certain that there is no asterisk in the sobriety record book for that time. It is your sobriety I wouldn't let anyone minimize the accomplishment.  
Congrats on your success! Motivation is also something I like about being sober. I have plans and dreams again. ..IWNDWYT. 
