-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9icozz/day_8/

Hey all  about to hit Day 8. My last post was well it was a bit dramatic and a bit hard on myself (but I'm still an awful person)..&amp;#x200B;..So Days 567 were alright actually. Except for the massive boredom in the evenings. I'm struggling with fatigue still too. I thought I'd be a live wire after a few days clean cut but actually I just wake up tired spend the day tired and go to bed having not done much. But at least sober. Waking up not hungover is... not as amazing as I hoped. I'm mentally alert quicker but physically it's taking me a few hours to wake up. ..&amp;#x200B;..Evenings are crap. It's just like living the least fulfilling version of your life. I'm hoping this is just early phase stuff. I'm bored as shit watching tv or trying to do the normal things. I mean surely tv isn't driven by the drunks so there must be something to it that sober people can enjoy. Damned if I know. I want a beer. Just one. Just a swig will do me. Take the edge off and help me enjoy life again. That's why I can't do it. I shouldn't need anything to help me enjoy my life.
----------immediate responses--------

The boredom fades with time. I found my natural motivation returning after week three and around then is when I started doing new things and getting back into old hobbies. Until it came back I was pretty bored. But I think it's just your dopamine levels returning to normal; I wouldn't worry too much about it. Don't feel too much pressure to do something super entertaining if you don't feel like it. I just spent a lot of time watching stupid TV and browsing Reddit. ..You're right in that you don't need anything else to enjoy life. There's good chapters on this in This Naked Mind if you haven't checked it out already. :)..Good luck. It does get easier. Also you aren't an awful person. You're making a positive change and that is to be celebrated. ..IWNDWYT. 
Have you tried going to AA meetings?..I find that it's a great way to get out of my own head.
I don't think I saw your other post but you aren't an awful person I can pretty much guarantee that. 8 days is awesome that's OVER A WEEK! Keep going!
Google post alcoholism anhedonia. To speak from the "I" as we are supposed to per sub rules I will tell you that I experienced that condition from about the end of the first week when physically I began to feel better until about day 50. Yes it was 6 or 7 weeks of feeling bored and as though the joy had been sucked out of life. But there around 6 or 7 weeks it started to turn around and I started feeling happiness and real pleasure again. ..How I coped was by giving myself lots of small rewards and treats. I'm so glad I stuck it out because I have my health back now (which was the primary reason I quit) but also many unexpected other benefits to my life. Hang in there. I will not drink with you today.
