-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ih28n/feel_like_a_hypocrite_in_aa/

Only days I do not drink is when I go to AA but I do not have those fantastic stories to tell. Do not get violent do not black out go to work and did not drink before 18...But I do drink 12 beers every evening my days are a struggle and really want to stop...Comments welcome   
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you. One problem with society's idea of alcohol as a disease instead of a spectrum of abuse is many people feel like their drinking isn't a problem if they haven't lost a job or gotten a dui. I would love a space for people who just drink too much or feel out of control or can't stop so we could start actually fighting the lies of big alcohol. I quit drinking at 22 before I got bad enough to have a story and I think that's a blessing. I'm proud of you for going anyway. If it's helpful for you then you deserve to be there. I didn't speak up until I had something to say which is  I left a party because everyone was drinking and so I came here.  And the love I received was the same as the woman who spent years in her house paranoid to leave. 
Keep going to AA. The only requirement for membership is the desire to stop drinking. You are not a hypocrite just like everyone else there you want to stop and keeping stopping drinking.
I can relate on this one. When I drink I'm always cheery and happy I've held down my jobs without anyone ever really knowing and I've managed to keep an active life at my Church with only Father knowing about my drinking problem from Confession/seeking his advice/help more than a couple times. Hang in there. Keep going to the meetings. Shoot...I should probably start going again. They were always a help for me even if I just sat quietly in the back and listened. I always saw those stories as what could happen if I kept doing what I am doing. They were motivation for when I did slip and drink to not slip so far that I would have a 'story' to tell at the next meeting...which is a blessing in itself.   ...Hang in there! &lt;3 
It's not a competition to see who can have the worst 'rock bottom' story!..It's also much better to do something about it *before* something really awful happens so you're definitely doing the right thing... I'd imagine that the folks there with the most hair-raising stories wish they'd been prudent enough to stop before things progressed to that point and you have just as much right to be there as anyone else so don't overthink it.....Keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
You are the most important person at that meeting!..Your experience and perseverance are inspiring!
[removed]
You are not a hypocrite. The ONLY requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking for 24 hours. Even if you are not an alcoholic you will be hanging out with clean and sober people and may make some new friends. 
Everyone's life experiences are important. Your struggles are real and as important as anyone else's.
Your story is important. It could save someone's life. Someone could be listening who is afraid that they don't belong too and hearing your honest story could convince them to give this thing a try...I was talking to an AA friend recently and we both felt occasionally that we didn't deserve to be there because neither of us had crashed a car or gone to rehab or lost a job but the fact is we are both alcoholics who couldn't stop drinking on our own and we were both desperate to change. It was a relief talking to him because although I can tell myself I don't belong I would never tell him that because he does belong and I want him to be there. I have to assume that means I belong too...A lot of people come into AA and don't think they're bad enough then they go out and drink more and all those bad things happen to them eventually. I hear many stories like this from people who made it back and wished they had never left the first time. If you're an alcoholic and you continue to drink your life will get worse. But you don't have to go through that.
There is no test for entry no admission requirement. The ONLY requirement is a desire to stop drinking. 
I said at AA yesterday that I have SEMI-ruined not totally ruined my life. I haven't woken up in a jail cell or been fired or driven drunk as some people's stories are but I quit because I was doing so badly at work and I am on the brink of losing my partner out of my life because of drinking and how I behave when I'm drunk. I could keep drinking for a while so long as there's money in the bank and another job I could talk my way into but I don't need to hit rock bottom of rock bottom to know AA is right for me. 
Some people go to their first meeting in jail.  There is no such thing as getting help  too soon'.  IWNDWYT 
I drank to get drunk. It negatively impacted me and it just wasn't sustainable. At the end I was as unhappy as I had ever been. I'm sure it's brought you personal pain too. But you don't need to completely f*** up your life in order to start improving it! The analogy of the elevator seems to fit here. If you have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol it doesn't get better while you're drinking. It only goes in one direction down! We can stop that elevator and get off whenever we want to. Some free fall all the way to the ground and they don't survive it. You already have a leg up because you're here! I never want to see my ground floor.
Bro you're blessed. You don't want DUIs jails totaled cars etc. ..I have them all and more and wish I stopped before it all went to shit. I'm only 24. 
Might be worth looking into other meetings with people more your speed. There are a lot of people with those kinds of stories but most people I talk to at my homegroup are "high bottom" drunks - not like homeless or prison time or anything but drank too much and wanted to stop. I tend to appreciate meetings that have less drinking stories - in fact my favorite meetings are the ones that don't even mention alcohol at all. It's not about who has the "hardest" life - you hit rock bottom when you stop digging.
Seriously if you think you have a problem I'd encourage you to let others people's stories serve as a motivation to you to NOT be like that instead of comparing and saying you aren't that bad YET. I did that for a long time. I surrounded myself with people who drank more than I did tried to train myself to be better behaved or whatever it is but I waited until I made some terrible decisions and received some severe consequences to stop drinking when I knew I had a problem for a long time. Don't be like me. If you think you have a problem but haven't experienced any "horror stories" as a confirmation of your problem please don't wait to start reducing/moderating and maybe stopping drinking all together.
Hang in there and you'll hear people like you. An unmanageable life looks different for everyone. Even a small amount of alcohol can disconnect you from everything in your life if you're like me. Good for you for having sober days in between beer binges! You're on the right path friend. 
Yet. I didn't have a DUI until I did. Every alcoholic was a "functioning" alcoholic until they stopped functioning.
Lucky guy! You did not have to get too badly hurt before you figured out that sobriety is best. ..Wish I could say that.
