-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ih6xp/really_struggling/

Hey y'all. I'm really struggling to quit the drink. I keep thinking I can drink in moderation and then I do and then...here I am hung over and ready to quit completely once again after a week of binge drinking. I don't understand this cycle...well I do I guess a little at least from living it but I'm frustrated by it...  ...I don't typically miss daily Mass but I've missed a whole week and I'm too sick to go today :( This kills me. I still have my Office and Little Office to keep me connected to the Church but it's soo very frustrating to live within walking distance of my Church and be too sick to go to the one place that brings me so much comfort.   ...Just venting I guess. I'd love to stay sober and have this not ruin my life anymore....if you can spare it - and if you are so inclined - I could really use prayers. 
----------immediate responses--------

"Thou shalt not attempt moderation more than once."    ha..The cycle you mention could be addictive behavior plain and simple.  That's what it was for me.  I also thought I could moderate and all it did was prolong the misery.   I can't moderate.  "Big deal"      ..When it clicked in my head that I just needed to stop entirely things got a lot easier and a lot better relatively quickly.  
Sounds like you are reflecting wisely on your cycle of drinking. .Personally and it took me long (!) as in 2 years to realize I could only stop the cycle of evil once and for all in abstaining completely. I still  want  to drink but I have finally come to the realization that there is no moderate drinking for me. It's either or. As someone smart said  one drink is too many and a thousand not enough .  I can  moderate  my drinking for a week two maybe more and then BAM I'm back in being a slave to the alcohol demon and having my consciousness constantly occupied with thoughts of drinking. .The best of luck to you! ..I will not drink with you today. 
I realized I can do moderation but only a few times. I'm careful trying to stat drinking again so I don't go on an extreme rager...Then I wakened the beast. I really want to drink again. It was fun! Nothing bad happened! It becomes a pounding topic in my head. ..At this point it is Russian Roulette. I might have one more okay experience but after that I'm gonna be blacked out and wake up to a bunch of text messages of people asking why I sent them nude photos. I'll feel like shit...So yes. Maybe in the grand scheme of things you could drink a few times and not *immediately* destroy your life. Instead you will just get the gears warmed up to take a wrecking ball to your life. It's not actually better...Hang in there. You got this. We are all in this together...
You gotta start with a plan. How are you going to attack this? It's not going to get better by wishing it so. ..Let me know how I can help.
Prayers! Do you want some helpful verses? I've been there too my friend. You are not alone. Ever. 
