-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9in2n2/your_last_mistake_is_your_best_teacher/

Before I stopped drinking I used to drive around while blacked out. I never got in trouble somehow. Once I drove into a snow ditch in someone's front yard at 2am after drinking a bottle and a half of wine and only remember bits and pieces. I remember the person who lived there helping push me out while I was operating the pedals (yikes). I also remember them giving up and going back inside. They probably knew. I still don't know how I got out. I tried to retrace my steps the next morning and drive by again to see the tread marks where I went off the road but I couldn't even remember which house it was. A few nights later I was at it again. I was driving and slid on ice near a stop sign and lightly rear ended someone. I was too scared of getting caught so I just drove away. I still recognize the minuscule scratch near my wheel. No one else could recognize it but me. My last mistake was days later. I went to a movie by myself with vodka in my soda cup after I hadn't eaten a meal all day. I wasn't a person who went to movies alone or had ever snuck alcohol into public places! I don't remember much of the movie except that it was Red Sparrow. Afterwards I chugged 1/4 of a fifth of vodka stashed under my drivers seat. I passed out in my car in a neighborhood near my house and vomited a small amount inside my car. When I arrived home I could barely walk. My mom saw me and was wondering how I got home. I lied. I drove to work the next morning and when I got there I saw what was clearly vomit caked all the way down the outside of my vehicle. Talk about embarrassing. The shame and guilt hit me like a ton of bricks. Shame and guilt is what perpetuates the drinking cycle. So I shed some light in that gaping hole of shame and guilt that was my soul. I cried. I let loved ones know I was struggling. I didn't want to die anymore. And after that I have turned my life around.
----------immediate responses--------

