-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9io5ff/beer_culture_and_making_friends/

Maybe it's just part of being a millennial in the PNW but being sober is an instant friendship killer. Everyone I meet is obsessed with craft beers beer bars IPAs etc etc and all the activities center around sharing that  hobby . As soon as I mention I don't drink it's as if I have the plague :( .DAE have a hard time making friends after sobriety? It's making me want to relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

I usually admit I'm a recovering alcoholic and/or say I have a heart condition. And then I say - so luckily you just found yourself a DD!..A lot of craft breweries have good root beer or other local sodas. ..It's what works for me. But DO NOT put yourself in a place where you relapse...It is very millennial so is doing things before they're cool like sobering up :-)
We need a PNW group!
Those I know that are obsessed with craft beer drink almost every day.  Maybe just one or two but every day.  They are heavily invested in drinking culture and most are starting to develop their own signs of abuse.  I would definitely not expect any good reactions from them but you may meet a lot of them again in a few years.
Damned PNW hipsters and their IPA's.  Kidding!  But I don't know why anyone would want to drink an IPA.  I love beer but IPA is...well...something else...I met my now-wife ten years ago when I was on a 15 month sober journey.  Yep I relapsed for ten years.  I met her when I was sober.  I also used to attend public music jams at least once a week which were soaked in alcohol.  Until...until I found a small pocket of excellent musicians at the jams who didn't drink.  They were actually in AA (not me).  Our jams were much more focused and precise than others around us.  It was more fun and I learned WAY more than if I were drinking...My point:  somehow we find a way to find our peeps.  Be patient.  I have owned and operated food-service operations in the PNW for well over 30 years and frankly the IPA crowd are mostly pretentious know-it-all self-proclaimed "foodies."  (What the hell  ***is*** a foodie anyway?!).  Hang in there.  You will find a better way.  You will find more creative and fulfilling pastimes than hanging out in craft bars criticizing every nuance that some poor schmuck has poured his life into creating...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
That was me the last 14 years. Very involved in the craft beer community and homebrewing. There's a huge overlap with the mountain bike community (my life) and beer. I'm just barely now learning to navigate through this and be social. Good luck!
[removed]
Honestly all my friends drink A LOT. I'm 25 years old and I live in New York City so pretty much everywhere you turn there is a bar or club. ..with that being said I don't feel weird or odd telling people I don't want to drink because a lot of people do understand that I'm trying to better myself. ..Plus I'm in a pretty serious relationship with a guy and he doesn't drink also so it really helps me stay sober. ..Wish you all the best 
Fuck 'em. They'll be dead or wrecks in 10 years tops. Go volunteer and meet other people or a sober group. They will envy you well the ones who are still alive.
