-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iow5x/sobriety_does_not_seem_possible/

I'm diagnosed bipolar/ADHD. I've struggled with depression an anxiety for most of my life. I knew I had an addictive personality before I ever touched drugs/alcohol. I always felt like I NEEDED something to change how I felt. Whether I was happy or sad. If I felt good then I was fiending for something to make me feel even better. ..This impulsivity has defined my entire life. I've been attempting to get sober for the last five years. I'll go a month sometimes three my longest stretch was 9 months...I know I will never be rid of this impulse so Sobriety just doesn't seem possible. I feel like I need something this previously undefinable thing like I need water or oxygen. I've always felt this way. Alcohol just filled the void that already existed...I'm on meds and have been for a while. I'm on the best concoction that I can hope for so it's not a matter of that. Medication can only do so much. ..I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish with this post I learned a long time ago that being vocal about your problems ultimately accomplishes nothing. ..Anyway.........
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I know I will never be rid of this impulse..That might be a self-fulfilling prophecy. Have you thought about ways that people have successfully rid themselves of the impulse to drink? If they can do it maybe you can too...&gt; being vocal about your problems ultimately accomplishes nothing..I've found the opposite to be true. Being vocal doesn't magically make your problems disappear but it's a great tool to help you find solutions. Have you tried talking to a therapist?
I'm sorry you are suffering.  I have depression and anxiety. My first episode was when I was 8 and I attempted suicide at 11 I was 13 when I started drinking...I didn't get meds until my 30's.For me the meds work better when I'm not drinking.  And now that I have a couple years sober. The meds work a little better.  ..I an active in AA and have worked the steps.  My obsession to drink has been lifted.  The steps help keep all the mountains and mole hills in perspective.  I no longer blame myself for my mental illness and can identify symptoms without judgement.  Because of this I was able to work with my doctor to change my dosage to be more effective...I'm also active with my local NAMI chapter.  I have family members with bipolar disorder so I go to the family support meetings regularly...For me life is better.  My frame of mind is a completely different.  I can draw the line back to where I started but I couldn't have envisioned where I am today.  I trusted other when they said it would get better and did what they suggested. There is hope.  Best to you...
Same diagnosis (with maybe a bit in the side haha). This might not seem much but you have to have hope. Think about how long it took you to find the right med combo and to lead a life with minimal effect from your ailments. It took a hella long time as well as lots of trial and error. Even on the best combo of meds there are still some days that things will get a bit mucky. .Urges will always pop up you're not a failure for having them pop up every now in again. .It might take a while to fully stop yes but you'll get there. You just have to keep trying. 
