-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iqsqg/getting_closer/

Suffering from a bit of insomnia... decided to check in and noticed I'm at 299 days. Wow. So appreciative of this group for the support encouragement and advice along the way. I stopped counting the days a while back. I guess that's a sign that the daily struggle not to drink has passed. It seems like yesterday that I was a pathetic sedentary hypertensive blob who couldn't muster the strength to drive past the corner store on the way home without picking up a 24 oz beer during the week (Karbach Hopadillo) and a 6 or 12 pack on weekends. It's amazing how my mind has evolved over the past 9+ months. I really didn't think it was possible to not drink. Now I can't imagine going back to even  moderate  drinking. I wouldn't even if it were possible. I'm perfectly content. My life isn't perfect and I'm still in the process of cleaning up the mess I've made after years of excessive drinking and being an irresponsible adult. But I'm moving in the right direction. Now I have the drive and motivation to be the best husband I can be. .. It feels so good feeling good again...  -REK
----------immediate responses--------

  got drive these days to be the best husband you can be!  Sounds so wholesome!  Love it!  IWNDWYT friend as we wait for the big 300  
&gt; I really didn't think it was possible to not drink...same here. I hope many people read this because it is so true. But it is possible not to drink...Best luck to everyone.
This. Thanks for sharing today &amp; congrats on your soon to be here milestone! It is good for me to be reminded that moving in the right direction is what I need to do each day. One foot in front of the other one day at a time making the next right decision. Peace
I am right there with you. Cleaning up and leaving my past behind - one day at a time. ..So much better to be focused on being the best I can be for my lovely wife than trying ..to hide how much I was drinking from her. Smiling more each day :D    IWNDWYT
