-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iqzbc/social_situations_and_not_drinking/

How do you avoid drinking in social situation and peer pressure when everyone else is? ..I'm only 5 months sober but I just haven't put myself around alcohol. I have a few work functions coming up where people will be drinking and drunk and I'm not sure how to handle it. My anxiety is through the roof about it (social anxiety alcohol was my crutch) but I can't not go. ..Any tricks that help you guys get through those kinds of nights? I don't want to drink  but I know it's going to be a struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

The best advice I have been given and successfully used is:  1) make sure you have your own transportation so you can leave when you want and 2) only stay an hour or less. Basically make an appearance make the rounds and get the hell out. Good luck!
Walk around with a seltzer with lime or similar.  You'll typically find that nobody notices the person with a glass in his hand but everyone seems to notice the person without one.  At least that's what it feels like in your head ha.  ..Having a glass in your hand usually prevents someone from offering you a drink as well.   If someone does offer you a drink just look them in the eyes give a polite No Thanks and move right along.  Avoid debating anyone about alcohol etc.  ..If things start to get wobbly or urges creep up don't hesitate to simply leave.  Escape is an urge killer.  ..Distractions also help.  If you find yourself dwelling on alcohol give your brain another activity.  Count backwards from 100 count the number of people wearing blue play the name game in your head etc.   Anything really.  
I've been telling people that I am "taking the month off" from drinking. I haven't gotten any pushback from the people I work with. Most people just say some form of "that sucks" or "good for you!" And that's the end of it. Turns out they don't care as much as I thought. So yeah. Lie if it helps leave early carry a fake drink. Whatever gets you through. 
Ooohhh. I like the 1) have own transportation. Very important not to have a drunk driving you and for early exit. I use polite early exit if boted or tempted or if anybody insists I drink. If anyone insists I keep things non-confrontational and nobody has yet physically harmed or even threatened me so what's the worry. Any worry like that is one of my own making. Nobody gonna cap ya between the eyes for sayin no.
