-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ixtcq/remembering_to_never_get_complacent/

I'm currently sober for the longest I've been in years.  I really feel like my anxiety is under control.  At my worst I would barely leave my room sober mainly only to go get booze.  Now I'm working a job I love and anxiety is a passing cloud instead of a constant downpour.  It's really great...&amp;#x200B;..I forget at times that I drank for many reasons.  By the end anxiety was the main draw but in my life I've drank to cure boredom calm down reward myself "enhance" things.  Today I found myself very frustrated due to some normal work-related stress.  I had the passing thought of "I should drink" which is normal.  But it kept coming and getting stronger "No you DESERVE a drink after putting up with this".  I was mentally mapping out the closest liquor store and starting to rationalize the VERY BAD decision to drink...&amp;#x200B;..Thankfully I talked myself down and didn't drink.  ..&amp;#x200B;..It was a great reminder of how quickly my mind is capable of going down that road.  I quit for 5 years when I was younger.  The thought of drinking again scared and disgusted me.  I was very confident that I'd never drink again.  I scoffed at the idea of drinking again it was so not part of my identity anymore.  Then I drank.  In 2011.  I always pictured that if I did relapse it would either be after a very traumatic loss or event or as a victory lap in the nursing home when I'm on my death bed.  Nah I was just on some shitty OKCupid date at a bar.  I drank one PBR tallboy which turned into 8 which turned into weekly drinking then nightly then every waking moment for years...&amp;#x200B;..Boredom or frustration are as dangerous as crippling anxiety and depression.  If I relapse it won't matter if it's a sensible cookout beer or 99 bananas in my car at 8 am.  The end result is the same...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I am having with complacency and thinking I deserve to drink. I'm sober 29 days now but after struggling with this for more than a decade I have the thought that I can get it right this time. After everything that I've lost my mind still tells me that I can handle just one and it will only be just one 
I so recognise my thought process in what you wrote and also how one drink will lead to nothing good for me. Thanks for the reminder. Iwndwyt
I agree our minds can quickly adapt to the rationalization for drinking again.  Too fast it seems; it's almost like there's a dormant backup system lodged in our brain ready to take over at a moment's notice and lead us to a bar or liquor store.  A scary thought.  We have to be ever vigilant...
I was the same I could be throwing up and still drink within the hour. But when I hit a point where I couldn't walk 5 steps without feeling the need to go to the bathroom I finally quit. (TMI sorry but it's true that was the straw that broke the camels back). 
