-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iz4z5/damn_8_months_without_a_drink_i_definitely_find/

Hey SD Fam! I wanted to check in with yinz on the occasion of my 8th month without booze! Woohoo! I honestly can't believe it's been this long. But at the same time it seems like the months are flying by. I look back on my old posts and can't believe how far I've come. It feels good...I want to give some encouragement to folks out there who are struggling and say if I can do it you can do it. For real. I was getting shit-faced pretty much every night at home alone or at the bar. It look several "real" attempts to stop (aside from the "I'm never drinking again" hangovers which were a couple times a week). But finally something clicked and here I am. "This Naked Mind" was definitely crucial for me in hearing that 'click'. ..I was thinking today about what's helped me and I think one thing that really helps is having a routine. I'm a creature of habit and it took a while to get into the habit of not going to bar but now that I've broken free of that it's definitely easier and I hardly even think about drinking anymore. Granted it's been easier to stick to a routine since I'm single AF and don't have kids but I've pretty much grown accustomed to having the same schedule throughout the week: Work exercise TV tea book and bed. I've also been trying to start the day with a mediation but that doesn't always happen...I know it doesn't sound very exciting but it works for me. After work I've been going on long walks or going to the gym and swimming or lifting weights. Been working on my flip-turns in the pool. Today I saw a deer in the park. (While listening to the finale of the Dr. Death podcast.)  I've been watching an hour to two of TV while winding down with melatonin and sleepy time tea. (So happy Shameless is back!) When I go to bed I'm trying to put down my phone and read a book (with mixed results). But I've definitely been reading more. Currently reading "Dry" by Augusten Borroughs and it's great. ..I'm still pretty lazy on the weekends but I like my little weekday routine. I'm healthier now than I've been in a long time and can't believe I'm a regular gym goer these days. I've also been listening to lots of good podcasts on my walks (recently discovered REPLY ALL and really dig it). I really don't miss wasting my life away sitting on a barstool spending all my money and getting fat. ..Thank you for being here SD! I wouldn't be here without all of you. I haven't posted in a minute but I come here every day and read and try to comment. I love our little community. I won't be drinking with you tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I read "Dry" loved it so much that I ended up reading a bunch of his books...I'm with you on the routine thing. I'm militant about my life. My kid teased me over the weekend that I was late for my 5.15 dog walk over the weekend since I went at 6.30 instead - I had to explain to him that on the weekends the drunks are still out going home and I prefer not to hear them (I don't know if it's the same guys being loud every weekend or if it's just a thing in my hood)... He laughed that I have this all down to such an exact science. I love routine - the downside is that I'm terrible with spontaneity and surprises... small price to pay...
Love "Dry" and Shameless. Routine helps me immensely as well. I'm a little insane about it. But it keeps me sober. IWNDWYT! 
Thanks for sharing! I hope hope to write a post like yours in the near future   awesome job on the 8 months that's remarkable iwndwyt!
It sounds like we live the same life apart from the gym bit. I need routine and structure and one of the nicest new parts are weekend mornings. I love getting up early and seeing the morning light and feeling the lovely fresh air. Man how my life has totally changed and I'm really loving it. Have a great day and IWNDWYT  
Awesome. Thanks for the post. I'm only 8 days in but routine is saving me. I created a new routine to replace the  walk through the door pour wine   and it really is helping so much.  Doing many of the things you spoke of also. Congratulations to you! 
Exact. Same. Routine. Down to the tea and melatonin  
8 month club representing! Yes routine had been super important for me too. The routine provides comfort doesn't it?
What a terrific post and congratulations on eight months. That's amazing! I hear you about routines. They help give my life purpose and shape. I found that alcohol filled a shapeless emptiness in my life...&amp;#x200B;..I'm 16 months sober and would like to get in better shape. I've lost 15 pounds by not drinking over my first eight months sober but then plateaued weight-wise by not doing anything else. Also I ended up reaching for ice cream too often as a substitute. I'm meeting with a personal trainer this afternoon to learn how to operate all the gym equipment which looks intimidating and I hope I can summon my resolve to build a routine with her that I will keep up with. IWNDWYT.
Congrats on 8 months! I also have built a routine of sorts. Start each day I can with time here at SD work in yard &amp; garden read attend meetings make sure meals are prepared for mom etc. I also like to be spontaneous so every week or 2 I figure out a small adventure for myself. Lucky I have a couple of non-drinking friends who are usually up for an adventure. I read somewhere..."My stopping was a starting point." I find this so true and am grateful that I have started living again. Stay strong &amp; Sober on!  Peace
Can relate to a lot read my posts from a while ago and so glad I am here with you now without a drop of alcohol...Thanks to all in this sub an Annie Grace!!..Feel so much better and happy that my the past 8 months I have been actually living life instead of walking around with a haze and either drunk or hungover...Lots 10kg of belly fat and doing stuff I would never have thought I would be doing- like going for runs in the morning...Well done and happy 8 month anniversary sober buddy!!
Hey you're my sobriety twin!
Your life sounds exciting to me. I'm looking forward to making a similar like for myself. Congrats!
This is great!  I would love to instill a routine I feel it would be very helpful to me.  I really like how you noticed/got to see/appreciated the deer!  Wouldn't have had that experience still in the drinking routine I'm sure! Congratulations!
