-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j2et7/should_i_stop_drinking_have_i_a_problem/

I'm not sure if its a problem. I don't drink every day maybe three times a week the problem is once I have a beer or two even if its just after work I get 'the taste' where I dont want to stop untill I'm drunk and go to bed sometimes I've had a couple of beers at dinner and feel I need to get drunk then I'll go out and buy a bottle of wine and maybe a couple of beers on top of that. But when I dont have a drink resisiting it is easy like in no way a struggle. It weird 
----------immediate responses--------

Not weird to me. This is a pretty common theme. You may not be an alcoholic but those are signs of alcohol abuse. If you told this to an alcohol evaluator they would claim you "binge drink". You can't just have one or two you have to get drunk. My advise would be take a long break. Maybe a 90 day break. Reset the clocks and see how it feels then. 
If you're here asking the question that's usually a pretty good indicator that something isn't quite right about your drinking......Having trouble stopping once you've started is very common - that's just what alcohol *does* to some of us.... It doesn't matter if that's every day or once in a blue moon and it doesn't even need to be every time you drink - the fact that it happens at all is a good enough reason to carefully consider whether it's worth drinking at all.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Just because you find it easy not to drink most of the time *now* doesn't mean to say that that'll be the case a few more years down the line... alcohol is an addictive drug and if anyone drinks enough of it for long enough it can turn into a psychological and physical addiction... it's much easier to do something about it *before* that happens than later on when the addiction has really taken hold.....Best of luck with whatever you decide to do!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I have a similar pattern. I notice that some of my poor decisions bleed into other days that I don't drink. Personally I can't wake up feeling not guilty after a night of heavy drinking. Self loathing kicks in and I hate feeling that way. I've made attempts to quit and I reason and wiggle my way out of it every time..."I'm not an alcoholic...I won't be dependant on it....I just need to unwind". All of these "reasons" have just been excuses. I think admitting that there is a problem is truly the hardest part. I am realizing getting sober may be the only thing that will truly impact my happiness for the better...If you have doubt's about whether you should stop I say try being sober for a month and see how you feel. I went 11 days without drinking and my mood swings disappeared I wasn't bloated and I woke up everyday feeling more refreshed than the last...Good luck to you!
Alcohol is a progressive disease.  It sneaks up on you.  I was at your stage once upon a time.  I let it progress to every day drinking.  I stopped before I was drinking in the the morning Every morning.  I did do it some mornings.  It was only a matter of time before it was more.  Abstaining completely is the way for me.  0 none never again.  Because it is never 'just one' for me.  If I have the first one I will drink until I'm blacked out.  .Life has never been so great until these last 8 months of sobriety.  I encourage everyone who is worried about their alcohol use to abstain.  Try the whole 90 day break thing.  .I know for me my life is much better without alcohol.  I'm never late.  I'm 40 pounds lighter.  I exercise.  I eat healthy.  I'm not in trouble with the law.  .Sobriety is the way for me.  :)
That's how alcohol works: you're thirsty so you drink -&gt; alcohol dehydrates you so you drink more -&gt; alcohol suppresses your inhibitions to not drink to much and you're more thirsty than before so you drink again -&gt; ad infinitum. You might find [this book](https://books.google.com/books?id=yPlPhQNv3RcC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false) helpful; it changed mine and many others' perceptions of alcohol.
Hi.   Fellow Irish person here too there's a few of us on here unsurprisingly. Alcohol addiction is progressive what may not be an issue for you now might develop into one as time goes on. Getting blackout drunk is a clear issue I remember how stunned I was when I was told that getting blackout drunk wasn't normal....I thought that was what happened when everyone drank alcohol.    As Woody said normies don't tend to worry about how much they are drinking....if you think you might have a problem you most likely do...Good luck mate. 
I had the same problem you had I stopped drinking just to see what it was like. 2 years later and I'm still going strong..If you've got any questions don't hesitate to ask...You don't need to label yourself as a problematic drinker or alcoholic to stop drinking.
This is exactly me. Once Friday rolled around I was binging heavily but throughout the week I didn't drink at all. I somehow justified my drinking because "it's my Friday thing! Time to let my hair down". I know people have said it here countless times but it is so true for me too having one drink opens the door for a night of recklessness for me. I needed to decline the first drink to truly get better. Glad you're here welcome aboard. 
Former binge drinker chiming in here. You sound like me in that I drank to get drunk. It wasn't a problem until it was. Do you have a problem? I can't answer that for you. Will you have a problem in the future? Why not take it off the table for 30 or better yet 90 days and use that time to reassess what your relationship is to alcohol? Booze isn't going anywhere and if it's not a problem that shouldn't be a problem right? I think it's good that you are questioning these things.
Former binge drinker chiming in here. You sound like me in that I drank to get drunk. It wasn't a problem until it was. Do you have a problem? I can't answer that for you. Will you have a problem in the future? Why not take it off the table for 30 or better yet 90 days and use that time to reassess what your relationship is to alcohol? Booze isn't going anywhere and if it's not a problem that shouldn't be a problem right? I think it's good that you are questioning these things.
