-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j5r8y/dreams_about_relapsing_and_being_coerced_into/

Am I the only one? I keep having these anxiety dreams of my friends and family trying to get me to drink! ..For instance last night I dreamt someone in my family was trying to get me to stay at a party and drink with them  like the old times . They kept reassuring me that everyone in recovery relapses and he wouldn't tell anyone so I can keep my badge and chip. I cried so hard in my dream that I wanted to stay sober and then I woke up. ..I've been sober more than 40 days and I have these dreams a few times a week featuring my ex-boss old friends I haven't spoken to and family that I am attached to because of drinking. ..Funny these anxious dreams never feature someone who is a stranger or faceless like in other nightmares or anxious dreams where you can't make out the face. These dreams are clear vivid and memorable. ..Does anyone else deal with dreams like this?! I wake up wondering if my brain is f***ing with me because I'm made a commitment to stop using. ..Thanks for reading and for the support!..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

I just dreamed about drinking last night. I think it happens to all of us. Now that I've been sober a little while it's less and less frequent though. Seems to happen in clusters-- like I won't have a drinking dream for 3 or 4 weeks and then I'll have 2 or 3 in the space of one week. 
Super common especially early. I can't remember the last time I had one but I have had several of them especially earlier on. I heard once that those vivid dreams were a result of our brains working overtime in attempts to heal itself. I don't know if that's even true but I always liked the sound of that for some reason.
I had a drinking dream last night as well.  Family members were there but not encouraging me to drink. I had gin hidden in different places in the dream.  I get them off and on  but don't put much credibility to them. I don't get freaked out by it anymore.  It's part of who I am and it is going to show up now and then.
