-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j8c9h/i_just_want_out_of_my_head/

I've been crying for hours and freaking out my dogs. I'm just so sad. ..I know this will pass I'm used to depression but FUCK. ..I wish I was drunk. I don't want to drink I just want to be drunk. To get a break from my emotions. I'm so fucking tired of feeling everything every fucking day. WHERE IS THE BREAK?! ..Sorry to be such a whiner and a bummer. .Just needed to say it. ...(I am in therapy and medicated but this has been a lifelong struggle and I honestly don't know that it will ever be fixed.)
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you are feeling bad. Sometimes I feel a craving to numb my mind too.  Over time sobriety has helped with my depression.  I'm sending positive thoughts way! IWNDWYT 
Sorry to hear you're having a rough time. I have days similar too; where the emotions just don't stop and seem inescapable. But as you say it will pass. It's nice that you have your dogs there even if you're freaking them out. Be well and feel better soon.
Hey there I have a couple of mental problems that i'm addressing now that I am sober. Its tough realizing that i'm going to have to do this routine of manic depressed uncertain depressed manic for here on out. My main focus right now is to make sure i'm not isolating and keeping my days the same as I normally would. I hope you can relate if not im sorry. I hope you feel better and make sure you talk to people that are close to you. so they know whats going on.
I'm also sorry you're feeling this way. And I've certainly been there before too. Just know that at some point maybe not today maybe not tomorrow but eventually you will feel better than this. Keep at it!!
I don't know if you have read about PAWS. You may want to read up about it and see if the symptoms they describe match what you are going through. ..It might sound campy but it does get easier. I promise. We spend a long time getting to where we got. It takes some time to put some distance from that last drink. I'm glad you don't feel like drinking. We both know that is not the answer and will only start this process all over again. ..Vent all you want on here. There are plenty of people that fully understand what you are going through. ..Hang in there kiddo. IWNDWYT .
Can you go for a run with your dogs? When I am that sad I find that I have to RUN until I am tired... it's all I can do.
I know that feeling the craving for "time out of mind". I still get it and the urge to just run away to anywhere and never come back which feels similar to me. These might not work for you but some things that have helped me in the past are 1. Riding my bike until I am exhausted 2. Going to a forest where there are no people or responsibilities 3. Finding a friend and just doing whatever they want to do no control just following along. I know it isn't the same. Hopefully you can work on why you feel like you need to escape and you can find a way to be less miserable untill then. I won't drink with you today
I'm sorry you're going through that. I fucking hear you... I've been there many a-time. Not that I want you to suffer but it was really helpful to read your post and know that it isn't just me that this happens to.
Just read this.  How ya doin now? 
