-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jck6h/just_a_thought_about_giving_up_drinking/

Hey guys first time on this sub. ..So I'm 21 going into my final year at uni and I'm seriously considering giving up alcohol. I only drink on the weekends which sometimes also leads to me getting drugs (always smoke when I drink as well) ..These past few months I have been considering just giving it up all together. I feel like I'm happiest when I'm just tea total I love going to the gym eating healthy and exercising but drink and drugs really throw me off this path and leave me feeling like shit for days. I really hate going from a fake version of myself when I'm drunk to being the lowest most anxious version of myself hungover which as I said tends to last for 2/3 days. I struggle to just have  a  drink and I don't really want to quit because I feel like I would lose a lot of friends. ..As I said it is just a thought and I'm not definitely going to do this anytime soon but I would love to hear your thoughts on this. It might give me a new perspective. ..Thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

Just do it what's the worst that could happen?!..I wish I'd stopped when I was 21 I'd have saved myself over a decade of misery wasted money and potential piss-poor decision-making etc.....True friends will support you and want the best for you regardless of whether or not they drink themselves... those who are merely 'drinking buddies' may not and that's just the way it goes.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Best of luck and keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
It's interesting how your con list (potentially losing friends) outweighs your pros of quitting list (health happiness exercise)..Quitting was very good for me. And my social life to be honest. But the drive to drink even one seemed so insurmountable. 
It took me forever to realize this truth and I'm still working on it. But I think the reward is not drinking. It's not only the best thing I can do for my mental state and bio state it's also the best thing I can do for people I care about. Not drinking is my reward... it's like not having to drink poison and then not dealing with all the consequences that come from poisoning myself. 
I have heard that the second best time to plant a tree is today. The first of course would be 20 years ago. Maybe try 30/60/90 days and then evaluate the benefits? I started my sober journey just over 6 months ago...and would give anything to have started when I was 21. (63M). Addiction is progressive. Moderation is way harder than abstinence. Best wishes on whatever decision you make.  Peace
