-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jgg9w/sober_moms_advice_or_others_in_similar_positions/

Stay at home mom to a 5 month old here. I've struggled off and on to quit drinking before I got pregnant but had no problem quitting alcohol cold turkey when I was pregnant so thought I was  over  the issue - anyway I'm now in the difficult place of needing to get sober while I have the stress of a crying teething baby am not sleeping much and am constantly being invited to  necessary moms wine nights  etc from friends in the neighborhood - and it's hard to get the  you are a mom you need wine  talk out of my head. My husband travels Monday through Friday and it's hard to leave the house with a baby (certainly for AA meetings or anything like that) so I am hoping that this online group might help. Usually I start drinking around now (4:30 pm my time) so hoping posting will prevent that...Anyway - was hoping for advice from sober moms or others in similar positions - my nerves are frayed from my baby crying but I need to get sober for him ASAP before my drinking gets worse :( so any advice is welcome thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Wine O'clock should be banned! I hate that expression. I'm 54 with four children who saw me drunk on too many occasions. Look your baby boy in the eyes and tell him you're doing this for him. Believe me you won't regret it. Alcohol will only make things worse you'll find yourself not able to cope you'll function much better as a sober person and eventually you'll never look back. Trust me X ..IWNDWYT
I'm not a mom or a stay at home parent but perhaps I can offer some hope and motivation.  My drinking destroyed my relationship with my children now 13 and 10.  I lied to myself often about how good of a father I was because I made decent money wasn't verbally or emotionally abusive and I took care of my responsibilities such as getting them to school and events.  It did not take me long in sobriety to realize how emotionally absent I had been to them.  Here I was sober trying to be a better dad and I had nothing in common with my children.  They shared no interests with me because I never involved them.  I never threw the ball with my son.  I never talked school gossip with my daughter.  We didn't play games or go places together.  It has been disheartening at times trying to be involved and seing how little interest they have.  But I cannot blame them for it was I who was absent.  When I was drinking my favorite line when my children saught my attention was "maybe tommorrow" or "we can do that this weekend".  If you are like me your drinking will drive a very real wedge between you and them that can never be fully remedied.
Maybe keeping in mind that if your little one is suddenly sick on the evening or night you must be able to drive him to hospital? I know it's crazy but I've been there so drunk at night that if anything had happened I couldn't have handled it at all..Stick to fizzy drink find one that you really like (peach ginger beer is mine).I feel for you I had no issue being sober while pregnant and breastfeeding but when I stopped breastfeeding within a week I was back to crazy drinking. Day 2 here kids are 5 and 2 and driving me crazy hate being their slave and starting over and over the same day... but IWNDWYT..Love
I am a mom. Sober time spent with my kids is amazing. They grow up so fast! ..Why not join a Y? They have so many classes for moms and child care. ..Hugs! 
If you are on instagram I see a lot of moms who are rejecting the "wine mom" label and of course I can't find any of them right now but if you follow https://www.instagram.com/tellbetterstories2018/ you might be able to find some of them or you can look in hashtags like https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/hipsobriety/ or https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/teetotaler/ ..That might be a way to at least see that there are other people like you even if they are't in your neighborhood. ..You might also like the Bubble Hour podcast it's women in recovery and you might hear familiar stories. The host blogs at https://unpickledblog.com/ and has a ton of resources. ..I also bet there is another mom in your area having the exact same thoughts as you and if you ever felt like you could say "hey I'm doing Sober October" or something like that they might jump on board. It also gives you a way to ease into the not-drinking as though you were doing Whole30 or going gluten free or something. ..There are also resources like this: https://www.sobermomsguide.com/  and https://sobermommies.com/..NY Times articles https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/07/well/family/wine-moms-drinking-alcohol-sober-parenting.html ..I'm not a mom but I remember visiting a friend shortly after she had given birth. I brought food to her and she about wept saying "Look at what everyone else brought me" and pointed to like 6 bottles of "Mommy's Little Helper" wine. It was horrible. ..Good luck and good for you for posting here. You aren't alone. 
So wish I had stopped 6 years ago when my first was a baby. I have wasted these special years. Irreplaceable time. It's the biggest regret of my life and always will be. So - welcome to this place. This is exactly the right place for you to be for your sake and for your baby. Xx.ps I second the bit about late night emergency hospital visits. Been there done that. Need to be sober for them. Good luck &amp; IWNDWYT
I've been struggling with this too. I'm about 8 months pregnant and I stopped drinking last October. Right now people expect me not to drink but I feel like as soon as baby comes the expectation is to have a drink in hand the next day! ..I'm bracing myself for the transition back to explaining I don't drink again to people. I don't want to  blame  breastfeeding. ..I'm just glad I will be able to respond if my baby needs me. I don't have to worry about not drinking too much or pacing myself. I don't really have advice but know you're not alone! Sober mamas unite :) 
Thanks for posting. I stopped drinking about a year and a half ago and it's been a pretty smooth road (at least after getting past the first 60 days or so). ..I'm now finishing my first trimester and for some reason have been thinking somewhat longingly about potentially drinking again after the baby is born. I really need to check myself. Hearing from other new moms such as yourself is helpful...Here's one other thing that I think could help too: when I was first getting sober I read a ton of recovery memoirs including one called  Drunk Mom . I remember it being rather painful to read at points with the author descending pretty deep into alcoholism upon the arrival of her newborn. I will be re-reading it as its content could be a good motivator to keep on the wagon and on the beam...Best of luck and congratulations!   
I am a mom and it was after I began to stay at home with my young children that I lost control over my problem.  That lifestyle is isolating frustrating and tiring - especially in a situation like yours where your husband is travelling a lot - and it's hard not to rationalize an easy relief for stress...My word of advice would be that it's not worth it: I look back on the unsafe and irresponsible things I did during those years especially the times when I got drunk while the only parent at home.  By the time I decided to be proactive about quitting I was thinking long and hard about starting some day drinking at 10 so that I could be sober enough to pick them up from preschool at 2.  That's... really messed up but it's a memory I have to own.  It reminds me why I need to stay sober...5 became 4:30 became 4... and so forth.  I'm so grateful that nothing bad ever happened but it could have.  I fed them bathed them (!) read them stories and put them to bed without any memory of that time.  That doesn't need to be you...I hope you'll stick around grab a [badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you want one and find some encouragement here.  
I agree with everything everyone has said so far. Mom here who stayed at home with my children when they were little and husband travelled for work. I drank. I regret. I am sober now and it is wonderful and I am a great mom who just wishes she'd made this choice ten years earlier...The BIGGEST thing for a new mom is to avoid isolation. It's easy to stay home when you're so so tired but self-care is vitally important at your stage. Even if you just go to a library story time or sit at a coffee shop while he naps in a stroller. You can socialize sober with the neighbors but it won't be easy and probably too triggering until you have a few weeks or months under your belt...I empathize mama I really do. I also envy the time you can save by making this change now so early in your first child's life!  Good luck and IWNDWYT.
[removed]
The baby is welcome at AA meetings.  It's a good reason to get out of the house if you've been staying home a lot. Have you connected with a new mom's group Gymboree Music together etc?
I have a two year old and am a single stay at home mom five months a year. I want to say I feel you. My baby was never is still not easy. I started really drinking a lot and never got a break since I stopped working. I can't literally ease your burden I just wanted you to know I still remember how hard those first months are and I can commiserste. Sleep does come back. Never feel guilty asking for help call a neighbor just to get a break to walk around the block or to cry in the other room. The other moms should understand that you need to start skipping mom wine nights in the interest of rest. Hang on! It's a beautiful roller coaster...but it is a roller coaster. 
Someone on SD pointed me to the @Tellbetterstories2018 account on instagram and it has totally opened my eyes to alcohol messaging to women. There's a whole community of sober moms and awesome people fighting the  wine Mom  trope. .Best of luck; iwndwyt! 
Stay at home Dad here. ..In your post you say "The isolation has been the hardest part... loneliness at night would trigger drinking before I was pregnant and I just don't know how to avoid it because I am literally stuck at home at night."..I hope this sub-reddit can be a way to fight the evening isolation. On nights when I feel like drinking I login here and post and read other people's updates. It helps. ..You are winning the battle already because you said you need to get sober for your little guy before it gets worse. ..Hang in there. What little sleep you get gets better when you're sober. Then the nerves in time become a little less frayed every day. ..Raising a stay-at-home club soda to you tonight. ..&amp;#x200B;
Now full disclosure: I'm not a mother or even a woman but I always hated the 'wine o'clock' and 'mommy juice' bullshit.
