-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ji6g1/musings_on_my_first_sober_staycation/

Just got home from an anniversary staycation with my husband and wanted to share some insights. I'm coming up on 60 days at midnight and wow--who knew I could come so far in such a short time? If you look at my post history my biggest fear during Week 1 was the future particularly vacations since I love to travel. Turns out I had nothing to be afraid of. ..We booked a cute little hotel room on a lake after our plans to go to a concert in Los Angeles fell through. I feel like the Universe was doing me a favor to be honest. I didn't feel strong enough to brave a show even though I was really excited for it. Anyway the hotel was absolutely wonderful and packed with freebies like kayaking beach cruisers s'mores to enjoy by the fire pits and even a cheesy fountain light show on the water that we dubbed "The Poor Man's Bellagio." Serious summer camp vibes! ..Even though I was dead set on staying sober I was a little worried I would feel deprived and not enjoy myself. I did feel a little childish ordering a mocktail at dinner as everyone around me drank wine but you know what? It wasn't a big deal. My craving for wine wasn't a physical craving at all. It was 100% habitual. The mocktail was good but I didn't finish it. Too sweet. Had it been a cocktail I could have downed four. Funny how our taste buds seem to shut off while drinking. Next time I'll stick to sparkling water. ..I have to say old me probably wouldn't have even booked a staycation. She would have been salty about the postponed concert and resolved to drinking somewhere fancy but familiar in her neighborhood. If she did go she would have insisted on pregaming before ever leaving the hotel getting way too drunk at dinner skipping dessert in favor of a sugary cocktail having sloppy sex (or none at all) apologizing to her husband for god-knows-what and waking up with a raging hangover wondering why she even booked a hotel when she could get drunk at home for free. Bonus points if she ended up crying...New me is a different story. Here are some things she did: ..\- Took full advantage of free kayaking each day..\- Unplugged with a new record of zero updates and stupid pics on social media..\- Ate two desserts..\- Shared vulnerable thoughts and questions about her sobriety with her husband (who was drinking but is 1000% supportive and wonderful)..\- Had awesome fully present sex..\- Practiced yoga on the patio in full sun..\- Met the happiest pitbull named Amelia at the coffee bar..\- Took an evening walk along the water..Perhaps most memorable was that we kept running into the same group of drinkers. First when they passed us in our kayaks making well-intentioned but unfunny comments from their boat. Next at dinner where one guy repeatedly banged on the table burdened a poor server with a political rant littered with obscenities (the bits I picked up on were racist as well because...of course) and last on their balcony where the wine continued to flow. The women of the group with were completely unengaged--only interested in their drinks and each other. I caught the eyes of Loudmouth's friend and his eyes were lifeless and creepy. The group was probably twice our age very wealthy (as evidenced by a Ferrari outside of their suite) and just an all around shit show. In the past I would have laughed off their antics but last night I couldn't help but feel sad. I was also humbled thinking of how easily I could become an old weathered drunk woman who needs a friend to hold her up at dinner. I read here that it's ok to feel a little cocky if it helps you navigate boozy situations. It's true. Feeling superior felt good but compassion felt better. Hell yes I'm better sober. But not better than them. Better than the old me. ..Sobriety really is magical you guys. I feel strong free and in control of my mind and body. I just accepted a guest spot on Annie Grace's podcast (yay!) and my anxiety is at an all time low. The future still scares me. It's still hard at times but I'm committed. I'm doing the work. My booze goblin fills me with all kinds of thoughts: "You can start over. Relapse is part of recovery right? It's your anniversary. Your husband won't judge. You might even have a better story to tell on the podcast. Who are you to even speak on sobriety? You're no expert." and then I drown that bitch in Pellegrino. ..Universe willing this will be my first success story of many. I hope the same for you too. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I love success stories!  Thank you for posting.  
This was wonderful thank you so much for sharing it! 
Awesome post!!!!! Very relatable and encouraging thanks for sharing. 
It is great to hear your story. Way to go! Thanks for the inspiration. Iwndwyt
Great post. I love what you said about not being better than them but better than than the old you. Comparing ourselves to others usually results in false pride or self hatred. And way to go on 59 days!
Keep keep keep going lol and well done 
Great post. Thank you for sharing.
This is beautiful. Thank you for sharing! 
I may have gone to that same concert you missed in LA this weekend... and it's why I'm here. The next morning is when I finally decided that enough is enough. And on top of that I barely remember what was probably the greatest live performance I will ever attend. Now it's onto Day 5 for me. Kudos to you for making the most of having to miss a show and here's hoping next time we are both able to be there and FULLY there!
queen bey! can't wait for next time!
