-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jn2m4/update_im_the_guy_that_got_a_1yr_jail_sentence/

My original post can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bk8ry/my_last_drink_earned_me_a_1yr_jail_sentence_i_was/) ..I don't know if we do updates on this sub or not but just wanted to share a little bit about what's been happening...I came home from jail and found that my SO had been seeing an ex while I was locked up. I mean it's fucked up but also understandable. I was gone for 9 months that's not exactly "hey I'll be gone for the weekend". So I went to stay with a buddy of mine but he was still into the alcoholic lifestyle and I just didn't want to jeopardize my sobriety. Spoke with my sponsor (who unfortunately moved upstate so he's more of an understanding friend now as I'll be looking for another local sponsor) and he made the crazy suggestion to go a shelter. I don't have any family around here anymore and most of my friends are drinkers so I was pretty low on options. I decided it's better than living on the street. ..So I went to an emergency shelter for people who were recently released jail/prison. It's not the best place in the world it's actually alot like jail as far as having sheriff's deputies staffed there the occasional theft and people taking the free food and making goolashes (that cracked me up). They also offer an AA meeting every night so that's been helpful. So it's basically jail you can leave at anytime. However I was given a month to show improvement or I'd have to leave because there are so many people needing to enter the shelter. ..Well after a bunch of struggling on the job market as a convicted felon I finally used my past work experience persuasive personality and above all brutal honesty with employers and a local BBQ restaurant has given me the opportunity to prove myself as a full-time cook. ..I'm waiting on the bus as I type this to go in and get my Safe Staff card renewed. I think that's enough improvement to extend my stay there and stack up some cash until I can figure out my next move. ..Until then I will be happy not to drink with you today! Keep your head up guys!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you.  Hopefully this will be the start of a new beginning it will be worth it when you get hat first paycheque!  Stay strong and stay smart!  
stay the course and eventually - after all the struggling - it will all work out 
Great job so nice to read an inspiring story.  IWNDWYT :)
I love updates! I'm so happy for you. It's easy to wallow in self pity but you're not doing that. Stay strong.
I am not drinking with you today.  
On the road to the good life...Here in the south that always includes BBQ...
You're a real fighter. Really inspiring. Good luck out there.
One foot in front of the other.Sometimes it's what life is about. IWNDWYT
Godspeed brother.
Thats impressive. Well done! Best of luck with everything. I will not drink with you today! 
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow said..."Today is the blocks with which we build." Keep on building my friend! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
Man this is so impressive.  I was sentenced with a year also for a DWI (smashed into a parked car blackout thank God no one was hurt ) but lawyered up and got 16 months probation.  It's been rough(spending that first night/day in jail I know that's rougher) and I just recently got a job at a little local place.  It's shitty the owner likes to be bossy and is younger than me.  But hey both of us have vastly improved and I suppose what I'm getting at is that the improvement won't stop with you getting this job!  It's hard now but like martial arts training it can and will get easier if you just keep chipping away.  And then well holy shit you're in a relationship with this amazing sweet wonderful and gorgeous girl AND have money in your pocket from not drinking and boom dang you feel pretty good things are going great and their only getting better 
You are doing great! Just remember " we dont have to move fast we just have to move forward" . Keep up the forward movement and take care of yourself.  
This is such a good example of not drinking even when your ass is on fire.  Keep it up  OP!
Your motivation and strength is beautiful. I love you. If you can look up you can get up. You are proof to that. 
Hey OP thanks for the update. I have a similar experience to yours. When I was released from detox after a few days of drying up I went to a local shelter instead of going home and being a burden to the people around me. It gave me a good perspective on the struggles many people go through while also providing a positive place to remain sober. I made friends with people going through the same struggles and was able to keep myself busy working in the kitchen.  ..All in all my situation turned out to be what I chose to make of it. And in my opinion that's very empowering. Since then I have chosen not to drink many days. I look back on that time of my life and think "If i can survive being homeless I can make it through anything." Maybe one day you will look back on this time as a pivotal moment in your life and ultimately a major catalyst in changing your life for the better. Good luck!
Congratulations man. It is only up from here! And from your post it seems you have a very mature understanding of what happened and what you need to do...Also good on you to recognize you cannot go back to friends who will just take you back to where you were. 
Good for you man.  Take it one day at a time.  Keep your head on straight and your honesty and hard work will begin to pay off.
Great story good luck with your sober life!..IWNDWYT
Wow you have a lot of intestinal fortitude I don't know that I could handle what you've been through and are going through.  Keep it up you're an inspiration.  
I hope you realize what an inspiration you are.  I'm sorry for how hard it is but stuff like this is amazing and helps us all.  If nothing else think of how many people are rooting for you how much shares like this help us.  I know I'm rooting for you.  IWNDWYT!
Dude I sincerely wish you all the best. So so hard. God damn alcohol just kills. Take care you aren't alone. 
People who honestly try and help themselves by doing the right thing are far more likely to get help from others. Keep up the good work and I'm sure more positive things will start happening for you. Way to go. You're an inspiration for others.
You got this man. It's a long hard trek but these first steps are the most important.
You are doing so great!!!!! Way to take advantage of resources available to you!..It can be humbling (I applied for food stamps the other day for the first time) but there is no shame in making hard choices to rebuild our lives. ..I'd also like to commend you for taking the change in your romantic situation. No resentment created didn't use it as a reason to drink etc. Maybe you were really awesome before sobriety but either way positive signs! Lol...Good luck at the new job! Cannot wait for your next post!..IWNDWYT.
My SO replaced me when i was in jail for 8 months. I got out sept 2017 and it hurt man. But fuck it. She just showed you how important you were in her life. Once the pain subsides youll see this as the blessing in disguise that it is...Stay safe and sober man!
.I remember your post. Good for you matey best of luck. X
Inspiring stuff my dude.  Rooting for you
Step by step man.  Way to go with everything.  
Congratulations on the new job keep it up!
You are the definition of self-improvement and dedication to the grind. IMO part of what makes recovery so hard for people to achieve is that it's not just quitting a substance...it's absolutely changing the way you operate your life. I created a huge hole for myself in my days of use and using; cleaning up for me was more about rebuilding my life from the bottom of a demolished basement and less about mere abstinence. After the initial physical shock to my system recovery has been 80% rebuilding a new life a different life a recovered life. What you are doing takes testicular fortitude in spades and you obviously have the right mindset to create a new existence for yourself. For me the pure blood I sweat rebuilding my personal disaster site is plenty of solid motivation to keep my substances of choice at bay. "Playing the tape forward" is a powerful tool in sobriety for me as I never want to have to start over in such a shit storm again. You are absolutely in beast mode and powerful positive change happens with that kind of drive and determination. IWNDWYT!
You are staying strong and putting one foot in front of the other.  That is a lot to be proud of. Good luck with your new job! You will be great! Keep your sobriety your priority. IWNDWYT 
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step"...Congratulations on keeping your head up and your eyes clear...It's not too late to turn a journal into a book. Nobody reads books about people that nothing happened to. ..Not to bring up a sore subject but if she loved *you* she would have waited. She didn't find a new guy she went *back* to someone.  Your incarceration just gave her "permission" to do what she was going to do anyway but didn't have the guts to tell you...You can do this...IWNDWYT.
If you need help in the future I know many goodwill's have employment programs for ex-offenders. My husband used to run one and they did some great work and have been expanding the program (it used to be called second chance) 
This is good to hear fresh start i wont drink with you today 
We are all on your team!! You've obviously been through a lot and are working your ass off. Respect 
That is great to hear! Keep doing what you're doing. 
Good work and best wishes! IWNDWYT
Fuck man thanks for sharing. You have it very tough and so I applaud you for not drinking. You have no idea also how much it helps me with keeping my sobriety - I reflect on my life and how much easier I have it so I have no excuse whatsoever to drink. 
You're very positive and looking forward that's cool. A lot of people would've thrown in the towel already. I think you're gonna be fine :) x
Good for you!! Keep up the good work!! IWNDWYT 
What a great read.  This fella doesn't give up. You're moving onwards and upwards mate. Well done. 
Thanks for the update and major respect for doing what you had to do to stay sober! .Congrats dude
You're a true inspiration! How do you manage to stay positive during times like these? Thank you for sharing your story. It helps me feel like I can do this.   
I'm proud of you. Keep on keeping on brother.
Happy that the news didn't make you crack. Stay strong brother
Good on you impressive in the face of daunting challenges. I won't drink with you today!
You rock dude keep on keepin on nowhere but UP to go
Everyone faces adversity (some more than others) it's about how you respond. You're doing a great job of reacting positively and proactively. Put in the hard work now and it will pay off. Not too long from now you'll be able to look back at this proudly. I believe in you keep working hard and things will continue to improve!
Good on you! Iwndwyt! 
One day at a time brother. ..Sounds simple just don't drink. One day at a time. And find people to talk to. ..Hang in there man 
I'm proud of you.  
Fuck yeah. Congrats man. Even if there's a lot of bullshit going on in your life the fact that you got a job as a convicted felon is a huge victory imo. I hope that's only the first of many victories for you...Your last post resonated with me cause I've done a lot of stupid shit drunk. I was never in jail for longer than a night cause of it but still it could potentially have been a lot worse. I can live with the shit I've done to hurt myself but I draw the line at where my drinking's hurt other people or damaged my interpersonal relationships...I've alienated some people cause of things I don't even remember saying or doing. I have ex-friends who don't talk to me anymore for reasons I'm not aware of. I've also been falsely accused of sexual harassment while under the influence. I didn't fall for that gaslighting and I stood up for myself but being drunk made it harder to fight back against it plus I get stereotyped as a douche or dudebro so people who don't know me well likely wouldn't doubt those types of accusations...That's a big reason why I don't drink anymore. I've learned the hard way that not being in full control of your own actions is some scary shit that can lead to real consequences in the sober world whether you do anything bad or not. But your story isn't just a cautionary tale to me it's becoming a tale of redemption. IWNDWYT
Ahhh that is great. Glad you are doing so well.  Keep us posted.  Best wishes. 
This brightens my day. Good for you. Keep it up and keep us posted. 
One foot in front of the other friend. It doesn't matter how deep we dig ourselves in it only takes 12 steps to get out.
Keep fighting brother proud of you
[removed]
It's is really nice to hear your words of optimism. A disease crippled you but you're up and walking again. Congrats. 
I'm so proud of you and I believe in you . You are showing the world and yourself that you are brave and courageous!  .You will go out and do greater things in your life and know this  you are already great.
Thanks for the update. I know I always like to hear how people are doing. Sounds like you are working hard and doing really well. I wish you all the best.
Da boss man of the kitchen! Sweet. But a carton of cigarettes
You deserve a lot of good jobs. Not everyone has the self control you've exercised so you should feel proud of yourself. It sounds like you've got a good head on your shoulders and you're definitely moving in the right direction. Again good job. Hope the best for you. 
Go get ahold of your life I wish you heaven.
Wishing you all the luck and I hope its the the start of a new and happy life. IWNDWYT
Make it happen brother I have a very similiar story to yours now my life is completely turned around and I am even helping others. God bless and again make it fucking happen.
you're doing great pal.  keep it up.  .not drinking with you today.
BBQ food is good! Look for some positive ree forcmen with Co workers. You got this man
Way to go keep it up.  Your post helped me today.  Thank you.
Dude this is so badass! You are strong and you are inspiring! We will not drink with you today.
That's an impressive story. I'm amazed that I didn't end up going down that path. It was so close. I've seen others who just couldn't pull themselves out of the convict pit. Congrats that's a pretty decent job!
I remember reading your last post and I'm so happy to hear this update. I think you're doing really really well in proving yourself and you seem motivated for the future. Good luck in your plans to find somewhere to live  
True freedom is within your reach now. Have a go at it
Keep on truckin' my man!
Great News! Thanks for the update!
Congrats Red! That's great!
