-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jqk82/ah/

Cravings are really strong. I'm already seeing the relapse. But I have a speaker meeting to go to tonight at 8 and my sister is coming and going to her first aa meeting. Should be good. I have a lot to do tomorrow and Sunday. And I'm excited to relax. ..I just need to get to 8 pm. That's the meeting. I'll feel better...How do you turn it off?! .. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing all the right things!..I let myself "experience" the craving....   I find that if i do it begins to diminish.  I tell myself:  "I have feelings they come and go....  I have urges they come and go....  I have cravings they come and go....  this craving will diminish and evaporate....   if I call a sober person and talk about it it will evaporate"
The craving hit me HARD yesterday - on my eighth day. I went to a meeting and felt sooo much better afterward. I have no idea how to turn it off. I do try and just let the feeling be there not fight it. Also some deep breaths help. Enjoy your meeting!
If it helps I know how you feel. I wasn't able to get to a meeting today and the cravings have really come back hard. I wasn't expecting that result but there it is! Thankfully I have fought them for now and it will soon be time for bed (I am in the U.K.) and I can hit a few meetings tomorrow. 
I realized after a while that the relapse began in my head. The moment I began envisioning the relapse I began to make it real prepare the way for it to bloom in real life. So I kicked it off the table. Envisioned alternative realities like going to a meeting or meeting a friend or setting out to do something that would just necessarily keep me from drinking. Also really important to me was HALT checking to see if this craving really was me being Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired. I would stay hydrated drink water or juice and always have with me some light snacks or fruit to take the edge off the craving whenever I felt it coming. That turned it off for me. Hang in there you re doing real work. I will not drink with you today!
Pray. I know it's crazy but it really helps. 
