-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jzft1/doing_my_best_to_keep_it_together/

I'm at my wits' end. My family and I live with my wife's demented grandmother. We do most of her care-taking and I just feel like I can't anymore. I've grown to despise her (maybe not her mostly the crazy monster her dementia makes her). .Today has been particularly shitty and I've craved alcohol soooo many times to just escape my anger with her. I know it wouldn't help and it would just strain my already stressed family even more. I've been able to reason my way through the craving and not cave. But I have no outlet for my frustration! Reasoning with her compromises agreements etc. don't work since she has literally no memory of whatever behavior caused the problem in the first place. This constant build-up of frustration is becoming unbearable and I don't know where to turn..We're waiting for a nursing home to take her but have no idea how long we have to continue struggling through this shit before she's accepted. The uncertainty is also INCREDIBLY frustrating..I'm hoping that I can use his platform as a venting source. My hope is that by getting out some of my frustration here it will help me deal with my every-day life a bit more realistically. I'm becoming snappy and mean because my nerves are stretched so fucking THIN. .Thanks for reading. I wanted to drink today but I won't. Cheers I'm going to go listen to angry music in the basement.
----------immediate responses--------

I delt with my mothers  decline into dementia I know what you are feeling but remember she is no longer in control of her actions much like me when I drink. Take some time for yourself if you can best of luck...
It's hard to imagine how difficult this must be for you. Your whole family is affected by this so staying sober is a free gift you can give your family while they cope with this situation and also gives them a role model of how to deal with life struggles without resorting to alcohol. The drugging effect of alcohol is a  fix  but won't fix the problem. Blessings to you and your family. IWNDWYT
[removed]
