-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k3mjd/birthday_tomorrow_today/

Hi All I've lurked here for a while but I've never posted. 3 and a half weeks ago I decided to stop drinking after several years of heavy use. after 2 days of wretched withdrawal symptoms (vomiting convulsions cold sweats etc.) I finally decided to go see my doctor. Long story short my blood pressure was 193/87 and I was immediately given lorazepam and metoprolol...Anyway that was 3 weeks and four days ago and I've been sober since. It's been super hard but luckily I have great support from my family and doctor. I've also stopped smoking and for two weeks have been running everyday. I'm feeling pretty good most of the time but most nights I get really anxious and depressed and really crave alcohol...I'm writing this because tomorrow (or today on the east coast) is my birthday. I know it's really going to be a struggle for me to not drink especially as I've been to embarrassed to tell anyone outside my close family about my drinking so my friends will probably try to (good naturally)  pressure me into drinking on my birthday. Anyway I was just wondering if anyone had any good strategies or ideas or even just support on not drinking for things like this. I'm writing this today so hopefully I can have something to read for help tomorrow night...Cheers...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday! I "play the tape forward" --  remember how I felt when I drank (hint: super shitty) and remind myself that if I take another sip even one I'll be right back there. I also have plenty of fizzy non-alcoholic drinks around and when I go out I have a club soda and lime in my hand at all times. I treat myself to a nice dinner and dessert when I want to celebrate. ..Congrats on 3 weeks and 4 days! The first few weeks are tough but it does get better. I won't drink with you on your birthday!
I'd suggest keeping some tonic water or soda or something in your hand so no one gives you something to drink. Also don't feel bad if you need to leave for awhile. Put yourself first. Happy birthday! 
[removed]
Hey welcome fellow metoprolol consumer! I actually have low blood pressure but I need it for my migraines. It made me bloat really bad after the first week but taking magnesium supplements with made that stop and went back to normal in a few days. ..&amp;#x200B;..The metoprolol is what I use as my excuse not to drink no one ever gives me shit when I tell them I'm on meds and can't drink. Good luck and IWNDWYT :)
I've been racking my brain for excuses for not drinking at upcoming events. Thinking of selling it as close to the truth as possible "alcohol hasn't been making me feel well lately so I haven't been drinking it. And what do you know I feel better."  I imagine anyone reading between the lines would be nice about the truth but most people wouldn't think twice about it.  
I was/am embarrassed to talk to my family and friends about it but it's getting easier. I've told my immediate family I'm taking a break from alcohol; have gone into varying amount of detail depending who it is. Since I stopped drinking 4.5 months ago I've had my Grandma's funeral/wake my nephew's 2nd birthday (adults were drinking) my Mum's 60th birthday party my Grandad's 80th birthday party and other things I can't think of right now. No one has pressured me because the one's I've told know it's a serious decision and the ones that don't didn't even notice what I was or wasn't drinking...I think if you tell those closest to you  I'm having a break from alcohol  they shouldn't press it (hopefully) and those less close won't even notice you aren't drinking. But if you don't want to say at all having an alcohol-looking drink in an appropriate glass will fool most. Good luck congrats and happy birthday!!!
I run with a really hard partying crowd and ESPECIALLY on my birthday they wouldn't take no for an answer about drinking. ..Is it possible for you to change your plans to do something low-key with close family only ... like a nice dinner?..If you have to go out I'd recommend coming in strong with an ironclad medical excuse why you can't drink. The "just have a soda in your hand" never worked for me because my friends like to order in rounds. Finally don't stay too long because my willpower always frays after an hour or two. Good luck.
