-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k60bk/sober_october_are_the_lurkers_here_ever_inspired/

Is anyone else here "struggling" inspired by this trend every year at times? I did it last year and hadn't felt so good in years. I was a real gym rat at the time and kept it going well until about april through july with casual drinking. When July rolled around I let my drinking get a little too "moderate" again socially and stopped caring about my diet. My father passed away july 14th along with my 4 family dogs in a house fire and ever since then desire had overtaken willpower..... Today as a mark of both being happy with myself a year ago and a responsibility to be healthy for my significant other I will be taking a stand this month and hopefully beyond to be more responsible for own wellbeing. ..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree and I'm not sure why last October was my best streak last year. I remember I went 22 days straight without drinking at the beginning of October which is really good for me. People at my job were commenting about how they thought I was on some type of drug because I was so upbeat and happy but in reality it was because I was feeling the best that I've ever felt in my life after about 11 days. Around the same time I was able to get a Nother job which paid me a lot more because of the new found confidence I got from being sober. I'm going to give this a shot again starting tomorrow.
I started on Thursday in preparation for sober October 3 days in now and feeling much better. Going to make it through October this year and hopefully Xmas and new year's too. I'm determined to do it. It's great to have found so many like minded people here. 
I am so sorry to hear of the untimely loss of your father and the dogs. What a monumental blow that must have been...Kudos to you on this new attempt at the life you want to be leading...IWNDWYT!
I'm with you.. IWNDWYT in October and hopefully long after!
In Norway they seemingly started a campaign with "Stoptober" and its about quitting or helping someone quit with Nicoline or addiction. Im gonna stick with the alcohol addiction and join Stoptober. Its a fun name. 
Awesome.  Well welcome back. Have had a similar journey. Quit completely last August. Came this past summer and I resumed my social drinking. That evolved back to drinking at home every night.  Going thru 2 handles of rum a week. Had my last drink 3 weeks ago. Feeling strong and positive.  IWNDWYT 
44 days ago I decided to quit drinking **for good** but I am not ready to tell anyone yet. Ive been telling everyone that I was doing Sober September and was wondering what my excuse would be for October.  Love the idea that Sober October is a thing.  
To be honest...every month is the same to me. They're ALL better than in years past as long as there is no booze involved. 
So sorry about your dad &amp; the dogs but I'm glad you're here and gearing up for Sober October.
