-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k93p5/aa62_days/

I'm 62 days sober today. Its been a wild ride. I didthe rehab for 30 days and am i. A good recovery house. I've been there for 30 days. I like it. My issue I'm struggling withis the sponsor/12 steps. Specifically the having/finding a higher power or god type thing. I've never been a spiritual type person and doubt I will ever be. How do I go about this Im struggling with this part.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I too disagree with the higher power bullsh&amp;t. The God agenda is a big trigger to drink for me. There are other secular sobriety programs. Even here on reddit there are a few atheistic recovery subs. Aa isn't the only program out there  you are not limited to just that group. .
SMART might be more your style. They do meetings
My dog is my higher power.  Agnostic in AA no problems except when I preached my non beliefs.  And those were minor and a good lesson.
I have been thinking about how I would handle the higher power thing if I followed the 12 steps. If the program helps I guess you can just go with the flow without really believing in it. Still sounds stupid to lie about it tho. How big of a deal is that "higher power thing" in 12 steps program anyways? Do you have to be like on your knees crying for help or something? Or is it just for yourself to decide how you take it? I'm just curious...I don't want to offend anybody I respect the freedom of choosing ones beliefs and religion.
In my corner of the world there are no religious connotations to the higher power. It can be whatever you want it to be; whatever matters to you and can keep you motivated. I've gone now and then for close to a year and have no sponsor and have not done steps - much of it is part of my daily self scrutiny anyway. That said I love aa for the company of real human beings and I always get affirmation and good ideas. It helps me to see myself from the outside. Congrats on two months I will not drink with you today! 
I found myself needing to quit drinking a lot more than I found myself needing to argue about someone else's idea of a higher power. ..If you search the web for  12 steps for agnostics atheists . I believe you will find information that may help you. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
I'm an atheist and I was able to come to believe in a power greater than myself sufficient to work the steps and recover.  Have you read chapter 4 in the book Alcoholics Anonymous yet?  Also the story Tightrope in the stories half of the book was helpful to me to develop an understanding.
Higher power can no exaggeration mean anything you want it to. I'm an atheist and I worked the steps just fine and continue to work with my sponsor who is very much a believer. All I know is that when I ask for help and advice from other people on a regular basis I become capable of getting better in a way that was not possible when I was trying on my own. I guess you could say that the help I get from others is my higher power but I don't really think about it to be honest.  I guess falls into the camp of using Good Orderly Direction as your higher power. The group is more powerful than me alone which is not a very difficult concept for me to wrap my head around. ..My first three steps:.1. Same as written originally.2. Came to believe that by asking for help from others I could get better .3. Made a commitment to asking for help from others on a regular basis taking advice and decided to work the rest of the steps and see what happens. 
[AAAgnostica.org](https://AAAgnostica.org) \- click on 12 step alternatives...A collection of ways to different ways to view the 12 steps.  Several of my sober friends really found it helpful.
