-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k9ybs/tomorrows_my_first_day_i_need_advice/

Over the last year my life has gone to absolute shit and I've been drinking far too much and not looking after myself in the slightest...I've had to embarrassingly move back in with my parents today with the aim of getting my life back on track. I really want to do it this time. I really NEED to do it. For once I feel confident that I can. ..So tomorrow is the first day I will stop drinking (and smoking - which is going to be horrific).. What can I do to try and manage the cravings and not make me want to squirm in bed with negative thoughts tearing my hair out?..I appreciate any advice of how other people in the community managed their first day struggles.
----------immediate responses--------

Two things I found helpful:  binge eat on the sweats.  Yeah it's not healthy but it really helps with the cravings.  Second thing I found really helpful fish oil supplements.  Really improved my mental health (sounds silly I know).  Good luck!
For me staying busy really helped. Also having a replacement  drink  readily available at all times (like seltzer or ginger ale). Candy/munchies on hand. Some sobriety books to read. I also took a lot of long baths in early sobriety nice and relaxing. 
Ice cream and keeping occupied.
If possible see a doctor. There are meds to help with both withdrawal symptoms and cravings. If I had to do it again I'd go that route. The meds that help withdrawal can also help you get sober because they will lessen the urge to have a drink to feel better. Get support and once you feel physically well enough go to AA. Ignore what you don't like (be it God or the 12 steps or other) about it and try to meet some people who you can relate to. I hated the thought of going to AA and I resisted it for ages... 10yrs later I still go. I enjoy the people even if I don't enjoy parts of the 'program'. Consider saving the smoking side of things for after your withdrawal symptoms from alcohol have fully subsided. I'm sure others have better insights than me on quitting two addictive substances at once. 
[removed]
Well it's gonna suck just know that going in. All the crappy feelings and nausea will go away after a few days and sleep might be difficult at first but believe me the clarity and energy you'll have after that is over is well worth it. I wish you the best of luck!
I would encourage you to give up one thing at a time. Deal with the drinking first and smoking second maybe? Obviously it's your decision but I know that giving up drinking took a monstrous amount of effort and I wouldn't have had the strength to apply that focus to giving up another addiction at the same time. Best of luck to you x
&gt;tomorrow is the first day I will stop drinking..As outlined in the community guidelines we ask that you only post when you have not been drinking. For this reason we had to remove your post. But we'll be here tomorrow if you want to come back then.
