-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ki9eo/ready_to_stop_drinking_my_day_1/

Hi everybody I've been a lurker here for about a year now and finally worked up the courage to post something. ..I've struggled with alcohol for the last 4-5 years and I have tried to quit many times without success.  The longest I have gone without drinking is two weeks. I'm really hoping that if I have people to talk to then maybe I will be able to quit for good this time. ..I'm sick of checking my texts and calls every morning. I'm sick of blacking out and not remembering what I said or did. I'm sick of embarrassing myself in front of friends family coworkers and strangers. ..I just can't stop at 1 or 2 drinks.... I always tell myself that I will only have one drink and then it turns into 4 or 5 or more. I will keep drinking until I pass out. I don't know why I can't just be normal. ..I used to drink to have fun but this isn't fun anymore. I'm ready to stop drinking. ...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm here for you.  I just restarted my sobriety as well. We can do this.
Hello! I'm really glad you decided to post this. You can 100% be the person you want to be it just takes a little time then you have the rest of your life to be proud of yourself! Also you'll be amazed at what's hidden under drinking. There's a Lot of energy and it can create so much beauty. A lot of quitting drinking is moving that energy from where drinking once was to the place where you can use it to create and just be that pure kind of happy you were on a friday night as a kid.
Welcome aboard friend
That last line you wrote was more insightful than you realize: whenever I have tried to explain the point when alcohol use crosses the  bad habit  threshold and becomes a problem I've always said  when you realize that it's not even fun anymore but you still can't stop.  I think people make a mistake when they assume that one  has to hit rock bottom  in order for their drinking to be considered an actual *problem*~ the most obvious flaw in that particular logic is that there really isn't a universal *rock bottom* that's going to be the same for everyone and also: you would be surprised at how low an alcoholic can drop their *rock bottom* standards to. The best case scenario is to recognize and work on a drinking problem *before* it turns your life into a shittier Quinton Tarantino movie than an actual Quinton Tarantino movie but if everyone was capable of doing that this sub probably wouldn't exist. Good luck.   
Joining you for day one as well. There are  *dozens*  of us! 
I feel the same way my day 1 was yesterday. We're in this together! IWNDWYT
Not drinking... One less thing to worry about all day... Will I won't I ... It's exhausting.. you got this! IWNDWYT
Very much sound like my story and from what I've gathered alot of us can relate.  Sounds like you finally got sick and tired of being sick and tired!  When you're tempted just remember how shit it was.  Being bored temporarily &gt; Shit.  Instead maybe read/listen to a book go for a walk in the park clean your place do a budget learn stuff exercise journal build something play something there's so many things out there to do instead of drink.  You got this.  We all got this.  IWNDWYT.
Been there friend. This community was a lifesaver. Welcome in! You got this and we all got each other.
