-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kprr1/i_want_to_scare_you_a_bit_about_health/

Reminder the bodily effects of drinking and unhealthy lifestyle play the long game. They creep up when you're too distracted with the day to day struggles...My dad 72 drank every day for at least the last couple decades. That (along with insufficient exercise and not the best food choices) contributed to him getting Type 2 diabetes...Then a couple months ago he was diagnosed with brain cancer (the  bad  kind). Statistics show alcohol consumers have higher risk of cancer but that's not even my point. Surgery went well and he and the rest of us exuded strength and hope to fight through the chemo/radiation to follow...Not even 2 weeks into treatment a blood sugar spike caused by chemo drug completely immobilized him and landed him in ICU for the weekend. Other complications such as heart arrhythmias were found which are also common with people with high BP diabetes and alcohol abuse. So now there is risk of blood clot and stroke but he can't do blood thinners due to recent brain surgery. Can't do chemo again until strength returns. Diabetes (plus cancer and age 72) will make it an arduous effort to return to strength with inpatient rehab PT...He's a strong stubborn SOB and will keep fighting but my point is not about cancer it's that when health events hit (which can happen to ANYONE) give your body the best chance to fight and recover. Get sober get exercise get your body processes back to normal.  Do this NOW before you are surprised with a health even that you're not prepared for...I'm on day 3 sober after visiting Dad with my wife for a few days and not having anywhere to hide booze. So I got lucky in that respect. But choosing day 1 is always the hardest for me so anyway here I go again! IWNDWYT...
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. Seeing the effects of long term problem drinking up close and personal is a scary thing.   ...I never have had to deal with someone I was close to at the end of their lives from drinking. My dad just up and died when he was 42 which is only a few years older than I am currently. Though I'm sure had he survived he'd be in pretty bad shape even had he abstained for the last 25 years.   ...You're in my thoughts. 
I think it's a shame that many of us will dismiss the long term health effects of alcohol thinking that until their liver numbers climb or some other impending acute problem manifests itself they can just wait to quit until then.  Health is too important to risk alcohol abuse not to mention all the other personal tragedies that it makes possible.  Hang in there.
&gt;Get sober get exercise get your body processes back to normal. Do this NOW before you are surprised with a health even that you're not prepared for...Hi. Unfortunately this post violates our rule to speak from the "I" and has been removed. We ask that you only post from your own experience and not tell others what they should do.
That's why I've stopped: my blood pressure is too high and I don't want to end up having a heart attack and not maximizing this awesome life I've built for myself: job I love &amp; pays great wife kids dog sailboat all these things I want to enjoy for as long as I can.  
This is scary but I appreciate you sharing your story. I'm only in my late 20s but I worry about the long term health consequences if I were to continue drinking. When I was in high school i thought that alcoholism and its consequences were all just things in health books that didn't really happen to people in real life...Now that I'm getting a little older it seems like everyone I know either struggles with alcohol or has family or friends who struggle. ..I'm really sorry to hear about your dad and I hope that everything works out. I'd like to read more updates about how you and your dad are doing if you want to share keep in touch! 
Thank you for sharing. It's scary. I wish people fully understood the risks of alcohol. They just think they're fine until their liver acts up but it affects sooo much more than that. I worry about my loved ones who are big drinkers. 
Every time I think to myself  maybe just one glass of wine would be ok you know like a normal person...  I remember that it's unhealthy in any amount and at 44 the long game is catching up quick. ..I quit smoking for my health almost 10 years ago and I'm gonna do this too. 
Thanks for your story and I'm genuinely sorry for what your dad and family are going through...A year ago my dad had his string of drinking related health issues finally come home to roost. He'd been warned by everyone for years and changed nothing about his lifestyle whatsoever...He previously took the opinion of "I want to enjoy the time I've got left" paired with "if it's my time to go so be it."..Life upon hearing this chuckled and took that as a challenge...Needless to say my Dad's still (sort of) here and he's certainly not enjoying the time he has left. ..I hope your story gets a happier ending and I'm glad that you're making positive choices so you don't end up in a similar situation with your own health some day. ..I did the same with my own wake up call. 
