-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kqkjz/only_just_realised_that_nonalcoholics_dont_get_it/

So i've been sober for some time. Religion for the most part helped. It also helped that in the beginning i had friends who didnt make a big deal out of it...But after the first year or so i realised i was kinda the odd one out especially when i started working..I thought explaining why i didnt drink was normal. I thought the jokes were fine as well it was my choice. I even took it in my stride when people tricked me into eating stuff with alcohol in it..I got derided by work acquaintances and probably lost a promotion or two..And then i started to get bitter. I argued shouted and berated people. I still do. I exclude myself from any alcohol related activity. I leave early from social gatherings before the heavy drinking gets underway. And I thought shit.... I'm more anti social than when i was drunk...But I realised i have been blessed to have a wife who doesnt drink in front of me. And after finding this sub i realised hey there are others out there struggling and we understand why we need to do this so it doesn't matter what the other say. I will say i found many hobbies and people who also didnt drink and wow there are so many...To all of you struggling with peer pressure. I say press on. Its worth it. Eventually those closest to you will understand. Be patient and explain. And once they are on your side half the battle is won.
----------immediate responses--------

Sadly I was likely one of those people at times throughout my life giving people a hard time for for not drinking.  At that point in my life I thought drinking/partying was how to "live it up and celebrate life".....Only now do I see the fallacy in that thought process.  Alcohol doesn't give it takes.....
I was one of the immature insecure people who would encourage others to drink.  I'm so glad I have grown up. Wonder what behavior I am doing in the present that I will look back on and be embarrassed?  Thanks for the post. You've got me thinking.  I won't drink with you today. 
Thanks for your post today. I've been having a lot of family problems (I swear I think my family is on a crime spree) and every time something bad happens a few people pop up to tell me "You look like you could use a drink!"..Ha ha yeah way to kick me when I'm down. Not like they know I can't drink but still. ..But you know reading your post it occurred to me that I can be thankful I'm not one of those people who instead of listening to people who are going through a lot blows them off with "You should go get a drink." Maybe I don't make the most money but at least I'm not spending it on killing my liver...Life is short. I'm not going to make it shorter or make the end miserable by increasing the deterioration of my brain. If people don't get that that's OK. To each his own. I'm grateful this is my path.
&gt;I thought the jokes were fine as well it was my choice. I even took it in my stride when people tricked me into eating stuff with alcohol in it. I got derided by work acquaintances and probably lost a promotion or two...Dude what kind of people do you hang around? If someone fed me heroin and then chuckled about it they would be missing teeth.
Honestly I've totally become more anti-social after stopping 36 days ago. I don't know what to do - don't crave interaction at all...what's the point now that I'm sober?
I think you give in if needed to being protective over your sobriety. It's part of the process I think. At the end of each day I'm alive cause I stopped drinking. I've been so much healthier putting my sobriety first and everything else is falling into place easier. I know better sometimes to not entertain that cunning baffling powerful monster...and steer clear of situations that make me uncomfortable. Progress...not perfection. ..Rant: some normies are so annoying!!..IWNDWYT    
Here's the bottom line people:..You're saving your life. That doesn't entitle you to be an asshole. But gritting your teeth and toughing it out is another thing. You just can't do it all day...You will know your true friends because they want what's best for you not what's most convenient for you...IWNDWYT
