-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kyaqe/get_off_the_fence_its_worth_it/

I am really struggling with my cousin who will intermittently ask for help with staying sober since I have several years sober via AA (but truly each day is just for today). I know I can't make him get sober and I think about 51% of him wants to stop drinking on the days that he can put together. So far I have done my best to stick to the advice I've been given and to do things  by the book  but it's tough not being able to do more. ..However...internally I am blowing my stack when I talk to him and he talks about being on the fence about being sober and holding on to this idea of a life that never existed for him. Very very rarely was he a  fun drunk  and his consequences have increased dramatically in the past couple years. He keeps thinking that it would all be good if he just toned down his drinking. Buddy we are way past there being a glimmer of hope that that's possible. ..The only thing stopping me from being a hard ass is knowing that it could contribute to turning him off to being sober and that other people in the program have been infinitely patient with me over the years. The main thing keeping me putting in a bit more effort than he is is that he's family and I've seen so many people die of this disease already. All the more reason to not enable him for a second I know. ..If I could just let it all go this is what I would say: .There is so SO much more to life than drinking that you can even fathom right now but it will come if you stick with it a day at a time. So many places to travel to people to meet new things to learn and the thrill of consciously experiencing every second. You get one life and it's so easy to just let it pass you by. It takes strength and being willing to chose a different path than the one you're on but at a bare minimum it won't be littered with regret. You'll never look back and wish you pursued alcoholism to the gates of insanity. ..Yes; alcoholism is a progressive fatal disease and it's one of the hardest things out there to learn to live with but when it comes right down to it...it is a choice to pick up a drink again. It is a choice to live a self-centered existence and then complain about how you're in a bad mood and take it out on other people. It's clich  because it's true suffering is optional. ..Thanks for reading. I had to share this somewhere so I could start getting over myself and into the solution.  ..TLDR: still learning how to live sober. Need to not unload on struggling cousin. Still had to tell thoughts to someone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this I think you've hit the nail on the head. You are very insightful and to the point maybe you could share this post with your cousin.
Good one for me to read today thanks   
Good for you for venting.  You know he's got to get honest and you can't make him.  Have you given him a copy of the big book? Any chance of taking him to a meeting?
