-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9l2r7t/a_little_story_i_thought_this_sub_might_enjoy/

I DJ'd at a wedding last Saturday in Barcelona - French groom English bride and a thoroughly hammered congregation. It was brilliant fun they were really happy with what I did for them I was really happy with how it went but that's not really that important to this post...It was my 2nd wedding where I was DJing with no intention to drink which I actually really like - it stops that temptation to lose focus in search of "the party" feeling that booze brings into my head. The drunkest man at the wedding did try to pour gin into my face and was dumbstruck when I said I don't drink that was quite funny...Anyway getting to the point...The next day I went to see the wedding group at the hotel the bride and groom were staying at up on the roof of a really swish spa hotel by the pool. I saw the groom almost immediately gave him a hug asked how married life is and "how's your head?".."Fine" he replied. "I don't drink"..I was absolutely stunned! He'd been the life and soul of the party - leading formation dances doing karate katas with a tie round his head (a former national standard karate competitor no less) picking people up mucking about generally all the things that I tend to only really do if absolutely wasted. I had absolutely zero inkling that he wasn't as drunk as everyone else - he got stuck in and had all the silly fun he wanted...Got me to thinking about a couple of things - firstly the way we assume people are or aren't sober depending on circumstances. That's something I've thought about quite a bit since gong properly drink-free - when drunk I always assumed everyone else was as drunk as me. Since doing this I try to keep that in mind when dealing with drunk people - they are not great at knowing (or even caring) whether I have had a drink they just assume I have and therefore I can behave in ways I might be reticent to otherwise...But the other thing - he just got on with it. He wanted to dance so he danced. And to be clear it's not like he was some amazing slick dancer. He just got in there and had fun. ..I have really struggled with not having alcohol to lower my inhibitions. To the point where I've openly wondered if sobriety is making me a little dour at times when I would normally have been pretty outrageous and that's impacting on my life in general. It's probably the single biggest risk towards me going back to booze a feeling that I can't cut loose without it...But a lot of the hurdles that we see in front of us when leaving a life of drinking are actually not there other than in our minds. I would always wait to get drunk before hitting the dancefloor at weddings and then jump in have a blast and be gutted when the party ended. ..But what exactly is stopping anyone from acting any way other than their own choices? It's easier said than done especially later on in life but it's true. ..We can point at justifications excuses hang-ups whatever. But it's actually largely in our own heads and the sooner we break out of that the sooner it seems like no biggie...Ramble over ;-) ..TL;DR ..Groom at wedding was life &amp; soul of the party next morning I asked how his hangover was turns out he doesn't drink at all. So how much do we really *need* alcohol to cut loose or do we just condition ourselves to believe that?  
----------immediate responses--------

Love this stpry and your thoughts on it. Let's all dance like everyone else is drunk!!
We start getting wiser the longer we're sober.. it's amazing all the nuances we let slide by which we notice as we continue to stay wide aware.  I love it.  It's the best thing about sobriety I can think of!  
" a lot of the hurdles that we see in front of us... are actually not there other than in our minds"..&amp;#x200B;..empowering life lesson right there...
"We can point at justifications excuses hang-ups whatever. But it's actually largely in our own heads and the sooner we break out of that the sooner it seems like no biggie."..Something I need to realize for sure.  Thank you.
There have been many times that I've drank just to have a  reason  to let loose. It's very silly considering my personality is actually quite free-spirited. 
Thanks for this. I needed it. 
This is so true!  It's still not quite as easy for me sober but I'm definitely getting more in touch with my wild side sober.  I was just relating a story of wrestling an absolute stranger in the snow last year at Rocky Mountain National Park stone-cold sober in the middle of the day.  He was sassy I was outrageous (I'm a woman) and we had a blast entertaining both of our groups of friends.  The more I give myself permission to own my goofy streak the easier it is to access it sober.  I think it's all about creating new neurological pathways.  I loved your story!  And congrats on 147 days!
[removed]
Great story. I am going to a wedding this weekend. It will be my first sober wedding so I am hoping that I can make it through it just like the groom in your story. 
This is so awesome!
Love it!  I actually decided to believe in contact highs a long time ago (when I was pregnant with my first kid).  I thought hell why not?  I'll just get a little buzz off of everyone's energy get in the spirit of letting loose adventure and laughter etc.  It's great.  I mean I don't have nearly as much amplified high but I don't have the frustrations of being out of control either...People forget really quickly that I'm not drinking and just assume I'm on the same level.  It doesn't always work but way more often than I'd thought.
