-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9l7113/seeking_help_from_all_you_experts/

..I have been on this forum before. I need your help. I listen to podcasts and start every day with the goal of stopping. I read articles about getting healthy and stopping the drinks every evening. I have my shit together. I have a good job I am financially stable. I have no major issues in life. I get up most days and exercise and work up a good sweat even do some meditation in the morning. I work all day. Even if I am on vacation relaxing whatever.....I drink in the evening. The only reason I do is because I am convinced it helps me  relax . I continue to struggle with this. What are some tips to stop? I just can't seem to figure this out 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to learn it was the first drink that set off a chemical reaction in my brain the screamed  MORE . Not everyone that drinks too much is an alcoholic and not everyone that quits drinking is an alcoholic but not drinking is always healthier than drinking. ..I couldn't quit on my own. I had to sit in AA meetings until my head cleared and the cravings stopped. It wasn't easy but it wasn't hard either. It just took effort. If you keep doing what you are doing you will keep getting what you got. ..Good luck.  IWNDWYT 
I was an evening drinker.  When I quit I started going to meetings a couple nights a week.  Fitness center/yoga classes a few nights a week.  Worked later in the evening some nights. I had to break up my pattern and avoid my trigger time.  I planned activities that required me to be sober and accountable.  Good luck you can do this!
Everyone always recommends this book but have you read This Naked Mind? I listened to the audiobook last night and something clicked in my head. Today I had no cravings.   
Allen Carr's *Stop Drinking Without Willpower* and *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace touches on this. Believing that alcohol helps us "relax" is an illusion. When we drink we are actually trying to get back to the state we were in before we ever started. Habitual alcohol use takes us a down a few notches and makes us feel anxious during the day. Feeding the addiction at night therefore relieving the withdrawal symptoms is what we perceive as relaxation.
I was solely an evening drinker too.  It took me several weeks to actually quit once the idea to do so was planted in my mind.  I didn't wean myself but I think I got accustomed to the mental part of quitting while I was still drinking knowing it was coming soon.  That sounds weird I know but by the time I stopped stone cold my mind was already prepared to go through with it...One thing I did immediately which helped was to plan a definite activity at the time I would normally begin drinking.  Something like taking a walk riding my bike going to the gym or doing a chore I had been putting off.  Even just drinking a large glass of water at that magic moment seemed to help.  Anything to disrupt the routine and keep your mind off that first drink.
I read This Naked Mind and that helped me get it ... alcohol is a liar it doesn't help with anything. Also I drank a ton of bubble water.
listen to the podcast with Dr. Matthew Walker the science of sleep. It will help you understand how alcohol interferes with your sleep
