-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lenco/im_six_months_sober_and_i_feel_super_close_to/

     Well I'll have made it six months in five days and every single voice in my head lately (~two weeks) has been working directly against my sobriety..      I desperately desperately miss alcohol as if it were a friend and we made it years without a problem until half a year ago.  I miss the feeling of snuggling up by myself with my secret stomach warmth and the knowledge that when everyone else in my life failed me (or more accurately I failed myself and others yet again in some way) it would be there.  I feel like my boyfriend of ten months who has known me both sober and drunk understands to the best of his ability but he simply can't relate to how much and more importantly how strongly I crave booze.  I used to drink six drinks or more per night and now it feels as if I have nothing.  My face isn't swollen the way it used to be and I have the slight glow of ongoing health but the sick part of me is angry and wants to ravage a bottle of wine just to escape the way I'm feeling momentarily.  I know that this is irrational but guys I went to a wedding this past Saturday there was an open bar with expensive liquor and every single part of me wanted to take advantage of it.  I have no articulate words to describe the hunger for alcohol I have right now and I'm so deeply ashamed because it's the same part of me that would see wine glasses/how much booze was in someone's wine glass instead of their face..I keep telling myself that if I really want to I can go out and try some controlled drinking tomorrow and when all else has seemed to be faltering under me that has worked and it's kind of working. Honest to god though I feel so goddamn close to a relapse right now.  I know that if I did that I would quickly be in a state of financial ruin and I just can't afford that right now.  .I had two jobs but quit one of them when I realized that the second was so soul sucking that I should wait it out for a quieter less quarrelsome library job.  Now I'm feeling guilt over how rash that decision may have been.  Every part of me when it screams out for booze is also screaming with guilt and self-absorption.  I've been focusing so intensely on all of the negatives as if my mind has been squirreling away a store of these issues I could use to justify a relapse.  .     If this helps part of the self-justification running through my head right now involves wine.  I was a red wine and rose drinker as well as a vodka aficionado.  Also I think that one specific thing bothering me is that this entity or overall feeling of complete serenity and calm something many refer to as the Pink Cloud is completely absent right now.  It brings to mind the days when I tried to induce mania or insanity just so I could feel a jagged emotion instead of a numb verisimilitude of a self. .Inside of the numb verisimilitude of a self drowning in alcohol the upswing could be tantalizing even enchanting.  For example if I didn't drink for a couple weeks everything would feel glossed over with a distinct sheen of contrast related to not feeling hungover..     TLDR:  I want to drink right now these incredibly intense out-of-the-blue cravings I've been having are I think sort of related to the absence of the enormous pink cloud I felt engulfing me in those first few wonderful months of abstinence and also related to having gone to a wedding help.  :(
----------immediate responses--------

For me sometimes it's thirst that is feeding my cravings and after I drink liquids non-alcoholic of course the cravings can go away. 
I think we all know that feeling.  Right now I'm still reveling in the weight loss clear head non-puffy face and glow of health in my skin.  I miss the taste of a top shelf margarita like you can imagine.  But I know where one would lead and I would HATE myself tomorrow. NOT WORTH IT.  
Can you analyze why exactly you want to drink now? Are you bored? Anxious? Afraid? Hurt? Enthusiastic? Lonely? Do you know your triggers ?
[removed]
I have those moments too. Where I suddenly feel (after weeks of no cravings and feeling grateful that I don't drink) like hey I don't even need a reason - I just want to and I'm going to drink now. In those moments all I can do is distract myself and if it gets really bad call my therapist. I wish you luck. I think we're going to have these moments. Another thought that helps me is I don't want to start over again. It's easier now than it was either drinking or in the early days of sobriety so I choose this uncomfortable though it might sometimes be.
I hope you're hanging in there. If you can keep on putting it off until tomorrow the craving should pass. Just focus on today! I will not drink with you. Take care!
Do you have a support system? Have you ever been to a meeting? Doing this alone is extremely difficult. I had to change my mindset towards alcohol. Instead of feeling deprived I had to realize I was *giving* myself a better life. I realized I didn't *have* to drink poison in order to enjoy my limited time here on Earth. White-knuckling sobriety with the constant thought of missing out on something is torture. When The Voice tries to romanticize the "good times" of drinking all I have to do is remind myself of the misery it caused me. Drinking just wasn't worth it in the end.    .I was a hostage and alcohol was my captor...and now I am free.
It is so very hard.  I love dry white and know the feeling well.   It's like losing a friend who makes things look and feel better.  But it is a slippery slope.  For me I'm petrified to sink lower in it..It is probably the only one thing keeping me from .continuing down the path of poisonous inevitable .and total destruction.
I can relate. I catch myself staring at alcohol the way men ogle women. 
