-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ljeog/alcohol_is_holding_me_back_in_every_aspect_of_my/

I'm 40 and have been an alcoholic for 10 years.  I have actively tried to quit for nearly 5 years indeed I discovered this subreddit nearly 5 years ago.   I won't give you my life's story.  I've made some progress I'm not as bad as I was then.   I used to drink to blacking out every night and for a short span starting day drinking.  I'm not there but I still drink every weekend at least every Friday and Saturday and sometimes Sunday.  And while it is considerably less then I used to it would still be considered binge drinking by any normal adult.  And this continued pattern is just ruining every part of my life.  I'm in a good place to really turn my life around really start anew and fresh and with much fewer scares then I deserve from my life of drinking.  I have two awesome daughters in high school.  I have a great job I should have torpedoed my career but somehow survived.  I have the freedom to remake myself and do with myself whatever I want.  But I don't I'm held back every weekend and sometimes worse by that poison.  Every part of me is being held back...&amp;#x200B;..1) I will never stop being depressed if I don't stop drinking...2) I will never lose weight if I don't stop drinking which is one of the main causes of my depression...3) I will eventually screw up my career if I don't stop drinking.  Or at a minimum I will never advance any farther...4) I waste so much money drinking for the booze itself and all the bad choices I make surrounding it...5) OMG my sleep hygiene is terrible.  I screw up my sleep schedule every single weekend by drinking.  At the start of every week my body has forgotten how to go to sleep without the alcohol depressant.  I literally have nights of complete insomnia where I don't sleep at all.  I don't usually get a good nights sleep until Thursday sometimes if I'm lucky Wednesday.  And then just as I learn to sleep again I throw it all away.  For this reason alone I should quit drinking.  Staying up all night and the proceeding day of painful exhaustion is torture.  ..6) I will always be single and lonely if I keep drinking.  I haven't even tried to find a partner in years now and that won't change if I spend every weekend evening drinking by myself in front of a computer...7) And worst of all I waste hours every single day thinking about beating myself over feeling guilty over making rules about making slogans about killing myself over and over about my struggle with alcohol.  IT'S EXHAUSTING!  I want to be free and just thinking about something else anything else!  Every Monday I quit.  Every one.  And yet I can count on both hands the number of weekends in the last 5 YEARS that I didn't have a drink...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..All of this and it just doesn't seem to matter.  Every Friday.  Every single one while I'm driving home the craving and desire to drink just runs roughshod over my entire week of planning and fortitude I thought I had.  I hardly give a fight.  Indeed sometimes I don't try.  Because if I  do try then I just think about it in misery for hours until I eventually give in.  Might as well just give in and enjoy my Friday evening before my inevitable miserable hung over Saturday morning where I waste a day waiting until it is late enough to justify drinking again.  ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..Actually about two weeks ago I did actually hold out and not drink Friday evening.  As I was going to bed it felt amazing if I can actually make it to going to bed I always am much happier at least in that moment.  And of course waking up Saturday morning was an amazing joy.  Felt great.  Exercised.  Got some coding down I had been putting off for months.  All day I was thrilled and thinking to myself I just need to not drink one more night and I can start the next week feeling just like this.   And then I just drank anyway.  Why?  Because I'm a hopeless alcoholic.  ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..I know you've read this story a thousand times.  I don't know why I'm even writing it.  I don't know what to do.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good! 
Hey you're not alone! Many of us felt that hopeless trap.....Reading *This Naked Mind* was essential for me. It showed me how I ended up in the cycle understand the things that kept me in it and how to get out. There's a reason why it's highly recommended here!..Others swear by AA. Or having a candid discussion with your Dr.
I've read a lot of posts here that resonated with me but after reading this I seriously think that we must be twins separated at birth:..&gt; * I'm 40 and have been an alcoholic for 10 years  .&gt; * I have actively tried to quit for nearly 5 years indeed I discovered this subreddit nearly 5 years ago.  .&gt; * I have two awesome daughters in high school.  .&gt; * I have a great job  .&gt; * I will never stop being depressed if I don't stop drinking.  .&gt; * OMG my sleep hygiene is terrible.  .&gt; * I waste hours every single day thinking about beating myself over feeling guilty over making rules about making slogans about killing myself over and over about my struggle with alcohol...All of the above are dead nuts a description of me. The main difference is that I am still married because the woman I am with has a heart of gold. But other than that you and I are lock-step in the same exact position. Go back a month or so and I finally decided that I needed to do something other than the weekend warrior nonsense...I started posting here every day to start. I committed to not drinking one day at a time and that's it. I can't handle any more than that. I left the beer in the fridge and went out and bought a few cases of flavored seltzers. I drink several a day. I eat whatever I want (for now) and no I'm not losing weight but I'm not gaining any either which is a change from where I was a couple months ago (being over 40 SUCKS when it comes to weight gain)...The trick is to get through those early weekends 1 by 1. I did it and you can too. Come here often maybe try an AA meeting for those weekend cravings rent some films to watch get some pizza and a good book for the night ANYTHING you want you can do except drink...You can do this...I will not drink with you today!!
I'm right there with you. Throwing it all away day by day for whatever fucked reason. I drink when I want where I want. I stayed sober today. I'm gonna do it this time. I ordered The Naked Mind to try something different this time around...Oh yes the money and then the drugs used while I'm intoxicated is devastating to my finances. My neighbor is a huge trigger and certain friends. I've been cutting them out it sucks and they miss me but if I'm gonna do this then they're out. I can't refuse when I get around it. Anyways yeah just keep trying. I know you can do it even if you don't. This weekend is a great start.
 *Because I'm a hopeless alcoholic.* ..I don..&amp;#x200B;
 *Because I'm a hopeless alcoholic.* ..&amp;#x200B;..I don't think so... you just need to find the path (like us all). I'm looking for healthy dopamine substitutes. HALT and my experience seems to point in that negative direction...&amp;#x200B;..Keep trying... 
Hi there I'm 43 and stopped drinking 200 days ago aren't I great!!  People don't know that it took me literally years to stop I to had a lot going for me but I couldn't stop drinking until one day I just had enough. The secret for me was to understand why I drank and how it affected me mentally and physically. I'm not taking about hangovers here but more how alcohol affects our brain. Our brains are trained to make life as easy as possible for us and form habits as a way of making life easy alcohol is like that . It took me years to discover that stress was causing my weekend drinking I know I should have know but believe me I didn't. Once I learned why things were happening to my body and mind due to alcohol life got so much easier. I listened to the Rachel hart podcast called taking a break from alcohol and this naked mind they utterly changed my thinking around alcohol and enabled me to stop and I thought I could never stop. Drink controlled my life but I took control back. Self pity and shame keep us addicted as drinking helps numb these feelings and it's like a merrygoround the drinking cycle continues. I am not a hippy angel type person I don't do Aa but a change in my thinking was the only thing that worked for me. I used to drink before work ffs!! Iwndwyt I'm here if you need anything 
I relate to your post on many levels and that list could apply to me.... Hanging on here just starting day 6 ....One day at a time is keeping me going. I wish you luck. I also found Naked -Mind great to make my perspective change .IWNDWYT
I am chubby because I love beer...I know keto amd I know keto works. Went from 210 to 147 lbs in 6 months on keto last time...Been not drinking for just a short while and I already visibly see my muscles coming in on my torso...Alcohol makes me fat. No way around it 
Reading Alcoholics Anonymous and attending regular meetings has changed my world.  I used to drink a liter of liquor a day. I couldn't get out of bed or stop shaking unless I had at least a half pint in me. I am now two weeks sober and haven't had a single craving since my withdrawals stopped. There is another way of life! 
Aa
"One day at a time" is a popular cliche because it absolutely 100% works. Get through today. ..For me going to my doctor and getting a prescription really really helped me get through those early days. There are medications that can help these days and make it less of a mental battle. There's no shame in getting help to get past what is after all a devastating and soul crushing addiction. ..I love booze more than anyone you'll ever meet and I seem to have stopped. If I can do it anyone can do it. Get through today friend. I will not drink with you.
Alcohol brings neither relief nor enjoyment.  Try repeating this to yourself everytime you get a craving.  This really worked for me.  Stop trying to fight drinking and try to see your drinking for what it is something that actively causes you anxiety.
Welcome friend &amp; thanks for the post. It reminded me of the lists we made while in rehab. We did the downside list (like yours). We also did an upside list then compared the two. It was an easy decision to make what I wanted out of life. Then taking things one day at a time and learning to forgive myself (took a while) has helped me stay sober. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
The thoughts and feelings you describe are what I've felt (and most assuredly anyone whose struggled with drinking since the dawn of time has) *countless* times *DAILY.* I identify and struggle with every single one of your points. All of the reasons are logical. The pros clearly out weight the cons. The problem is that while I was drinking I wasn't thinking logically. I could objectively outline it the way you did sure; but when it came down to brass tax I couldn't pull the trigger. Alcohol seems to be this magical elixir that causes tremendous misery and pain yet it somehow has this uncanny ability to fool our thought process into believing that it's still the remedy to the very problems it caused. Part of it is indeed logical in that it temporarily cures some of the pains it causes hence *The hair of the dog.* The good news is that once you've taken a breather from it - even a slight one - your thought process clears and you can see and act more rationally. Hence the notion of *A moment of clarity.* The very fact that there are numerous cliched lines to express these sentiments shows you aren't alone in having this perception and very real struggle. Far from it. It's demonstrably real in anyone whose turned to booze in excess. ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;And worst of all I waste hours every single day thinking about beating myself over feeling guilty over making rules about making slogans about killing myself over and over about my struggle with alcohol. IT'S EXHAUSTING! I want to be free and just thinking about something else anything else!..I can't tell you how much this resonates with me. I spent countless hours with the very same thoughts. It's all consuming and incredibly exhausting. My thoughts were so repetitious all negative for hours on end daily. They were so common in my head that now I've stopped drinking I still catch myself thinking - *You just need to quit drinking man...You just need to work out and lose this fat*  several times a day. I immediately realize I'm NOT drinking and no longer have to waste any more time thinking about it. Simply not drinking and exercising is so much less exhausting to me than being consumed with the mental gymnastics of those thoughts. I'm no longer transfixed on alcohol (or quitting it) or thoughts of losing weight because once I've worked out in the morning it's already behind me. It's done. It's over. I've done my daily bit (including dieting). ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I will never lose weight if I don't stop drinking which is one of the main causes of my depression...&amp;#x200B;..This was a major one for me as well. I've been in shape pretty much all of my life but had gained \~35 pounds from heavy drinking and a sedentary hermit life style the drinking produced. I would sit around being angry and depressed that I let myself go so much which only made me want to drink again to take the edge off. Then I'd sit there knowing I'm only making matters worse and then the vicious cycle continued. Terrible. The good news  is once you stop drinking the weight tends to come off fairly easily. I started a Keto diet and weight lifting with some cardio when I stopped. Thirty seven days dry later and I've lost 20 pounds and went down two notches on my belt. I still have another 15 pounds to go but the ridiculous bloat in my face and belly have dissipated. I feel so much better and can recognize myself in the mirror again. The sleeping is incredible to. I wake up at 6 am every day without an alarm to sheets neatly tucked around me. I used to wake up to sheets half off of my bed; apparently I tossed and turned a ton while sleeping drunk. Must not have been very good sleep. Virtually all of the problems you describe will get much much better once you stop. Life's still tough and alcohol isn't the cause of all of life's problems but it will definitely be easier to cope with. ..&amp;#x200B;..Don't beat yourself up. Your not alone and this isn't the insurmountable task we all make it out to be when were in the midst of our problems. Every time you think your hopeless remind yourself that you spent 30 of your 40 years on this planet without excessive drinking. You're clearly capable of it. ..&amp;#x200B;
your story is pretty much my story. it's clear your rational mind knows what to do. i guess all i can say is listen to it and just for today. try and make a plan. for me i have to get out of my apartment. been going to gym and park...&amp;#x200B;..i am a little over a week with no alcohol coming off a pretty heavy 2 year binge. this week i have still been a bit lonely a bit bored and a lot tired but i tell you i feel pretty damn good today and i had a surprisingly productive week. saved some money. all the things you already know would happen. i hope you give it a try.
I could have written your post verbatim TheMonsterDragon.  My [TWO-YEAR-POST](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wincn/my_last_drink_was_august_28_2015_two_years_today/) summarizes a lot of what you wrote. ..My single most important tool was [The Daily Check-In](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ljav7/the_daily_checkin_for_friday_october_5th_just_for/).  I don't think I missed a single day for the first nine/ten months.  Something very powerful happened in my brain **each and every morning** when I'd type these five little words "I will not drink TODAY."  When the lizard came knocking later in the day I remembered the commitment I made to myself and fought through the craving by staying very busy by cleaning drawers and closets eating (a lot!) or going to meetings taking a walk going to the library etc..  I'd wake up the next morning feeling so very grateful...Stopping was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life but I also wanted it more than anything else.  I can honestly say that I haven't seriously though about drinking in at least two years but getting to that point took a lot of work.  Keep coming back!!  I know you can do this.
Don't drink.
I resisted and resented meetings for a long time. I had attended many and  they fell on deaf ears . I finally went again and some huge block was removed from my ears. I was able to really hear people's journeys and their growth  It applied to all of us who abused and whose lives were dominated by this obsession. I am not religious and a higher power was tough for me. Humility was necessary and being right about everything had to be removed. There are many different belief systems in AA. The one thing in common is the fellowship around supporting others not to drink today. Social life was my biggest trigger and I need different forms of support to sustain me in my resolve.
Have you ever tried Melatonin to help you get to sleep?
Writing this out is such a good initial step.  It can be a reminder to yourself and your own commitment.  The dozen reasons you want to quit are clear but that doesn't make it easy to hold them in your mind when your brain is nudging you to drink...For what it's worth it took me almost 5 years to quit drinking once I actually started trying.  Each time you take another step and you get a little farther a little closer...Don't give up if you want this you can have it.
Aa is like school. Listen and learn and u can try to make sober friends there. Don't go in with looking for a cure.  Go in to just learn about the disease.  It took me 3 tries before it stuck. Now I'm almost a year clean.  U take the education from it that works and leave the rest. Google doctors opinion aa to learn more about how alcohol scientifically effects an alcoholics body different from normal bodies. Hope that helps
well done for not drinking through the week...I am on sober october - I have a similar story to yours..trying my best to stop..had two beers tonight - secretly!..that is a lot less than I have had in the past few years..but very sneaky!..goodluck..you can do it!
