-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lnj8y/8_months_in_and_suddenly_a_wobble/

Over 8 months since my last drink massive improvement in my life lost 11 pounds in weight getting fitter happier..... delighted and proud of the change I've made ...... and suddenly today I am hugely craving a drink.  Struggling to get it out of my head.  Not had anything like this in about 6 months and it's blindsided me a bit..... anyone else been through anything similar?
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya. I'm only on Day three . Congratulations on eight months. Let's stay sober together today:-)
Absolutely. It seems like there is always a threat or temptation lurking so with that said...what has helped me is simply recalling the last bad episode that involved drinking. Do I really want to have that happen again? ..Really visualize it.
This is what you've been training for my man. 8 months of training to be able to fight off these urges. ..The urge will pass I promise and you'll be so relieved you didn't have a drink when it does pass. Way better than the regret you'd feel if you did. ..You've come a long way and I'm super proud of you. ..Let's not drink together tonight Yeah? 
Yup. totally. And it was around the 7 month mark for me. Pretty clear sailing and then a week of really having to fight the urges. All settled down again now though. It was really disconcerting for me and I honestly considered giving in but I held fast and I am really glad I did! Hang in there IWNDWYT! 
My last serious craving happened during a particularly shitty day in month 8 and since then nothing! Hope you'll find the same......Hang in there and keep going!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Yes I've been going through something similar. My first six months or so were surprisingly easy but recently it's been a lot harder for whatever reason. I keep hearing that little voice in my head saying "You could take a drink right now. You could order a beer. No one needs to know." I haven't had a drink I've been able to deflect it by thinking of how much I do not want to be hungover or reset to the beginning but that voice is still there. IWNDWYT. 
I'm right there with you.  On the verge of six months the middle four-or-so were not too bad at all and now I'm craving it all the time.  I really want to get out of my head.
I'm having a similar feeling/experience. A little thing upset me to tears and I just don't want to feel this right now. I know I can't (and won't) drink but it doesn't help this feeling. I'm almost a year sober why do we have these extreme ups and downs?
