-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lo4ln/one_week_in_the_life_on_highs_lows_and_avoiding/

To start off this post: I'm happy to say I'm really good at the moment.  No temptation to drink.  I'm slightly depressed but I feel level and calm in a way that I don't often feel.  The last few days have been some of my best for a long time actually.  I know this won't last but I'm trying to invest this strength and optimism in self-care and preparation that will help me when I'm in trouble again.  Because I know I'm going to have another day like last Friday morning - where I'm very depressed or otherwise not in control of my moods or behavior - it's just a matter of time...A week ago I was sitting in my car outside of an AA meeting scared to go inside.  I had taken steps to protect myself but I still half-planned to drink once I was done driving for the day.  I knew that if I went inside that community center it would get harder for me to drink with a clear conscience and - like I said - I wanted to drink...My badge isn't wrong though.  I didn't drink last weekend.  Thanks to y'all to friends to my husband and to the nice folks at that meeting that I eventually went to.  I don't really give myself much credit for this but I guess it *was* my decision in the end.  At the end of the day I was completely alone and sober.  So go me!  I made it!  But it's not over...Sometime soon - days a week or a month from now I'm going to find myself in a bad place again.   Either I'll be depressed and can't think of a reason not to drink or I'll be tipping over the edge of a euphoric creative rush into the crippling anxiety that always follows.  If I'm going to relapse that's when I'll relapse...So in conclusion while I'm in a good place these are the things I'm going to do - or commit to do - in anticipation of those times.  This is my plan:..1) I will post here at least eight hours before I plan to drink...2) I will make an effort to attend semi-regular AA meetings...3) I will keep a daily mood journal to better anticipate triggers early warnings and overall trends...4) I will continue with therapy even when I feel so great that I "know" I don't need it anymore...5) I will do everything I can to eat well sleep well exercise regularly.  I'll be proactive about following the best medical advice available and work with my doctor on navigating a medicated solution (if that becomes necessary)...So that's my plan for the unknown variables of tomorrow.  For now well - IWNDWYT.  Thanks for listening!  I hope everybody has a good weekend.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a solid plan!  .IWNDWYT 
Good discipline last Friday and fantastic structure to your cravings response. 
Rough days happen and it's good you have a plan! IWNDWYT
