-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m4vnz/im_really_struggling/

My girlfriend relapsed. We mutually decided to separate last week. Since then I've been struggling to keep my head straight. All I've wanted is a drink. I had one last night. That one turned into a bunch and now I'm laying in bed this morning hungover trying to recollect everything I did last night. Fortunately I had a friend with me who says I didnt do anything too terribly stupid or embarrassing. I still feel shameful and guilty though. ..It wasn't worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking is never worth it to me.  My brain would say drinking would be good but the reality is it's always bad.  Coming to this support group every day really helped me.  One day at a time it got easier. I found peace and freedom.  You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
The simple fact that you came here and posted this speak volumes about how much you want to stop drinking. You can do it honestly. It might feel like its a world away now but all you need to do is say no 2 or 3 times and you'll have a handle on it. I believe it you :)
[removed]
Hey man I did the same thing 3 weeks ago. The best advice I got was to get right back on the horse. I did and I'm feeling actually really good right now. Which is amazing considering how horrific I felt after the binge. Core shaking anxiety terrible sleep crippling hangover still craving more alcohol etc. ..The relapse was more solid evidence as to why I wanted to stop because it was awful! No way to live. This time I started substituting other activities instead of drinking. Tennis gym mountain bike even started meditating. Try the app Simple Mind it's only 5 mins and is actually excellent. I'm sure you know all of this but never hurts to have someone remind you of how effective these type of things can be in a short amount of time. Someone reminded me btw. ..Get back on track bro. The first few days are the hardest. Then you'll feel better and remember how great it is to not be hungover and start doing the things in life you used to enjoy. You absolutely can do it. No shame in getting to the doctor and getting some Naltrexone either. Good luck be positive be humble and don't forget to be kind to yourself as well....
The last time I decided to make it official was sometime around a month ago. I had been seeing an amazing girl who was also sober. We worked great together but we mutually decided that our own sobrieties were our own and the minute they were compromised we'd have a discussion. She relapsed and we mutually decided to separate for a while...A few days later I was hit with a few other big life changes. I took the train to spend the day with some friends and drank too much then took an Uber across town to see my parents. I didn't do anything stupid except maybe talk a bit too much and I had the good sense to tell my dad I'd had too much to drink to take his new car for a drive. ..That night before hopping on the train to go home we went to kill some time at a bar since the train was running late and they were my ride. I had a bit more to drink and by the time I was on the train I was feeling pretty good. I still remember saying goodbye to them but then I had a few more drinks on the train fell asleep and woke up at the stop before mine (there's about an hour between the two) and had a few more to drink. At some point I texted a friend to come and pick me up from the station and drive me home but I didn't remember it so I was confused as hell when she was there...The next day the guilt and embarrassment was damn near crippling and so was the hangover. My body felt like it was dealing with more than a hangover. ..That was the last time I "officially" quit drinking. So far so good.
