-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m5mlv/fuck_i_relapsed_how_can_i_continue/

I was sober for nearly half a year. And then I got drunk. And then I quit for 2 weeks but got drunk again. This has been the repeated process over the last few months....Now three weeks ago I made a really good attempt to quit I was feeling comfortable with it. Everything was going well until I had the opening of an exhibition yesterday. I stayed sober the whole evening and just as I was closing down some old friends popped in and we got so drunk it was horrible....I never want to drink again but it just feels so hopeless.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not hopeless. I don't know an addict who got clean and stayed clean without slipping at least once...Have you thought about what caused the relapse? Sounds like it was this friend group. I think it's important to put yourself in situations where you don't need to test yourself. Willpower only lasts so long. I found completely overhauling my life friends and hobbies helped me
[removed]
Me too. Fall down 7 times stand up 8. Never give up trying to quit. Not drinking today.
Are you following a guide program regimen etc.?   ..For me structure helped immensely.  I needed someone to basically say to me "So you want to stop drinking?   All right then.  Do this: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_"..SMART Recovery gave me precisely that.  It made things very doable for me.  Spending the $10 or whatever for the workbook on Amazon was one of the most valuable purchases I ever made.  The whole program can be done on your own if meetings arent your thing or you can attend on-line ones.  ..Many people do relapse.  I was one of them because I kept conning myself into thinking moderation was an option.  Relapses aren't "required" though.  One thing that is required:  commitment.  SMART actually devotes 1/4 of the program to maintaining and developing commitment.   After all changing behavior takes time.  ..When I finally recognized that I had to commit to change and said "enough is enough" things actually got a helluva lot easier.   Im almost one year off the merry-go-round and I couldnt be happier.   
I quit last year for 10 months. Then I relapsed this past June.  Have my new 30 day badge tomorrow.  We all fall down and we all have the ability to pick our selves up. Think about why you drank more importantly think about how you felt the next day.  It took me a couple of months of " lite drinking" which escalated into an every night binge that made me out the brakes on and re examin why I was doing this. In my case it is because my marriage has failed. We still live together ( finances keep either one of us from moving ) and have a pattern of being cordial. He has chose drugs to cope I went back to alchohol. One especially bad morning I was hung over and found him passed.out in the back yard.  That was my wake up call. As I prepare to celebrate 30 days of sobriety I am feeling confident positive and optimistic about my future. I still love my husband and him seeing me quit drinking has helped him with his drug use. He still uses  and it's not a pretty site. However he has cut down.  You are worth it! Falling down does not mean failing. IWNDWYT 
We fall down we get back up.    We continue because we do.  One day at a time.  We are here for you.  Many of us have been where you are you are not alone.  .IWNDWYT 
Its impressive that you went half a year without drinking man The most Ive gone is 3 weeks. But this year Im doing sober october so far so good. But like others have said just because you fell does not mean you cant get yourself back up.
Albert there is always hope. Always. You will find your way if you never give up.
You know you can do it because you have done it.   I hope you start feeling more hopeful soon.  
Just to add to what everyone else here is saying you went a half year + 2 weeks + 3 weeks not drinking. That is AWESOME. I'm only on day 74. That means for 200+ days over the past year you went a full day without drinking. ..I personally go insane when I think of any time frame beyond like 12 hours whether in the future or in the past. Screw yesterday all I can do is think of what I want to do today and today I don't want to drink. I hope you don't want to drink today either. 
Continue by not drinking today. Don't drink tomorrow and so forth.. be proud of the amount of days sober you went until this happened.
You are doing well so keep going. I realized in my own journey all of the millions of triggers that tempt me....well perhaps not millions but alot   Anyway I've also fell off the horse in similar situations. I was thankful that it did not take away my Desire to stop drinking! We strive for progress whether it be spiritual not for perfection. Sure I fell down but got right back up and kept humble about it. I sure don't want to turn the other direction into a life of misery and despair...You got this! IWNDWYT...
One recovered alcoholic once told me to properly recover we **MUST** change:.. 1.) People..2.) Places..3.)Things
So you want to stop which is huge. You probably spent many years drinking and not wanting to quit. Just to get to the point where you do is a massive step...Relapse happens sometimes I relapsed after a year sober and spend nine months drinking. Here I am back again...But the idea of not drinking forever is hard that's why sometimes we just do one day at a time. 
You got this! Try identifying the triggers and why you drank. One day at a time you can do it!
Keep trying. It's better than the alternative.  IWNDWYT
Thank you all &lt;3
