-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ma9cx/just_got_back_from_my_first_mens_retreat/

Today I got back from my first sober men's retreat up in the mountains and I've gotta say it has really impacted my sobriety entirely. I learned to reconnect with my higher power even though I'm not very religious and just doing that has made me feel so much better spiritually. Went to some workshops on sex finances and spirituality in sobriety and a few workshops on the first 5 steps of AA. Really made a long lasting impact on me. One of the exercises we did was sharing some past trauma with a small group of other men and just venting while listening to them share their stories as well and leaving that trauma on the mountain as opposed to bottling it up inside and letting it fester into character defects...One of my favorite parts of the trip was the fourth step workshop. Last time I attempted to get sober I got to this step and didn't work with much effort and ultimately went out and relapsed after almost 5 months clean and sober. I'm still on step one as this time I got a new sponsor who has been having me do tons of thorough work as opposed to just blowing through the first 3 but I'm ready and prepared for the fourth step almost excited even. I want to face my fears and make amends to those I've wronged ultimately to become a better man for myself...I met a lot of great men on this retreat young and old with as little as 20 days of sobriety to 50 years. Today is my 37th day clean and sober but I can't wait to work these steps and become comfortable with myself and use what I learn in my everyday life...I can't handle drugs and alcohol without the support of other sober men I am powerless over alcohol and become someone I despise. If you can drink normally more power to you but that's not me. If you ever get the chance to go on a sober men's retreat (or woman's retreat if you're a woman of course.) Get serious about your sobriety and participate. Be of service on your retreats and you'll feel amazing. ..Oh and I saw some dope deer and took some neat pics of the mountains. Ate some great tri-tip and cinnamon rolls and shit and had a fucking blast. That's it. Thanks for getting this far in my post.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds great...How much does one of these things cost generally?
Was it through AA? Or can non AA people go?
That sounds pretty awesome thanks for sharing your experience! IWNDWYT 
What a great experience!..Who sponsors it/ arranges it?..I'd be interested!
I love that. It sounds so wonderful. And having better men in the world benefits everyone. 
