-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9maw4t/sunday_nights/

Almost every Sunday my husband goes to his best friend's house. I'm left for hours alone. It was always my prime drinking time. My husband does not drink. He hates it when i drink so i use to hide it. ..When your drunk you think no one can tell... They can tell. ..So temptation set in. I pondered. I struggled. I drove to the grocery store. I didn't sit in my car. I got out walked in and went straight to the pizza and ice cream isle. ..I ate and skyped chat with my best friend in Japan and now I'm going to watch tv before bed. ..Alcohol can kiss my ass. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a good night. A little alone time can be a double edged sword. For me it was sometimes a time to drink. These days it is a time to do whatever I want which is usually running reading or lounging. Have a good night. 
Well done! Likewise I stuff my face when I have cravings. IWNDWYT!
Nice work - I spent $11 on chocolate and biscuits on Friday night. It's all gone now. But at least I did not drink! 
Nice work!
Great job! Sunday nights are hard for me too. I'm making dinner and sipping kombucha. 
!!  Awesome Job SJaneZippy!  Be proud of yourself and sleep well tonight!
I'm 10 days sober. After getting 5mos recently I was left  alone  for a weekend and I didn't have the willpower to keep my priorities or friends in the program aware of my anxiety. The instinct to drink won. Tonight I won...Made a meeting after work. Talked to another alcoholic in recovery. Went for a run. And am now to bed for another day tomorrow. Sober and able to show up. ..Thank you for sharing. 
Oooo Sundays used to always get me too. For whatever reason I always get sooo depressed on Sundays hangover or not. Good for you for not going for it!! 
Awesome! Good that you had the good sense and discipline to go for the pizza. Bravo! 
And that's a win!  Well done.
I'm drunk.  My fiance called me out but I liked.  Fuck.  
Well done and congratulations on one week sobriety. IWNDWYT:)
Too bad we don't crave apples and hummus or something healthy.  I totally get it.  Cook Out milkshakes are my weakness when I need to distract my mind. 
Sunday nights were dangerous for me too. I was dreading going back to an awful job and would drink to keep the weekend going somehow. Of course time was still moving and I'd wake up to awful Mondays. ..&amp;#x200B;..Good for you for doing something else last night! IWNDWYT!
Thanks everyone!
Sundays are the hardest for me. Harder than Friday and Saturday night combined. Good work  
Sober 7 days and Sunday "funday" has been the hardest temptation by a long shot.  I took myself to the market and prepped meals for the whole week did a zillion dishes and worked on a cross stitch to keep my hands busy.  It was a white knuckle day but I did it! .IWNDWYT.
