-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mfmcu/i_need_you_guys_getting_close_to_a_year_but_i_am/

I have been having drinking dreams again. Like a lot of them...In so many of my drinking dreams I  start drinking without realizing what I am doing and then the expected happens from there. I realize I threw away my long stint at sobriety I lie about breaking it and I keep drinking in secret...I am 17 days away from 1 year. Which feels like it should be a great accomplishment but alcohol still has such a hold over me. I feel like I should be in a better place I feel like I should be stronger and I don't know why the thought of diving into a case of beer head first sounds so appealing...I am really right back to taking it one day at a time- which I guess is the best I can do. ..I realize that I have a problem with self sabotage and self destruction. I talk myself out of what is best for me all of the time tell myself I can't do it and why should I bother etc. ..Sobriety has really given me lots to be proud of and thankful for. I am not really skirting by on life anymore I don't know if I would say I am thriving but I am at least putting up more of a fight. However the better I do the more I feel like I have to take on and the more overwhelming it gets. Being a drunk really lowers the bar on expectations. ..I had a pretty good weekend I took it easy but still got some good stuff done. I got back into some hobbies (like model building- which I call my winter time hobby) but I ate a lot of my stress. I am eating pizza and ice cream like its the first month of sobriety again. ..I had been doing really well on a fitness program and had lost some weight and gained muscle but now I feel like I am self-destructing that too. I mean I guess my fitness can wait. If I have to eat pizza and ice cream to stay sober- then thats what I will do. ..I dont really know what I am looking for. Just some words of support and encouragement. Anyone thats been close to a year and relapsed that can share horror stories or anyone thats been close to a year and struggled like I am and can offer me some commiseration would be appreciated...I need you guys you are my tribe you've gotten me this far- and I need you so I can keep going...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Just keep swimming.  Just keep swimming swimming swimming.  What we do we swim swim swim!  ..I hear you about self sabotage.  Take my internet hand and hold tight and we can get this together.   .I will not drink with you today  really.  
Year horror stories? Hee's one. Guy I know sponsored a guy who was coming up on a year. He went back out and on his first night drove home drunk and killed two people. He's doing 25 years...I hear this shit progresses even if you haven't fed it. The beast you'd unleash at one year is one year bigger than the last time you met it..
&gt; Being a drunk really lowers the bar on expectations...Nicely said...&gt; I feel like I should be in a better place I feel like I should be stronger..Hm doing what would make you feel stronger and better?
You can do this !  look how far you have come !  ...Do you have a good support system ? What about family or friends or AA ?    ...Eat all the pizza you need  :)
I felt pretty weird when I got close to my one year. I heard a lot of other people who had shakey feelings around their anniversaries. You're definitely not alone. I stayed vigilant and continued to work my program. One day at a time and all that stuff    IWNDWYT 
Alcohol will not provide the relief you seek.  Stay true to your convictions.  Best wishes to you.  I will not drink with you today.
I feel you friend. The closer I keep getting to hitting a year the harder it seems to get right now. I'm the same way with self destruction. But I just keep telling myself to keep going. You are SO close and you got this! 
Milestones seem to be triggering for whatever reason. I'm not as far along as you but definitely had similar feelings at my 3 month and 6 month mark. Something I started telling myself was ok today I'm going to stay sober. If I still feel this way tomorrow I'll re-evaluate. Just put off drinking for one more day. Doing that helped me make it through those milestones and periods of wanting to throw it all away. We are here for you and you've got this! IWNDWYT.
Closing in on a year soon myself. Definitely feel the urges. So know you aren't alone. Also know its not worth it. We can do this  
I'm thankful that someone else struggles with self sabotage. It's such a weird thing that it makes me feel broken.  But I don't think you're right in saying it keeps the bar low. And maybe in our twisted thinking that feels safe? Ugh. Idk but I'm over it. How did you make it for this long?
Yeah it's funny how we always remember the good times. I'm a control freak myself so maybe that has to do with the self sabotage. Like I can be sober for a week but then subconsciously I get anxious and then get drunk to drag myself back down. Hang in there friend. Just keep doing what has worked and this will pass by before you know it
Hang in there!  Tomorrow is another day!
A lot of people get squirelly around a year and I was definitely one of them. I felt almost embarrassed about it. I had questions like "what happens after a year?" "What's the point?" "Then what?" on and on and on. Just wanted to say that you should try not to worry too much about how you SHOULD feel. Whatever you are feeling about it it is ok that you feel that way. You're doing great!     
