-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mfygj/sobriety_saved_my_life_by_almost_killing_me/

I just got home from an 11 day hospital stay (7 days in the ICU) and wanted to share my experience hoping it resonates with someone else...Alcohol has controlled my life for the past 6 + yrs. and I've been struggling with sobriety for the past 2.  This has included going through a supervised Medical Detox and abandoning a great IOP program.  My typical relapse usually happened around the 2 week mark with my longest sober period lasting a little over 30 days. I was consuming 1 - 1.5 L of Vodka per day but I'm young (34 yo.) so it's not that big of a deal because I still have a few years before it really catches up with me. Right?  I started blacking out while sober about a year ago but assumed it wasn't serious because my lab work would come back great aside from high BP and slightly elevated liver enzymes. So I did what alcoholics do best and dug my way deeper into denial.  I chalked it up to my crippling anxiety and made the decision to start drinking earlier to numb myself even more. Sure I was destroying my marriage and career during all of this but I'm young and I still had plenty of time. Right?..I decided to try getting sober again about 2 weeks ago. I knew what I was in for when it came to withdrawals so thesweats anxiety racing heart vomiting and shakes didn't alarm me that much.  I was too ashamed to go see my Dr. and tell her I relapsed again so I was going to try to ride it out with an old Klonopin prescription that I was saving for a rainy day. This could not have been a worse decision. On September 24th &amp; 25th I blacked out twice within 24hrs. On both occasions I was by myself and have no idea how long I was out. Lucky for me the second time it happened my mom was on her way to my house to drop some clothes off that she had bought for my daughter. She took one look at me and said "We need to get you to a hospital."  It didn't take much convincing on my part so I let her drive me to the ER. There are no words to describe the shame I felt in that moment. After a few hours in the waiting shaking and wanting to die the Doctor ordered lab work EKG and CT scan.  The results were not good. My resting heart rate was 128 BP was 178/126 I had an enlarged heart leaky valves and fluid around my heart and lungs. They moved me to the Cardiac floor and ordered more tests. Those test results were even worse and caused them to move me to the Cardiac ICU where they put every kind of line and tube in me you can imagine. My heart was only functioning at 15% and I was in the late stages of heart failure.  My new team of Dr.'s and nurses made it very clear just how dire my situation was telling me in no uncertain terms that they estimated I had approximately 2-4 weeks left to live...The next week was a blur. My heart had to be restarted via defibrillation 8 times over a 5 day period. Luckily they were able to pull 30 lbs. of fluid off of me which stabilized me enough for an ICD device (pacemaker/defibrillator combo). Now that the dust has settled the cause of my condition became clear. I have a family history of electrical issues in the heart that include SVT's and Atrial Fibrillation. At some point I had an electrical "event" that weakened my heart impairing my heart function. This combined with my alcoholism lead to the perfect storm resulting in heart failure...For those of you lurking please don't be like me. Life is too short and precious to go through it numbed by poison. Don't think "It won't happen to me"  because this shit will kill you.  For those of you on the road to sobriety congratulations! Do not give up. If you fall keep getting up...&amp;#x200B;..**TL;DR -** Two days after deciding to get sober I ended up in the hospital and found out I was in the late stages of heart failure with less than a month to live. I'm still here and am fighting my way back. Sober is quite literally the only way I will be able to live...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. What a harrowing story. Thank you for sharing. I am so glad that you are here to post today.
Holy shit man. That's awful what you've been going through but I'm glad you shared your story. You definitely helped solidify my resolution on cutting alcohol out of my life completely. ..I hope things get better for you and sending positive vibes your way.
Hello my friend. Well I was going to tuck into bed. Now 2.00 AM Thought I will read 1 more post. ..Thank you so very much for having the courage to share your story. You are most certainly very fortunate to be with us. Yes it is a killer. One person dies every 10 seconds due to alcohol...May I wish you all the best for coming days. My cornerstone of sobriety 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow is not here. That leaves but today. If I can help in any way at any time please feel free to message me. Trust me you have had the living day lights scared out of you. But I struggled for 17 years to stop. I know how cunning baffling and powerfully alcohol can be. I hope you never do give in as there would not be another recovery left for you. I found AA a big help. ..Take care my friend. Again thank you for sharing. You may just save another sharing this..        ..
Thank you for sharing your story. A couple things struck me. 1) this is POISEN. Alcohol is not harmless nor just  happy hour  or brunch cocktails. Alcohol destroys our bodies. 2) denial is real. 3) I'm so glad you made it. IWNDWYT 
Wow!! Thanks for sharing. 
Thanks for sharing I had the same denial story I have been telling myself for years. Im ok as I woke up today and can work hangover or not. But that is not the case that is the lie you use to tell yourself that you are ok when you are far from it. IWNDWYT. Be good to yourself and know you can do this. Remember back to when you were happy and did not drink. You can be happy and not drink you can not drink and deal with depression drinking is not the answer it is the problem. Your mind tries to justify answers to keep the booze in your system.
So sorry friend. Alcohol fucks all of us. Am sending you all my healthy and healing vibes   
Thank you for sharing it must have been so frightening.  Good on you for committing to be sober!  IWNDWYT
Right there with you...33/F..Drinker since college 18. Decided to cut it down. Didn't feel great. Had a few bad things happen in one day. Went for a few drinks. Less than three drinks. Hardly anything for me. Did not feel good. Swelling in abdomen and feet. Couldn't keep food or water down. Woke up yellow. ..Went for blood test. Cried. Got a call in the morning. They just said to get to the ER ASAP. Liver failure- alcoholic hepatitis side of cirrhosis bad ascites blood clotting issues malnutrition a myriad of things. I was functioning until this. Was there for about three days but remember very little. Evidently they tapped out the fluid did every test under the sun let me eat as much as I wanted (great food) and thanked them profusely the whole time. I did not know they were telling my family I was probably not going to make it. I remember signing forms but I thought they were hospital forms. They were living wills and DNR's and what not...Cue being sent home but with blood tests every few days and lots of specialist appointments. Suddenly I'm a sick person with a ton of meds and no real idea how any day or night would go. Crazy steroids that if I did not respond to would mean I would need a splice transplant. My younger siblings offered immediately. I couldn't handle the idea of anything happening to them and starting praying for the first time in a decade. I'm two months on now and finally off the steroids. I find out today the status of what I have to do next. I could still die in the next few years from whatever but I plan on sticking around. Haven't touched booze. Can't for the rest of my life or my liver could go into shock and kill me. I have the flu but can't take normal medicine. I took so fucking much for granted. I cannot believe what I did to myself. I had never been to the ER or in an emergency situation before. I know what dying feels like now. I don't want to do it. ..My best wishes to you. Keep on kicking. 
Wow. Thank you so much for sharing this. Thoughts of moderation have been popping up in my head lately - but this gave me the kick in the butt I needed to just keep doing what I'm doing. Best of luck to you in your recovery and I will not drink with you today. 
You're a very strong person.  Glad you aren't ready to give up...We'll stand with you.  Thank you so much for sharing your story.  
Thank you for your story. Lately I have been telling myself that if I make it to a year again I can drink because I would prove I can do it...Yet it is stories like this that remind me that I should probably just stay on a healthier path.
Thank you for sharing this. I feel like I was on the same path and exited it only slightly earlier.   I needed to read this. IWNDWYT and I'm telling you your future looks amazing. 
I am having my badge reset to 11/12/2018. I have begun having episodes of skipped beats and/or small windows of tachycardia the day after not even having more than 2 glasses of wine. I went to the cardiologist yesterday. Of course everything was behaving normally but she told me NO alcohol and I will go back for an ECG in two weeks (had an EKG at my PCP last week that was normal). So alcohol is a no go for me. Moderation means nothing to my heart. Thank you so much for sharing your story.
