-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mgr5k/stopping_for_the_third_time/

I don't know how I always let it get to this point. I started as a bottle girl in NYC at 19 and developed a hefty drinking habit at work which only got worse after I was violently sexually assaulted. I feel like I've let that trauma and my poor coping skills define me since and I'm tired of it. Drank too much at a work event Saturday because I was anxious in the crowd and pissed/triggered by some of the news lately and had to leave early because I got too drunk. I'm waiting on the inevitable talk with my boss and I just hate myself so much. I always think I can moderate but I really can't. I feel fine until I'm basically blacking out and I also shouldn't be drinking on an SSRI anyways it makes me tank so fast...I hurt so much today and I'm trying not to hate myself. I don't want this to be something I struggle with forever. But maybe being a member here will help me stay accountable for not drinking. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Being a member here certainly helps. I also rely on therapy exercise and meditation. Sobriety takes a little work but is well worth it in the end. I was only finally able to quit for good when I embraced the fact that moderation is an illusion. The only way I can control alcohol is not drink it.    .    .Welcome to the club. IWNDWYT
I believe in you. I'm so sorry that those things happened to you I can only imagine... Just try not to beat yourself up too bad. We all live and learn. I was the same way up until a week ago. I would feel fine and keep drinking &amp; drinking until suddenly I was black out drunk. Then I would wake up passed out anywhere but my bed I would puke and shake all morning lay in bed all day try to remember the dumb shit I did or said lose things etc. Finally decided I wanted to see what it was like to not worry about all of that and it feels great. It's hard not to want to drink w my husband and friends esp if we go out but I'm choosing to not let alcohol run my life. Just try to flash forward to post drinks and how much better you'll feel by the end of the night or in the morning w a clear head and a happy stomach. It's also interest to people watch when you're the one not getting fucked up lol. Not judging anyone at all but it's pretty sobering... Good luck we are all here for you and wish you the best! IWNDWYT   
Try not to hate on yourself: you'll just be tearing into someone who is trying to be responsible here and now and down the road.  ...Your boss may or may not lay into you. Can't change that. But as soon as you don't feel like complete ass you can start being the person that is making a plan to keep yourself accountable. Really wanting something different is great first step. :)  ...You can do it.
