-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mlgao/ill_going_to_lose_it_all/

I'm on day 7 for probably the tenth time. This is truly my last chance. I haven't had a job in weeks. My mom had to pay my rent and the notice to my landlord is sitting next to me ready to go into the mail tomorrow. My boyfriend moved out and left me after this last relapse and I have never felt more alone in my life. I got through the 'fear' and tremors finally. I slept basically all day after a week of fighting to do so. My place is in shambles and I don't even know where to begin to pack up to leave...I should feel grateful that my mom has offered to let me move in with her and help set me up with an intensive outpatient program while I focus on my sobriety. I still feel so incredibly scared though. Losing everything I've worked so hard for after so many years feels impossible to let go of and I just can't believe I let myself get to this point. ..Years of drinking almost a fifth of whiskey a day multiple hospital visits a stint at an inpatient rehab lost jobs destroyed relationships....I can't fail myself again.
----------immediate responses--------

It's tough. I've been there. I could only keep moving forward. It worked out but it took 30 some years.
It's good you have some support.  It's good that you have IOP.  You can do this.  Quitting drinking is one decision that I never ever regret.  Drinking is just not worth it.  ..We're here for you.  I will not drink with you today.
For reals good luck. Holler if you need to talk.
Give the IOP a chance there are some good programs out there. Stay connected here there's strength in #'s. And be patient. Time takes time. Stick with it it'll get better. 
Rent a storage unit. Get boxes from the uhaul rental or a grocery store. Start packing up your life. Your personal property won't box itself. ..START...To moderate and reduce your alcohol intake try naltrexone and the Sinclair method. Research both on reddit and youtube...To quit drinking completely get the vivitrol shot each month or the naltrexone implant every 3 months. 
There's a reason the rear view mirror is smaller than the windshield. Remember where you've been and how you feel right now losing everything but focus on the future. 
I'm at day 2 keep it up!
If you are going through hell keep going! Sorry to drop a clich  on you but I really think it's true. All is not lost! You can do this.    
If you lose it all it will be OK. The gains made in sobriety are worth gold I promise. Lean on your Mom for now and hold on to that gratitude. Each time you make it through the day without drinking is a major victory and you can do it!!! IWNDWYT! 
It's nice your mom is such a support- I wish you all the best- you can do this! 
