-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mn8rj/im_struggling/

I had so much optimism I had a few good runs since taking this seriously a bit over a month ago. ..I just can't stop though. ..I have no one to confide to and no health insurance at the moment. I've been through withdrawals already this time isn't as bad. But it's still hard...I'm afraid of AA it's a common pick-up and assault center for women where I'm at. ..I feel so alone. I feel like in my heart of hearts I can stop. Just someone please tell me I'm not alone or horrible for failing at this a few times. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am in the same place you are. No friends no family no insurance and I was creeped on my men both times I went to AA. ..You are NOT alone.
Damn right you can do this!..&amp;#x200B;..You're off to a great start hang in there. Life's so much better without poisoning ourselves!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
[removed]
You're not alone. I'm in a similar position: we don't have AA in our area I cannot tell my family the GP is quite cynical so I will not talk about this with him. So this sub is the only thing I've. Just to let you know that you're not alone and sending you my support! IWNDWYT. 
I hate that it's so difficult in some places to get support. I'm a single Mom and am alone in most things. Without AA I would be struggling. Are there womens groups? You could stick with them for a while until you feel less vulnerable. They can also help you ID who to keep your distance from. You might also look for SMART meetings or Refuge Recovery. Keep searching and keep taking it 1 day at a time. I'm glad you are here! IWNDWYT 
I would try to focus on what you do have(this place) instead of what you dont. Once I put my energy into solutions my anxiety really tones down a lot. Id bet some of the women around here would be available to chat with you when you need. Have you taken interest in new hobbies since you quit drinking? Maybe find some sober workout buds? Even if you dont have kids I bet making friends with Moms who like to hike/play sports go to the lake etc... would be helpful...I didn't get different results until I tried something different. Been off the sauce for a while now with no AA. I work pursue passions and try to help people who are doing worse than I am to help maintain sobriety. Its yours for the taking...Let us know how you are doing friend!
Sorry to hear that about AA. That sucks. Have you looked at SMART RECOVERY or REFUGE RECOVERY? You might find better support there I did...You can do this friend! It is hard but you are strong. I am cheering for you! ..I won't be drinking with you today.
Glad you're here.  ..There are "same-gender" recovery meetings.  ..I hope you find support!
Look for a woman only AA meeting. If there is a local AA office call them and they can help you find a safe meeting. Members of AA are willing to help each other. I attend to meetings that are women only.  Fellow AA members will also offer to accompany you if you are concerned for safety.
