-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9msr5g/how_do_i_best_support_a_partner_who_is_trying_to/

Long time lurker first time poster so please be nice. I literally just made a reddit account to make this post...My boyfriend has recently come to terms with the fact he has a drinking problem. I noticed this awhile ago but wanted him to come to his own conclusion. Without revealing too much of his story I will say that is he almost certainly genetically predisposed to addiction so I don't hold much blame for his choices but they have started to negatively affect me...He can quite happily have just one or two drinks and be fine but once he gets to four he is on a straight downhill line to 15 or 20 at which point he will often say some hurtful things to me or the people he cares about and then pass out. We have had a few conversations about how this excessive drinking is affecting his life and he wants to make some changes but I'm stuck with what I can do to help. He is a great boyfriend when he's sober and I really want to support him through this but I'm very aware I run the risk of trying to be his  saviour  and burning myself out...Those of you who have had friends and partners who have helped you (or tried and failed) what worked and more importantly what didn't help at all? I've never really struggled with addiction of any kind so I'd love some insight into what it's like for him...
----------immediate responses--------

You will want to check out r/alanon and /r/ScienceAndKindness they are two subs for people dealing with a loved one's addiction. 
I physically and mentally abused every girlfriend I ever had. Alcohol is my excuse. Without it I would be good.. I promise 
Ask him how he would like you to support and encourage him. Some people get all the booze out of the house. Some take a break from alcohol with their partner the first few weeks or months to help them by forming a partnership with a goal towards better health. ..When I finally quit my husband didn't drink around me for the first few months because he knew his temporary abstinence was kind of a  let's do this together babe!  type of deal. I appreciated it. It made me feel like we were on Team No Booze or something and made the first few months easier. 
My husband has both cut down his drinking and taken it elsewhere out of the house. I find those things very helpful with my new sobriety.
My husband doesn't drink so I didn't have issues with him still drinking but it was necessary for me to get alcohol out of the house. Sometimes he would call to say hi in the middle of the day.(I work at home alone). I liked that but it can come close to feeling like being watched or monitored. I would have appreciated him making an effort to spend time outside of work with me so I wasnt alone so much(drinking trigger) but I had to make it on my own. Probably best to talk openly about his feelings. For me it is nice to feel supported but at the same time not treated like an invalid or made to feel under a microscope. Good luck
