-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mvj04/aa/

So my therapist recommended that I go to AA. I know I could use the help because I've been struggling but I'm anxious about it. I have general social anxiety and new situations freak me out. I'd like to go to a young adults meeting (as I'm only 24) and hopefully meet some people who understand what I'm going through. ..If I decide to go what can I expect? Thoughts on AA in general? 
----------immediate responses--------

AA has been life saving and life changing for me. I have social anxiety as well but never even thought about it after my first meeting 7 months ago. My advice is to get a Big Book (Alcoholics Anonymous) and read it through. You will find that it speaks to you as if it was written about your life. 
I attend one meeting a week at this point. If my schedule were more open I would easily do 3 or 4. I love it. 
you are going to meet a room of people who all share a similar struggle and through this struggle at least in my experience everyone is pretty much there to rally around each other from all different backgrounds and age brackets.    ...google AA for your area and try calling the intergroup number and speak with someone who can suggest a meeting in your area with a younger crowd.    ...many many people who find themselves within the rooms of AA struggle with all forms of anxiety issues and i am sure you will quickly meet people who know exactly what you are feeling.  
AA is what made recovery click for me. I started going when I was 29 and met lots of people in their early and mid 20s. If I were you I would definitely check out a young adults meeting to make some friends; it was important for me to see that there were young people who were sober and having fun with their lives. Having said that I also enjoy going to meetings with older people who have been sober a long time. Meeting other people who were getting on with their lives and being productive members of society gave me hope and made me feel less alone and ashamed.  I've made a lot of great friends in AA and based on my experience this thing is much easier when I have a strong support network in my back pocket. Let me know if you have any other questions. 
I have had terrible anxiety panic attacks etc but I do go to AA. It has definitely helped me stay sober &amp; it's also helped with my anxiety which I never expected. I learned a lot of my anxiety had to do with being out of my element/being out of alignment with my values. ..I feel at home at AA. It is such a chill but welcoming space. Right now I go to 2-3 AA meetings a week &amp; I also go to 1 SMART meeting a week. 
It's the best thing I ever did in my life
I try for 5 a week it's an hour of getting better.  I'm 29 but I attend groups with older folks I enjoy their wisdom and thoughts.  So there is that aspect the knowledge but also it's an accountability thing.  I talk and text with some of the guys I even work for a few so I'd hate to disappoint so many folks that really want to see me succeed! I hear lots of horror stories about AA on here and other drinking subs but for me it's always been pleasant.  Nice people good thoughts non drinkers what else does one want? 
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Went to my first AA meeeting yesterday and it went well. Went to two more today and really enjoyed them. One was a men's only one where they read through an A.A. book and took turns going around the table. It never did make it to me but that's ok. More older men but I  enjoy hearing their wisdom and life experience. I  drove directly to another one after that was a mix of young and old but there were quite a few young people in there. I just turned 27 recently so I'm in your same age group. I plan on going to a few a week. ..Don't worry about having the need to talk with anyone. I kinda slipped in and out without much conversation with anyone. I'm pretty introvert too. But I'm sure over time I'll enjoy opening up. Good luck 
