-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mwtgn/the_sinclair_method_and_naltrexone/

 Hi all  ...I used to lurk on here a lot about a year ago. I quit coming around here because all of my attempts at sobriety did not go well (to say the least). I could string together a few weeks here and there but things would always and inevitably spiral out of control. And the bottoms just kept getting lower.   ...Fast forwarding to today I am just over 5 months into the Sinclair Method and I have pretty much reached what they call *extinction* (indifference to alcohol). Over the past 6 weeks I have drank twice. Once I had 4 drinks while out at dinner with some friends from work. Normally this would have been an excuse for a huge bender - it was work approved so I didn't have to worry about being hungover the next day these were some of my hard drinking buddies and I even had a pass to drink from the wife. But I stopped at 4 drinks and skipped the after party and I did it because I mostly just didn't want to drink anymore. There was no willpower needed. The second time we had pitchers and beers were poured for everyone at the table. I sipped on my beer throughout the dinner and it wasn't until I got up to leave that I realized I hadn't even finished my first one.  ...To put this in perspective in the week before I finally decided to do TSM I was drunk for five days straight from first thing in the morning until I passed out at night. Two of those nights were total blackouts and I have no idea what happened. But I know it was bad because when I woke up my wife was at her parents' house. I also went to work drunk once and called in sick twice (how I still have a job?). The only thing that stopped my drinking at 5 days was that the whole fiasco ended with a DUI. A complete and total shit storm the worst I had ever been.  ...I just thought I might post this because well I wish I had read a post like this last fall before things really went south for me. I know everyone needs to find their own path and there are many ways to achieve sobriety so I'm not trying to say TSM is the one and only answer. But if you are struggling with alcohol the way I was it's definitely worth a look.  ...Feel free to ask any questions I wish you all well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad it is working for you!  I tried it but I didn't like it and didnt get the results I was hoping for so I stopped.  For me abstinence is the best choice but as always it's good to see that there's more than one path to sobriety!
Good going OP!..Internet badges do not block cravings. Naltrexone does.
Its always great to hear about what works for people so thank you for sharing this!  I had tried to talk to my doctor a couple years ago about the Sinclair method and he said something like "if you're an alcoholic you need to go to rehab.  Are you an alcoholic?"  I wasn't ready for that kind of aggressive reply so I dropped the topic.  ..I hope things are working out with your DUI.  Stopping drinking was the best thing I've done for my relationship with my wife and for that reason I will not drink with you today.
Hey man. Glad you posted about TSM. I tried it a while back and man I wish it did't give me headaches.  It was amazing to see cravings disappear and leaving drinks unfinished. I still think it helped kick me off on my road to sobriety. I wish more people who are struggling to quit knew about it. I don't think this sub gives it the credit it deserves as a tool in our sobriety toolboxes. Either way it's awesome to see it working out for you! Keep rocking!
I wish Naltrexone was available in my country :(
