-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9n3pq4/first_meeting/

So I said I would post about my meeting when I first got sober again. Its taken me a couple of weeks to build up the courage to go. Everyone was very friendly they said I didn't have to say anything so I didn't although I feel like I copped out really. I got someone's phone number in case I need to talk. It was helpful to see people in real life struggling in the same way I am that sounds a bit selfish I suppose but it's true :) on the other hand it's kind of terrifying to hear other people that seemingly have gone through what I am now but they have endured a lot more heartache it feels like almost looking into my own future. It's nice to have some kind of social interaction outside of work mainly I haven't really worked out how my sober life will work on that front yet. To be honest I'm scared about the prospect of dwelling on the misery alcohol has brought to me for the rest of my life by going to meetings. Maybe there is no way around it I hope it can be a positive thing to be thankful that I'm not in that place anymore. In general its a lot to deal but IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I forgot that one big takeaway for me is not to go to places or events centered around booze. Why put yourself through it and endanger everything. I remember last time I went sober someone saying that exact thing after I posted how I had successfully gone to the pub or something. At the time I didn't want to hear it but now I see it. Thanks for telling it straight that person! 
[removed]
&gt;for the rest of my life by going to meetings ..Wow!  How'd you jump to such a BIG overwhelming comdept as "the rest of my life"?..That sounds pretty heavy.  ..&gt;in general it's a lot to deal ..I decided this morning to just forgo ONE little drink -The First One...I didn't have to make any decisions about the reset of my life...Heck I didn't know what I was gonna eat for lunch until I went to the cafe.  To put it inoerspective think about making a plan for what you will eat starting now for *The Rest of Your Life*......Pretty daunting to me..
