-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9n71ge/what_do_you_do_when_your_best_friend_in_the_world/

I have very few close friends. In fact I basically have one. We've been friends for over 20 years. Unfortunately much of our current relationship revolves around getting together and drinking. He likes to drink...Unfortunately I've been struggling with drinking more than he has. I've tried to open up to him about my problem but he always diverts the conversation back to the fact that he drinks a lot too and he doesn't see it as an issue. In other words he minimizes my problem because to him it's just normal. ..It's not normal to me. My mother recently passed and I've been drinking every single night alone. I've grown to see alcohol as an impedance to the real long-term goals I have for myself. It's not fun anymore nor is it something I think of as a small problem...Long story short I'm worried that if I quit completely my friend will not want to spend time with me as much anymore. I know the whole line about how "if they really care they'll understand..." but I also know how in reality people will distance themselves from those who don't share their same idea of a "good time"...I want to free myself but I'm also desperately afraid of creating distance between myself and the only person in my life that knows me and is genuinely the best friend I've ever had.
----------immediate responses--------

The best decision you can make is actually talking to him about the issues you're having within yourself. ..That way you both can come up with the best conclusions on how to handle yalls outings and other issues. ..Communicating with the actually person and listing your concerns you type on here goes a longer way than us trying to put ourselves in your shoes. 
Talk to them about it in a honest way and from the I. So talking about how YOU feel about things. People get defensive so talking from your view and how you feel can help. ..And mainly leading by example. We are only truly in control of ourselves. People have to want to quit for them. But when they do it's good to have support and people they can talk to. If you're open about quitting yourself working on yourself they will see the improvement see you as an inspiration and when they are ready they will know they can be open with you as you have to them. 
Things feel different at first it's true but different doesn't have to be bad.  Here's the steps I've taken to keep my relationships functioning...1.  I don't talk about drinking or not drinking.  I give it about as much press as I would what kind of milk is in my refrigerator.  If a friend is really curious I'll tell them my experience with not drinking but most people do not want to hear about it...2.  I take initiative to come up with plans that are not drink-centric.  I invite my friends in advance to do things with me.  Some of these activities may have alcohol (like bowling) but the activity is not drinking (like hanging out at bars tends to be) so I'm much better off.  I understand if people can't come to my activities.  I mix up the activity (bowling mini-golf hiking disc-golf playing guitar baking fishing brunch coffee lunch dessert walking theater etc) I mix up the time of day I often invite several people hoping a couple of them will be interested at least.  So far everyone seems into doing something of course not all the time but often enough for my social life.  I suppose if someone couldn't *ever* make time to hang out with me then I'd question the relationship.  Maybe it was just about drinking.  So far that hasn't happened. ..I took it slow in the first few weeks and let myself get used to not drinking.  I avoided situations that I found triggering (hanging out on my friend's porch where everyone was drinking) and just planned short activities with a couple of people.  I had TONS of drink options for myself at all times.  Soda water coffee tea etc.  This helped me more than anything...You can do this.  It takes a little bit of planning ahead and paying attention to what you can handle and what might need to wait. ..I will not drink with you today.
My husband still drinks but he was never a binger like me.  I don't anymore.  We walk our own paths.  I was looking at some serious consequences if I continued drinking but I quickly took ownership of my own sobriety.  There is hope.  
I began cutting back on alcohol last year I quit completely in December my close aunt died in March and I lost my best friend in April. She drinks heavily and our relationship got very stressful when I stopped drinking. ..My aunt once told me that "nobody cares about your feelings more that you do." I felt that I needed to quit alcohol but that didn't jive with what my best friend wanted/needed/felt. I found myself getting defensive around her because she was so critical. My feelings about giving up alcohol were not important to her. ..Since letting that friendship go I have been spending time grieving for my aunt and working on myself. I enjoy my own company and I am getting back into old hobbies. I'm also finding out that there's a lot of friends in my circle that don't drink. It's been rewarding and fun getting to know them all better. ..I know it's hard to think of creating distance between you and someone you love but if that's what it takes to take care of yourself it's for the best. Just be honest with your friend. That's the best you can do. 
Can you suggest more neutral hangouts? ..I'm becoming aware of how my pursuit of sobriety can make people feel like I'm judging their own drinking habits. When pressed I try not to keep it really personal. "I noticed I had a problem with my relationship with alcohol" makes it sound more like a me problem while "I drink too much" makes it sound like "*we* drink too much" which puts people on the defensive. 
"A friend is one in front of whom I may speak my mind." I think Ralph Waldo Emerson said something like that. 
Time to put yourself first. If he is a friend he will be a friend when you are sober. ..Real friends don't run away over alcohol. Just get sober. When you go out with him don't drink. It doesn't mean he has to drink and if he asks just say it is what you want to do for your life and health. 
