-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9n77oj/day_1/

Ughh...my skin is just hot of all of the awfulness of withdrawals that's somehow the most unbearable part for me- too dehydrated to sweat and just...hot...I knew I'd be spiraling around now some very big life changes and triggers going on. I really fucked some things up over the last two days. It's actually impressive how much damage I was able to do- it's like the worst version of productive. ..This has to be my last day 1. It has to. ..I swallowed my pride- my brother-in-law has been sober for almost 20 years. I asked my sister to have him call me tomorrow. He's been in my life since I was 5 and has always been a father figure to me. For reference no one in my life knows how bad my problem is just my sister. Talking to him is terrifying to me- I want to hide in my insular world and manage this on my own so no one can watch me struggle i don't want people to witness my failures. If only I know I can pretend it didn't happen. But I can't do this alone and this has to stop. Now...But I am so tired of the lying the sneaking the hiding bottles the excuses. I am so exhausted. I'm tired too of hiding behind my drinking problem. Honestly I use drinking as a means to cheat on my eating disorder recovery. ..I am trying to be kind to myself. I use this accounts age to remind me of the work I've been trying to put in. It's been 44 days since I admitted I have a problem and I do. I'm an alcoholic. I've had some good sober runs in those 44 days. I can pinpoint days where I didn't have a drink which means everything to me. I know it's do-able. I also tell myself that even though I'm failing and relapsing I haven't been trying for long yet. I'm not perfect and I'm clearly not very good at this yet but I think I've come a long way on my own over the last months and a half. ..The withdrawals are horrible but they pass. Every day feels like forever. I just need to hold out for a few forevers until I turn the corner. ..I can deal with hot skin to put an end to this slow suicide...
----------immediate responses--------

I was just the same - so many heartbreaking and frustrating attempts to quit over 10 years  - then one day after a terrible night something just clicked. I knew that was the day. ..One of the main reasons i think it clicked was because I'd built up some coping mechanisms (mantras about why i wanted to quit and finding this sub and some useful you tubers) and by the sounds of it you are pretty prepared and determined. You'll be ready too i hope. ..Good luck and keep on truckin 
I would recommend sleep fizzy drinks eggs more sleep. Sleep is the biggest healer. You can do this. 
Sounds like you're in a tough spot but I'm glad to see you reaching out here...So far all my conversations with recovering alcoholics have been positive.  As evidenced here at /r/stopdrinking it seems we all feel a sense of fellowship if not a desire to help and forgive each other.  I hope your conversation with your brother-in-law goes the same way...SD isn't your brother-in-law but if you need to reach out you know where to find us.  You're definitely not alone.  There are ~135000 internet strangers on this sub who can relate and I hope that's at least some small comfort...Lastly I didn't deal with the kind of withdrawal you're describing but I often see people around here recommend telling a doctor about your symptoms.  I hear there are medicines that ease some of the symptoms.  Getting sober is hard enough mentally -- I can't imagine dealing with physical issues on top of it!..IWNDWYT
