-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9nccnx/anyone_find_a_way_to_unlock_their_charismatic/

One of the reasons I struggle with alcohol is because of how it brings me out of my shell. Without it I have a more restful sleep more energy better memory more time an easier time losing weight and I'm happier. ..I've noticed when I'm sober talking to girls the conversations are more dry. But when I'm drinking even though they are sober and do not know I had a drink the conversations last for hours. They don't want to hang up I'm hilarious I'm outgoing and seeing or hearing them laughing and enjoying the conversation makes it more fun and exciting for me too. ..Obviously the positives of not drinking outweigh the negatives but I don't want to lose that spark that alcohol gives me. Anyone here face and overcome this issue? Thanks I'm advance! 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have a charismatic side.  When I'm sober I'm awkward.  When I'm drinking I'm sloppy and awkward.
I don't have any solution to this as I find conversations so much richer when I'm actually sober. Have you considered maybe going on an improv course or something along those lines? My BIL did a whole course and LOvED it. I'd imagine it would be a perfect place to meet people and learn some tips/tricks on fun conversation starters/prompts? 
Alcohol gave me a false sense of confidence. Once I quit drinking and used my sobriety to start exercising and tackle my finances and get back into my hobbies I developed real honest to goodness confidence for the first time in a long while. And that has worked wonders for my ability to navigate social situations.
Alcohol didn't make me any funnier or smarter it just chased the I Hate Myself Monster back into its cave for a couple of hours so I had some room to breathe to feel like I deserved to be heard and liked. Monster always met me at my door the next morning and boy was he was hungry.  So for me it's a matter of learning to like myself without a 12 oz. crutch. Gotta make friends with the Monster...IWNDWYT
[removed]
Practice!..If alcohol is simply removing filters so that you  flow  that can be accomplished simply by practicing....  being yourself with sober people...So does alcohol actually give a  spark  or is that something your mind is telling you...Hint:  alcohol impairs cognitive function adversely affects physiology slows reaction time and worsens my judgement...Q:   How do you get to Carnegie Hall? ..A:  Practice Practice Practice!
Wow I can really relate to this. As I've gotten a little time behind me though I've realized from observing other people that my confidence was misplaced. Even with just a couple drinks I was pretty boring and pathetic. Sometimes I am in a situation where I'm quiet and a wallflower - turns out that's not the group/place/day for me to shine. But when I'm around people who appreciate what I bring sober it's fantastic. I'm weird and artistic and sarcastic and a good listener. I'm a good friend for a few people. I'm broken as hell but this busted up old hulk is a lot more real now that it isn't a drunk one. Good luck and thanks for the post! IWNDWYT.
I think it's possible we think we are more charming than we actually are when we're drunk. I had to reappraise that in the first place...I am finding with time that being personable funny etc is coming naturally because I'm comfortable in my skin now. I honestly find people seem to like me better but more importantly I like me better...IWNDWYT 
The only people who thought I was charasmatic and charming when I drank were people who were also drunk. To sober people I was a silly obnoxious  and loud girl...Being sober is sexy honestly. Nothing hot about sloppy limbs hanging jaw and squinty glazed eyes....
Think back to when you were a kid and had never drank alcohol. When you were at sleepovers or riding your bike all day or laughing with your friends did you miss alcohol? That person is still in there somewhere. It takes time to get more comfortable in your own skin but it can be done. You can be as ridiculous or as silly as you want to be any time you want to. You just have to learn how to give yourself permission to do so without alcohol.
