-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9nez9a/my_breakup_letter_with_alcohol_its_been_3_days/

&gt; Dear booze.&gt; .&gt; I despise you for what I have become and today is the day I finally split from you for good. You have been nothing but a hindrance to my life goals and health. You may have provided some fun times in the past but I cannot go on with how destructive you have made me..&gt; .&gt; You have made me lie to family and friends. You have made me miss social engagements. You have exacerbated my depression. You have made me a shell of my former self. You have made me loathe myself..&gt; .&gt; Three days ago I laid in bed for an entire day with an atrocious hangover. Three days ago I wished for nothing but the release of death. Three days ago I wanted nothing to do with you. Three days ago I began the journey of forgiveness to overcome the self hate I incurred from you..&gt; .&gt; Today I am done with you and your wily ways. Today I am done with the anxiety the depression the incessant thoughts of you..&gt; Today I will begin a resurgence of my former glory without you..&gt; .&gt; I have never meant it before when I have said I hated someone; it was always a temporary feeling. But not today. I cannot hate myself and I will forgive the former me but... I hate you..&gt; .&gt; Good riddance and go fuck yourself...I am done. I'm an alcoholic and I never truly believed it and I cannot keep doing this. I am 30 years old. I tried quitting drinking 3 years ago; made it 1.5 years without any alcohol until I relapsed the first time. I went another nearly another year until I relapsed this September and relapsed hard. I spent the entirety of Monday in bed vomiting that turned into dry heaving. I couldn't even hold down water for an hour. The past few days and nights I've tried to bring back some semblance of normalcy. But I've been so down... So tired.....I know life's not meant to be fair but addiction sucks. It's made me a shell of who I was in college: strong fit rational... Addiction is just... not. It feels like such a lazy weak and dumb way to deal and go through life. I've cried the past few days going against the 'men will be men' crap that plagues society. I'm a human being dammit. I just want to feel like it again after this weekend. I can't wait for another sleepless night and another headache tomorrow. /s..With that said I won't be lurking any longer. I might need more time to gain my composure and participate more. But for now I will not drink with you tonight... And hopefully many more.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT
You are strong!  It is alcohol that is sick and weak and desperate.  Thank you for the reminder of what a bastard alcohol is!
I could have wrote your letter! Me all over  stay strong mate and fuck the booze off keep strong IWNDWYT 
Not this day
I will not drink with you tonight! :)
Got teary reading you. I did cry too several times when hangover was the most painful depression a bottomless pit and anxiety a living nightmare...Nothing wrong with tears. .I enjoyed reading your letter and I'd like to welcome you. Congratulations on taking your first step..I wont be easy but this path leads to a much brighter future you won't regret it...Hang in there sending positive energy your way! Iwndwyt
I have 12 days now I don't want to go back  so hang in there the cravings are intense at times  even after all the bad things that have happened from drinking all the shame  anxiety and much more my mind still trys to talk me into drinking. Every day of sobriety is starting to feel like a gift and I want more and more. I dont want to ever go backwards from day 12 good riddance alcohol
Crying is fantastic. It is so healing. I'm just starting this journey too. Looking forward to hearing about your progress. 
This!! "Three days ago I began the journey of forgiveness to overcome the self hate I incurred from you." Good on you! Self forgiveness was a major key for me to grow. Keep coming back. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
