-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9nhoap/where_im_at/

I'm back in college at 30 and as of midterms my gpa is at a 4.0 and I'm on track to have my masters in just under 3 years. 4 months ago I was sitting in my bathroom with a rope ready to kill myself after my billionth relapse. But for some reason I didn't. I reached out and got help. I started taking my bipolar diagnosis seriously and actually stuck with my meds for the first time in my life. And after having been denied HRT a few years ago because of my crazy liver enzyme levels I just found out that my numbers are getting back to normal and that I'll probably be able to start transitioning in a few months!..Life is far from perfect and there's still plenty of things I need to work on (like how it's 12:45 and I still haven't started my English essay that's due in 8 hours) but things are okay and sometimes even good. I've lurked a lot on this sub and all of you have been such a huge inspiration to me. I really don't think I'd be where I'm at without reading this sub and all of your stories so the least I could do is give back a little and say thank you!!..&lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Brilliant turn around - best of luck with your studies.
Hey that's awesome!  Happy 90+ days to you.  It's really empowering to see the hope and perseverance in the struggle and to hear the triumphs and growth that results.  I will not drink with you today.
 congrats!that is amazing!
Keep it up! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for posting this.  I must have needed some good news more than I thought I did because I'm fighting tears as well as the urge to enthusiastically applaud my computer screen like an idiot. :).Applauding you with my mind-hands! Best wishes to you and stay Love! 
You're absolutely awesome. 
As someone else with a mood disorder   super proud of you. It's so easy to self medicate with alcohol/drugs. I'm inspired   I'm in my 30s and I've been debating going back to school. 
Yayyyyyy! Yayyyy! And more yayyy! Happy to hear you're still here :) Proud of you and that. Most things about this post make me feel so much less alone. I too am in my thirties struggle with addiction haven't gone back to school yet but you never know am on the path to transitioning (I don't even want to know how screwed my liver is) and living my authentic awesome life. It's nice to hear that it really truly does get better :)
      
