-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9njrf2/first_post_hopefully_the_start_of_a_different_life/

Hi everyone. I've been lurking for a while and found people's stories so helpful and inspiring I decided it was time to bite the bullet and share some of my own story. This is for me to make my situation "real" by finally admitting it but if it can help others who can identify with even a part of where I'm at then that'd be great...I didn't always have a drink problem. I was able to go out socialise have a few drinks  stop and then go home never to even think about having another drink until I went out again a couple of weeks later. Things changed for me in about my early 30's. I've always struggled with intense anxiety in response to stress since I can remember. Then when I was 33 I went through the worst 18 months of my life. My Father died suddenly in a road traffic accident quickly followed by my two grandparents and then my dog died suddenly on my birthday. That was the last straw. I was devastated felt like a huge hole had been punched through my chest and I was utterly furious at God the Universe everyone. ..Whilst my partner at the time was supportive the relationship gradually turned abusive and that was where my slide started. It was gradual I think but I had no clue what to do with all the grief rage and devastation I felt all the time not to mention the anxiety I had all the time so bit by bit day by day I started to try to drink it away. ..I've never been a drinker every night I rarely got so drunk I vomited or made a fool of myself and I've never had a drink during the day and I think this allowed me to go a long long time without having to admit to myself that I had a problem. ..However over the last 4 years I couldn't generally go more than a day without a bottle of wine and the reality that this wasn't ok started to nag at me. I'd stop for a week maybe two and then I'd think it was ok to reward myself with a drink and before I knew it I was back to sinking four or five bottles of wine a week. I'd drag these out over 6 maybe 7 hours so I never really appeared that drunk but I put on two stone (28lb) above my normal weight my face was red I had bags under my eyes I looked terrible. Even worse was the shame I felt waking up every morning having had a drink and the knowledge that if something had happened during the evening if someone needed me I wouldn't be able to just get in my car and go help. ..I'm really fortunate in so far as I have a happy marriage a good job and a great standard of living and so far my drinking hasn't affected this as much as it could have done but my husband (who doesn't really drink apart from maybe a glass of wine when out for dinner once a month) has become increasingly worried about me. ..So finally I have reached the point where I know deep down that I HAVE to do something about it. I don't want to have a heart or liver problem that was entirely self-inflicted. I don't want to go to my grave having an addiction that I never faced. I don't want to be so deep down miserable and anxious inside all the time whilst putting on a smiling mask to everyone else including those who know and love me and would be horrified if they knew what was going on with me. I don't want to be ashamed of myself any more...I can't as yet say that I will never drink again. I think right now that'd be counter productive. All I can say is today I won't have a drink (with you). I managed 20 days sober in September and other than on Saturday evening where I caved at a family event and had my usual bottle of wine I haven't had a drink in October either. So that makes currently 5 consecutive days sober. I've lost almost a stone in weight am eating healthily and already I look a lot better...I know it's a journey I know that I will have massive ups downs and temptations particularly in the face of stressful events. I may slip but at least I've started. I was seriously wanting a drink last night with my husband working away (a usual trigger time)  but instead I read posts on here and then I got on my exercise bike and pounded away for 30 minutes and that really did the trick I had a healthy dinner and a bottle of mineral water and went to bed and woke up this morning feeling great and NOT ashamed. I haven't asked for a badge yet I guess I'm not ready for that either but this is the first time I've ever disclosed any of this to anyone so at least I've made a start. I'm sorry it's such a long post and if you've got this far thanks so much for reading and I will not drink with you today...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT 
Your story is a lot like mine. Social drinker until a prolonged terrible  time.  My poison of choice is the same too. I'm proud of you for recognizing the problem and taking steps to solve it.  Iwndwyt friend.
[removed]
My downslide started during an abusive relationship too...What I really truly believe is that alcohol served a very important place for me at that time in my life. When I had no way to escape and no other coping mechanisms I truly do believe that alcohol kept me alive by allowing me to numb out so that I didn't kill myself...What I've realized is that now I am out of that relationship and I've dealt with the aftermath. I've been through therapy and learned better coping mechanisms that really do work if I apply them. Because of my new coping skills and my overall better situation I do not need alcohol to cope with anything that is currently going on in my life. But somehow when I DID need it I came to rely on it so much that now it's hard to get away from. ..I'm only on Day 4 and it kind of scares me to think that I can never ever drink again. That fear is kind of what's driving me to quit - because why in the world should I have so much fear about not doing something that I don't need any more unless I have a problem?..IWNDWYT.
