-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9no5aq/sober_fridays_are_the_hardest/

But if I can just get through them I am usually ok for the weekend. Only on Day 2 (again...) but I already feel much better than yesterday. I'll go home shortly cook a healthy meal and drink tea with hubby. If anyone is struggling not to drink tonight you are not alone! IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Fridays set me up for the weekend and so how well I function on Monday and Tuesday as well...Here's to sober Fridays!
I was literally just saying the same thing to my husband as your post popped up! I am at the end of my Friday and very happy to be going to bed 100 per cent sober. IWNDWYT. 
Yeah they are.  It's basically the only time of the week I think seriously about drinking.  What makes it worse (for me) is that I spend Friday and Saturday nights home alone with the kids as a matter of course.  ..Your plan sounds like a good one.  :)  For myself I'm going to watching cooking shows and crochet a washcloth.
This is only my second Friday. I'm usually binge drinking as soon as I'm off work through to Sunday night. Thanks for your post to keep my focused. I also will not drink with you tonight.
This is my second Friday (Day 11) and much harder than last Friday.  A challenging week at work kids driving me up the wall.  I have been drinking lots of seltzer just trying to make it until the kids are in bed and then witching hour will be over.  Let's hang in there together!
This is my 3rd Friday .Not feeling like a drink but probably would feel it if I was out tonight !.Feeling so much better though from nearly 3cweeks of sobriety and clear heads .Stay strong.Iwndwyt .
And remember how fabulous sober Saturday mornings are! IWNDWYT.
One of my favourite things to do on Friday evening is to wash my bedding with a scent boosting washing tablet dry everything make up the bed and swim in my heaven-smelling sheets. ..After all those occasions where I've woken up with makeup smeared all over my face and pillows with the bedding smelling like purifying fruit and cigarettes there's nothing nicer than cosying up in a gorgeous-smelling fresh bed when you're sober. 
First sober Friday since I can honestly remember Iwndwyt.
Last week was my first sober friday ina  looong time followed by one of my worst 2 day benders on Saturday and Sunday. This week will be different though because i will be sober today that's for damn sure.  IWNDWYT 
A warm tea in the evening always helps me out or even just doing something to keep me busy! ..I always had issues with Fridays that I was alone. This is my first weekend on my own in a long time. It's 9pm where I am right now and I think I'm through the worst of it. IWNDWYT!
Hello I am not struggling. So I hold out my hand as your strength. I will be sober with you. I will not let you fall. ..Your Friend on the road to happy sober destiny John...        
Thank you so so SO much all of you! I'm sipping on an Earl Grey tea here and perusing candidates for an upcoming municipal election. I'm so happy to be having a Sober Friday. I think this is the first Friday I haven't been snarling "OSIFA!" under my breath ("Oh S\*\*\* it's Friday Again!")..I'm able to plan tomorrow's shopping and activities and know I won't bail on absolutely all of them which I would should I drink. Everything else gets left behind - such a stranglehold alcohell has. ..IWNDWYT!
Bake a cake. 
Friday's are tricky for me.  Hard to wind down. My brain is still accustomed to staying up until 2 -3 am I guess.  But Bellator is on tonight so I'm happy
You are not kidding! I remember how many times I quit on a Monday only to drink on Friday. Hang in there. Tomorrow morning you'll be happy you didn't drink! You can enjoy your Saturday hangover free!
Fridays used to be let your hair down and allow yourself even more booze than usual. But now sober Fridays mean early Saturday mornings to enjoy and that is now my favourite time of the week. IWNDWYT  
