-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o2hss/alcohol_causes_so_many_problems_in_my_life_yet_i/

I think I always try to convince my self that it isn't that bad. I feel better and then really want to go out drinking with friends. But the only reason I am feeling better is because I haven't been drinking...Here's some problems alcohol causes me. Some of these issues are quite embarrassing but I am just being honest?..1. Misbehaving. A lot of the time alcohol makes me misbehave when I have drank a lot making me aggressive annoying and a lot I wake up the next day with no knowledge of what happened..2. Worse mental health problems. So for days after I have stopped drinking I become very paranoid anxious and depressed..3. Withdrawal symptoms. A lot of the time I get withdrawal symptoms when I have stopped alcohol that cause me worse anxiety and depression..4. Stomach problems. So I could swear I think I have had gastritis the past two days. I have had on and off stomach problems for years when drinking alcohol. The past two days I have had severe stomach ache and felt very sick..5. Weight problems. So I am on a strict intermittent fasting diet and get great results for weight loss with this. But when I have had a heavy drinking session for literally days later I lay about in bed and always order takeaways and always eat takeaways and rubbish. Usually this lasts for about two to three days of just laying in bed ordering takeaways. ..6. Porn addiction. So many people are not aware of this but years of high speed internet porn is actually causing a lot of issues in your men where they can't get an erection without the high speed internet porn. So when they're with a partner they struggle to get an erection but when they watch masturbate to the porn they can. There is only one cure for this stop watching the porn. But it is very difficult and it takes a long time away from the porn to get your sexual functioning back to normal. I do great staying away from it when I am not drinking alcohol. But when hungover from alcohol I go in to extreme porn binges for days when I am laying about in bed literally just watching porn and masturbating all day for two to three days in a row...So yeah this is a list of reasons why I feel like I need to stop drinking all together. 
----------immediate responses--------

Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Alcohol abuse is so often a part of a larger problem - a self medicating of fears self esteem and other issues.  ..Alcohol abuse often gives us things to  legitimately be afraid/ashamed of.  It does nasty things to our bodies and our thinking...Sometimes we need some professional help as we transition from the shitstorm to recovery...  I used AA in addition.  There are many paths I hope you find yours... 
You have an illness (or illnesses) which can be addressed with medical treatment and therapy...Alcoholism has been considered a disease by the AMA since 1953.  Also it's very possible you have clinical depression which should be evaluated first by a medical professional...Counseling could help you get to the root of underlying psychological problems.  You can turn off the "faucet" of alcohol but being dry doesn't mean all the problems go away.  I've known several people who strong-armed themselves into not drinking (my grandfather was one) but was still a mess.  He raged smoked too much ate too much ran with whores etc.  (He also died young.)..There is no shame in seeking help.  Please consider reaching out.  AA and counseling along with medical treatment (I was addicted and needed detox plus I was just plain sick) helped save me.  I couldn't do it alone.  About 99.9% of us can't so don't think you're a failure for being unable to overcome these things on your own...Good luck to you.
