-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o6shd/3_years_sober_and_really_struggling_tested_the/

I have been sober 3 years.  Things were looking up when all the sudden  I started finding it harder and harder to find feelings for my girlfriend.  She is a sweet person but we share no interests now that I don't party.  She and her 2 daughters have lived with me for 3 years.  The daughters are 9 and 11 and really difficult to be around.  She is too nice to them and won't discipline them so it is non stop drama yelling and competition for attention.  They are good when it is just me in the house but as soon as mom comes home I want to run out the front door. Their dad is a disneyland dad and hung the moon while I'm the mean old step dad.  Because of my schedule I only get a break from them every other weekend.  I have found my social life has almost disappeared and my job pays pretty good but is just a robotic unfulfilling groundhog day.  I am pretty sure I am suffering from depression.  I am very active and healthy.  Between my romantic life social life and job I am miserable and want to start all over.  Recently I decided that I would like to celebrate an 3 day endurance race with some beers.  1 month later and I am drinking beers every day I'm not working.  Clearly there will never be a happy medium for me.  It seems that when I was learning and working at rediscovering a sober me I was in discovery.  Now that my life has changed to a sober one where the world doesn't revolve around booze I'm dealing with depression like never before.  Can anyone relate?  Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I can totally relate man although I don't think I can offer any advice...I've been struggling for a while with alcoholism and I've got it down to one day a week. I'm working things out with my kid's mom. She was gone for 7 years doing drugs. Now that she is back the kids think she hung the moon. She doesn't work and even the simplest of tasks I give here like cleaning the bathroom never get done. What's worse is my family think it's absolutely wonderful that she is back and she can do no wrong...I know the situations aren't exactly the same but I totally feel you. It's really easy to slip back into it. While I don't have any advice to give you except maybe to leave her and start over I can say that it isn't worth it to lose your sobriety. 
I was unhappier at three years sober than I was in the first year in recovery. I ended up seeing a trauma specialist in 2016 and got a real diagnosis of PTSD - there was a moment last year when I was unpacking some absolute trauma that I was very close to picking up. ..On my knees praying close. ..I would encourage you to seek professional help and amp up your recovery support team. If you never went to aa or Smart recovery now might be a good time to engage with that added help. ..I didn't get sober to live a half life - I want a juicy whole hearted life. But I can't afford to take my alcoholism for granted. The longer I stay sober the closer I can feel how easy picking up could be. It's everywhere and I've seriously forgotten how bad it was to drink against my will. ..I'm around if you want to chat. ..
Lose the women and kids. She is ruining your life. ..
Whether your job and wife and step kids suck or not your drinking and flirting with that life again can only stand to make them all seem suckeir. ..Maybe it's not all them.
