-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o7vdh/emotional_day_1/

Hi there I'm new to reddit as well SD.  I don't even really know what the purpose of this post is.  I'm 31 and realized last night that I think I have a problem with drinking and only over the past year.  It's weird because it's only wine I struggle with - I don't reach for liquor or beer if there is no wine in the house and even if I have a beer I may have one or two but wine I have trouble stopping once I start.  Maybe it's associated with comfort.  It's all confusing right now but I know I have to be mindful and make a significant change - alcoholism is all over both sides of my family and I'm afraid to end up in that boat disappointing everyone I love and myself.  I'm scared of damaging my body and ruining my health.  I was always afraid of struggling with addiction and never thought I'd be sitting here admitting to myself I have addictive tendencies.  Anyway I am glad I found this group.  Here's to recovery and mindfulness.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm glad you are here with us.  This group helped me get sober and change my life for the better.  I wish you healing and peace! One day at a time it gets better. IWNDWYT 
Go to meetings and get a sponsor.  I'm 6 months 6 days sober after years of heavy drinking..I couldn't have gotten this far without taking those steps. One day at a time!
Welcome!  I too had a specific addiction to wine. Hit me much later in life than you. I went to outpatient rehab and that really helped me. I also still see my therapist from rehab. You have to do what you feel is right for you in terms of sobriety support.  Best wishes..
I'm so glad you're here! I know today it may feel crazy or strange or scary to be at day 1. Trust me that it gets easier and that sobriety is so worth the challenge. I drank for most of my 20s without thinking I had a problem and then bam! Shit changed consequences started piling up I could recognize the sign of cravings and I just couldn't stop. I was in denial of my alcoholism for about a year and finally one night I was like  I have to stop. I don't know how  That's when I asked for help. I joined a recovery community that fit me and also spent a lot of time on SD. ..I had a pretty low bottom. I was in the best job of my life (major tech company). I had a good salary and money in the bank. I didn't have any DUIs or criminal record. But I knew I was just as fucked up as anyone could be with a drinking problem. It only was going to get worse. ..I'm so glad I got sober. I am learning who I really am for the first time in my adult life (28). ..Keep at it. Stay on this sub. You can do it. ..IWNDWYT 
[removed]
