-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o8ru5/struggling_with_knowing_the_last_time_i_drank/

I know drinking itself isn't great the slightest. I despise it.. yet can't stop. I'll get to two weeks then go straight back to square one. Something mentally says to me  don't you want the last time you drink to be awesome  but then I guess if it was awesome I wouldn't be in a situation where I want to quit... anyone else struggle with anything similar to this?
----------immediate responses--------

Romanticizing alcohol in any way will not help me at all.  Do I want the last time I have sex with an abusive partner to be awesome?  Maybe I should do it one more time so that I have a better memory of that relationship?  Nope not gonna help me.  ..There are a million ways that one can rationalize having a drink.  The thing that worked for me is to say nope not one sip not ever no matter what..
I was attached to the idea that drinking was fun.  It stopped being fun.  Once it stopped being fun it was not fun again. I chased that idealized idea of drinking for years. Finally through a lot of work I was able to let go of alcohol.  Then I found freedom. In sobriety I can have a good time again. ..Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
Whenever I planned ahead to stop I'd always finding myself buying and drinking way more since it was going to be the "last hurrah." And then I wouldn't actually quit when the excuse du jour presented itself. ..This time is different. I can honestly say I don't remember my last drink. Not because I was blackout but because I hadn't planned for it to be and there wasn't anything special about it. I decided after having already finished drinking that night that I wasn't happy and wanted to be done and so far it has stuck...You are right that if your "last time" is fun you won't want to stop. But I know people whose last time is because something terrible happened or they were told they would die if they continued. It's a roll of the dice the longer we go. I'm happy with the middle ground; nothing special but no dramatic tragic event either. If what you are trying isn't working don't be afraid to change it up! 
It's just your addiction trying to keep a hold on you.
Nobody goes out on a winning streak...
I did my 'last hoorah' drinking a thousand times. ..My last experience drinking was waking up at around 2am after passing out at 7:30pm after a family meal where I was wasted after drinking wine all day...I swallowed a few mouthfuls and waited for the headache to ease off and my hands to stop shaking. I was dreading going into work in eight hours time because I knew I would get a bollocking over my drinking. I was done feom that moment...I don't really care that my last drink was a pathetic display instead of a night of drinking and laughter. It doesn't matter. All I care about is this time it clicked. 
