-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oa4d3/this_is_why_you_dont_try_to_get_support_in/

Boy am I glad to have this sub! So I tried to kind of *casually* ask my friends list on Facebook if anyone was doing "Sober October" just for curiosity and discussion and I pretty much got laughed off stage so to speak. ..For reference I've been sober 3.5 years (1383 days to be exact from new years day) and only some of the people who responded to my post know that. It's a good reminder that even people like me with years of sobriety will still have times we struggle and may need others to lean on for strength in their decisions and conviction. Facebook I've learned is NOT one of those places. I'm quite disappointed and disheartened and it makes me feel kinda lonely like I'm the only sober one among my friends. Like not one positive comment. So it's good to come to places like this where people can see where you are coming from. I was going to post the post I made with comments (with information blurred of course) but this is my first time posting and it said links were not allowed. So let me know if anyone is interested in seeing the comments or if I can post it...So my internet friends IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah you could link screenshot(s) here in the comments.  I'm curious... are these actual *friends* or just FB "friends"?
Omgggfggdddghjklldas I really hate Facebook. It was honestly one of the most freeing things to finally get rid of it for real. No one (at least in my circle) was ever really saying anything of note. ..It IS great to have this sub though. I'm a big fan as well!
I also dislike Facebook and try my hardest not to look at it anymore. I only keep it now to send private messages to some of my friends and family who live in different countries. ..I know if I did as you did I would have had exactly the same types of replies so you're definitely not alone there. And luckily you're not alone here either. I've been struggling a little lately and this place is like a breath of fresh air for me when I'm feeling down...And for the record yes! I am doing sober October. Happy to be doing it and happy to see others are too.
Anyone who had posted "yes me" would have had their post seen by all of your friends. People might not have been ready to out themselves in that way or to admit they had a problem to a bunch of random strangers or acquaintances who hadn't earned the right to hear their story. Especially perhaps since you didn't share your own story there so no one know what the context of the post was. ..So they didn't want to seek support in an unsupportive place either. ..I wonder what the result might have been if you had shared your own story and then told people that you would be happy to talk to them more about it via private message or next time you saw them. Or even just linked to some resources you found helpful so that they could have begun their journey privately and on their own time. 
I'm glad you're Sober !!   And me too !!
My friend Well done on your time sober...Yes we do need and I most certainly will always need help and support. Only 1 alcoholic understands another. This is exactly what AA was built upon. 1 sober alcoholic helping another. And the fact that to keep it we must give it away. (Help another)..Keep your face book friends but never expect them to understand...Your Friend John.        
