-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oepvi/i_am_afraid/

Hi all! Some of you may recognize me. I've been a stopdrinking regular and a chronic relapser for a couple of years or so.  .My most recent relapse came at the head of a breakup in June/July. I won't bother with the details of the relapse as it's the same old song: "I can control my drinking. It will make me feel better. Who cares anyway?"..I'm scared because I'm afraid of withdrawals. I'm sure some of you are familiar with kindling which is a term to denote withdrawals that get progressively worse with each successive quit. Well I've become quite familiar with kindling and I had never expected it.   .In my past quits I always used the "taper" method. I'm now unable to do that because I can't seem to control my thirst after the first drink.   .I don't typically drink more than a six-pack at night. I don't have health insurance and can't afford to see a doctor.   .I guess I'm just asking for some support because I am afraid and I need you guys.   .I won't drink with you just for today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there I just wanted to say you're not alone. And I that I understand your fear...I really wish I could offer you some practical advice as to where to seek help in your situation but I'm not from the US. I'm sure you'll get other comments though...Hang in there **&lt;3**
Could you go to the ER? You wouldn't have to pay anything. They can get you set up and maybe even offer some help. You don't need to pay up front and after you can apply for charity as the hospital has programs to help in these cases. I know where I work at the hospital will let you stay in treatment until you are passed the critical stage and then set you up with meds for the month with a referral to a doctor. You just ask for a psychological assessment/counselor and let them know you need help.  
I am not far into my journey but I feel you. I could never taper. I was a 12 to 15 beer a night drinker and I just had to quit. I did not have any of the physical withdrawals (lucky I guess).  So I would say do what you feel you need to do and listen to your body. If you quit and get withdrawals go to the hospital.  Sending good vibes your way. 
Where would you get the money to drink if you were still drinking? Can any of this money be accessed to go to a clinic or urgent care center? Have you called around to a few places to find out how much the actual visits cost? ..A lot of people find comfort in going to AA meetings. They are free and you might find in person support from people who have been where you are and might have local resources for you for getting help. ..Good luck. 
I was almost up to 15 beer a day and physically I didn't experience withdrawals. Just very very weird dreams. Drink lots of water if you can live hour to hour. Stay busy. Im almost back to 6 a day but not today! Im here with ya! Hope you can find some advice for local help for you :) 
I was drinking at least a bottle of wine a night and just had insane night sweats. 8 days in and I'm still getting them but that's it! Same thing with my partner he'd drink ~6 bottles of beer plus ~6 double bourbon and cokes and he also only had night sweats and an upset tummy. Everyone is different try not to let withdrawal fear hold you back. 
It's not guaranteed that you will experience withdrawals especially at relatively low levels of consumption. Do you experience symptoms when you stop?
I don't have anything to say that hasn't already been said. Please go to ER if anything feels amiss. I am so sorry you're going through this hell. I see you posted this 10 hours ago. Hopefully by the time I'm writing this you are getting some relief. ..We're all here for you Omish. Take it one hour or even one minute at a time. You deserve to be free. I'm out here in Minnesota not drinking with you.
