-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oh53d/day_3/

Hello! Day 3 for me today! HURRAH! in the last three months the longest ive gone is 6 days off it. Ive been drinking 3 bottles of wine a day - and its not not not been fun. I think the last bender has been about two or three weeks solid of drinking every day. Disgusting. I am overweight seriously now. Anyway. Its been sweats and weird dreams for the past few nights. Feeling exhausted. Some days my mind is so so negative I can see why I end up picking up!..I'm a little scared as tomorrow I have to go to a course - and there is this f'ing pub on the way home - and its a bit of a trigger. I'm scared im going to go in it. Anyway - I live in the UK and surrounded by pubs so I guess things like that are always going to be there. Today Ive had someone text me 'asking if I want to go the pub' despite him knowing (he doesnt know me that well) that ive been to rehab.. I find that hard - I suggested we go to the gym. ..Two friends have called me up. Both struggle with alcohol. One was wasted and depressed. She only calls me when she's relapsing - and I always answer. I guess cos I am usually struggling myself. Misery does like company right?..The other lady - said she was only going to just drink on weekends - but of course 'it's really hard to stop'. It was kinda depressing talking to them both. I'm really tired of alcohol and tired of being surrounded by people who drink. This is my own fault. But even if I go to college - I'm dreading them having a 'social' night. ..Anyway that hasn't happened yet. I just want to get away from this dark substance. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of spending all my money on it- having blackouts. I wonder if I go back to it because of my self destructive streak. ..&amp;#x200B;..Anyway - I'm super happy about three days. THREE DAYS YAY. I thought this binge was never going to end. Dear God please let me continue on the right path tomorrow. ..&amp;#x200B;..Night y'all... 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done I'm also in UKon day 2 myself...we can do it ! IWNDWYT
Nice work!..One day at a time.
Good luck in my experience the first week was rough but the journey does get easier. 
I'm on day 3 as well!!! I had at least two bottles of wine every second night.  So tonight Iwndwyt! On to day four together!!!  
