-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oihta/it_can_be_done_8_12_months_sober_when_i_used_to/

Last year after 3 months of inpatient and 5 months outpatient I relapsed the day before my 8 month sober anniversary...Now I'm over 8 months and it's the longest period of sobriety in my adult life.  The difference this time around is the program I'm working.  I am doing AA but I'm also attending Wellbriety which is the Native American version of the 12 steps...I'm also in a DBT and addiction outpatient program which can be as long or longer than 12 months.  I'm 5 months into it and it's incredible!  Everyone should do DBT!..I'm not working while I'm doing this even though it's only 3 days a week for 3 hours a day.  I've been recommended not to work while I'm still in early recovery...Instead I volunteer for Open Arms which is a nonprofit that makes and delivers meals to people with life threatening illnesses...I also do street outreach with Natives Against Heroin at a homeless encampment...I'm doing emdr therapy to help recover from some ptsd...I attend ceremonies and sweat lodge.  Work the steps with all honesty and surround myself with women with lots of recovery...I still have my down moments. Still get sad sometimes but life is a lot better now and I'm starting to feel positive about the future...Miss you all and wish you the absolute best!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your success and IWNDWYT!
WAY TO GO!!! That is awesome. You are an inspiration - keep it up - happy to not drink with you!!!!
What a beautiful way to get sober.  I'm very happy for you and your progress   congratulations on 8.5 months!!! 
Joining you in the 8 month club today!
Congratulations.  Sounds like you have had a rough go but sounds like you are doing great...You can do this!
You are working an amazing program. Someone once helped me understand my relapses. She said  you need your chair to have three legs. Meetings/community service work and a connection with a higher power.  For me personally it's so true. In all of my relapses I had dropped one of those legs and fallen on my ass. You are giving back so you can keep what you've found and that's awesome. Congrats!
Hello A big hug from Australia. ..I am a  big believer in AA.  It was a huge part of my recovery...Well done on 8 1/2 months.  ..1 day at a time I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John         
@ OP: You should be very proud. You are navigating new territory and maximizing resources. That's good work. You are still learning something precious and delicate. You are learning who you really are. Listen to the voice of your conscience. If something makes you uncomfortable figure out why and address it. If something makes you feel good do more of it. ..Smile. No that's not a  dumb exhortation to make a mindless gesture to please a stranger. Smiling in connected to the pleasure center of the brain and a smile actually sets up a weak counter-pulse *back* to the pleasure center. So even if you're not *doing* better you're *feeling* better. Try it. Real smile.....IWNDWYT
Congratulations!  
