-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9opqwe/three_weeks_today/

The first time I got drunk was when I was 13 and I continued drinking socially throughout both high school and college. It wasn't until my late 20's after a couple concussions and a nasty breakup of a long-term relationship that alcohol began to be a negative influence.  I still held down full-time jobs and had hobbies and friends but drinking started to become a default when I was bored or stressed out from work.  I've never considered myself an alcoholic since I've been able to quit at various times with no issue but the thing is I LIKE to drink and once I get started I have a real hard time stopping  I don't seem to be the type that can just have one beer.  Accepting that was a big step for me as I'd always told myself I was in control of my drinking.  I've realized I'd basically been self-medicating  to help quell my anxiety and  quiet my mind.   The irony is that it was actually doing the opposite; making my anxiety worse and amplifying negative thoughts causing me act out in ways I never would sober. ..Three weeks ago I decided to quit drinking for a while (possibly for good) change my habits and put a renewed focus on my mental and physical health. I'm going to bed at a decent time getting up early in the morning then exercising and doing some writing first thing and when I feel the urge to drink I'm trying to do something productive whether it's simply cleaning the house or working on one of my hobbies. In that time I've lost 10 pounds my blood pressure is back at a normal range and I haven't had a single emotional outburst. I've still had moments of anxiety sadness anger etc. but it hasn't spiraled into a meltdown my entire demeanor is much more relaxed.  I can already tell I'm leaning less towards wanting to drink as a default just by breaking the daily habit and how much better I feel overall (especially not being hungover) has been huge in keeping me motivated. I really appreciate having this sub as a place to vent listen and hear others stories big thanks to everyone. Reading about other struggles and successes inspired me to really consider my relationship to alcohol and write my own  sobriety story.  Here's to another three weeks!.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go!  ..IWNDWYT 
I was in the same boat. I started drinking at 13 and when I started drinking it was hard for me to stop I justvreally enjoyed drinking. I am almost 60 days sober this time around and it is a struggle but I know it will be worth it for myelf and my family to never go back to drinking!..Congratulations on your success so far! Hope things continue to go well for you!
Well done keep at it!
It feels like you're telling the story of my Life! Also started this early used it as a coping mechanism for depression and anxiety and I could never just have one beer. Always got out of hand..Congratulations on the three weeks!.IWNDWYT :)
Great post and congratulations - great progress!
Don't let me pass you brother 1 day at time &lt;3
...are you me? Also congrats on the three weeks!!
