-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oqexn/somewhat_joyless/

Hi All. I check in here almost every day but don't post too often. I've been sober four months now... I'm 30 and excluding the days I spent in the hospital I don't think I managed more than 10 total sober days in the last decade+. I have a good job great relationship get along with my family etc. I quit mostly for health reasons and because I was just feeling frustrated glum and altogether not enjoying my life. So four months is pretty great..    .At first I was feeling overwhelmingly positive about sobriety. Being sober was a victory in and of itself and I lost about 20lbs and hit my target weight. I felt such a sense of accomplishment and pride I was absolutely gobsmacked by the thought that i could be disciplined and just reveled in that feeling. That lasted about 2 months..    .For the last two months its kind of just been inertia. I think the thing that I find most difficult the thing I was hoping would change most of all when I got sober was that i rarely if ever feel joy. I am happy that a lot of my self-loathing and a certain amount of stress and anxiety have waned. Particularly the self-loathing as the latter was never a huge issue for me. But boy did I think of myself as a worthless piece of shit when I was drinking. That has improved a lot I feel a lot more confident and generally better about myself and I know it is important to not lose sight of lose gains. But the problem is that my gains all feel like the absence of a negative rather than the discovery or unfolding of something positive..    .When I first quit I told my self that I spent 10+ years creating neural pathways and reward/feedback loops that flood my brain with dopamine when I drink and otherwise starve and depress the chemicals that make a person feel good. I told myself it would take a long time to build up new pathways and that I had to be patient. But damn at 4 months it is getting hard to keep waiting. No matter how good things are its damn hard mustering anything more than a vaguely-positive neutral feeling..    .Is this something other people are struggling with? Or have gotten past? I know I should be thankful that I have a great career financial security loving partner and altogether pretty nice life... there is just such a disconnect between my objective reality and my feelings. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Our brains take a really long time to heal. I felt pretty flat until about 6 months...then I started getting little "blips" of happiness here and there. Even at my one year mark I had a case of PAWS where I experienced a week or two of depression and anxiety very similar to how I felt when I first quit...to the point where I started questioning if this was all worth it. It wasn't until about 15 or 16 months was when I started really feeling *good* for extended periods of time. As I approach my 2 year mark in a couple of days I can say with 100% certainty that I am feeling better than I ever have. Considering that I abused the shit out of alcohol for nearly 20 solid years waiting over a year to start feeling back to normal was a small price to pay. Everyone is different.    .Daily meditation and exercise have played a crucial role in rebuilding those neural pathways and getting those happy juices flowing. The good news is that for every day you don't drink you will take one small step forward to feeling better. Hang in there. IWNDWYT
It does take a while to equilibrate those pathways.......Something that I found accelerates that process is engaging in "esteemable" acts....  doing something for someone else...Volunteering is one way.  Helping a another person stay sober works as well.
Sorry you're struggling with this. I did too and still do. I can only tell you how it was for me: basically unbeknownst to me i'd been drinking for like 25 years to cover up the terrible messages I absorbed in childhood. Once the drinking stopped the messages were very loud and needed dealing with. I'm by no means fixed but I give myself better messages now. Like I say that's just how it was for me. Good luck. 
Have you considered therapy? CBT is a great way to retrain neural pathways. 
