-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ot3dq/i_relapsed_after_8_days_my_husband_says_it_doesnt/

The title says a lot. I've been sober 8 days. That's the longest in 4 years. He's so angry with me and I have a hard time talking to him because he doesn't believe I can stay sober at all. I feel so heartbroken. I relapsed tonight but I didn't get drunk. I told him I had beer when I came home.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it
Successive approximations. Keep trying until it sticks. Hopefully he will understand that you need his love and support and that the road to quitting is rarely a straight line. You can do this and your 8 days sober cannot be taken away from you. 
I had to get rid of all the alcohol in the house. I'm just not that strong...
I put my husband through a lot during my drinking and figured out when it was almost too late that I couldn't rely on him for my primary support in sobriety. My husband is a normie and has a totally normal (and to me weird) relationship with alcohol. Just like he doesn't understand how I drink I don't understand how he drinks either. .I had to find a support group of fellow alcoholics in recovery to be my primary support for my sobriety. I realized it wasn't fair or productive to expect him to understand what I was going through and how hard it is. 
Doesn't count for what?  The only way you can prove to him you can stay sober is to stay sober..
I definitely understand the temptation (so much so you need to ignore my badge) but those were 8 days of you succeeding. 8 days of feeling better each day that fell into place one after the other. 8 days to remind you that you can do this for another 8. I'm proud of your relapse being a single beer. I just screwed up my 10 day streak I was so proud up until then. It's like those 10 days made my relapse more severe than my problem even was before. Hoping I can restart the clock by sunrise...So anyway I'm proud of your 8 days what is (compareably to me!) a very minor relapse. Restart that clock and shake it off my friend you've got this. 
