-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ot7az/having_trouble/

I have been struggling with alcohol for several years. The past 2 years have gotten worse. I drink almost every day. I especially like drinking alone. I try very hard to cut back but I always find myself with a drink at the end of the night. I feel guilty and like a failure. I lie about how much I drink. My habits so far have not jeopardized my job but I know eventually it will. I never usually drive drunk but it does happen and I haven't gotten a DUI... yet. Many of my romantic relationships have failed due to drinking. Sometimes it feels like I chose my isolation and whiskey over any person of interest. I'm scared to tell any of my friends or family. No one knows how much or how often I actually drink; and I think that is how I know this is becoming a problem. ..I decided this morning I was not going to have a drink tonight. Now I am home from work going to try to think of anything else besides alcohol!..I've been trying to come here more because it seems like a beautiful community. Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I'm just getting back at it as well. IWNDWYT
Bro you got this one day at a time or even 30 seconds at a time. Just think of all of us rooting for you to escape.
You are in the right place! Welcome! Been in you shoes few days ago. And got me thinking. There is no special formula. Plain focus on a single day. Today. Present is what we have control and choice. One day at a time. ..There are a bunch of resources. This naked mind and alcohol explained are great books. Also listening to podcast helped a lot. Exercising seems to make miracles. And the cravings of first few days i've overcame stuffing my face with food and sweets. ..Also YouTube have few interesting vlogers and ted as per below. .https://www.ted.com/talks/johann_hari_everything_you_think_you_know_about_addiction_is_wrong/up-next?language=en..So here you go. Good luck!
I resonate with the drinking alone and daily. I too have not let on to husband/family/friends how I am struggling...Power through! I believe in you.
My wife had no idea how bad it was until we did some cleaning this weekend and she found all the bottles I'd hide all over the house in strategic places so she wouldn't know I was drinking or how much. I can relate to the drinking alone too because I'd do that all day while she was at work (I work from home). Just keep coming here and don't drink. Just for today.  
