-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ounva/my_eldest_brother_died_14_years_ago_today_from/

I gave up 6 weeks ago after 20years of binge drinking. It's been tough but today realising what alcohol has taken from me has made the decision so much more rewarding. I did stop last year for awhile but relapsed. Been a father of three I won't let it take me from my children. 
----------immediate responses--------

Quitting drinking was the best thing I've ever done. I wish you strength and happiness :)
I'm sorry to hear about your brother.  I also didn't want my family to lose me to that vicious poison.  I'm so happy to no longer put my family through that stress.  Good on you for getting sober and healthy for your family.  You won't regret it!  
Sad story the best decision 
So sorry you lost your brother. I am 43 so this hits home. Love and strength to you.
Im sorry for your loss. I wish you luck on your sober journey! Keep reading here use AA. We cant do this alone. I will not drink with you. 
As the child of an alcoholic the scene you described above was my biggest fear. Sometimes he would disappear for weeks and I wondered if he'd killed himself with alcohol. Thank you for ensuring your children don't have to worry about that. I will not drink with you today. 
Tragic....thoughts with you.
I'm so sorry for your loss. 
Hello my friend. ..Big hugs. You have gone through so much...Losing a brother and heading down the path yourself...It talks in AA text it is cunning baffling and powerful...It certainly is. See a family member. I am too good. Our thinking is totally out of whack...Well done my friend. You can read this and need never drink again...One day at a time. Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves me today. 1 day I have to stay sober.  ..If a day is too much 1 hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..I am here for you my friend...Take care. Your Friend John         
I found the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace on Audible.  It's been awesome    I even listened to it while I slept.  Kinda a subconscious meditation.  Try it.  STAY STRONG   
I'm so sorry for your loss. So glad you're giving up the poison. Now you can really be there for your kids! I'm 42 so I needed to hear this - can't imagine dying at my age. So tragic. I won't drink with you today!
IWNDWYT 
Thanks everyone for your kind words and support. I even turned down a drink offered to me yesterday and relaxed with a friend who was drinking and didn't feel tempted. Felt like a huge turning point feel stronger more resolved 
Sorry you have had to struggle through the loss of your brother...I too have lost family close to me from unhealthy life choices...We can make better choices...I'm not joining the masses/asses in the drinking contest surrounding me...I don't care how desirable others try to make alcoholic beverages...What could be more refreshing than a citrus soda water?..I have found it very helpful for me to have a daily badge to remind me how many days sober I have been...Here's the link: [http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/)
