-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oylnd/wellback_at_it/

It has been a rough couple of weeks to say the least....and yep I looked to my old friend wine to help which it didn't I knew it wouldn't...but I am struggling to keep it together in general. My son who is a darling 7 year old has ASD and now experincing anxiety at school due to him falling behind adds that too the mix and I as a mother have emotionally been spiraling. We now had a plethera of psycological testing for him etc.... This is as hard as it gets and on top of it my husband seems to want to avoid me at all costs because I am fundamentally at rock bottom emotionally....I needed to vent.....thank you for being here
----------immediate responses--------

I too have a special needs child. I understand the stress working through all the growing up issues and the desperate desire to make it ok for them. What I know now that I did not before is that alcohol does nothing to fix anything for them our relationship with our spouse or ourselves. Be strong and fight it today. One day at a time. IWNDWYT
I'm sorry you're dealing with this. That sounds really rough. I lost a family member this week and was desperate for a drink to smooth all the jagged emotions I was feeling. I knew I was dependent on alcohol but I was shocked when I realized this was the first real intense bout with grief and sadness I've had to deal with sober...I was ill-equipped to deal with it to say the least. But even in my sorry state I was still better off than I had been in the past when I drank to combat every negative emotion I felt (and unknowingly made those situations worse). Sobriety hasn't made me any less vulnerable to sadness and grief as it turns out. I'm glad I faced grief down this week with sober eyes though. I owed it to her and I owed it to my family members that needed emotional support just like I did. ..Sorry for rambling myself. I'm sad and it was nice to type this out. I guess the TL;DR version of what I'm saying is 'being sober left me in a better position to deal with grief and helped me help my loved ones deal with the loss as well.'  I hope you find some relief and support. 
Glad you are back.   I hope u can stay on track.  Mother to mother men can't handle these situations as well as women.  They just want to fix things.   A mom knows u just need to love yourself and your son &amp; your husband.   None of us are perfect. Unconditional Love brings happiness which = success.   U got this. 
