-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ozarr/one_year/

A year ago to the day I made a single profound change in my life: I decided that I no longer drink...I've debated posting about this here but it's something I'm proud of and I hope it can help someone else. It's a long one...Anyone who has known me for any given amount of time knows I struggled with moderation. It's an understatement. When I started drinking I didn't know how to stop I didn't want to stop. Drinking integrated into most parts of my life everything became a good reason to drink. Social events work events celebrations Tuesdays blowing off steam watching a hockey game train trips catching up with a friend...They were almost always followed by mornings of anxiety shame doubt and dry mouth. What had I said last night? What bullshit did I weave? What terrible joke did I say to the wrong person? Had I put myself or others in danger?..A year ago today I thought that if I didn't stop I wouldn't remember my brother's wedding. The thought was followed immediately by a heaving messy cry of catharsis like a car had finally been lifted off of my soul. ..In the more recent past I tried setting rules. No drinking this month. No drinking alone. No drinking on weeknights. I'd exert so much energy trying not to drink every evening there was no time to do anything else. Without fail it would fail. I'd slip back into old habits. Okay it's fine to drink alone if I'm catching a game. Okay it's cool to have a drink if I'm on a train. Well just one because today was pretty hard. I knew moderation would never work for me it had failed too many times before...So drinking was no longer an option for me...All the fears that had prevented me from stopping for years dissipated in the first few months. The people who I love supported me unequivocally. Every single loved one and acquaintance. I feared that alcohol was a defining part of who I was but the core of me was still there. After practice social events were still enjoyable!..I suddenly had a LOT of free time to think. I had to unlearn a lot of habits and thought patterns an ongoing project. I had to learn how to channel and process my stress and anger with my go-to coping mechanism of 10 years removed. I had to say no to an inner voice every day for months a voice that still tries to convince me to have a drink once in a while. I'll probably always have to...I'm learning that not drinking won't solve all my problems. It's brought to light a cycle of highs and lows that I need to seek professional help for. It's likely a condition that I was attempting to self-medicate for with booze simultaneously hidden by it...One single thing was standing in the way of so many things that I wanted. To be a great partner to the love of my life to be excellent at my job to be the good friend I know I can be...I've regained my ambitions. I've saved sooo much money (to be spent elsewhere...) I've begun restrengthening my relationships. My job is no longer in jeopardy. 25 pounds lost despite the ice cream that replaced the cravings. My existence is infinitely more enjoyable...I did it one day at a time every day with the support of my loved ones (which I'll forever be grateful for). With the encouragement of those who walked the path before me and this wonderful online community of people who share the same experiences I do...So that's the first year. Feels like we're just getting started...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Feels like we're just getting started!  And what a ride.  Congratulations on one year of freedom!!!    
[removed]
Solid post. Your observations and experiences put me at an odd ease over the uncertain future. Thank you...IWNDWYT
Congratulations! Feels great not to be a slave to alcohol anymore.  :)
Congrats!..&gt;I knew moderation would never work for me..Same here. Happy to be sober today with you :).
Congratchulayshuns on a friggin year homie! Have some gourmet ice cream for this milstone! 
Congratulations on your daily success story 
Thanks for sharing and congrats to you. I can really relate to this even the taking up eating ice cream!!
Congratulations. Stay strong stay vigilant be aware. ODAAT.
