-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p2xeh/big_party_weekend_with_the_boys_coming_up/

So a bit of background: I am 21 year old college student. I'd venture a guess that I am not in the typical demographic of this sub. I decided to quit drinking after years of watching my mom struggle with alcoholism and a few years of my own problems trying to drown my depression. As of now I am 45 days sober. ..Anyway this weekend I will be visiting some friends at another school. This is a trip we planned many months ago as a big blowout for our senior year. There's a big football game and most of our planned activities center around binge drinking and other reckless consumption of intoxicants. I love these guys and I still really want to have a good time. I just don't know how to tell them I quit drinking or how to defuse the peer pressure. I've found so much strength in the victories of the members of this sub. Any advice or tips or well wishes are appreciated. And of course IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos on 45 days sober!    ..The painful truth is so early in sobriety going to such an event would not have been safe for me. I understand these are your friends and you want to be with them however. ..Tell them. My true friends accepted and respected my decision not to drink. Sadly I learned that some who I thought were friends were really just drinking buddies. The people who bugged or teased me the most about my decsion often had their own problems with alcohol. ..In early sobriety alcohol was still too powerful and I was too fragile to be around anyone who abused alcohol. I was much older than you are when I got sober so I probably would have not gone to such an event. However I know you are planning to attend.  ..Some things that help are: ..* Being honest with your friends about your decision not to drink .   alcohol. .* Keeping a non-alcoholic beverage in-hand at all times. This .   inhibits others from offering alcohol. .* Having your own transportation so you can leave if stressed and .   others are over-drinking. ..As for peer pressure...this will certainly test you. All you have to say is "No thanks." ..I hope you have a good time and stay safe. ..You can also stay in touch with reddit while you're there. ...
Haha I think you'll find that this sub is insanely diverse actually! Alcoholism cuts across all lines socioeconomic gender race. Congrats on 45 days!..A few things that may help you:..\--I found that people NEVER cared about me not drinking as much as I thought they would. People accept all kinds of reasons for not drinking (big day tomorrow feel sick on meds etc.) and often they don't even notice or think to ask...\--I skipped most events like this when I was very new. Not every event - went to a wedding when I had 54 days - but events that "center around binge drinking and other reckless consumption of intoxicants" - I skipped it. I know that would likely feel very disappointing to you. But for me I was desperate to stay sober I would have done anything to stay sober. It was worth it in the long run...\--If you must go: have an easy exit plan (your own car and don't offer to drive anyone there or back); stay in constant contact with sober friends; have a plan to go to an AA meeting every day...I'd skip it to be totally honest. Just doesn't seem worth it and you won't have fun if they're all looking to get wasted. Or I'd go and leave early when the drinking started. Good luck!
You know how we tell kids  that spider is way more afraid of you than you are of it! It is tiny you're huge! .Just remember that if you feel awkward around them and they are drinking it is not because YOU feel awkward. The uneasiness is coming from them. By NOT drinking you are making them feel stressed about their poor choices judged by someone who is uninhibited and tons of cognitive dissonance. You are not afraid of them they are afraid of you. They are tiny you are huge. Do not give in! 
I avoided such events in my early days of quitting alcohol as I didn't know exactly how I would react...However if you decide to go keep this in mind.  The awkwardness of you refusing drinks will only last the first few minutes not the whole event.  Once you refuse the first few drink offers they will likely take you seriously and let it go...It's very possible you will have an even better time by not drinking.  This is especially true the next morning when you wake up clear-minded and without a hangover.  And the ability to remember everything that happened...If you get past this event without drinking it will be a major victory for you.
I was relapsing every time when i tought i will be safe at a party. After a couple of months its gets easier but still risky :) ..After a year for me its not a problem at all if aomeone drinks next to me.
If it were me I'd cancel. My sobriety is too important to me to jeopardize it and that's okay. You gotta do what's best for you. ..Wish I had more to share. 
I feel man. I am a 20 year old college student with 52 days of sobriety. Similar advice as to others that I have used big one is being honest. Simply tell them you're not drinking either they are good friends and they'll respect it.....or they won't respect it and might require some looking at that relationships future. Definitely have an escape plan for if you're feeling overwhelmed or a strong urge to drink I have put myself in situations without an escape and quickly folded because I didn't want to be stuck there and remain sober anymore. Also for me I'll drink a bunch of monsters or Arizona's and have also smoked way cigarettes than I should( which I have also found can be a convenient excuse to stop outside haha). People always tell me others don't care if you're drinking or not but damn have I found people at college parties to not follow this line of thinking so you definitely have to be strong with your refusals when offered or in my experience nearly forced to drink...&amp;#x200B;..If these people are good friends they will not care you are not drinking and just be happy to hanging with you. Good luck and enjoy the weekend with your friends. You should let us know how it goes.
Stay sober and be thankful you won't be suffering from a horrible hangover the next day!  Watch them make idiots of themselves.
