-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p5k1w/survivors_guilt/

Does anyone else ever experience survivor's guilt when you see someone else face devastating consequences as a result of an active addiction you once had (that could have easily happened to you)?..Context: There was a horrific drunk driving incident in my city over the weekend. A prominent doctor at the hospital where my sister works was driving drunk and killed a motorcyclist. It has been heart-wrenching for everyone involved. ..My story: I got a DUI while blacked out back in 2013 and I'm still trying to forgive myself for it. I had an accident but fortunately I was the only person involved. I had recurring nightmares for a really long time where I got on the interstate going the wrong direction and killed people. ..Seeing people post scathing things about people who drive drunk can really trigger some intense shame within me. Yes it's a horrible thing to do. It leads to devastating tragedies. But the people who are doing it are suffering from a deadly disease they have lost control over. It's so much more complex than just an evil person doing an evil thing. ..I'm not making excuses for this behavior in myself or anyone else by any means. I just know that I have to *vigilantly* dodge shame or I'll relapse. It's my number one trigger by far. ..I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish really by posting this. I guess I'm just wondering if anyone else ever experiences this.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with you. I got the same type of DUI as you. I can't let myself think too long about it because I get riddled with shame and guilt and my heart stops thinking about if I had hit someone.. I just have to remind myself that I'm extremely lucky to not have injured myself too seriously and more importantly anyone else. Far too many people are not as lucky as you and I. Like the doctor and motorist in your post. Just reading that makes my heart hurt for both of them. I'm not sure how to not feel guilty in this situation because I could have easily been in the same shoes as that driver. I'm sorry if this doesn't help at all I am just relating deeply with you on this. 
Yes I know exactly how you feel..I saw a post on r/lastimages of someone who died from a drunk driver the other day and my stomach dropped. I somehow never got a DUI but still..that could have been me. Then everyone blasting the driver makes me feel so much shame. Of course it is absolutely terrible to drink and drive but as you said most of these people have lost control over their drinking and are suffering as well. It's just really terrible all around. It is a very strong motivator to stay sober for me though. 
I feel guilt and then I feel a very firm resolve to never put anyone at risk ever again.  When I did my safety course recently for a DUI I had gotten years ago I was satisfied and very happy to note that my risk assessment was incredibly low.  My only risk was that I had been a problem drinker in the past.  Which reminds me that I am not off the hook for this addiction to return if I return to the drink.  Peacefully with a clear conscience about today's actions IWNDWYT 
