-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pa85r/i_will_not_drink_today_day_1/

I subscribed to this subreddit quite a while ago but I have never posted. I guess I couldn't get myself to post because I didn't want to post then fail on the same day. ..I'm scared to post this. I don't want to fail but I'm also afraid? scared? nervous? about physically and mentally not drinking anymore - the withdrawal the cravings dealing with/beating the cravings. Knowing that what I want to do (stop drinking) signs me up feeling awful and constantly struggling and stressing for minutes hours days months years. I KNOW the payoff is going to be a great thing but the time between this minute and some future successful day is very daunting to me. I'm scared; I don't WANT to fight through cravings or be frustrated unable to think of things besides not drinking this minute this hour this day.  ..Posting here makes it official and that is terrifying.  UGHHHHHH I want to be positive and feel uplifting about this healthy choice I'm making - I think logically I AM but the loudest part of my brain just keeps telling me "This is going to suck so hard." Hopefully after a few days of not drinking I will be able to listen to/believe the more positive self-talk and shush the other part some and start picturing the me that doesn't drink and isn't so tortured by it and looks and feels healthier.  I'll get there.  I will.  It's just the fear of the initial days talking now...So....    .Hi everyone.  ..I will not drink today..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Zesty! Good to hear from you. Good luck. You've got this! And if you stumble pull a weeble-wobble pop right back up and try again. I made it through 4 days my first try then slipped and got a badge reset and began again. I'm just north of 30 days now on my secomd try and am happy for that. Don't plan on slipping and feel good now but if I do I will follow my own advice and try to pop back up asap. Hope to see you around. Iwndwyt.
We have all been in your shoes before. It's never easy but I promise it's always worth it. Don't put the cart before the horse just do day 1. If you fuck it up do it again. We'll still be here. 
For anyone else lurking.....**STOPPING AND FAILING IS BETTER THAN NEVER STOPPING.**..Lets go!..
It is hard. But maybe it would help if you focus on the positive too? I mean not only the long-term benefits but the short-term. For instance I'm just chilling out in bed happy to be clear-headed and not worried or angry that I'm out of alcohol. I've been treating myself to treats and goodies that I wouldn't allow myself to have when I was drinking because I didn't have the money or the time. And I'll wake up feeling so much better day by day. Look to the people who have done it. It's not easy but it's not all bad. 
