-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pcepe/the_face_behind_the_mask/

Who am I? I'm a 30 156lb 5'6" male married and very happily married a daughter 2 and a son 2 months... Good job and a pretty successful person in life very handy.  I hit the gym almost every other day bench 155 squat 185lbs.  Many of my friends have treated me like crap over the years because how jealous they are of what I have.  I'm a planner for tomorrow and a 20 years from now and live frugal.  Went to college for business and graduated with a 3.4 gpa... ..I have it all. Eh?..Behind this mask I have depression that I struggle with and I am medicated for.  I'm a alcoholic longest I've gone is 16 days without a beer.  ( I'm bad about resetting my badge cause I feel bad for them doing it so often).  I have scar tissue on my shoulder and hip from my motor cycle wreck that hurts daily.  All my grandparents are dead.  My parents are divorced and my father is more of a boss than a father. And rarely speak to my sister because how she treated us through the divorce.  I can go days where I feel like I've lost my whole family.  often feel loney lost and sad for no reason at all. Teared up just writing this a bit.... I've lost(died) all my role models in my life (besides my wife).  ..Steps off my soap box ..Please under each of our mask we're all fighting wars you know nothing about.  So be kind to everyone!  It's a good day to be alive!
----------immediate responses--------

I was also confused about much in my life and when I got sober and made that a priority life got better. I have worked with over 200 guys over the years and have heard similar stories and my first question always is "and how does this relate to your drinking"?
Yea my ego got ahead of me for a few years. I have to sit down &amp; remember im not  the one  im just some guy in the middle. There are always people better off &amp; worse its relativity. I think staying humble is the key to winning the war in the long run.
Can I suggest a podcast by Rachel Allen called taking a break from alcohol. I think you would like it. It deals with the think feel act cycle. Our thoughts shape how we feel and how we ultimately act. Sometimes our thoughts are incorrect and this shapes our feelings and hence our actions. It sounds a bit like physco babble but I have found it to be a game changer. Listen to the early episodes!!
You are not alone Friend.  Hugs.
It's is kinda CBT but really straight forward!!
