-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pejo6/4th_step/

I was hoping someone might share their struggle with doing the fourth step. I seem to be on avoidance mode.
----------immediate responses--------

Doesn't matter how or what it looks like just take the trash out. You'll feel better. Did my 4th and 5th a couple weeks ago. Don't overthink it 
What helped me was putting my phone on airplane mode turning off TV and music setting a timer for thirty minutes and devoting that time to writing on my fourth step. It's pretty amazing what you can do in thirty minutes when you're truly without distractions. You'll either write it or you won't. It's up to you. ..I also leaned on step three in which I made the decision to do things differently and take some direction (I'm an atheist). Everyone I knew in AA who was sober and happy told me that part of what they did was write a thorough step four. I also talked to people who put it off and ended up relapsing. I desperately wanted to be in the former group so I just sat down and did it thirty minutes at a time. You don't have to do it all in one swoop as long as you're consistent. 
I did it in short bursts. Took me about 2 weeks. Setting a deadline with my sponsor helped me. Before I sat down to write I would pray for the clarity to know what I needed to write and the courage to write it down. I'm really glad I didn't drag it out much longer because it was a really painful process. I didn't realise at the time that it was the reason I was feeling so horrible but after I did the 5th step I had so much relief and I can understand now why so many people drink on the 4th step. I knew that if I drank on it the best case scenario was that I would have to start it all again. ..My recommendation to you would be to pray for the motivation &amp; willingness to do it consider setting a deadline and keep in mind that there is a real risk for people like us when we don't put the action in that we will drink and we won't even see it coming. 
Finished 4-7 ...spent way to much time on it.  But that's how I process things
