-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pq17w/aa_got_me_feeling_hopeless_again/

I tried AA one last time after years of trying on and off. I feel like I can see the value in the steps but I can't get comfortable with the people. In my experience when you are going to a lot of meetings working with a sponsor and not drinking everyone wants to act like they are supportive. ..However once you relapse miss a few meeting or if you don't have a sponsor yet people are very distant and cold. In my 3rd to last attempt at AA I really put myself out there and tried meeting people and overall all stayed visibly active. I even got a sponsor my 2nd meeting. As soon as a relapsed all my "friends" got distant and cold...I tried AA again a few months after that and stayed 110% anti social but still could not stay sober just going to meetings. Finally this last round I dived in again...I made it a point to be open to meeting people in meetings and introducing myself. I raised my hand to identify as a newcomer and 9/10 meetings nobody acknowledges you and the meeting when someone does introduce themselves they seem like they are on a power trip and want to tell me everything I need  to do without even getting a chance to know me...Well this last round I stayed sober a few days and I told the people I had recently met and each one stopped talking to me and did not even respond once I told them I relapsed...I'm lost.. I see people post on here "take what you want and leave the rest" but if you don't stay sober and do everything that you are told you will not get any support. ..And like I said I can see the value in the steps but I can't imagine that I can let my guard down with anyone in the program to thoroughly work the steps. ..One last thing I can't wrap my head around is I had a few sponsors in the past we can call sponsor "A" who I felt like they were micro managing my life and were to overbearing. I also had a few sponsors like sponsor "B" who were really distant and only wanted to focus on the steps. Now I am not saying either is wrong I understand that. What I don't understand is no matter how close/distant my sponsor has been I have always been wrong for not following their direction... im so lost....I'm still debating about going back to try some meetings and im hoping maybe you guys can help me reframe to see if I am missing something?
----------immediate responses--------

The thing you have to remember about AA is that everyone there is sick. Everyone is there *because* they are sick. What's the saying... Fish in radioactive water catch some strange fish? That's AA. ..AA is also what saved my life. I'm lucky enough to have found a kick-ass young people's group and some amazing friends. My stepdad was recently diagnosed with cancer so I've been going to my hometown on the weekends to be supportive to him and my mom which means I started to miss meetings. People noticed. People cared. They're just happy to see me when I can come! ..It's unfortunate that it isn't always the first few tries at it that you find your herd of black sheep but don't give up. They're out there. Just gotta keep looking. ..As for sponsorship... There are as many ways to do it as there are people in the program. Gotta think of it like dating... You'll have a lot more first dates than long term relationships. You'll click with a sponsor and it will fall into place. ..Just don't give up. It's worth it to have people around who get what you've been through and are going through. And you'll find them but you gotta keep looking. ..All the best. If you have any questions I'm happy to help. IWNDWYT! 
Hugs.  AA is not for everyone.  There are alternatives out there like SMART or LifeRing to name a couple that may resonate with you better (Google is your friend for your area).  Sobriety can be hard and it doesn't seem like that particular AA group for you and that is OK. Kudos to you for sticking with it and don't ever give up even if you lapse or misstep along the way. Progress not perfection. IWNDWYT
My sponsor always says 40% of recovery is surviving the fellowship...A lot of people in AA are quick to be cold cuz they've seen so many people come around for a couple months and then dip and go out again. It probably gets exhausting. ..Is it right? No. But they're human beings who are fucked up just like me and you. ..Keep going to AA if it's working for you. AA is about the steps foremost. 
I wonder if you have access to SMART meetings where you are &amp;/or would be interested? In my experience there is way less stigma about relapse. There is no day count so you don't also get a feeling that you lost some work. It is just treated as a bump in the road &amp; an opportunity to examine triggers in order to get stronger...I go to AA &amp; SMART &amp; I would say this is the biggest difference between them for me. In AA people come back in a bit ashamed but in SMART it's like it happened it's over!..IWNDWYT 
Thanks for posting. I had over 20 years sober in AA then I relapsed and I've stayed out for years for different reasons but the coldness from all but one of my AA friends has sadly factored into that. I wasn't sure I wanted to go back for a long time but now I'm pretty sure I do just because SMART doesn't do fellowship like AA does and I need that fellowship even with its flaws and B.S. Not sure if that helps for anything but validation but don't give up!
In my experience as someone who relapsed badly after many years sober I know the feelings you describe. Im begining to realize that part of it was my own self hatred that I was projecting on to others and part was the fact that relapse really frightens people. Part of it is true some are judgemental and arrogant. For me I just kept showing up and did not pick up a drink and I now have the gift of being able to share my relapse experience to help others. The shame wants us dead. Not today. Keep going to meetings. You have earned your seat..
I've been to AA at least weekly for the past year but I never got a sponsor and never worked the steps; I only attend the open discussion meetings. Even then I rarely do any sharing I just listen to what everybody else says and that's enough to keep me on the path. The regulars are open and supportive and I'd love to get to know some of them a little better outside of the AA hall but I'm a bit bashful and part of what's holding me back is the thought of what would happen if I relapsed and they found out? I guess I'm trying to be anonymous even in AA. But I do get more out of r/stopdrinking than I do the AA hall; I can choose which posts I want to read and respond to at my leisure take what I need and leave the rest.
AA isn't for me either. I think it's really easy to feel like maintaining your sobriety and being a member goes hand in hand. ..The only important thing is that your sobriety sticks! ..I do find it useful to have other things in place to support my sobriety. Two big ones for me are exercise and mindfulness. ..It would be a very weird world if one approach worked for everyone. 
I've been to many many AA meetings. I prefer ones that are openly open--that is meetings that anyone can attend and the attendees can talk about whatever they want. Getting shunned by people in AA for going back out has to be very hurtful. I admire the people who go back out and then return. I always listen carefully to their stories because it's been a long time since my last drink and relapse stories remind me that nothing has changed out there. "The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking." People in AA loved me until I developed the capacity to live myself. 
There are a lot of sick and insecure people in AA just like the rest of society. It can be so frustrating. Two things to consider: 1. Finding another group or different meetings. I've found the early morning group has the healthiest people. Everytime I even think of the noon group I get nauseous. It's full of chaos cliques and judgement. 2. Listen closely for those who have sobriety but tell stories of being in and out at the beginning. Talk to them and tell them what's up with you...Keep trying!!!!!!!!! ..
There are a lot of ways to be in recovery. And none of us need to earn our way out of AA. ..I am in therapy which I find extremely helpful. Therapy is with a person who is a trained professional. They are held to ethical and professional standards and are trained to keep their own issues out of the room. She supports me in my recovery without being overbearing or distant she doesn't tell me what I need to do to recover or imply that if I stop seeing her I'll relapse. Her own behavior doesn't affect me since I don't know what her behavior is. And I know that our meetings are confidential so I feel safe to share with her. ..People need to earn the right to hear our stories. Even people in a meeting. And if you don't feel safe somewhere it's okay to stop going. ..The problem isn't you. 
I am going through a very similar experience. I find some of the regulars to be not particularly happy or people I'd emulate. Don't get me wrong some are great but it's nearly like you've got to make AA yr entire life to fit in. I also find a lot of the program and readings to be bollocks so that also makes it hard. I'm sticking with it for the occasional good fellowship for the moment.
