-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pqxmw/facing_the_reality/

Well.. heres my story....&amp;#x200B;..My infatuation with drugs started at 15 when i began using weed as frequently as I could. That would become my substance of choice for the next 9 years- as I am now 24. I used to not like alcohol before I was 21. The effects to me weren't very functional. You could get sick couldnt drive etc.. But right around 21 the girl I had been dating for nearly 5 years broke up with me and I was just totally shattered...&amp;#x200B;.. I went from not really enjoying it to doing a bottle of whiskey a day. Blacking out frequently. Didnt really see a major issue for the first month or 2. In media thats usually how the sad guy deals with pain and me being new to alcohol wasnt really aware of healthy limits.After maybe 2ish months of heavy boozing I started to get these twinges in my liver. That really freaked me out. I took a few weeks off. Switched to beer. Didnt really get those twinges again for another year or 2. I managed to graduate college and enter the work force but i was coping with my extreme depression and feelings of loss with alcohol...&amp;#x200B;..I left that college town and moved to the NW. For some reason I just never got over the pain of the break up. Probably because she was the only girl Id ever been with. Even though Im decent looking and in respectable shape im super awkward/abrasive and dont have much luck meeting new people. I started drinking very heavily again because it seemed socially acceptable being young and in the party culture. Started getting those liver twinges more frequently and more intensely. ..&amp;#x200B;..That always freaked me out and id always been able to take couple weeks here and there off. But I had an episode where I got a DUI (while i was sleeping in my car w/ a dead battery) and i got fired from my job because of it. While the court stuff was working itself out I was drinking pretty hard. During which i experienced mild withdrawals. Sweats inability to eat nausea  etc.. ..&amp;#x200B;..Part of the court requirements for my DUI included completing outpatient recovery groups and 90 days of u/A's. Though some the info was cringe worthy i took some to heart. I realized in this group I was a textbook alcoholic. Although some others in the group had definitely taken the alcoholism farther i suddenly saw how bad things could get. I just finished my 90 days and drank last night. Got really drunk said some stupid shit. Feeling those twinges still. ..&amp;#x200B;..So im finally facing the issue that im going to struggle with alcohol for many years to come. Heath problems will start ill lose more jobs. It will get a lot worse if i continue drinking like that. My dream job is to be a Public Policy Analyst for the state and it requires i do more school and really take my career seriously. I know i cant achieve any of that if im being an alcoholic. ..&amp;#x200B;..So.. im not really asking anything.. just wanted to share.. and put this out there take responsibility for my choices and my health. I dont want to die young by drinking myself to death or lose more friends by saying hurtful drunk things. I think I can have a few drinks here and there socially but I dont want to be a degenerate alcoholic who isnt able to achieve his goals. Its harder than it sounds ;)
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man welcome and thanks for sharing! I got a DUI when I was 19 and continued drinking for another 19 years. I wouldn't recommend it. It's great that you're here and want to quit. This place is my support group; it's important to find a community. The book This Naked Mind also really helped to reframe my relationship with booze and I hardly have cravings anymore. If you keep at it it does get better. IWNDWYT. 
&gt;  I think I can have a few drinks here and there socially but I dont want to be a degenerate alcoholic who isnt able to achieve his goals. Its harder than it sounds ;) ..Damn near impossible I found in 10+ years of trying. IWNDWYT
One day at a time.
Hey man thanks for sharing your story (abridged).  It's a familiar story but I'm strongly reminded of one friend in particular who I wish had had the courage to share his struggle with the people who cared the most for him instead of withdrawing and trying to go it alone.  It gives me so much hope to come here and read brave and honest testimonies like yours. Props and kudos to you on your cognizance and eagerness to alter course for the better!  Stay keen and brave your potential is so goddam radiant I had to turn down the brightness on my screen.  :)  
