-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pujzr/lonely_is_different_that_alone_i_am_both/

Hey guys and gals. I have 15 moths sober (whoopdie damn doo) and I'm really struggling hard right now. Mainly because I'm so fucking lonely. .My husband was dispatched to the panhandle of Florida for post hurricane Michael bullshit and I've been home alone for the past 9-1/2 days. I've been trying to keep super busy so I won't feel lonely but the past couple of days have been hard. .I just feel like I don't fit in anywhere. Yesterday I did some service work with a women's group and then went to my home group meeting. The whole thing was depressing as fuck. Watching people interact with each other and making plans and having inside conversations with each other only makes me feel more lonely. .After the meeting I opted out of Unity and went home and cried while watching TV. Then I went to bed and scrolled the internet and cried. .I've reached out to my family to have them come spend time with me since I am always there for them and was rejected.  .I am really feeling the whole  would anyone even miss me if I'm gone  vibe. .Anyways I just wanted to put this out there in case anyone had some advice or not. Whatever. 
----------immediate responses--------

Those who have known aloneness say something absolutely different. They say there is nothing more beautiful more peaceful more joyful than being alone.  Once you have entered your innermost core of being you cannot believe your own eyes: you were carrying so much joy so many blessings so much love  and you were escaping from your own treasures.  (On Aloneness Osho).  I have found overcoming the tendency to see aloneness as loneliness to be one of life's challenges and to meet it brings great inner peace.  
I'm sorry you feel so alone. Everyone here is with you. Can you give yourself a spa treat day. Do bath nails hair new makeup and a good book. Or binge watch on Netflix some show your husband doesn't like. 
I'm sorry you are having a hard time.  There are hundreds of folks here rooting for you - so you are not at all alone.  Perhaps the chat room might help you to feel connected?  ..It seems like you spend a lot of your time giving to others so maybe its time to treat yourself.  Get a massage or a haircut go shopping or to a show or museum take a drive bike ride or a walk find a new recipe to try out?..Most importantly dont drink.  No matter how low you feel drinking will not improve things and 15 months is so impressive.  IWNDWYT
As much as I like supporting people hurricane Michael is some serious act of nature that caused a lot of damage people need help. I think the statement "bullshit" is a bit much. Your husband is in a place where people are suffering as you sit in the comfort of home worried about being lonely. Let that sink in!
I'm sorry you're not feeling so good right now. I know how it is when that lonely mindset takes over- I start getting resentful of friends/family and feeling neglected. It's human to feel left out and passed over to take things personally and to want human interaction. When I feel like this I like a good sulk then some pampering then when I feel up to it I throw myself into a bunch of social activities. I figure that even if most of them are a bust at least one might be fun and make me feel better. I hope you are kind to yourself and feel better soon! 
