-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pzmaz/sober_october_20_days_in_revelation/

Hey Reddit...Because of Joe Rogan/Tom Segura/Birch ChristLord/ari shaffir's sober October I have decided to give it a try because I needed to lose a few and I've been drinking quite a bit lately. Sobering up and focusing on my habits have lead me to some realizations:..I'm an alcoholic..I've known for the last 6 years..I've been self sabotaging my personal progress on a physical and professional level..I've been using drinking as an excuse to forgo all my current expectations and responsibilities...Where do I go from here?.I am.. used to be.. that 'fun' guy who drinks just enough and is the life of the party. .Drinking is the only thing that "really" unwinds me after a long day..I aim to open a business in the food-industry how can I serve alcohol if I don't drink it?.Alcohol is/was a very big part of my life up until now how do I cut it out completely?..I'm lost my friends..I'm having an identity crisis and I want to end up finding myself and progressing into the next (better?) part of my life over relapsing and keep doing everything like I was doing and standing still...Do I just do it? what if people ask me why I'm not drinking? What about the upcoming social event of the holidays?..Do I just do it.. do I never get that release of a glass of alcohol at the end of the day? Does it ever go away or does it get replaced by sitting/laying down after a long day?
----------immediate responses--------

It gets replaced by whatever works for u. You can try all the things u said and more ( :  lots of great tips on this site from helpful folks. IWNDWYT
You just do it. If people ask. Say you're doing some alcohol free thing till the new year. Then a dry January.. then sober February. Then I'm just not drinking today. You don't have to go into details if you don't want to. It's okay to make something up because people will ask.  
[removed]
Quote by Augusten Burroughs from This is How:.. In 100 percent of the documented cases of alcoholism worldwide the people who recovered all shared one thing in common no matter how they did it:.They didn't do it..They just didn't do it..You absolutely can stop drinking right now..The question is only do you want to be sober more than you want to drink?.Very few people can answer this question truthfully and reply yes..I hope you're one of them. Maybe you are..I didn't think I was. ..Very simplistic answer but: You just tell people no when they offer you a drink. Then you don't buy drinks on your own. Then don't drink! If anyone asks why you can say it's not your thing anymore. No one needs to know if you don't want to explain - it's personal and you don't owe anyone an explanation on why you choose not to ingest a known carcinogen/neurotoxin. ..We're all trying here. This is probably like my hundred and something-ish try. But if you don't give up eventually it will stick. Just don't give up. I've had a couple of really terrible days with no support IRL. However I posted in the daily check in first thing this morning and some random internet stranger gave me a few sentences of encouragement that made my day. This is a great place to start your journey. We hope you stick around   
just try to remember that " that release of a glass of alcohol at the end of the day"  is instead fucking poison.  I quit for ten years and you just have to muscle through it.Wish I never started again
