-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9q41oo/inching_towards_sponsorship/

Hi everyone!..Another epic daily update this one is on the a second meeting that I went to yesterday. ..It was a  Travelling Sisterhood  meeting that meets every other month at a different house. I was invited by that woman who I was gonna ask to be my sponsor. It was all women in her sponsorship chain plus a couple of other women who've become friends or something? (It was sorta like being at someone else's family reunion or something - everyone was clearly related somehow and while it wasn't always exactly clear how I didn't exactly care  cos it don't involve me.) ..There were about twenty women there maybe a little more and it was an excellent night out. I felt very welcomed and enjoyed chatting with people. We had potluck dinner then a proper AA meeting then more hanging out. I exchanged numbers with a handful of people and I also got a flier for a women's retreat in November that a bunch of them are going to that sounds pretty awesome...I asked the woman who invited me if she was available for sponsorship. She seems pretty busy and it doesn't do anyone any good if a sponsor is overloaded with sponsees but I figured that I might as well ask. She said that she might be at her limit but that she was going to talk to her sponsor about it and get back to me. She *did* strongly suggest that I find someone who lives closer partly because she's of the school where you have a home group that you go to every week with your sponsor. That all sounds legit to me and she's been around - she knows what works so I'm going to take her advice and find someone closer to home...One of the women who I exchanged numbers with seems like she'd be a good choice for me. She lives up in my neck of the woods. We talked a couple of different times throughout the evening and she was both easy to talk to and had her shit figured out. We arranged to go to a meeting together on Wednesday so barring anything unforeseen happening I'm gonna ask her if she'll sponsor me then...She's been sober for 16 years and seems happy in herself and in her life so she knows how to stay sober. She had sponsees there who have decent sober time and seem to also have a good quality of sobriety so she has experience taking other women through the steps. Like me she has an autoimmune disease so she understands what living with a chronic illness is like. Sometimes the spirit is willing but the body is weak which is not something that people really understand until they've experienced it or seen it close up. It's not something that I'd expect a sponsor to get but it's nice to know that if I'm struggling with my health she'll understand...I like the idea of having that built-in support network so I am leaning towards finding a sponsor in that group. There's plenty of sobriety there it's not like I'd have to compromise on anything to do so. There was a cake for a woman who was celebrating her first year of sobriety and a woman who was newly sober but other than that everyone there seemed really solid in their sobriety. There was a lot of long term sobriety but even the women who had a couple of years seemed *really* solid. That's what I want...There's some AA saying that's like  Stick with the winners  or something it basically means that you should hang out with people who are staying sober. Those women are staying sober...We are social creatures and we are subtly influenced by what people in our social circles do. Since I'm an introvert and I can isolate like it's my job it seems like it'd do me good to become part of a group where socializing and getting to know a bunch of solid sober women is easy. And it was a fun night I'd happily hang out with all of them again...Anyway I'd best be going. I hope that you all are well!..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

That group sounds awesome!  
That's really great!  I hope you've found your  family .  Sounds very promising.  Take care.
That sounds like a fantastic group! Even if she is not your formal sponsor she's a great person to connect and reach out to. ..So sorry to have been MIA caught the nasty cold/flu bug and didn't want to risk saying ridiculous or unhelpful stuff. For example yesterday I was on sudafed aleve recovering from a migraine and told my husband that I wanted to be Batman. He was understandably confused. ..Hope you are doing well and IWNDWYT 
