-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qcu2r/one_year_no_beersayonara_moderation/

366 days ago while showering and hungover for the Nth time in seemingly N+1 days I said to myself  I have to stop drinking.  I had taken enough trips on the Moderation Merry-Go-Round to know that moderating was a pointless endeavor. I knew that abstaining was the only option for me. With that in mind I ruminated over how best to proceed and did what many alcohol abusers before me have chosen to do.  I conned myself into continuing to drink. .. Quit now-with the holidays approaching? Hey why stack the deck against you? Stop in January instead. After all you want this to work  ..The next day while showering and brutally hungover for the (N+1)th time in N+2 days I said to myself  I have to stop drinking. Now. ..Call it the moment of clarity or epiphany but it finally struck me: I have an addiction. I downloaded SMART Recovery's workbook and started the program that day shortly thereafter found this sub and I haven't looked back since. I've learned so much from this sub and I sincerely thank everyone for their posts. There's remarkable insight here.  ..I didn't identify it as such at the start of my sobriety but as I worked through SMART read posts here and eventually started to practice mindfulness I understood it more. Psychologists call it Acceptance.  I've never been to an AA meeting but when they refer to admitting being powerless over alcohol I suspect it's a similar concept. ..I finally realized that morning that alcohol and I simply don't get along we never will and that's that. Acceptance.  I am  Alcohol Intolerant.  Some people can't drink milk. I can't drink alcohol.  Big whoop.  Acceptance doesn't mean I am a weak person a failure because I couldn't  control' drinking nor anything of the sort.  It is not judgment.  It just means that this is simply who I am and I get it. What good is it to figuratively shake my fist at the sky and bellow lamentations to the gods ( Bestow onto me moderation! ) when I can instead just shrug my shoulders and eliminate the behavior and be done with it? ..u/papi-Queso will hopefully agree when I say that one tenet from mindfulness is that resisting as opposed to accepting is often a stressor. I would put a [medieval alchemist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkZFuKHXa7w&amp;s=10) to shame trying to concoct ways to moderate my drinking. Counting drinks off and on days drinking while standing on my head You name it I might have tried it. All because I resisted recognizing that I had a serious alcohol problem and thinking that alcohol was  too valuable  to give up.  I was a master of Awfulization. (If I stop drinking my social life will be awful. If I try to stop drinking before the holidays I set myself up for failure. That would be awful. Etc.)  Resisting created stress which would push me back towards the very behavior I wanted to change. ..Moderation appealed to the rational part of my brain. The side that said  You ought to stop  was given a bogus reason to justify resisting ( we'll strip out the bad parts of drinking and leave only the good! ) and the addictive part of my brain kept getting its fix. It wanted alcohol; it had no interest in moderating. When it got only a little of what it wanted it gradually demanded more and tada: relapse. I never wanted one beer. I was never remotely satiated from just one beer. I knew that before every moderation attempt I ever made yet I would keep trying. One drink is all it [takes](https://youtu.be/8C4TGGtPzBU?s=10). ..To me the pundits are spot on with moderation. If you've tried it in the past and failed that might tell you all you need to know. Hope springs eternal of course. People have a natural tendency to say  where there's a will there's a way!  Alcohol simply doesn't work that way though. It does what it wants not what we want it to. Maybe some people out there can moderate but I am not one of them and I've seen far more people fail at it than succeed. ..I'd have spared myself a lot of hardship (years worth literally) if I had simply accepted who I was.  I cannot overemphasize how much easier it is for me to abstain than it ever was to moderate. Yes easier! Life is incredibly better now than it was for me twelve months ago and I am not being hyperbolic. I've zero regrets other than I wish I had abstained earlier. So as I step off my Day 365 Soapbox ha maybe ask (especially those on or about to hop on the Moderation Merry-Go-Round): Are you resisting?
----------immediate responses--------

