-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qgbce/why_is_it_that_after_being_super_strong_and/

I haven't dived into any of the recommended reading that people post here frequently yet but I have some time off from work coming up so I should get a chance to soon. ..For those who are in the know is there a reason why my resolve is so weak this evening after being exposed to alcohol and saying no all weekend?..I was (am) so close to buying a bottle of wine tonight. I spent my whole weekend in bars and restaurants where it would have been so easy to have a glass or two and I actually wasn't really that tempted. I made my decision that I wasn't drinking this weekend and I stuck to it. ..But here I am Monday evening no plans and all I want is to drink alone in my room. At least on those other occasions it would have *made sense to drink* (if it ever does). I've definitely read a few posts on here where people go to a party don't drink but the minute they get home to 'safety' is when their mind goes into overdrive and the cravings are strongest. Can anyone explain this to me?..Anyway I have my pyjamas on I think I should be able to get to day 18 but tonight is a big struggle if I am being honest. 
----------immediate responses--------

Being in challenging situations is often easier.  The "temptation" is so obvious and we are on our guard to stay strong... I find it's when I'm alone or otherwise on my own and have the time to let my mind wander into unhealthy places that I feel internal pressures.  For me changing people and places has a lot to do with changing my own internal "landscape" and taking the time to figure out why a certain place or situation even when alone makes my mind go where it does...Taking the time to be curious and understanding with yourself without condemnation can help a lot to learn to cope or figure out what internal changes are needed to think in new ways.
Willpower is a finite resource and there is often a 'refractory period' after making it through some tough situations when your willpower is depleted and your resistance is at a low ebb.....Feeling alone/lonely can also be common trigger if that applies.....It's OK to struggle sometimes and coming here to talk about it is a much better idea than actually acting on the urge to drink!..Every craving will always pass every single time if you can just wait it out and distract yourself... giving in and drinking just makes the next lot of cravings that much stronger keeps the cycle going and delays the arrival of the day when the cravings stop altogether!..Eating something sweet and drinking gallons of fizzy water usually helps.....If you're at a loose end tonight I suggest going on to YouTube and binge-watching as much of the 'This Naked Mind' channel as you can possibly manage before bedtime!..Hang in there and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I don't know why that happens but I have experienced it myself.  Maybe it was because alcohol was my primary reward for anything.  So if I did something good and was proud of myself I wanted the alcohol reward I trained myself to expect even if the thing I was proud of was staying away from alcohol.  It was the same logic that told me my first few days sober was so good that I deserved...a drink...Whatever the reason that is why I always make time to recenter and refocus after going out somewhere with alcohol around.  And then it passes quickly.
Maybe it has something to do with feelings of guilt / judgement? I feel safe at home and if Im alone at home with no plans that is a risky place to be! I have experienced this too......&amp;#x200B;..Good luck! IWNDWYT
Because in all honesty true self discipline is always hardest when no one else is looking. It seems paradoxical that being surrounded by alcohol at a bar would be easy compared to our own homes but in public you can be seen and therefore judged. At home we can more easily lie to ourselves and justify our actions and behavior.
Being home alone is hardest for me because that is where I did most of my drinking. I coped in the early weeks by going to bed very early and not watching TV. TV was my biggest trigger. Drinking beer and watching TV was what I did every night and when I was first trying to just cut back (from drinking periodically all day) it was my big glamorous reward after my kid went to bed. Anyways I feel you. Hang in there.
