-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qmevo/dealing_with_shame/

I messed up last night and relapsed and did some really stupid stuff that most likely made me look like an idiot/asshole this drinking stuff never does me any good yet I continue to drink but I can't shake the shame of last night off at all and my anxiety is high because of it how do you all deal with the shame from the night before if you did something stupid while drunk? Having a hard time dealing with this being sober is hard but getting drunk always messed me up all the time and I end up becoming a person I don't like at all I'm an asshole when I drink and I just want to stop drinking for good. 
----------immediate responses--------

I posted a similar post earlier. It is the worst feeling ever right. I have been almost in like a state of panic about something i did. I just keep trying to tell myself that in time i will look back at it and somehow be thankful that it made me stop drinking. I never want to feel like it again. Hope this gives you the slighest bit of encouragement 
The main thing I think you need to know is it will end and get better.  I have relapsed several times and that is what gets me through it. I am on day 3 and feeling better from just yesterday and expect to be even better tomorrow. IWNDWYT
I did some shitty thing too while drinking. I felt really gross and guilty for a while. I think it just takes time. I wrote a long apology letter to the person I hurt the most and that really helped me get over my guilt but not completely. I think remorse can be useful because it can warn us not to repeat the same mistakes. I know it's difficult and we're not in the exact same situation as me but I hope that somewhat helps.
I will tell you from experience that when you realize "man it's been  months since I got blackout drunk and made an ass of myself" it is an *indescribable* feeling. 
I am on day 7 no booze due to the same horrible feelings of shame.. i got blackout drunk last week and ruined an important friendship/relationship that had just got back on track after a large break due to the same reasons... i fucked it up again totally..but it has lead me to seven days sober..some things are actually a blessing in disguise and time heals all wounds..be kind to yourself and be strong 
