-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qp5u6/circling_the_draindoesdid_everybody_go_through/

When I first started trying to get sober it involved a lot of great intentions and shame-filled relapses. This vicious circle continued for about a year. And I never really talked much about it. In my black-and-white way of thinking either you succeeded at sobriety or you were a hopeless drunk. ..It was only after I had a few months of sobriety under my belt that I started opening up and talking to sober people in my life about it. I was truly (naively) shocked how many people said they circled the drain like that for years before getting sober  for real. ..On one hand I wish I had known that at the time. Might have enabled me to be nicer to myself instead of using every fuck-up as an excuse to pile on more self-hate...which typically led me straight to my next fuck-up. ..On the other hand I wonder if I  *had* known whether my manipulative inner drunk would have used it as an excuse to keep circling the drain...maybe forever. Would I have ever had the courage to get sober if I always had that out?..I know whatever path led me to these precious days was the right one for me. Just like I know black-and-white thinking was a big part of my problem. But now that I'm starting to talk to other newly-sober people I'm not sure whether it's helpful or hurtful to share my experience. Any thoughts from others who have more experience with on-boarding new members of our particular club? ..I suspect I'm overthinking my influence. But I'm just so afraid I'll say the wrong thing. 
----------immediate responses--------

Interesting thought. I tried to take days off or moderate my drinking before I quit 'for real' but once I stopped (so far) I stopped... I'm only 25 though so plenty of years to be pulled back in again in a lifetime.....I also just wanted to say I don't think anyone has any particular experience (at least on this community) in 'onboarding'...are you referring more to AA or other groups?
    me. It was about 2 years that I circled. I think it's helpful to just share my experience with others who are having the same problem. I never want to discourage anyone. Just more of like hey I totally get where you're coming from kinda thing. ..After a relapse I would feel so low and to have someone who has been on that road share with me and give me hope meant the world to me  ..
Please don't be afraid to say the wrong thing.  It has been very helpful to me that everyone here is willing to share their thoughtsknowledge and experiences. I find strength through you..I too  circled the drain   for years in fact. I danced around the moderation trap..I danced around the self-medication trap..I finally got stuck  in the drain  No... in the sewer...in the sewage. 
[removed]
For me reading about other people's experiences on here has been super helpful. I felt like I wasn't alone and I felt understood. I may not relate to each situation- we are all different but I can still relate to the struggle. So I think sharing is good. 
I've been circling for a couple of years now. Except for the last year I've had a therapist! Then a few months ago I finally caved at got a medication consultation. Got a diagnosis treatment plan. ..Last sober streak was damn near 3 months. So maybe this time it will stick! 
