-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qqtcg/why_i_drank/

I wanted to share a realization I had that made me stop drinking. (I'm on Day 6). Maybe it will resonate with others here. I grew up in a toxic home. My mom had a mental disorder for which she never sought help and my dad enabled her i.e. he rarely stepped in to protect us children from the mental and emotional harm that resulted from the effects of her illness. Long story short my mom's behavior was very erratic and went from full-blown rages to week-long silent treatments. Threatening suicide was not uncommon for her either. As a young child with a developing brain my nervous system's 'normal state' unfortunately became fight-flight-freeze mode...Fast-forward to today I've realized that my behavior throughout most of my life was indicative of me trying to 'stay ahead' of my emotions. Even in my adult life I was still trying to protect that inner child who was just trying to survive. I was RUSHING through life just trying to keep the emotions at bay which I falsely believed would keep me in control. (Ironically alcohol left me with very little of that!) People used to say I walked fast talked fast drove fast. And of course I would drink fast too. I would reach for that first one without giving it ANY thought. And the drinks went DOWN quickly as well. Drinking numbed the emotions before I could feel them. But now and with this new insight I'm finding success at being able to slow myself down and just enjoy life.  Take it as it comes.  I give myself more time to think things through and to feel things fully.  I breathe more slowly now too. I meditated for years but now even that feels deeper...If you're still reading this (sorry it's so long) my realizations came as a result of reading *Mindsight*by Dan Siegel M.D. This book planted the seeds of sobriety for me. It's not specifically about battling alcoholism but it's about the "Science of Personal Transformation". There are some amazing stories of transformation in it but the biggest take-away for me was the proof that I could turn around old patterns of thought and rewire my brain.  My two new favorite words - neural plasticity! Yes I was addicted to alcohol but it went deeper than that. And now I'm cutting away at those deep-seeded roots. I'm done watering them.  It's time for them to ROT AWAY!!..I quit drinking for about a year 4 years ago but every day was a struggle. This time around I haven't craved it all. When someone asks me next time why I'm not drinking I think I'll say "I'm just not interested in it anymore." And that would be the truth!  I truly hope my story helps someone!
----------immediate responses--------

How are you now?
Thanks for the book recommendation it sounds like it right up my alley!  Best wishes!  IWNDWYT 
Glad to get another book recommendation. Thanks for sharing. :)
I really like your post. That book sounds so interesting I must try to get it. I love the idea of my brain rewiring. I'm looking forward to seeing some changes. Sounds like you are doing great.
