-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qux4g/150_days/

This is the longest I have gone without drinking in 10 years. I was a daily heavy drinker for the past 6 years. I realized a few years ago that I had a drinking problem but I didnt take it seriously until I went to the emergency room last year. I am not sure if my condition was alcohol related but when I told the doctor how much I was drinking his eyes got wide and he just said "that's a lot!" I was pretty stubborn and didn't try to stop until two more doctors warned me about what kind of future I was looking at if I kept it up. The first few weeks were rough I didn't get any sleep for a while. My anxiety was through the roof and my brain had a funny way of replaying the way I acted when I got really drunk over and over making me wish I could just drink again and forget about it. But after a while that got less and less frequent. I started getting better sleep I went to a few AA meetings although I havent been in a while. I still have appointments with a kidney doctor and I am on blood pressure meds but funny enough my hands don't shake at the same time every day like they used to. I was pretty good at making excuses for that too haha. I have been working out about 4 times a week since then and I'm getting stronger every week. Depression still hits me pretty hard sometimes and I don't see some of my friends as much as I used to but I'm hopeful for the future. My social life took a pretty big hit so hopefully I can find some new activities to keep myself occupied on the weekends. I appreciate everyone on this sub who has posted their stories they remind me that there is a life after drinking and it could be a million times better than life with alcohol if I want it to be. And to anyone lurking and struggling I lurked on this sub for 2 or 3 years before I decided to stop. Here's hoping we can keep at it and givr ourselves the life that we deserve. Thank you all and I will mot drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats. Keep it up
Well done!
I just went to the doc yesterday. I was an occasional binge drinker for several decades and then from about mid 2014 through about August of 2017 I was a daily drinker consuming usually 4 or 5 units on a very slow day but more often something like 8-12 unit (and I'm a 5'3" 155ish pound woman so that's kind of a lot). I started stringing together day here and there last August and now have over 9 months as you can see. My doctor said my blood work including my liver panel was absolutely perfect. So I hope that gives you some hope. A lot of us are fixable. Keep up the good fight and I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations on that 150!!!!  
Well done and thanks for sharing your story...About the social life maybe start volunteering on the weekends...even if it's just for an hour.  Pick something you're interested in like animals the enviroment libraries elders and find a place to volunteer.  You'll meet new people have more to do on the weekends and you'll feel good doing it.  :)..
Way to go!  You're doing great.  IWNDWYT
Well done! Congratulations! 
Thank you for sharing your story of inspiration. It's the baby steps that add up big!..Congrats! ..IWNDWYT    
A great milestone!  Amazing effort keep going.  23 days for me and hoping I can get to 150 days!  Life is so much better without beer! Best wishes!    
Thank you for sharing. Your experience sounds very similar to mine. I've just hit 50 days. Congrats on your amazing milestone.
