-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9r04kb/90_days/

Hi everyone!..90 days! Well my goals for the first 90 days of sobriety were to check in here every day which I have done and to attend 90 support group meetings. I've done 95 support group meetings - 92 AA meetings and one each of Al-Anon Codependents Anonymous and Adult Children of Alcoholics...My other goal was to get a temporary sponsor and then a sponsor which I did and we started working the steps. I realized that she wasn't the best fit for me so I ended that sponsorship relationship and have been looking for a new sponsor. I think that I may have found one I'm going to see her tonight and possibly ask her to sponsor me...Last time I got sober I had the same  90 in 90  and check in here daily for my first 90 days goals and I was pretty close to meeting them both. (I had some travel towards the end which made it difficult to post every days and go to meetings though I did hit some meetings in Rome which was cool.)(And I just remembered that I bought my  If you change nothing nothing will change  fridge magnet at a bookstore in Sicily on my 90th day last time around. I still have it.) Anyway after that first 90 days I lost my momentum in recovery. Life took over. And I gradually lost when I had gained and relapsed...So like the fridge magnet says I have to do something different if I want different results. This time around I'm just gonna do the same thing again. Another 90 in 90 with an emphasis on AA though I might start hitting ACA meetings once a week or so the meeting that I attended and their basic text really speak to me. I'm going to check in here daily. I don't know that I'll have the time to do this forever but I have the time to do this now and it's been very helpful for me in clarifying my thoughts and in getting feedback and support from all y'all...Getting a Sponsor Mark II is my final goal. I'm tempted to add in something else since I'm already established in doing all the rest of this but I know that meeting with her and working the steps will take time and be enough of a challenge for me to deal with so I'm just gonna keep it simple and stick to what I know will work...In other news it looks like I'm now the de facto chairperson of my Tuesday night Grab Bag meeting. I was supposed to be co-chairing it with the guy who's been chairing it for the last however many years at *least* four. But that seems to have been a ruse. Which is fine. I feel a little ill prepared to take over completely but there's countless alcoholics chairing meetings around the world and nobody dies if someone doesn't get something completely right...I do see the meeting and hear the comments differently now that I'm chairing. I feel more invested in the other people but I'm also starting to get a little tense when people go wildly off-topic and talk at length. I know that people have to share what they need to share but I also know that it's up to the chairperson to ask someone to wrap things up if they're monopolizing the meeting. I'm not comfortable with being an authority figure and I'm not inclined to do that but I also think that everyone needs a chance to share. ..The last comment of the meeting last night before mine was both off-topic and lengthy but we had the time to spare. And I'm so happy that she shared I probably wouldn't have asked her to wrap up anyway. It was a woman who comes regularly but has kept mostly to herself. We talked a bit at fellowship last Friday and I'm so pleased that she shared like she did yesterday. It's such a pleasure to get to know people in recovery. I was lucky to be there. ..I ended up staying after the meeting for a half hour to chat with another woman who was brand new to AA. It's so nice to be on the other side of that conversation. I mean I appreciate the friendly support that I've gotten from other people in the program but it's nice to realize that I'm actually sober enough now to be able to help others...I'd never make such real connections with so many diverse people if I wasn't in recovery. Dealing with addiction is shit but recovery has benefits that I don't think I would've found any other way and one of the big ones is that it gives me both the opportunity and the ability to connect with other people in meaningful ways...My magical ability to remember people's names when I'm chairing is still there. I've actually been trying more consciously in my other meetings to remember people's names but it doesn't usually happen at least not on the first try. Last night there were a couple of new people and I *still* remember one of the names. ..I'm going to have to find a better way to store numbers from other AA members in my phone though because I now have a bunch of numbers in my phone that I know are people from AA but who I don't exactly remember and they're only first names which doesn't help. I guess maybe I should start putting in some notes right after I get them. And also I could probably start actually using them to text and call and actually get to know others in the program that might help...I still haven't smoked. So that's two days cigarette free though I am wolfing down Nicorette. But as long as don't ever have another cigarette I will never have to deal with this again. ..And that's it. I hope that you all are well. Keep fighting the good fight!..Ginger_Sprout Out.
----------immediate responses--------

You are a champ. 
Great work! :)
I have a fear of losing momentum in my recovery. Especially since life is becoming different and more busy for me. I can't make it to as many meetings as I used to. (I'm not sure how much of it is excuses and how much its actually being busy.) The changes are good but I need to find balance between "life" and recovery. I try to make sure I do at least one thing for my recovery a day: journal meditate meeting this subreddit. I've been traveling a lot with work and usually can't find a meeting to get to. But this sub has been like an AA meeting for me. ..Grateful to read your post this morning IWNDWYT. 
There is a meeting that I go to where they use a three minute timer so when it goes off it just helps people be aware that they need to wrap it up and give someone else a chance to speak. Also to help me keep track of the people in my phone list I put their last name as Recovery AA &amp; Dash white meeting I saw them at like AA our celebrate recovery or Smart recovery. Then I put a note and that might describe them so I can visualize what they look like.
Congratulations!  
Congratulations!! Way to go stepping up to chair your meetings. Looking forward to hearing about your next 90 days! :)
