-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9rvhx7/no_badge_reset/

So I started this journey 8 days ago. Doing really well overall. We went out for sushi after a really good but long / hard week (car trouble intense work etc.) and I decided to order a sake - just one. My daughter (16) smelled it and said "yuck'! then I explained that it's an acquired taste but then I had a flashback from This Naked Mind when all that means is you drink stuff that doesn't taste good but fires off your pleasure receptors from the alcohol then you start liking to drink it but not because of the taste. I haven't told my daughter about my sobriety yet but she has probably noticed the lack of a bottle or two of wine on the kitchen counter. Anyway it made me uncomfortable to drink that in front of her with her knowing it's not "the taste" and that was helpful to notice.  ...I've decided not to reset my badge for the following reason. I have 26 years in AA with perfect sobriety - until I relapsed. My AA fellowship of sober women was really important to me and I know helped me succeed but I'm also a people pleaser and I wanted to be that person everyone looked up to and it was my ego involved too... well so much for that. I am finding my way back but I HAVE TO own my recovery and if I'm going to re-engage with AA - which I think is the best option for me at this point - I need to be able to do so with integrity owning and being responsible for my own recovery program. Now if I start having a drink every few weeks that will be another issue. Does any of this make sense to anyone?? Anyway I'm sober today I was sober last night. I guess I'm giving myself permission to embrace not doing Sobriety 2.0 in the Perfect AA Way and although many people might disagree and I know addiction is a sneaky lying SOB that. needs to be put in its place it's what I'm doing now and I feel accepted and supported here.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.  Fwiw there's no mention of counting days in the big book.  Honest open willing Progress not perfection. Best to you.
I hear you. My recovery is about so much more than consecutive days where zero alcohol passes my lips. ..I'm of the belief that the more I cling to "days" as my sole measure of success the more at risk I am for just chucking the whole idea when things get rough. ..Programs that allow for mistakes and use them to learn going forward instead of flogging oneself back to a mythical "day 1" seem much more geared towards success and changed behavior. ..We each get to design our own recovery. 
fgfd
It's your badge your rules.   
