-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s06zl/how_does_someone_love_me/

I'm 27 years old and have been an alcoholic for 1.5 years so far. I've been struggling with my happiness and I'm finding it hard to love myself and others. I long for being loved but it's hard when you have this big secret. I want to date and find my significant other. But most guys want to grab a drink on the first date. How do I deal with this? How do I date when I'm an alcoholic? 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; How do I date when I'm an alcoholic?..I would focus on being sober first. Once I had figured out I needed to quit I made not drinking my priority. A relationship would only have detracted me from that goal.
First: Do not date until you work on yourself because you will not find love until you love yourself. We accept the love we think we deserve. ..Second: If on a date and it comes up. I'd say they should give you no shade if you choose not to drink while out on a date. If this is a deal breaker then you dodged a bullet. Furthermore if you choose there is nothing wrong with straight up telling a prospect that you are a recovering alcoholic and cannot even have one. ..You are lovely and lovable go out there and slay 
Hey don't be too hard on yourself or paint too dreary a picture!!.The first time I met my now husband (we met via online dating) we met on a Sunday morning for a coffee. We hit it off right away with shared interests and views - it's so much easier to get to know the  real' someone/person without alcohol involved. We got along so well that we had about 3-4  catch ups' within the next 2 weeks all with no alcohol involved. .If the person you go on a date with requires alcohol for it to be a fun/memorable date then maybe that person isn't the right one for you. .Also don't feel ashamed to maybe make a little light joke about it eg  I love all the good things in life - too much so that when I have something like a great cocktail or wine or chocolate cake I can't stop myself from finishing the entire bottle/cake so I've just decided not to indulge at all'. Everybody has a weakness or a soft spot where they can't say no to temptation and once again if the date can't respect this then maybe it's best to move on....I hope you meet a person that will truly love you for your strengths but especially for your vulnerabilities - because both of these make you who you are. Trust me when I say there are great people out there. Don't waste your time on those who make you feel like they won't help and support you on your journey of sobriety!
i'm exactly in the shoes. let's talk about this horrible we are at
I longed to be loved. I had severe low self esteem and abandonment issues. On top of that lots of codependency. I was looking for love in people who were incapable of doing so. My idea of  love  was very unhealthy and toxic. I was so used to abuse and chaos that anything else seemed like a shitty rom-com that wasn't real. Relationships are my easiest and fastest distraction from focusing on myself. I had to make a choice to keep trying to find that love from other person or take a break and solely focus on me. I knew deep down I would relapse if I chose not to work on myself. I had to learn the basics about what a relationship is and what love is. I let dating come when I had quite a lot of time under my belt. I couldn't rush it or control the situation. 
