-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s2wwf/bugger_i_slipped_over_the_weekend_but_now_im_more/

Sorry for the long post.  I need to put this here to keep myself accountable.  Thank you all for being here this community really has changed my life for the better...So I went to a gig solo on Friday night with the intention to not drink.  I've done it before a couple of times so I guess I wasn't too worried beforehand (in hindsight underprepared).  As I got closer to the venue the craving for 'just one beer' hit me HARD.  My brain just started listing all these reasons why it would be ok. 'Partner's out of town having a boys bender weekend me having one beer at the gig couldn't hurt' 'it's Friday night' 'it's Halloween party weekend' 'the majority of the people at the gig will be trashed anyway' 'isn't this partly what gigs are for? to let your hair down a little? I haven't in so long.' These thoughts came out of nowhere...So I jumped on here for inspiration but look I can't and shouldn't kid myself I came here to look for justification that 'just one beer' would be safe.  Didn't find anything.  If anything I latched onto the philosophy of 'you do you on your SD journey'.  So even before I got to the venue my brain was already going 'Fuck it let's test this out.  One beer'. ..My reasons to not drink going in were 'I want to be fully present' 'I don't want to miss the music by being stuck in a queue or needing multiple toilet breaks' but when I got there the venue had those 'sorted' for me. The bar lines were short (there were SO MANY bars a couple inside so you didn't have to miss a thing) and I was just going to have the 1 so I wouldn't need to pee often (sorry to be gross lol).  The beer was pricey but hey just 1 right?  Everyone else is well on the booze and no doubt spending a fortune me having one beer is SO tame compared to the Smirnoffs and rum and cokes they're smashing...Well as you can probably tell I did not stop at one.  Didn't feel much of the buzz after 1 so my brain said 'hey let's have another and we'll stop when we get the lovely buzz.'  After number 2 it said 'hey this is a nice buzz let's keep this going.'  Ended up having 4 by the time the gig finished.  Waltzed straight into a bar opposite the venue and drank pints until close.  Great it's happened again...Got to bed at 4am woke up with a panic and a rotten hangover lost 4 hours of the morning felt so gross and unpretty (which is not good for mental health in the long run) and did the 'omg wtf did I say or do or shit did I embarrass myself I remember being rather talkative did I go off my rocker on anyone... did I make anyone uncomfortable? playback playback playback ok I think we're ok. phew'.  That wasn't fun.  Don't miss it at all.  And that was a 'harmless' night where no one got hurt.  Had to drag myself out of bed get ready for a pre-planned lunch while dealing with the shame of caving and the realisation that it really wasn't worth it.  Reliased throughout the day that I felt significantly crappier than my sober days and this crappiness lasted well into the afternoon...If I have to pay for it so much today I'd rather not have the artificial risky high last night.  It's possible I can organically build my own confidence to 'let my hair down' without booze.  Drinking any amount really isn't for me...So I'm keeping my badge despite the slip; I want to be kind to myself following this very valuable learning experience. 19th September was my decision date and I am sticking to my goal.  You get one chance foxface.  You slip again you have to reset.  Friday's 'test' proves it and now there's written evidence that I simply cannot moderate.  Me not drinking needs to be non-negotiable because my brain will trick me if I give it even the slightest opening.  And honestly the internal struggle 'to beer or not to beer' was just so damn exhausting.  It distracted me from my excitement towards the music itself.  I don't miss the anxiety and shame that inevitably takes over the following morning.  I certainly don't miss the hangovers and feeling so damn gross for the rest of the day.  I've grown to like sober me and I have all these new exciting things lined up for the week to enjoy without booze.  ..If you got this far thanks for reading.  ..It's half an hour to Monday here and I will not be drinking with you today.  ..And I will say the same thing tomorrow but let's just focus on today.
----------immediate responses--------

I did the same thing but I was alone at home.  My husband left Friday afternoon for a funeral in another state.  I was on my 4th day sober felt amazing was sure I had it beat this time.  So I'm cleaning house like crazy in the morning went to the grocery store patted myself on the back for not buying beer.  But at some point the thought hit me- I could drink and he wouldn't know.  And as soon as that thought hit I recognized it and knew it was over.  That's all it took.  Tried to talk myself out of it but couldn't.  I felt like I was on speed- I was so hyper.  When he left I waited about 15 minutes then headed to the gas station.  I bought a 6-pack of tall boys came home turned on the tunes and started cooking.  It was fun at first I sipped didn't slam.  But then things started to turn.  I started feeling lonely I had nobody to drunk dial.  My thoughts started turning ugly.  I tried to call my brother whom I'm estranged with and he declined my call.  I never would have called him sober and now I've given him the upper hand by calling him and I hate myself for it.  ..Finally finished all the beer and it was still early.  Ate and went to bed.  Passed out then woke up and tossed and turned all of the horrible thoughts going trough my head oscillated between sweating and freezing finally fell back asleep...When I woke up all I could think about was whether I was going to drink again that day.  Of course yes.  Bought a regular 6-pack and it tasted like shit.  Made me feel like shit- didn't enjoy any of it...We don't like drinking but we're addicted.  Alan Carr says it's like how a heroin addict likes the feeling of sticking a needle in their arm.  It's insane.  
I remember I once quit drinking. Just out of nowhere I didn't need to drink anymore. Nothing special happened that I can remember. It went on for a good 6 months. I don't remember how it felt. I guess unremarkable though. I thought everything was fine and it was over then one day I got that craving. Like you I started to rationalize and justify why I could just have a beer.  It's been so long you *can* have just 1 beer. You've been good for a while you deserve a beer.  I went and bought a 12-pack (red flag there since I was just gonna have one...) and of course finished the whole thing. It's been like 5 years now and I haven't been able to get back. I kept that 12-pack of emoty beer bottles in my closet for months... It's doubly frustrating too because I can't remember what happened. How I got to just not drinking. It didn't take any effort or planning or a tough decision or anything. It just happened. Anyways. I hope you find the willpower to do what I can't. Maybe it'll happen again for me one day but I can't see it. I didn't see it coming the first time either though so who knows. Good luck!
Zero is easy.  One is impossible. 
How do you think you can be prepared next time in a similar situation?..
Remember that we deal with alcohol. Cunning. Baffling. Powerful.
Two things: One I completely identify with that feeling of exhaustion surrounding the decision of whether or not to drink. I'm sick of it and it's easier to just say no. Two good for you for keeping your badge. I like them and think they're valuable but I don't like to see people get too caught up with the numbers. Your one night of drinking doesn't wipe out all the process you made before in my opinion...Good on ya and IWNDWYT. 
