-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s5v9u/lost_all_my_friends_due_to_not_drinking_feeling/

So i'm a 20 year old man from a small seaside town in North Yorkshire UK. From the age of 16 I've drank most weekends and had a very very good social life i made friends drinking and i had some good times but as i've grown up and lifes changed i've completely lost the love for alcohol as I feel it's nothing but bad news. I was 9 months sober last year but broke that trying to fit in as i felt my friends were slipping away...Now im 20 years old and again i find myself without friends i have a loving girlfriend who also doesn't drink but i think she is more up for it than me and i don't want to hold her back in anyway. I can now say i have no real friends at all and i feel so lonely.  I have just started an apprenticeship as a plumber and all the lads on my course either drink or smoke weed and im not interested in either. ..My question is how do i deal with the loneliness when my girlfriend is working a late or she decides to go out and how the hell do i make friends i've always struggled with people and i'm always the one whos forgotten about. I just want a friend i know will be there and i can trust. ..My childhood friend has completely forgotten me and has found better as now they meet and do things without me i know im a man and this shouldn't bother me but it does it really hurts to feel left out and let down by someone you've known 16 years..I feel the only thing to do here is drink and that's it i do running and that helps but sometimes it does more good than bad as i get inside my head i joined my local athletics club but didn't fit in much there either...Sorry for the ramble guys i hope you've had a great weekend all of you...Spaceman9898
----------immediate responses--------

What helped me was asking myself if they really were my "friends" if all we did was get fucked up. I don't see my good buddy from 3rd grade anymore simply because now that every time we used to hangout we would get absolutely polluted. Still a dear friend to me that i plan to see on occasion but i realized i needed people who had the same interests as me knew more than me had different aspirations etc..&amp;#x200B;
Hello!  You are so young and it's wonderful to hear that you see alcohol for what it truly is poison!!  I am much older than you but can now see that the friends I drank heavily with were really not friends after all. Keep doing what you are doing. Your building your future right now and I bet you will not look back and wish you would have stayed out in the pubs more. Best wishes.  
If they went away so easily they were not friends. Don't know if you have AA near you but there are many chapters in the UK. ..It will take a bit of time to get over the hump and build a healthy life. 
I found volunteering to be a good way to meet people. 
