-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9scwr2/i_was_sober_for_9_days_last_night_i_drank/

Today I won't. ..I was on antibiotics. I stopped drinking because they interact with alcohol. During this time I realized I felt so good. I went out of town stayed sober for 4 days beyond the antibiotics. I had fun I hardly ever said  wow this would be so much better with a drink.  ..Last night I came home and decided to go for dinner and drinks. I'm struggling very much right now. I have always been a binge drinker but never an every day drinker. I usually feel like crap on Monday better by Tuesday drinking again by Friday. It's a terrible cycle. Lately however I'm a  most days  drinker...My boyfriend drinks probably 5-10 beers a day sometimes more. He doesn't force me to drink it's just something we've always done together. I don't know if our relationship will survive me not drinking he does think it's more  fun  when we both drink however I know he would be as supportive as he could. I just don't think I could be around someone who is drunk all the time if I am sober. I don't want to feel like crap anymore. ..I now know I can't just have one drink I have 6. 8. 10. I stop when I pass out. Today is day one again but I really hope it's day one again for the last time. Thank you for reading. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you are here and thank you for sharing your story - it helps you and us so much. ..Sounds like you've got a lot to think about. I hope and pray for peace and clarity for you as you work through all of this. ..You CAN do this it WILL be okay and you ARE worth the effort and struggle. Peace to you friend and I will not drink with you today. 
It is difficult when someone in your life drinks and you don't.   What "gets" me is we can be low in our checking account and they will go out and spend money on beer.  I see where other sober folks save all their money and I am sitting here still counting my pennies because they are drinking...*Sigh* Iwndwyt 
A "terrible cycle" is the perfect way to describe it.  I'm in a similar boat and have similarly crept up to being a "most days" drinker.  Crazy how that by Friday I can convince myself it's okay to get drunk again... Not going to do it anymore though.  Wish you luck.  Iwndwyt.  
