-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sdfjp/2_weeks_sober_but_struggling_need_advice/

Hey everyone. Sorry if this is a bit long. I have a long complicated history with alcohol so I'm not gonna drag out the details too much. Just an idea about my past: I once drank so much at college during my first week that I was sent to the hospital to be checked my parents sent me to two AA meetings with my grandpa (recovered alcoholic) after I severely clogged a toilet at my house while drunk with friends I stayed relatively good until vet school where it eventually got so bad that last semester I'm pretty sure I could be called a functional alcoholic and spent vacation with my parents in Hawaii where I continued to drink so excessively that one night I had to rush back to the hotel room to vomit. This whole time I knew there were some alcoholics in the family but apparently it and depression are more extensive than I was previously told. Since I learned that info from my mom coming to visit (I told her I had been dealing with signs of depression) I have started on Prozac which has forced me to stop drinking. The past two weeks with that have been tough but I've definitely been feeling better for it. But last night the urge to be able to drink again was so strong that I had to go to sleep just to make it stop. I think the realization that I can never trust myself to drink again is starting to really settle in and it's tearing at me. Does anyone have advice on how to stay strong and fight through the urges better when they happen?
----------immediate responses--------

Watch the Prozac. SSRI withdrawal can be hell.
Talking to other alcoholics has helped me get through those initial cravings. This site is pretty good for that. Meetings getting sober contacts and people I can call has been valuable for my sobriety. 
When I think of "never being able to drink again" I am devastated. So I don't. The whole "one day at a time" thing is such a corny AA cliche but I promise you it works beautifully. "Never again" fills me with despair. "Not today" is easy. Try your best to not even think about "never again". ..As for the urges in the early days I think it's important to have a lot of your favorite comfort foods and snacks on hand and eat as much as you want. Get all the exercise you can too. Tire yourself out and go to bed with a full(ish at least) stomach and get lots of rest. Those are some things that helped me a lot in the early days. The first couple of months are tough but then things get a lot easier and you'll feel so much better. 
I started prozac 16 years ago and quit drinking to be compliant.  However I had hints of self pity that I couldn't drink like  a normal person  After 2 and a half years I asked my prescribing doctor (not a psychiatrist) if I could  have a beer with dinner every once in a while.  10 years later I stopped renewing my prescription because I didn't want to see the doctor and have her  yell  at me about my liver numbers any more...Eventually things got very dark and I reached out for help. I detoxed with my doctor's prescribed medication at home. I went to dual-diagnosis outpatient rehab at the hospital.  Restarted my anti-depressant. I attended AA daily. Read the AA book. Got a sponsor worked the steps. Over 2 years later I'm still sober active in AA healthy responsible to family and community and happier than I've ever been. ..You have more insight into your drinking behavior than I did when I was first prescribed an anti-depressant. Best to you.
