-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sq7xw/three_months_sober_as_of_9_am_yesterday/

I just wish there was someone who realized what an accomplishment this is for me. Nobody close to me knows how bad things got but I guess that doesn't really matter. Every day is a struggle to stay sober but somehow I'm doing it. I just gotta keep doing it.
----------immediate responses--------

Hell yeah!!! That's awesome! Before I got sober I thought 90 days was impossible (that's like 12 weekends to go through!)..Keep up the great work. Early sobriety is tough it's inspirational to read posts like yours. IWNDWYT.  
There are people who realize... us here!  I'm on Day 1 and very inspired by your three months.  
hell yea not that I intend on drinking after 3 months but....3 months is my goal number. It will complete my 1 year journey on sobriety (tho not 1 year sober haha). ..CONGRATS!!!!!!! IWDWYT
I realize! Well done!!! Congratulations. IWNDWYT 
Bravo!!!
Whether you said it not you can almost be guaranteed people notice a difference. Congrats on three months. 
When I was on my first days of sobriety I would hear people getting a chip for 30 days 60 90 6 months and I would sit there in envy and disbelief. How was I going to make it? And you made it! IWNDWYT good job and congratulations on a huge milestone.
Awesome work. This strikes a chord with me. I've been clean for 9 months before and it felt like I didn't have anyone to commiserate with. So glad I've found this community I think it helps a lot of people stay accountable.
3 months is a big deal!  Congrats to you.  I'm sorry to hear that everyday is a struggle.  I hope you can create a life that is filled with satisfaction and joy free from the lies that alcohol shouts from the gutters.  
People may not be saying anything but what you are doing is a real and meaningful thing. You are making your corner of this world a little better by what you're doing. You are brave. Don't get disheartened keep trudging. You are successful to make 3 months. Keep going.
That's amazing! I'm in a similar situation of no one really knowing how truly out of control it had gotten for me and now I'm coming up on three weeks tomorrow and with no one in  real life' to really celebrate although feeling accomplished as hell. This sub and reading posts like yours inspires me daily to keep on keeping on with the good fight. I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT!
Yee yee
Doesn't matter who knows. You die alone. The only thing that matters is your subjective experience. We're all happy that you're making that experience a less miserable and more enjoyable one. Well done. 
That's awesome ! Keep at it Iwndwyt 
We realise! We really do. Anyone who is battling the feelings we all endure should be commended most highly. .Keep it up. IWNDWYT
We know how hard it is! ..I tried doing a 90 day challenge back when I was realizing I had an issue (a decade ago 21) and I made it to maybe 80 days before I gave in. Was always really disappointed in myself over that but it was a good start I guess. ..Took a few more years to hit that milestone for me and I was feeling similarly - can't believe I did it and it's a shame I was too ashamed over my alcoholism to open up to anyone I love about it and express some pride in myself. ..That's what this place is for. Good for you for reals. It's a huge milestone and I honestly felt like once I hit 90 days I passed a big hurdle. ..It's not a 30 day break it's a quarter of a year a season spent sober. It's living sober vs a short break. I thought to myself ok I can do 90 days let's do a year. I only made it to 10 months that time.. and it was a horrifying spiral.. but that spiral was my last at the very least. ..And you start to really look and feel better at 90 days. Woooo it's just the beginning you can do this the hardest part of quitting is out of the way now. ..I think the hardest part of *staying* sober (just from personal experience) is ignoring that  just one  voice not letting your guard down 6910 months in and thinking moderation is a possibility. For me that really got me and I guess I had to experience it myself but it solidified that.. yes I'm an alcoholic I can't moderate or enjoy booze. I simply can't. Sober is the only way to go for me. Variables removed. ..It's ok that I'm an alcoholic - this sub has made me far less ashamed because I know millions of us struggle with this problem. It's fine. I'm fine with it. I've removed the variable of alcohol in my life and now it's no longer an issue. ..There is this beautiful monologue by Craig Ferguson on The Late Late Show about Britney Spears and when she went crazy. He really opened up about his alcoholism. There's this line I always think about *I'm an alcoholic. I don't have a drinking problem. I don't. But I can get one fast.* Craig was such an inspiration to me. He's been very open about it and it's helped me so much. ..Here's the link to that video: https://youtu.be/yGLzpt3caHw .
&gt;I just wish there was someone who realized what an accomplishment this is for me...Well there is... It's you! You know exactly how much of an accomplishment this is for you. Congrats I'm happy with you :)
I realize it! Congratulations IWNDWYT!..Also are you in a rural area? There are AA meetings/chapters everywhere. I know they would all welcome you and love to celebrate with you in person. Keep it up! 
Keep it up!
Hell yea.  Congrats.  IWNDWYT.  Here's to 90 more.
I'm on day 1 too. I totally get 'no one knows how bad it got'
I am SO proud of you! I'm 8 days in. 3 months sounds like a life time to me. But we can do it! IWNDWYT
Good work bro!!' Keep fighting the good fight . IWNDWYT 
That is a huge milestone.  Way to go!  Much healing has occurred.
Congratulations! Three months (or first full season) is quite the milestone!  I will not drink with you today!
Hey hey 90 days!  The fog clears deep slumbers return  anxiety dissipates.  90 is a great time and accomplishment.  Treat yourself to a nice dinner then some rich marble slab ice cream. You deserve it!
Congrats! That must feel so great
Congrats. The hardest thing for me is to the lack of social life. And dating life. It's just all anyone wants to do that I come across. oh well. Keep it up! I will too. 
Congratulations! Way to go! Iwndwyt
Congrats. 3 months is awesome. One day at a time
How did you get through your first week? I feel incredibly stuck I can barely get through 24 hours without drinking...pretty sure my body is dependant on alcohol but I'm not in a position to go to detox...
Fabulous !!
Awesome!
I know how hard it is! Even my husband hasn't  acknowledged my hard work :( as long as you're doing it for yourself I suppose! Congrats!
Well done to us! I'm 3 months tomorrow I think. 
Well done! Personally what I find so difficult about staying sober is simply how *easy* it is to be sober. It's so *easy* to remain sober sometimes that I often feel that I have total control of my destiny therefore I tell myself surely a single beer cannot hurt me... 
