-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sqyi6/just_had_a_devastating_setback_and_i_am_afraid_im/

I am sitting here in the parking lot of the liquor store crying. I have never wanted a drink so bad in my life. ..I just need to get this out.....My mistake was being hopeful. After 2 years filled with painful losses and depression that was unrelenting caught in a spiral of addiction and despair it felt like a miracle to feel hope again...When I lost my steady well paying job 18 days ago I finally understood why people in AA say "my life has become unmanageable". The financial security and structure of full time employment were things I took for granted until I lost them. Going through early sobriety is hard. Going through it when for the majority of your waking hours are spent with nothing to do and no one around to hold you accountable feels all but impossible. ..So when I not only found a job but my dream job last week it felt like a thousand pound weight lifted off my shoulders. My orientation was starting tomorrow and I was beyond excited. But this morning I got a call and was told that there was a problem with my background check which means they can't move forward. My DUI arrest from weeks ago didn't show up but my drivers license status came up as "pending"- and apparently this puts me into some kind of pergutory per their hiring policies. ..What fucking kills me is I didn't even drink and drive! The night it happened I left for work sober as a judge and my tire blew out. It was a graveyard shift so this was around 3am. After contemplating my options I decided to just wait a couple hours and then call my best friend to help me. She's the kind of friend who *would* answer the phone at 3am and come to my rescue but I wasn't going to inconvenience her any more than I had to. ..So I was pulled over on the side of the road with my flashers on. So far so good this is what a normal person might even do. But because I'm a fucking alcoholic I may not have had a spare tire but I sure did have a bottle of vodka in the trunk! Who doesn't carry an emergency 5th with them at all times right? And because I am an alcoholic in posession of alcohol and with several hours to waste I decided why not drink. My boss had unleashed a verbal tirade on me when I told her what happened and I was shaken. I knew deep down I was probably getting fired by the time I hung up the phone. All I wanted was to feel the numbness that only alcohol could provide. Not that I ever needed a "good reason" to drink of course. ..When the cop knocked on my window about 45 minutes later I was actually *relieved*- I was starting to get cold and I thought he might take some pity on me and give me a lift home. When he asked if I had been drinking I was embarrassed but didn't see any reason to lie- not like I was doing something illegal right? Well as it turns out in my state it doesn't matter if your car is completely disabled you are parked and have been for quite some time and your keys aren't even in the ignition but on the seat next to you- you are technically in control of the vehicle and that's enough to get you arrested for DUI and illegal transportation of alcohol if you are dumb enough to gulp down half a fifth of vodka in said circumstances. And that's exactly what happened. ..I'm just so angry. Angry at myself more than anything because at the end of the day this is my fault. Part of getting sober is taking responsibility for your actions and I truly believe that being arrested was something that needed to happen. I was slowly but surely killing myself yet so deep in denial that I would probably be on my deathbed still insisting that I was a functional alcoholic. Still I can't help but feel bitter. At the worst of my addiction I at least made sure I never endangered anyone other than myself-but apparently that doesn't matter because in the eyes of the law I did. ..I'm also terrified because the only way I was going to be able to pay my rent this month (let alone the other mounting expenses) was this amazing job came with a generous signing bonus. I am a single parent right now- my husband and I separated in August- and I feel like I'm failing my daughter. I am a  present and involved parent again and working every day to be the kind of mom she deserves but now I can't even provide for her basic needs...I'm also devastated because I already felt a bond with this client and his family and they were counting on me starting this week. Now THEIR lives are going to be disrupted because of this bullshit. I'm frustrated because this job *doesn't even require me to have a drivers license!*. They don't care if it's suspended revoked or never issued in the first place- but because it shows up as "pending" they can't move forward until the matter is resolved. And my first court date isn't until fucking LATE DECEMBER. And  I won't be able to get a job in my field unless I pass the background check. Which means the chance of getting a job that pays enough to survive is practically impossible right now...And finally I feel humiliated because I had to have this conversation with my (prospective) employer. It doesn't matter what the circumstances are even if by some miracle this gets resolved and I can work for them in some capacity at some point in the future they will always look at me differently. After years of secrets and shame feeling so alienated and alone my sobriety was helping me feel like a normal person again...like an actual human being and not garbage. Like I said it was such a good feeling! But now it's gone. Just like that. Basically I feel like I'm still just a drunk even if I'm not drinking so why not just fucking drink so I can at least feel numb again. ..So here I am. I have 18 days of sobriety and I don't want to throw that away. I don't want to go back to the way I was living before ever. I want to be anywhere other than the parking lot of a liquor store crying...But right now more than anything I really just want a drink. And that's all I can think about. .. 
----------immediate responses--------

Focus on that second to last paragragh- "I have 18 days of sobriety and I don't want to throw that away. I don't  want to go back to the way I was living before ever. I want to be  anywhere other than the parking lot of a liquor store crying."  THAT IS WHAT YOU WANT!  The only way to have it is to drive away once you've pulled yourself together.  
[removed]
Play the tape forward. If you drink you will wake up tomorrow with the same problems compounded with a hangover.
Please play the tape forward. You can make it without drinking. Drinking leads to more depressed feelings the next day. It is just not worth it. You can do this. IWNDWYT.
That really really sucks.  But no matter how bad it is alcohol won't make it better.  Please don't let it win.  Try to think of all the reasons you have not to drink especially you daughter.  We are all here to support you.  IWNDWYT
UPDATE- I am leaving. The lookie loos were making me uncomfortable. I have a phone consultation with a lawyer in an hour and my daughter will be home soon after that- I don't drink when I'm around her. The time it took for me to write that wall of text actually ended up running out the clock for me. I feel pretty confident in saying I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
IWDWYT. 
Way to go for leaving! I totally understand wanting to drink even while the money isn't there but you did the right thing today! IWNDWYT 
Remember were all with you. Push forward. 
Im glad you made it through. ..I know it may not seem like it now and it sounds cliche but maybe this happened because its not your dream job. ..I've had many disappointments but when I look back on my life it has always worked out better than I thought it would. I'll say a prayer for you but I can truly say in confidence that God will provide..Keep your head up IWNDWYT
&lt;3
 Bravo on your 18 days!!!
It sucks that the one thing we relied on to get us through all of the shit in life is also the thing that causes most of the problems. I'm sorry things are so messed up right now but they won't stay that way forever. You have more strength than you believe. Keep sober and keep living. The good times will come back around..IWNDWYT 
