-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sru81/early_recovery_and_i_feel_slightly_autistic/

I'm around four and a half months off the booze only very recently having quit weed. I've isolated almost completely over the last few months and now I'm realising that this cannot continue I can't do it on my own I need a recovery support network or I'm probably going to relapse. That has happened in the past. If I shut myself off from the world I will go back to the drink. Understood...So my social skills are going to be a little rusty I've been alone for quite a while. But I am a little bit surprised by how I've been interacting recently;..\- I feel I've developed a slight speech issue. The "th" and "f" is a little bit of a problem right now haha..\- I could barely speak in the meeting last night. Literally I managed an introduction and then could speak. Almost as if something was straggling me as soon I opened my mouth...\- Generally having to put real effort into socialising with people at work. Struggling with the small talk and only really feeling comfortable communicating with little snippets of information and the odd joke here and there. I used to talk in meetings and my voice would carry. I'm no where near that now...\- Enjoying silence and quite enjoying the isolation even though I know its dangerous for an Alcoholic..\- I'd much rather think than talk right now..I don't really know why I'm posting this but maybe people have some tips and have experienced this before?  It's seems strange to me.
----------immediate responses--------

I dealt with a lot of changes after quitting.  Sometimes my brain felt fuzzy.  At times I had some periods of depression.  I'm realizing that I really enjoy my alone time but that I need to make socializing a priority as well.  I much prefer small groups these days and I make a point to invite a few friends to do something at least once a week. ..I feel that successful socializing has a few components:..Being at ease.  This is a state of being that is internally and externally influenced.  Knowing what situations make me ill at ease and why can be useful.  Building confidence is a slow process for me...Wit and charm &amp; Appearing cool calm and collected. Sometimes I got it sometimes I don't...I'm sensing a theme in *how I appear to others* forming here.  My insecurities about if others will like me or perceive me is directly related to my confidence and any nervous behavior is so counter productive.  ..I'm most successful if I can get over myself.  People won't think about me much one way or another in reality.  I've been trying to ask other people more questions and listen pay attention and compliment them when an occasion presents itself and try and not think about myself so much.  I've found this to be helpful.  Also after a little while I grow more used to the situation and surroundings and lighten up a bit.  ..
at one meeting this girl shared about how when she was first sobering up she had to get use to hearing her voice. so when she shared she knew she wasn't really sharing "solutions" for alcoholism she was just sharing about her day to help get her use to speaking and hearing her voice. it really stuck with me. I didn't realize how uncomfortable I was with sharing and speaking out loud about my "truth". So awesome you are working on it. I am too. IWDWYT. I'll share at a meeting tonight w you too. 
I struggle with talking in meetings. I always feel like I want my delivery to be perfect like I should have a linear train of thought stay relevant to whatever topic the last person brought up or at least have a clear beginning and end. I also feel (internal) pressure to make eye contact with everyone in the room smile and make sure everyone feels addressed. I also have a problem with  p  sounds and worrying that I'm spitting and feel I self conscious about that. I think a lot of that also comes from having been so dehydrated in the past and I find my speech is a lot better when I'm drinking a lot of water. I'm putting so much pressure on what I think other people want from my share that I'm not doing it for ME! A lot of the reasons I drank in the first place comes from people-pleasing and that's a big issue I'm trying to adjust. So these days I'm working on doing what feels comfortable for me - looking at the floor letting my voice shake a little fighting and sharing my share even if it feels like I'm rambling or talking weird. So take this for what it's worth but I'm just rolling with the awkwardness. In and out of the rooms I'm re-learning how to be fully present without being under the influence of booze and weed and I think my body and brain is just going to take time to get used to it. But if I had one piece of advice to impart (and I'm serious about this) it's just talking out loud to myself. Have you seen  My Fair Lady  where they practice saying  the rain in Spain...  out loud? I have my own version of that where I totally talk to myself or sing a song loudly in the shower in the morning. There's something about warming up my voice and belting it out that gets me ready to approach the world. 
I feel the same exact way. My social skills have really suffered due to substance abuse and I have a stuttering problem now making socializing even harder. Hang in there my dude and good luck to you! 
