-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9svejs/how_i_stayed_sober_in_early_days/

I will start with a brief out line of my drinking days...I went through 2 traumatic experiences as a child. This left me feeling rejected and with mixed feelings of uncertainty and not belonging to major depression. ..I was introduced to alcohol at around 17 years of age. I knew no social drinking.  I was full blown alcoholic from day one. ..I quickly progressed from beer to spirits and a few years later to pure spirits. I was driving for effect and nothing more. I was a blackout drinker also remembering little to nothing the next day.  ..I lost nearly every thing in a 9 year time frame.  However I 8 more Yeats drinking left. All down hill...At 9 years or so in I came to AA but only wanted to stop pain of all my drinking brought about.  I did not want to stop drinking. ..I liked blackouts as I forgot childhood problems and problems that my drinking caused.  ..However I did not like problems brought on in drinking and not remembering what I done  where I had been etc...I drove home 5 and 6 nights a week while under the influence of alcohol. I had only 1 accident and only 1 drink driving charge  I am amazed looking back today...After my last drink which was a huge day night drinking to perhaps not so small hours of next day I eventually arrived home in a mixed state of hungover and still under influence. ..I had been married only 3 months prior after a short period of sobriety. ..I had what is known as a sudden spiritual awakening.  This is explained in AA text Big Book. ..I was shown if I did not have the first drink I could not get drunk.  I returned to AA willing to admit I was powerless over alcohol and my life was unmanageable. ..I was willing to go to any length for sobriety. ..I became a regular at AA helping out with opening up for meetings.  Latter being treausurer of a meeting. I had 2 meetings a week as my core ones. I also attended many others as and when I could. ..My Higher Power  played a large part then and still today in my sobriety. ..Now back in 80 s when I first sobered up AA in my city and I believe possibly in a lot of places was not what it is today. ..There was little to no recovery. Meetings were only on drinking. I knew how to do that...I after a time left AA. I since have drifted in and out of it. ..I am how ever a big believer in AA and doing steps with a sponsor. I have seen so many with quality sobriety to believe otherwise. ..I believe Reddit has its place and I see success stories. I myself believe it parrarelled with AA would be a far better foundation. ..I also went to my Doctor for a Check up and referral to mental health care for depression. This for me has helped imensly  ...I alcoholism is a mental obsession coupled with a physical compulsion. ..Once I stoped drinking I no longer had the physical compulsion it does take time. But eventually settled. ..I fond then I no longer had a drinking problem  but a thinking problem. ..I had to change my thinking.  I learned I needed gratitude.  I am today greatful for what I have.  Not ungreatfull for what I don't have. ..I also learned 1 day at a time.  Yesterday is gone.  I can worry about the past but that does not change it. So acceptance was the key here. Just move forward. ..I also learned not to worry about tomorrow.  I did not have to fear and think this or that may happen.  Just live today...Just 1 day I had to be sober. When a day was too much and that was often in the early days  I learned  1 hour or even 1 Minuit at a time...I learned no matter how bad things seemed  a drink would not make it better.  Only worse. No matter what I could not take the first drink.  It was mot the 2nd 3rd drink that done the damage. It was the first...Today I know I can never drink as social drinkers do  To me it is poison. I am alergic to it. Just as someone may be alergic to peanuts etc...These things are the foundation of my sobriety and have stood the test of time for over 28 years.  23rd December will be 29 years. ..I trust if you are new or struggling to stop. This may give you hope for the future. ..We are here to support and encourage any who need or want help...I wish you well...Your Friend in sobriety John. ..        
----------immediate responses--------

Thx for sharing John. Good to get perspective on early days as well how you turned that into long term sobriety.
Thank you for posting. This is day 1 for me tomorrow day 2... and my mother is in the next room drunk. It's chaotic here and very tempting to just go numb. Then I get bored if I don't have it I think I just need a schedule or some hobbies and a social life. 
It is poison! I'm allergic... I'll start saying that from now on! Hahah. Thanks for sharing John I'm at one month today and experiencing life with all the ups and downs with a clear mind!! And loving it!!
The gospel of John he who speaks the truth. .Well done sir well done. .IWNDWYT  
Fantastic post John!..Thank you kindly for sharing how you did it...gives me great inspiration :).
Hi John a huge thank you again. Your posts always contain such wisdom display such deep reflective learning and are so completely generous in your sharing that I am so moved every time I read one. Thank you so much for your support and WOW congratulations on your continued sobriety - roll on December  . I will not drink with you today though.
Thanks for this.  My path was similar differing only in details...Recovery has been good to me too.
Thanks for carrying the message.  Sober in serenity in service today.
John thank you for this little fragment of your story; I relate to a lot of it. I ended up in rehab at age 20. I found a lot of help from many sources including AA. Fortunately where I lived at the time (Minneapolis) there were a lot of young people staying sober so I was able to find people I related to. ..I like this sub a lot. I'll have to take a bit of time soon to write up some of my story like you did.
