-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9t1fqh/had_to_reset_my_badge_not_a_good_feeling/

Had almost 4 months and relapsed and relapsed hard. It's an awful feeling. But the people I've reached out to and told have all told me the same thing.  No one is angry with you we love you all the same and are here for you.  ..Relapsed unfortunately happen but like Alfred from Batman says. Why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves back up. Time
----------immediate responses--------

Right there with you today man.  Made it a month and spent the 6 days drinking an insane amount.  Feel like crap all over again
Yea relapsing suck big time. One thing I learned though is to look back at why I relapsed. Not just the day off but the couple weeks before it. I'd usually find that I was depressed or lonely and did nothing about it. Those two are my big triggers and I try to keep on top of them. It's great that you have people supporting you. I'm sure you can do this! Wish you the best.
You got this! Luckily relapsing doesn't invalidate your previous time spent sober...I sometimes think of my last relapse as one of the best things to happen to me this year. I had 8 months under my belt but I was miserable the whole time. Since relapsing I've taken a new approach to it all and it's been better. It was like a hard reset on my mentality. Hopefully you can have a similar positive feeling going forward :)
That Alfred is a wise man indeed   congratulations on the 4 months and for having the strength to get back on the horse x
Get back up on that horse and realize where you went wrong and try to avoid that at all costs. Good luck to you and stay strong!! IWNDWYT 
Unfortunately it seems like it's part of the journey many times. I'm just trying to keep my mind straight about it. For me my brain is all too happy to forget all the pain and misery I caused and went through while I was a drunk but my mind is always so quick to help me forget how much shame and misery I felt after a relapse especially if I start heading (and thinking) down that ugly road again.  I always have to remind myself that voice in my head isn't me talking I'm the one who gets to choose to listen to it or not. It's the present tense and you are back that's most important. I will not drink with you today. 
It took me the best part of two decades to realise that I couldn't have 'just one' under *any* circumstances. The knowledge you've gained is invaluable. ..You might have lost your points but you know how to play. ...[resume without fuss](http://art.zerflin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Sir-Terence-David-John-Pratchett.jpg)
So if it was nearly four months let's call it 120 days. That means you were sober for at least 119. So that's about 99.2% sober time AND ONLY 0.8% drinking. ..Seems like you're VERY GOOD at sobriety to me.   ..Acknowledge this and be a really kind and compassionate friend to yourself right now. You deserve it and you're worth it. ..And FWIW I've relapsed many many times. Even after several multi-year stretches. But learning about AND ACTUALLY BEING kind compassionate and accepting of myself has made all the difference this time around. My $.02. ..Best wishes. Thomas Seattle Wash USA
I hear you. Today would have been a milestone for me but I'm going to shake it off and try to keep my spirits up! Glad to be inspired by the collective wisdom on this thread!
I've relapsed too and it is an awful feeling.  Good luck from here on out.
Its a learning curve ! The great thing is Gods grace is always here when we are done with anything! I did the same thing and have been drinking for the past month off and on. Last night I had 2 glasses of red wine woke up this morning and dumped the rest of that bottle. So today I will try again! 1/11/2018 here we go we are in this together friend!
I threw away 520+ days 2 weeks ago. I'm at day 3 now but I know that as long as I maintain the memory that it always ends up the same and ignore the "I can have just one tonight" in my head that I can get another run again. This is my 41st badge here on SD. And I am looking forward to making it last as long as I can. You can do it too. Just dont dmgive up.  
I had 28 days  then I drunk  really horrible and dangerous situation  on day 3 now but still feel like crap I never want to go through this again
