-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9t5pvd/friend_was_kind_of_run_off_from_aa_so_i_told_him/

He has been relapsing a lot in the past year....I have several times myself and am on day 9 now. I'm not in AA so I don't have a lot of feedback for him. I do only online recovery and I am happy with that. From what he said he tried the only two AA meetings in his small town did everything they told him to but because of his relapses they iced him out and said he was giving AA a bad name because of his relapses and that ppl might think the 12 steps didn't work...I don't know what to tell him he is really upset. Any advice would be great! Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Please tell him we'd love for him to join us!
He'd never be treated like that at any meeting I frequent. We never show anyone the door. Keep coming that's what you hear around this town. Try other meetings He's not giving AA a bad name. We have folks who relapse every time they have money and come back when they don't and they are always welcome. That's one of the wonders of AA is that I've been thrown out of loads of places and told never to come back but at an AA meeting I'm always welcome. That's how it's supposed to be.
I was a serial relapser myself same thing I heard in the rooms was 'keep coming back'.sounds like your friend found some BS room. ..It's a good suggestion to use here there is also loads of great AA talks on YouTube as well as Skype meetings. Recovery can be found online too main thing is to keep identifying the problem and reaching out to other recovering Alcoholics...And it's worth it I'm 18months sober and already seeing a life I never thought possible. 
I'm sorry he had that poor experience. Love and kindness is our code.  I know people who relapsed in and out of the rooms for years before it stuck.  I just did my relapses before I knew what AA was. I love AA.  I hope he can find other IRL resources.
First the only requirement for membership in AA is a desire to stop drinking. That's all. If they push him out because of relapsing then they are violating the third tradition...That said while a frequent relapser is always welcome I have seen people stop offering help as enthusiastically. Similar as when my daughter wanted to learn guitar but would never practice. I stop trying to help her learn but was more than willing to resume if I saw her start taking some action and practice regularly. 
