-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tflek/what_is_inpatient_detox_like/

Hey everyone. I've posted about a few failed attempts on this sub and I'm struggling so hard. I've been contemplating a detox program and I've talked to my therapist about it. ..It's on the table and I have possible places to go but I just wanted to know if any of you could share your experiences. ..I've been to a psychiatric hospital and I imagine that a detox facility is similar which terrifies me. I gotta do what I gotta do but I would like a decent idea of the rules and regulations of these places...Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

It's not fun...Generally uncomfortable shitty food and punishing boredom...But sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
My inpatient experience was quiet and a bit lonely. It was over 36 years ago though so I'm sure it is different now. I was given medication so I detoxed safely. I slept a lot. 
Upon entry you will hand over all of your clothes to be searched then washed before available. During that time you'll be given paperish feeling scrubs that will be annoying as shit for a couple hours until you're laundry is done. Urine and breathalyzer tests when doing paperwork and nude search to make sure you're not smuggling anything inside. That's the worst part of the program in my opinion. ..Afterwards you will get assigned to your room and shown around the facilities. You may be sharing a bedroom with a few strangers (of the same sex) so be prepared going in. Then you will receive your meds for whichever drug of choice you are recovering from. ..Unetheical but saying you're an alcoholic as well as your addiction will get you on 2 different detox meds that will help with anxiety and sleep. I was told by almost every heroine and crack addict that the alcohol meds helped them sleep so take that or leave it...I was a half gallon a day alcoholic and I didn't say anything other than alcohol going in. All other patients warned me that alcohol was the worst by far to detox from and once again I was surrounded by people speed balling H and crack...Recovery programs will consist of 1 on 1 therapy group therapy group exercises and AA/NA meetings that you are required to attend. ..Meals will consist of breakfast brunch snack lunch midday snack and dinner. I think getting 5 different eating times a day is what helps to get your body's clock and diet back on track...Where I went had smoke breaks after each of the meal times. I dont know if that's common practice but I would find that out if you're a smoker...Phone time is usually 10-15 minutes twice a day. 1 in the morning and the other after lunch or dinner your pick...Words of wisdom:..You will have little to no privacy for your safety and others so prepare for that...Even though you are hurting respect your nurses and doctors as if you're in church. Yes ma'am no sir. Those people are fighting a shitshow 24 7 and they are there to help you. Let them and dont take your frustration out on them. They don't deserve it...Bring sudoku crosswords a new book a large print bible (if religous). They have bibles there but they are mind numbingly small. This will replace not being able to play candy crush all day (cellphones are not allowed)..Ask about breathing/meditation techniques. Your breathing can drastically change the way your body feels and the way you feel mentally...The programs work I'm sober and I'm very thankful that I made the decision to go. Keep an open mind about it all. Even if some of their questions/therapy are childish enjoy them as much as you can...Dont think that you're cured as soon as you hit the door. I relapsed immediately and was right back in their because I felt like my old self and that I had won. Recovery is forever. There's no magic pill and something like 70% of patients relapse in the first 6 months. So take it seriously...Once you take the first pill from them you are stuck there for at least 72 hours. They can legally hold you until the detox medicine is out of your system. So don't think you can get your fix and bounce. You will not leave unless the police escort you to jail of course...Bring socks a hoodie and sweatpants! And no strings allowed. Pull strings will be removed from all clothing. (Dont wear fancy stuff in there because they will cut that shit up to de-string it)..I sincerely hope that this helps and that you get better. Even though I'm a stranger feel free to msg me anytime. Sometimes you just need someone to listen to...Best of luck my friend..-Kyle
In my case I was just admitted to the hospital. There were nosearches or anything like that. They took my purse and cell phone. The first two days I was in a hospital gown but after that I got my clothes back. ..I shared a room with someone. The meds pretty much made me sleep which was great. I was exhausted. ..There were regular meals and different activities. Some meetings focused on getting sober. It was not a really bad experience. It got me sober. I went right into a partial hospitalization program where I went to a group  meeting every day to talk and learn about alcohol addiction. I am stjill sober.
