-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9th6hu/a_mental_trick_that_has_helped_me/

In my previous years of therapy I learned some mental practices to combat anxiety. Since I decided to quit drinking I've taken what I've learned and used it for the battle against craving for alcohol...Firstly even though this helps me it might not be your thing. We all have different structures in our minds...The idea  is to create a mental picture or a personification out of alcoholism. I'm a long time roleplayer so this part for me was intuitively easy; my alcoholism is named Proverbial Demon Alcohol (PDA for short). He looks like a rat and sits on my left shoulder whispering temptations to my ear...Things that my PDA says are: ."you've earned a pint."."All the great poets drank it's a source of inspiration!"."No one quits drinking not really. Why fight a battle you cannot hope to win?"."Everyone relapses it's ok so lets go for it today."."You come from a cursed family line of alcoholics it is your destiny."."Didn't you have a good time with booze? Soberness is misery."..Even though these are my personal thoughts and emotions it helps to imagine them outsourced to another personality. If someone in real life would say those things to me I would grow angry and tell them to piss off. So what do we answr to the temptations layd before us by the PDA?..IWNDWYT! Fuck off you rat faced bastard I'm not going to listen your alluring lies!..Hope this is helpfull. What does the PDA say to you and how do you respond?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
My PDA would be myself eyes glazed angry at random things..A good person in my own mind (and opinion) but a boorish mean jerk to everyone who loves him. God help me I've sabotaged and hurt myself more and better than anyone else could. .Your strategy / trick is a good one though. I'll give it a shot. Call him my booze goblin. Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT.
*fuck off you rat faced bastard!*..This made me laugh   You tell him! Glad you've found something that works for you thanks for sharing.
Huh this was helpful. I want to give mine a name and a character now...Mine talks all kinds of garbage nonsense. Best worst line? Well you haven't had a drink in 8 months how about half a bottle of tequila?  
Huh this was helpful. I want to give mine a name and a character now...Mine talks all kinds of garbage nonsense. Best worst line? Well you haven't had a drink in 8 months how about half a bottle of tequila?  
Good stuff! I call my PDA  Boozy Soozy . These days she lives in the back seat of my car! She doesn't even try to come in the house anymore!
This is really really helpful thank you!  What a great tip!..I visualise an actual pint of beer on my shoulder actually saying pretty much the same things as your rat faced bastard.  I struggle with this still I think because the image of beer itself is still quite alluring.  I'm going to need to make my PDA visually disgusting.
I like this! Care to share your character for anxiety?
Amazing that no matter what name or face we put on it...Booze Goblin here...it has one character flaw in common. IT IS A F***ING LIAR! Stay strong! Peace
Well done my friend.....Glad this helps you...I have a mental trick I play...I have 3 addictions I am in recovery from. I have app for counting days. ..I total up days sober. Gives me bigger number. ..I have many other things I use also...Just for today I will be sober with you ..Your Friend John     
Mine is affectionately named Patricia from the movie Split by my oldest sister. She's locked away in the attic space of my mind where I have watched her for the last 2 decades run my life in such a hedonistic manner. Man did we have a great run. Or did "we"?..The problem started when I chose the safety of the attic space and let my demon take control. Nightmare hell is where I ended up. Finally tried the knob and realized the door was unlocked. ..She's in there now and the door remains unlocked. It's taken a long time but I understand me now. Alcohol is no good for me never really was.
