-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tkgx4/i_just_cant_seem_to_stop/

Newbie here so be kind. ..&amp;#x200B;..Not really even sure what I'm doing here. I know I have a problem I know my girlfriend has a problem. I know we both have problems. But neither of us can seem to stop. We drink. I don't even know if we like drinking I just think that we do it because it's something to do together. ..I had weight loss surgery last year and switched my food addiction to an alcohol addiction. My girlfriend as a baby had issues with her kidney and had to have surgery so now she only has one and my biggest fear is that she is damaging the one and only she has. ..&amp;#x200B;..We struggle every day with whether or not we are going to drink and clearly the addiction is too strong for us to fight these days. Some weeks we drink every day and some weeks we are able to have one day off. We try to go for two and usually the battle is lost. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm so tired of fighting. I'm so tired of feeling like absolute trash the next day. I'm so tired of struggling to feel anything any more these days. I just want to stop but I don't believe I am strong enough for myself or for both of us...&amp;#x200B;..This post is all over the place so I apologize. Just ramblings. I don't have anyone else to talk to. 
----------immediate responses--------

Some of us needed help. From therapy or AA Smart refuge recovery......You can do it too
You can do it! It's not easy or fun sometimes but it's better than being stuck in that vicious cycle. ..One thing I would caution...don't base your path on hers. Gotta strap your own oxygen mask on first y'know? If you're committed to not drinking and she invites you to do you say no?..I started not drinking by reading *This Naked Mind*. It's recommended a lot for good reason I never thought a self help book would actually work but I was absolutely done with drinking after I finished it. That carried me through the first few weeks while the alcohol was getting out of my system and I've been on here daily to keep it a priority...Other people swear by AA or having a discussion with a Dr. Try all of them if you want...Good luck you can do it iwndywt.
One upside is that if you both make the decision to stop drinking you have each other for support!..Allen Carr has a book to quit drinking that I'm book clubbing with a sober friend right now. It's been really helpful! ..
First of all welcome. Giving up alcohol isn't easy so be kind to yourselves. The first few days (especially the first few tries) is frustrating overwhelming and tough. The scenarios I'm familiar with are similar to what you describe: (1) I wake up feeling like shit and later in the day as the alcohol leaves my body I think the only way to feel 100% is to drink again or (2) I make it a day feel better and forget the damage I just recovered from so I drink again. IMO these are both symptoms of the addiction but they can be overcome. The cycle does get easier to break over time. I started by reading [Allen Carr's *Easyway To Control Alcohol*](https://books.google.com/books?id=yPlPhQNv3RcC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false). This was a game changer in my thinking and as long as I didn't give up giving up it has proved monumental.
Just stop.  It's simple.  Just stop... ..&amp;#x200B;..For the first few days the two of you do something where you can't drink.  For example go out to a movie...  The first few days are the hardest.  After about a week it gets easier.  You just have to really want it...&amp;#x200B;..It also helps to change your mindset about what alcohol is and what it is doing to you.  ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I'm only on day 4 but changing my routine helped tremendously. I didn't sit at my usual computer spot I slept in the living room I went to grocery stores or other places I didn't usually go. For me it seems like my whole life is different and not just the lack of alcohol. 
Hey and welcome :)...If you're interested here's a link about [what to expect at a recovery group meeting](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_what_happens_at_a_.5Bwhatever_recovery_group.5D_meeting.3F)...We also have an IRC here where you can chat with others 24/7. The amazing people in that room have helped me so much. Shout out to IRC!..Looking forward to seeing you here more often.
I see these new people posts here all the time and they always lack the most important thing: a plan...You have the desire now how are you going to accomplish it?
I think it's really promising that you said you don't even know if you like drinking. I started to feel this way towards the end after many years of heavy drinking. It allowed me to open my mind to the possibility that alcohol may not be the be-all-end-all  as it is espoused to be by society. I found that alcohol had actually duped me. I loved the idea and the fantasy of what I thought drinking was to me. In reality it isolated me made me fat made me feel like shit got in the way of the things I truly care about in life and just wasn't as fun as I once thought. I know it get recommended all the time here but the book This Naked Mind really helped me see these things. In my experience the book really lives up to the hype.
Face yourself man it's the only way.
You may be surprised sounds like my bad habit may be not not a physical addiction.  Like you and your partner we both liked a drink.  We stopped together and promised ourselves not to talk each other into drinking.  We have both done a month...I have had no really bad cravings but a month in I have started questioning why are we not drinking and asking was it really that bad...It wasn't rock bottom or everyday due to work but it was getting more serious in terms of time drinking and quantity.  Long term we were damaging our health and dedicating too much time drinking.  Normal days off work I was drinking at 4pm and drinking about 5/6 medium strength beers...Give it a go you may be surprised once you've broken the habit it may not be as hard as you think.  Good luck hope you both can help each other!  .
You can take steps to stop. Talk to a doctor look into detox and rehab programs. Go to AA meetings. It sounds like you both want to stop. If she does not want to stop you cannot make her. We all have to decide this for ourselves. 
I have screwed up so many times I can't remember how many! If I fall I get back up and try again each time trying go longer than the last. I lose some battles but overall I'm winning the WAR! I'm back at Day 1 today after 6 sober. Remember it's progress not perfection just keep getting back up if you fall. It's not easy for me. At one time I had 8 years sober! I know now to never say never when it comes to drinking. I can only commit for today that was so hard for me to grasp starting out if you need to you can break it down to minutes or hours instead of a full day. Cravings will peak and then slowly go away I just have to ride them out distraction works good here too. I recommend reading "This Naked Mind". Good luck this is doable but difficult at times at least for me. I'm battling a Demon that has lived with me most of my life and he's a trickster mind game playing M'FR!!!
The thing for me was actually committing to not-a-drop. I tried for over a year to do "moderation" and each time it ended in relapsing/nightly drinking. Once I made up my mind that there were no compromises that I would consume absolutely zero for a while it was like the decision was already made for me whenever I felt like drinking...I'm only 9 days in and it hasn't been super easy but overall going well so far.
You're taking this first step! Great suggestions above! For me the insanity finally stopped when I admitted I was powerless over alcohol and my life was unmanageable. That's AA verbiage but it resonated with me so perfectly. ..It took many try's but seems to have finally stuck this time. ..You can do it! This sub has so many great tools for all stages of sobriety! ..IWNDWYT    
I was sick and tired of being sick and tired. ..I tried almost daily for 17 years.  I lost...I had to find another way. ..I had to admit I was powerless over alcohol and my life was unmanageable. ..I then learned 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves me but today. ..1 day to be sober.  If a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..To date this has stood by me. ..Your Friend John         
I'm so sorry that you're in that place. Just realizing that you don't even like drinking is a huge step! It feels really scary to finally stop but it doesn't have to be! Sending positive vibes your way. 
I hear you.  My buddy said it best  nothing changes unless something changes.   I'm on day 32 without drinking.  Here are a few things I'm currently doing to help.  I'm going to a drug and alcohol specialist weekly.  I have to have plans every Friday or Saturday night keep busy and keep my mind off things.   I reached out to a buddy of mine Who is 7 years sober and asked if I can talk to him when I'm struggling.  I've started to tell all my drinking buddies I'm not boozing to lose weight(lol I'm too much of a pussy to tell them the truth right now).  I'm trying to do cardio 4-5 days a week to help out with anxiety and get that natural dopamine and endorphins going.  My homework from my specialist is to go to my first AA meeting this week(I'm scared af to go for some reason I guess cuz it's finally admitting I have an issue).  I hope you can get some ideas from this cuz it seems to be working for me...Maybe try to figure out one or two things a week that you can do to progress.  I started coming on here reading testimonials every year around January for the past 2 years.  And I'm just now making some changes.  Good luck!
