-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tkr41/community_response_to_tsm/

I'm using the Sinclair Method (TSM). ..Using this method a dose of naltrexone is taken one hour before drinking and it stops an individual from enjoying it. Over time alcohol is no longer a temptation and the addiction can subside completely...The medication itself is not addictive and as you decrease the frequency of drinking you also decrease the frequency in which you take the medication...Since using TSM my drinking has significantly lowered and as time passes I feel increasingly indifferent to alcohol. Meaning that even when the medication is not in my system anymore I do not desire alcohol...I'm on a path that supports sobriety without having to  white knuckle  my way through or struggle with the physical addiction...Many people have been supportive but some haven't. This kind of bothers me as true criticism is welcome but simply just being against a method without explanation is annoying and unhelpful...Alcoholism is different for all of us as we are all individuals... thus all people succeed using different methods. I wish people would understand this and let go of their dogmatic views.
----------immediate responses--------

If I have learned anything here at SD it is that every method has people it works for and people it doesn't work for.  I am glad TSM is working for you.
Hi. This post has been removed because it violates our rule not to criticize other people's posts (saying that other people have "dogmatic views"). If you would like to post about your own experience/success with TSM you are free to. Just be sure not to be negative about others. Thank you.
This approach is really interesting! Just out of curiosity is this method something someone's doctor recommends? Or is the medication prescribed with the idea of not drinking at all? Does it just make you not get  buzzed  so drinking isn't enjoyable or does it make you sick and that breaks the link in your brain that alcohol is fun? I'm just really curious! 
Oh... so I'm having trouble seeing why anyone would knock that method lol
