-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tvu9e/30_days_sober_its_different_this_time/

I'll keep it short and sweet because I know my journey is just begining. Had a rough adolescence struggled with depression since puberty and never had many friends. Developed a drinking problem in college because it helped escape the depression and made me feel like I was finally part of the "in-group" and had friends - even though I was alone for 90% of my drinking.  Got an apartment the third year of school that was a 3 minute walk from a popular liquor store. Found my soulmate kept on drinking...Fast forward 3 years to the present. Earned my 4 year degree in 5 and a half years in a subjectively easy and useless area of study. 3 months single from that relationship that my drinking played a big part in ending. And living in a less than desireable neighborhood in a rundown apartment with a broken futon and airmattress for furnishings...BUT I finally made that decision to sober up but this time its different I have no plans to dry up/clear up and go back to "moderating" myself. This time its a lifestyle change and I'm already learning so much...Ive lurked on this subreddit for couple years now always averting my gaze and quickly scrolling past the posts in my drunken guilt but lately I've been reading and realizing the wonderful truths that is  /stopdrinking...My anxiety is slowly going away. I'm more engaged social and productive at work. My nervous stutter is lessening. I have more energy every day. SLEEPING. And serious reflection on who I am or what I was and learning what life is like in like in this new body...My life is not perfect right now and there are always bad days but I know this is the right choice and that I am finally back on the right track. I won't drink with you today and thank you /stopdrinking  we're all gonna be okay!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days!  I just joined going to try for day one.
That realization that you were doing this for real not just a 'dry month' or whatever length of time then going back to attempt moderation... That was one of the best feelings I've had on this journey. Not deluding myself anymore into thinking I can drink like a normal person was surprisingly freeing. ..Congrats on 30 days and keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT
Nice work on the 30 days keep at it - it keeps getting better!
