-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tydp0/errrrr_do_you_struggle_with_the_need_for/

I cannot wait for any fucking thing.  Any thing.  If I want it I want it right now and don't understand the concept of "later tonight" or "how about Wednesday?" or whatever. ..By the end  even though I knew alcohol was poison that was destroying my life and putting me through immense pain  I still loved how immediate it was.  Like it will produce results immediately. ..You guys... I'm not playing around here I think I favor death over "waiting". It's such an issue.  I mean  it's lucrative if you can channel that energy into certain professional settings but beyond that IT SUCKS. ..At 38 I'm hesitant to look into meds for this.  I'm curious if this is a common trait among those who suffer from addiction and if so how do you deal with it?
----------immediate responses--------

I find I have zero patience. Maybe that's part of me being susceptible to addiction. Drives my husband nuts that I can't be patient. When something pops into my head like something I want to do or make for food I need to do it immediately. Drives me nuts that I'm like that but I can't help it. 
I also have a problem with impatience. I didn't even know I had this problem until about two months ago. Someone had to point it out to me. "You're just like your father no patience." I always figured I had the patience of a Saint! I put up with a lot of crap from my loved ones and hardly ever fight with my SO never fought with my siblings or parents as an adult etc. I'm a classic middle child anti-confrontation.. Except I've discovered I have no patience. I get abnormally frustrated when something is broken at work or when my internet connection lags etc. I can literally feel my blood pressure rise in these situations. I have wondered if it's a personality flaw that could be related to my addiction. ..More importantly I want to know how to become less irritable and impatient. It's a personality trait I don't like in others and I hate to see it in myself.  I'm working on breathing exercises and self awareness and I should start meditating again. 
There are many tools/methods and I got great results with cognitive behavioral techniques.
You have put your finger exactly on the crux of the problem.  I struggle mightily with the natural tension between short-term pleasure and long-term pain.  Alcoholism and other drug addictions epitomize this natural trade - off.  ..Recovery is exactly the opppsite short term pain (withdrawal healing) resulting in long-term pleasure (sobriety).  Physical fitness or losing weight is exactly the same - think about donuts or some other guilty pleasure.  How much fun are the first few days/weeks lifting or on the treadmill?  Ouch!  I believe your experience is very common among humans and particularly alcoholics and addicts.  I know I can relate.  ..One major problem with addictions is that the body develops a physiological need for the drug that goes beyond simple short/long term decision making (executive brain function).
I think this is a trait found in many alcoholics. I have several close friends who have entered recovery before or after me in the last few years and we all have issues with desiring instant gratification...One goes shopping everyday (thrift stores and such thank goodness) I eat a lot of candy. Whatever gets you through the day without a drink...IWNDWYT.
I'm not sure if it's correlated with alcoholism but it could be an impulse control issue. Do you meet any of the criteria for ADHD?
I found that with timetherapy some proper antidepressants meditation and working the steps that I am way more patient than when I was drinking.  I can get irritated at thingsbut I am better able to step back and chill out. I also used to buy lots of stuff when I was drunk because I wanted it now.  I now have been able to save money and spend it on things I truly want.  Even thenI can sometimes forego them if I let a little time pass...The longer I am sober the easier it has become.  Perhaps try some meditation apps that have guided meditations for impatience.  ..
I am not a professional but I think the impatience and immediate gratification is a symptom of larger issues. I always had issue with that but being in therapy and quitting drinking has made it sorta go away without me noticing. At least it has greatly improved...One of my personal issues that I've worked on was sitting with my emotions. If you go through the emotion instead of trying to change it or silence it you'll feel better and it actually goes away. Harder to explain through text but this is something I've been practicing with help from a therapist. I'd highly recommend therapy if you can swing it!!!
