-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u3nfp/life_at_75_months/

Hi SD! It's been a long time since I posted here. However I still use the tools and techniques learned from this subreddit on an almost daily basis. Things are about to get a bit more challenging for me in life but in a GOOD way and I've learned to blow off a little steam here before I become overwhelmed. It helps with the urges so thank you all for that. When I struggle you inspire me &lt;3 ..&amp;#x200B;..When I decided to stop drinking it had been in the back of my head for years. I had tried to cut down drink moderately several times. I didn't want to quit 100 percent because I "loved" booze. I'm a chef and I worked at an upscale micro-brewery. It kind of hurts to type that- but joking aside I let's just say I wasn't living life to the fullest. I was overworked drank as often as I could considering suicide and things were just escalating out of control. I know it sounds dramatic but I felt eaten alive by guilt and shame fighting off a coke habit that always returned if I drank enough. I hope it doesn't sound like I'm throwing a pity party- I think I just need to get this all of my chest. In retrospect a year ago almost exactly I was spiraling toward rock bottom and had no idea what was to come. ..&amp;#x200B;..I quit my job and thought I could restart from there. I blamed everything but my own drinking habits for my anxious and depressed mental state and turned to drink when things went sour as a result. Took a more "professional" institutional position elsewhere with less temptations- it made me feel like a weak failure. Moved to a safer quiet and nicer apartment. I still drank out of control and almost lost this sweet new job. I almost lost my relationship- and began vomiting blood etc. I felt like death at 33. Like most of you I searched the net for support once I truly realized I needed help. After all I'm too socially awkward for AA too broke for therapy (or was). ..&amp;#x200B;..I was dedicated and worked hard- some days I was here posting and commenting on SD all day sometimes. I stopped going out at all and it was a painful fucking process if I'm being honest. The first month was hell. I have a hard time admitting it but I'm proud of myself. Sometimes I grieve the old me or my old life- some friendships have sort of faded. But so many new things are blossoming! Life is sort of exciting now if that makes sense.  New work friends that are an actual positive influence new hobbies such as crochet promotion and better work performance better relationships better sleep and mornings more money more energy better skin/ hair/ teeth and best of all some sense of control over my life! These are the things that I think of when I say no thank you I don't drink. I had to say it the other day in a VERY difficult situation and I fucking rocked it you guys. My next step is to lose all of this weight I gained from eating my feelings away. But as many of you reminded me take it slow and steady. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you read this far thanks and have a beautiful Sunday. IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 7.5 months of freedom! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
I love success stories.  Thank you for sharing.  I'm also hooked on crochet.  :)
222!!! Hooray!!!
Heard chef!..&amp;#x200B;..I'm in an eerily similar situation; brewpub drunken coke decisions and all. So far I'm only 4 days into dropping the bottle but reading this has helped harden my resolve in my decision to better various aspects of my life moving forward. You made it 7.5 months then i guess that's my new goal post. At any rate I've gotta finish my morning coffee and get ready to head out for a hopefully smooth sunday service will no callouts or broken equipment...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you... 
Your story is very encouraging and similar to mine in many ways -- The shame spural the damn coke that I only wanted in bender mode. Ugh. Thank you for sharing! 
Awesome story! IWNDWYT 
Yep the coke was what triggered me to stop. I used some at a party. My young kids were there. What the actual hell was I doing? I was drunk of course. Never again. 
Congrats on the new you! IWNDWYT!!
