-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u5rjc/decided_to_try_to_quit_on_november_1st_currently/

Hi all. First time poster to this subreddit this is my introduction. I'm using an alt account because I am a mod on a fairly large sub (500k+ subscribers) and do not feel comfortable posting from that account about my personal struggles. I've reviewed the sidebar and FAQ and hopefully this is okay to post?..So I have been drinking heavily every day for 2.5 years now. I used to never drink because it wasn't fun to do so alone or when out because I was worried about having my faculties compromised. Once I met my husband I began enjoying drinking but then we were victims of an armed home invasion and ever since then we have both had very unhealthy coping mechanisms. For him it's cigarettes for me it's alcohol. We have been in counseling for the trauma for the last 2 years but the problems with substance abuse remain...I have tried to stop drinking with a lot of different tricks and none have worked. I did AA for a year last year visiting all the meetings near me but the people and the program were not a good fit for me. I managed to cut down to 5-6 drinks a day this summer and wanted to give sobriety a shot at least through November and December to see if it would improve my insomnia and depression. I have failed every day this month so far. Last night I told myself "Only one and then tomorrow none" and I ended up drinking so much I puked and have lost memory of some of the evening...Obviously moderation is not the answer. But I also am now willing to confront the fact that I can't do this alone. A full moratorium on alcohol is the only way. My husband is supportive but I would like to be active in this community in an effort to reclaim this 2 month goal and actually follow through. Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried a therapist with a background in addiction? That's what turned it around for me.
This Naked Mind by Annie Grace was a lifesaver for me. She also has a 30 day Alcohol Experiment  free online. 
I'm sorry you are struggling.  Your doctor may have some suggestions for quitting safely. Was there something specific about AA that didn't work?  It can be a flexible program.  Some groups are different than others. 
Hey how are you doing? 
