-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u9248/i_started_drinking_again/

I decided to get drunk on Friday. I planned on only drinking a little bit but I ended up blacking out and buying another bottle. Spent a shit ton of money that I don't have and didn't show up for work. Lost my job cancelled plans with my mom because I was too hungover to function. I had 5 months of sobriety and I threw it away. My family and friends have been so supportive and I just keep letting them down. I feel like whenever I start to finally get my shit together I find a way to sabotage myself. I'm so frustrated and so goddamn sick of feeling like a fuck up...I know that the only solution is to not drink. It's a daily struggle. But I am not going to drink tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

You were still sober for every single day of those 5 months; don't forget that. Just gotta pick the pieces back up and keep going. I will not drink with you tonight.  
Hey man I'm sorry you had such a rough weekend. But it's so good you're back here! You had five months that's a great accomplishment and now you know for sure you can make it at least that length of time. So happy you're here :) hope the fallout isn't too rough for ya ouch. I will not drink with you today!
[removed]
I am familiar with the desire to self sabotage. Let me ask you a question; does part of you believe that you don't deserve good things? Because you absolutely do. This is a process for most of us try to be kinder to yourself along the way.     
Don't beat yourself up too bad. Five months sober beats the hell out of my longest stretch of three weeks! One day at a time. 
I won't drink with you tonight...   
Took me 3 tries...it's a process. You can do it. 
That's a tough weekend but maybe this had to happen to prevent an even bigger setback down the line-who knows. This doesn't take anything away from the 5 months of sobriety you accomplished and you are not drinking tonight. I will not drink with you tonight. 
It's all experience . Whether consciously or unconsciously you will have learned something from this slip and it may help you forward in some way down the line. Be patient and gentle with yourself. Thanks for sharing.
keep trying.  stay in the game it's worth it.  day 2 here for me again.  iwndwyt 
eat candies non-stop it will help.
Welcome back. Every time we fail it's important to think about what led us there. What was it that was the moment that led me to drink?..I find it was never "oh I just slipped". I had a plan in place. I did something "special" and "earned" a drink. I was frustrated and "can't handle this without a drink". But those weren't it either. That was just me finding an excuse for what I had already decided to do. No it's entertaining the thoughts about drinking. Letting myself romanticize it. I remember one day I was particularly grumpy about my sobriety and I had a moment thinking about how bored I was (surprise sitting around sulking because you're sober is boring) and I thought to myself "how will I ever have fun again?" Like fun never existed outside of drunkenness. I eventually started identifying these thoughts ahead of time and chasing them away with my quick reminder. A list of everything I will lose when I start drinking. ..My health..My wife..My son..My life..The list was longer and more thought out when I went over it several times a day. ..Fight. Fight with everything you have. You can do this.
The fact that you recognize that you have an issue. It grace enough....Why do you drink?
You got back up and are here now which took strength and courage. That is huge!   I will not drink with you today. 
Stay strong. I fucked up and relapsed many times before it caught on. First I was 3 weeks sober then 2 months then 7 months and finally it has no hold over me. I'm almost 3 years sober (to my last relapse).   ...You can do it just keep fighting the good fight until it sticks.
One thing I read in your post is that at least partially because of 5 months sobriety you had some money a job and a mother and friends who care about you very much. Now that you're sober again a job and money will certainly return and your Mom and friends are right there with you supporting you. Don't beat yourself up.  We all must take it just one day at a time and that day is today.... not yesterday or tomorrow. I'm with you friend stay strong. I will not drink with you today. 
You didn't let us down you slipped but you came here and told us about it.  We're here for you keep coming back and keep trying.
One thing I wish I different is exlaining to my support people that I was still committed to sobriety when I fell off here and there...From the outside it can look like a betrayal. But the more it's openly talked about the smaller the monster in the room gets.
Ah man I just want to grab you and scream at you or give you a hug I dunno which. It's frustrating watching somebody finally learn that they can't drink when you've been through it yourself. I did this so many times but the good news for both of us is I kept doing it until it stuck and you will too. Rooting for you.
keep moving forward...You got this and are worth the hard work. 
Welcome back!
Yesterday is done.  Only today matters now.  A beautiful new day.
"Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay it's not the end." -John Lennon
The disease will use your own positive progress against you. "I deserve this" and "I'll just have a few" are the weapons it uses. ..Sounds like a really rough weekend and you paid a price sometimes we don't have to pay on a case-by-case basis but in the end it'll get all of us eventually. The key thing is now you're still alive. You have today to fight back. Five months five years whatever. Today is what matters. Avoid self-loathing. You've admitted your mistake it's now over. Get back to the things you did to keep yourself away from the drink and take some pride in knowing you aren't drinking now. Fight through the day the hour the minute whatever you have to do and give yourself some grace. Today's a great day to be alive. 
Relapses are part of recovery. 5 months is big time don't beat yourself up too badly. You know what to do.
"I planned on only drinking a little bit"..This is something I told myself often in the past and every single time I ended up drinking a LOT not a bit. I think that's true for almost everyone on this subreddit. Very few of us can actually drink just a bit and stop.  You take the first drink but the second drink takes itself.
While there were shitty consequences try not to beat yourself up too much. Self-sabotage is so challenging it sucks. I also relapsed and thought I lost all progress but turns out that isn't true...Your recent sober period far outweighs your fuck up. You can so this...Stay strong!
