-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ucq0m/75_days_sober_come_on_this_is_awesome/

I'm 37 living in the Uk...Very very grateful to aa and this subreddit...give and feel the love and respect people! Old me would have been cynical about being  nice'...I regularly drank a litre of vodka a day. ..I did it from boredom fear social anxiety lazyness habit addiction whatever...Work Monday to Friday in an office. Drink Friday night to Sunday night in my room alone. ..Ouch. It still hurts to say that out loud...Even in my mid 30s I'm still suffering the trauma of school...And I'm a successful sales person...But underneath in my personal life I'm not who I want to be...But I'm getting there...Very very grateful to aa. I'm really getting it now. I'm not religious but I have my own conception of god etc. I was very resistant to aa - but in my experience going regularly getting phone numbers getting a sponsor calling rather than drinking doing service all help...I need to just do the stuff and keep doing it without analysis...Very grateful. No hangovers. My body is thanking me. My spirits are lifted. I'm looking forward to putting back into this fellowship what was freely given to me. Supporting other through sponsorship once I've done my 12 steps...Love to you all - and if you are struggling today I've been there. It's nasty. Try not to drink today and get yourself to an aa meeting. Listen and then be honest when people ask you  how are you? ...They will understand...IWNDWYT...And if you're in the USA - go and vote...
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you are doing really well.  Bravo!!!  Keep up the great work and congratulations on 75 days.  Awesome!!  IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT 
Congrats Simon! Stay strong! Peace
Right on! What's your next milestone?
Congratulations! 
Beautiful post and congrats on 75 days Simon!
That is awesome Simon! Congratulations and IWNDWYT !..&amp;#x200B;
Yes!! I'm not religious either but if AA works it works. Take what you need and leave what you don't! ..Well done on 75 days. It's hard in the UK. Now the clocks have changed the mulled wine isn't far off. I'm preparing myself to buy some non alcoholic replacement mulled wine before the festivities begin! 
Congrats bro 
Keep it up man.  Thanks for sharing this.
Cheers!
Keep it up
"Doing the stuff without analysis" so true!! ..Good on ya for 75 days and waking up to actual living!!..IWNDWYT    
heck yea. AA has brought me a lot of peace and joy I am super grateful. It's helped me keep my patience and love even while we are on the eve of election day in Texas...straight up t ho I don't know if it's ok to pray for Ted Cruz unseating butttttt
Bravo!!!
Old me would have been cynical about being nice too...I'm still cynical for sure but it does feel good to be nice and feel supported! 
Congratulations!!   
Congrats! Well done!
