-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9udti1/enough_is_enough_i_hate_myself_its_time_to_love/

I tried committing to this stop drinking gig a while back I did well honestly and made about a month then I fell into a black hole - black hole being the only way to describe it since I vaguely remember much of the last 3-4 months. After relapsing into the bottle my problem with the drink doubled. I went from drinking a few beers and a couple sneak away shots to a fifth of vodka and a few sneak away beers. ..Last night topped the charts and this morning I'm awake for the first time in a long time. My stomach hurts my head is pounding all the classical signs of stupid poison. My wife slept at her grandmother's house with the kids last night and naturally the alcoholic in me took advantage. I drank about 8 beers some rum bourbon vodka and to make it all worse when that ran out I decided to get in the car and head to the local strip club for a couple more...There I spent money my family needed to pay bills got a lap dance that I can hardly remember and instantly created a world of horrific guilt. I could have killed someone. I could have killed myself. My poor wife and children could have woken up in the early morning hours to hear of my arrest or even worse death.  Luckily none of those occurred but this morning wrapped in a blanket of hangover and guilt I see more clearly than ever. ..I made a promise to myself a few weeks ago that November would be the end of this or the first Monday of november anyway so here I am filled with guilt hatred for myself and a very long hard road ahead...I hate myself.....I am ready to once again love myself.....When I quit for the month or so last time I started my own business and made it prosper. While drinking I've sunk revenue into liquor stores rather than investment in my kids future. I used to be happy and all I want is to be back in that happy promising place not this tortured prison I've been in...Cheers to day one with a glass of water. I will not drink with you today and that is all I care about right now. One day at a time. One day to not drink is another day closer to loving myself again.  
----------immediate responses--------

Please dont be so hard on yourself.  ..Great decision on coming here and vowing if only for today not to drink. ..I'm sorry that you are in such a bad situation  alcohol is not your friend. All you can do is move onward and upward from here. Iwndwyt 
Welcome to Day 1 and thank you for standing back up!
AA helped me a lot to navigate the guilt and not feel shame. Shame will eat me alive; make me feel like I don't deserve sobriety and I don't deserve love. Guilt sucks but I can use it as motivation to show up everyday and work my program. Over time that guilt began to go away. I don't want to be that person I was when drinking. My wife deserves better and I deserve better. Sobriety is my amends...Welcome IWNDWYT. 
First step in loving yourself is not drinking poison! Welcome to the club!
Welcome back!   Cheers to you and that beautiful family that you have!  Love yourself first then you will have the love for them....I will not drink with you today!
You say that you have "a very long hard road ahead". Well at least you're back on that road and not in the gutter buddy. Just keep on moving...I'm not drinking with you today. 
I felt the same way! I hated myself so much and the alcohol was a big part of it...I didn't realize at the time it was basically the only part of it. I scared my friends and husband when I would drunkenly explain how intensely I loathed myself. I hated myself all the time but especially so when I was drinking especially when I couldn't seem to stop which made me more angry at myself.....Reading *This Naked Mind* helped free me from that horrible cycle. I was proud of myself for acknowledging my problem and doing something about it. And that confidence has extended into other stuff too now. ..I don't hate myself anymore. I'm not 100% the person I want to be yet either but I'm being patient and gentle as I make my way there. ..Cheers! Coffee cup clink. Iwndywt.
