-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ufhoo/im_really_struggling_despite_sobriety/

I'm 48 days in way more than I've ever been anywhere near since I was 17 (42M) I'm married with a beautiful 4yo daughter. I've got rid of stress by cutting out my second job and while I make good money there are bills that just keep pouring in. It would all be a lot worse if I was drinking so this is actually incentive to keep sober but I don't have my good old crutch to use. I'm in therapy and have done rehab with lots of slips before this period of sobriety...One big thing bugging me is a friend who went sober while I was trying we did everything together 12 months ago he got DUI driving my car I totaled my car 3 weeks later. then we disagreed over something trivial and he cut me off we haven't spoken in over six months after he became high and mighty sober while I was still struggling. I tried reaching out to no avail. He's now contacted me and I'm trying to be open but it's stressing me out and there are a lot of feelings of a sense of loss over our friendship... thoughts? And how do I turn this all into a positive without it dragging me down while things are going so well with the booze?
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes taking a break from a friendship for a little while is okay.  I  think it's important to be honest and clear and to not make it about them.  I've told some people that I'm at a point where I'm spending a lot of time working on my goals and figuring some things out that I'm feeling stressed and introspective at the moment but that my relationship with them is important and please be patient with me.  ..When evaluating a friendship I think it's important to consider the characteristics of the relationship.  Is it codependent?  Is it mutually supportive but free?  Is it controlling on one or both sides?  How can it be improved by your actions?  Is it really something that is a good thing in my life or is it better to let it go? 
See where it goes take it one step at a time. I commend on your 40+ days and so should your friend! Hey if it doesn't work out it's not the end of the world there's so many people on this sub that have attained new friends who support them even more than their old friends. One thing I'm learning is that some people truly have your best interest in mind while there's others who want you to get drunk just so they don't feel bad getting drunk as well. I know that's not the case here but it just goes to show people can be invested in friendship for different reasons...Take it one step at a time man you're going to be okay no matter what happens. 
Do you use one of those sobriety trackers that estimates how much money you are saving?  Might help to see one less bill you could be voluntarily paying.  ..I try to consider drinking friends as done and gone.  Nothing I can do about that.  If I get any of them back as it sounds like you might to some degree then that is like a bonus new friendship.
Thanks I agree it certainly requires some thought and while he has been sober longer than me there are other elements of imbalance in our friendship so I'll just have to see where he's coming from and go from there. Thx
I feel being open about how you are feeling with him is the best course. Especially with your struggles to keep from a drink. I'd be willing to bet he is or has been in the same spot. Sobriety isn't easy it works better with support. I wish the best friend.
