-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uhtfz/its_now_or_never/

Hello r/stopdrinking!  Long time lurker first time participant.  I created this account specifically for quitting drinking and bettering myself...I have a milestone birthday coming up and its time to hang it up.  I have experienced the WHOLE spectrum of drinking habits over the last 12 years from no desire to drink at all to binging daily.  This last year I became a weekend drinker with occasional weekday drinks you know...in the "cutting back" phase /s.  My weekends are typically spent climbing out from under a hangover.  Its so frustrating!  Here I am starting a new week having accomplished fuck all last Saturday and Sunday...I have a large obstacle towards my sobriety and that's my spouse.  My spouse also has an unhealthy relationship with alcohol.  Together we have built many bad habits.  We don't really spend time together without alcohol.  Our social life typically revolves around alcohol.   My spouse knows that I've been struggling with my emotions.  I have been explicit and have said on many occasions that I am unhappy with how much we drink and how it affects me the next day.  Spouse told me I shouldn't put such rigid expectations on myself and make less plans because I'm just setting myself up for failure.  That's a massive red flag for me but I guess I'll have to deal with that later...So here I am.  Another Monday feeling better after yesterday's hangover.  Feeling optimistic and jazzed up about sobriety.  This is typically how I have started every week for close to 18 months now.  Then by Wed spouse is either really excited about something or really stressed about something and wants to "relax with a beer" and I end up have a few and the cycle starts again.   This time I'm doing it.  With or without my spouse.  I know I can only control myself and my own decisions.  I'm going to stop using my spouse as the excuse for why I continue to drink.  I just really hope this isn't the nail in the coffin for us.  I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it. If I can you can. IWNDWYT 
I wanted to quit thousands of times before I actually quit.  It wasn't the easiest thing I did in life.  One thing I do know is if I wait until i want to drink to stop drinking its already to late.  I had to change my daily routine and take some serious amounts of time to work towards where i am now.  But yeah i completely understand that cycle its a vicious cycle that always leads me into 3 day hangovers I guess that's why people in recovery say "i got sick and tired of being sick and tired".  Anyhow don't kick yourself to hard and hopefully you enjoy your week as best you can.
Just do it. Finding some type of peer support group like AA or whatever increases your chances of success. It has worked for me. Good luck with your spouse. Helps tremendously if he/she is on board. One day at a time. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! The book This Naked Mind really helped me see how useless booze really is. That book &amp; coming here every day has kept me sober after drinking for 22 years. You got this! IWNDWYT. 
I'm succeeding here (so far for 286 days now!) with a live-in SO who is a heavy drinker. Just lay it on the line for your spouse. Tell them you have had it and that you don't expect them to quit with you but you will no longer be drinking with them. Then do not pressure them to quit passive-aggressively or otherwise. Just do your thing and let them do theirs. ..In the early days seeing my SO drinking made me jealous pretty often. Not so much lately especially when I see him getting sloppy with it and just feel sorry for him and feel glad to have escaped that life. ..You can do it OP. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm early days however my husband is still drinking. I have asked him not to bring drink into the house as I don't think I could resist that level of temptation. The last two nights he has taken himself off to another room in the house to drink. I'm not sure how I feel about that yet. It is hard but I am still here. Good luck. I will not drink with you today.
I had 100 reasons when drinking why I could not stop. I struggled daily for 17 years. I was full on alcoholic from day 1...Today my sobriety comes first. If something was going to give me reason to drink it would have to be gone. ..No I am not telling you what to do.  Just how I do it.
I had the same spouse issues but in the end of hasn't been that big of a deal. He'll still relax with his glass or five of red and I'll have a soft drink. You can do it!
