-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uifm5/ive_destroyed_myself/

To start I've hidden a cocaine and alcohol problem from my friends and family for the better part of my 20s. I finally told my parents about it yesterday.  Each weekend blacking out was common.  I told myself it was ok because I was a happy drunk and my personality never changed with alcohol.  My recently ex girlfriend struggles with alcohol as well.  One of each of our parents are diagnosed alcoholics.  I tried cutting down the drinking but could not succeed.  I realize today that I cannot survive much longer like this.  My urine was pink today so there's blood in there somewhere.  My parents have been supportive my mother brought me groceries today because I told her that I haven't had anything to eat in 4 days money isn't an issue but having your mother have to bring groceries at 31 years old is embarrassing.  They offered to bring me to the hospital but I declined.  I am having trouble getting out of bed or leaving the house tears flow uncontrollably.  My ex just moved out Saturday and my house is lonely and dark. I started speaking with my uncle who follows the program attempted to join a recovery group but the meeting was cancelled. I'm just tired of being sick and sad. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Dude just keep fucking pushing to get yourself into a program.  Look up your local AA or NA and go to a meeting! I prefer NA myself as an alcoholic and and addict because I can blend into the background more there but AA is nice because it puts me out of my comfort zone as it's a bit more social. ..Obviously you're going to be your most vulnerable if your breakup is recent so focus on yourself and go to a meeting. Seek counsel with your uncle get close to your parents teach out to some friends don't isolate yourself. 
Take care of yourself and just focus on the basics. Food fluids and rest. Hang in there and try not to beat yourself up.     
I relate to where you're at because I was once there. For me I had to understand that people were offering help because they love and cared about me.   ...Maybe it's time to reconsider those offers of help from those around you?   ...Accepting help was hard but I believe it saved my life. 
