-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uk63b/firsttime_poster_4_days_sober/

I recently found this community (after my Halloween bender in which I was clinging to the toilet for dear life). I've been struggling with the decision to commit to sobriety but that night sealed the deal.  I've had 4 full days sober this will be my fifth. So far so good (mostly). I was super tired today though I've been sleeping better every night since I stopped. I've felt a growing desire to drink today especially after a fairly heated conversation with a friend who supports the current administration. But I've got chocolates my cat and this community so I will not drink with you today.  (Also everyone here is amazing and supportive and I hope everyone is having a lovely sober night!)
----------immediate responses--------

Hooray on four days sober take it one day at a time. Substitution of alcohol for chocolate or soda or pizza as a reward and a comfort has worked for me managing physical and psychological cravings to drink. ..There's a line in the AA big book about learning to accept  life on life's terms  that we cannot control our friends or families view or actions we don't have to like them even but through acceptance we move from resentment or.frustration about those things towards serenity about the things we cannot change courage to change things we can and the wisdom to know the difference! As the old prayer goes  
Congrats on 4 days! The first week was really tough for me but the good news is that if you stay quit you never have to go through that first week again! When I feel the urge to drink I "play the tape forward" and remember why I quit in the first place. Also the book "This Naked Mind" really helped me. I relapsed a few times when I first started quitting/coming here last year but after reading that book in January I haven't had a drink since. I come here every day and read and comment which is key for me as well. IWNDWYT! 
Way to go!! I too quit after blacking out at a work party on Halloween. IWNDWYT 
Day 5 that's awesome!!..For me I hit the gym even more when I quit drinking. Working out helps clear some of the stress from my head.  I also did a ton of research on what vitamins minerals and herbs to take to help with my detox.  And I ate pretty clean.  I did keep some chocolate in the fridge at all times to help with the urges. ..One thing I wish I had done though was getting a therapist right away instead of five years later.  It would've helped me figure out why I was drinking like I was. 
Good job I'm proud of you! There is an app called clean time counter you should check out. 
Congrats! You've got this. 
Day 5 is booby-trapped! It got me twice before I realised and managed to push through it.  If you get through today I promise tomorrow will be much easier...Congratulations on 4 days and give your cat a big cuddle from me (I have 5)
Day 5 is booby-trapped! It got me twice before I realised and managed to push through it.  If you get through today I promise tomorrow will be much easier...Congratulations on 4 days and give your cat a big cuddle from me (I have 5)
Welcome!
