-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ulgt9/hi/

Long time lurker first time poster. Spouse is heavy reddit user so here's my throw away which I might keep because I like the name. Hey honey!..Anyways I've been struggling with alcoholism for several years now. At first I thought it was just me going through the typical college frat party stage but now that I'm out of college I'm still on the same boat. When I drink I do it to excess and become a monster towards my wife. I say some of the meanest shit but i can't even apologize correctly because I'm blackout drunk at the time and have no recollection of what I say. Due to work my wife and I are in a long distance relationship and my binge drinking has worsened. I drink every day and will most likely black out one of those days. I think about it all day. The thought of alcohol makes my mouth water. I've gone to work hung over too many times to count. However especially with the distance this behavior is slowly chipping away at her. I'm losing her. I'll be sober for a few days but will slip on a social outing. I've even gone out to the bar alone to get shit faced for no reason. Ashamed to admit I've driven home and not remembered how I got there. She threatened with divorce the day after my last binge. ..I don't blame her. This has happened at least once a month for a solid year. I know how she feels because my long time girlfriend in college was a raging alcoholic who would drink half a bottle and lash out at me for no reason. She'd throw shit and get all physical trying to hurt me. One day after a party where she got trashed and behaved irrationally angry towards me she packed her stuff up and left. I'm so glad she did that because I would have not left that toxic ass relationship. I hate the thought that I have become that and now making my wife suffer what I went through...I hate that I have this sickness and I hate that I'm dragging my spouse with me. Every day after my binges I feel so incredibly guilty and ashamed. So here I am asking for help and support. Your posts and success stories give me hope that I can rid myself of this obsession. I don't need alcohol to feel good. I do need my relationship to heal. I want to feel free...I haven't had a drink in 24 hours and don't want to have one again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey please don't lose your wife because of a stupid chemical. Bitter me here. My partner has been gone three weeks and its the absolute worst to know that it was my drinking that broke it. ..We were having trouble no doubt. But me in blackout ranting bullshit i don't believe was the final straw. And now I'm sober and walking around our house and missing the dog with chest hurting pain and kicking myself for the loss of a good good woman. ..Drinking was not worth it. I needed to suit up and be present and i checked out. If i can keep sharing my story here i hope someone will listen and not take the same path. And keep in touch and let me know it worked out for them because i want people to be loved and supported in real life by the amazing people who they have. ..So yeah. Ranting. But so glad to be sober today because it's the only honor i have left from this shitty situation. ...And as a final word of warning - i didn't drink for many years. Then relapsed for 3. And it doesn't get better going back to drinking. If you can't drink yesterday you won't be able to in ten years. Sorry if that sounds like shit but not drinking also removes the need to drink. ..So today is early days. But i know it's for the long haul and don't have any fking doubts about my ability to drink "one day". I had my one day and lost a really good relationship. Phew. Sorry. 
[removed]
Welcome! Good to have you here good to see that you know what has to be done. I went on a really bad downwards spiral when I was divorced some 12 years ago. Being alone allowed me to drink all day every day. That was a dangerous time. Wish you all the best go kick some ass you can do this! I will not drink with you today! 
Argh man. 
