-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9upirm/day_2_a_relapse_story/

I'm back SD.  I'm sitting here drinking some coffee trying to motivate myself to get some work done.  However this is more important at the moment.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I wrote a while back about [relapsing after more than 3 months sober](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mqggj/day_96_a_badge_reset/).  Well I felt pretty terrible after that.  I thought I was good to go though and I didn't really get serious about it like I did back in July of this year.  I wasn't checking in on SD regularly and I wasn't even really paying attention to how I felt or anything.  I also made the terrible mistake of biting off way too much as I tried to give up coffee around the same time just to see what it was like.  Anyway this all culminated with a big sales meeting out of town about 2 weeks ago.  It had been almost exactly 2 weeks since my relapse.  I actually stayed sober the whole week until the very last night and caved because I felt the need to show everyone a good time.  Uggghhh.  Then of course drinks at the airport and on the plane ride home.  I felt pathetic.  Then I had the bright idea of having my Uber driver stop to pick up beer on my way home from the airport.  Drank a few that night.  Ugghh.  Had a few on Saturday then somehow made it through Sunday without drinking.  Felt fine on Monday.  So in a way I guess that allowed me to think that I could "get away with it".  I hadn't had any terrible repercussions.  I had allowed alcohol back into my life...&amp;#x200B;..So then it's Wednesday and it's Halloween and we have a neighborhood get together.  So I pick up some beer on the way home.  Only had 1 at the party but I figured hey why don't I just hang out and watch TV and have a few more at home.  Didn't drink that much but felt awful somehow on Thursday so then here goes the cycle.  Went and had a beer in the afternoon on Thursday to feel better then just continue to drink 4-5 more at home.  Then Friday one of my best friends comes into town.  Had to pick him up around 4:30 so of course I leave work early have 2 beers before picking him up.  The worst part is that he and I had been working on cutting out drinking together (texting about it pretty regularly) and I'm sure my slip up didn't help him out.  So we hang out and drink beer Friday night.  Nothing too crazy.  I make dinner for him and my family and everything's fine.  Saturday is when I realize I'm sort of locking back into old ways.  I have that familiar feeling like it's not really even worth it if you don't go all out.  So we go to a football game start drinking at the tailgate more beer afterwards then more with dinner then more.  Ugghhh.  Stayed up until 2 or so searching for that happiness I thought should be there.  It wasn't.  It was just grasping for something that wasn't there.  I remember the conversations from the day before.  I turn into a cocky jackass when I'm drunk.  Maybe it's my insecurity where I have to explain to everyone how great I am when I'm drunk because in reality I'm not happy with myself.  Who knows.  ..&amp;#x200B;..So I'm back.  I can't drink anymore.  And I can't stop without support.  I can't do this on my own.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're back. ..Your story sounds very familiar.   Today however we are a part of a new and better story. ..IWNDWYT 
Admitting I couldn't do it on my own was a huge turning point for me. I attend AA meeting occasionally now even though I am an atheist. One of the steps is acknowledging a higher power. I just can't change my belief system to include a creator or whatever but the people in the meetings and the community here on SD is definitely a higher power. The support is so valuable and necessary for my recovery. I couldn't do it alone but I am doing it now with help from all of you people your success stories and shame spirals help keep my own struggle in perspective. ..You can do this we all want to see you succeed! Keep coming back IWNDWYT 
Welcome back.  You can do this!  
Well I can relate.  I started my sobriety journey in July and have had some good strings of sober days since then.  Problem is I kept fooling myself by thinking "I'm cured - I'll be more careful this time."..After several attempts at moderation I have finally accepted the fact that too many years of drinking has made a permanent impact on the wiring in my brain.  I've lost my "off" switch.  I think I needed those relapses to prove to me that alcohol cannot be a part of my life any longer...It's good that you're back.  ..You can do this...&amp;#x200B;
