-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uvk64/two_months_without_a_drop_of_alcohol_longest/

Hey everyone! I am mainly a lurker but I wanted to make a post to celebrate my two months and share some thoughts. ..I have been trying to change my drinking habits for about two years now. When I first started I was able to rack up a 54 day streak before I said "hey great job have a beer!". After that I never got more than two weeks without breaking down and having a drink. I was really good at saying "no" to myself 90% of the time. But when I hung out with friends that were drinking I would give in readily. Sometimes I would just have a few and it would be fine. Others were anything but. I think my body might metabolize alcohol slower than most people and I think that contributes to me to having really really bad hangovers after drinking excessively. I'm talking 8 - 12 hours of being an invalid unable to keep any food down. ..Honestly I think part of me liked being hung over. Maybe not during the really bad ones but the mild hangovers gave me an excuse to lay around smoke weed and watch TV all day. It let me put everything in my life on hold. I could say "well I'll just have to work on that later" for literally everything. I didn't have to go through the struggle of making progress on any of my goals. I could just veg out and not think about my future. I think there was also a self-loathing fueled masochistic element. I enjoyed punishing myself because I thought that I deserved to suffer for not living up to my potential. I don't want to ever go back to that...Two years ago I was a bus boy in a restaurant. I lived with my parents for my four day work week. The other three days were usually spent on a bender at my alcoholic friend's house. I don't want to disparage folks that work in the service industry but being a wait assist/bar back three years after earning my bachelor's degree was not where I wanted to be. A lot has changed since then. I have moved out of my parent's house and I am currently in a very competitive graduate program. I have even been awarded a graduate research assistantship so I don't have to pay tuition and I receive a modest living stipend. ..I won't deny that I am extremely lucky to have been offered these things but I also have to recognize the hard work that I put in to get here. Work that I would not have been capable of doing had I kept drinking at the level I was. Even though I was still drinking quite regularly for a lot of these past two years I was still able to make little bits of progress in between the hangovers. I learned to not get upset or discouraged by my relapses just roll with the punches and keep my goals in focus. My foundation was dogged persistence. I always reset my badge the next day and never let my doubts stop me from putting in whatever work I could. At times it felt completely hopeless but all my little bits of progress eventually culminated into a great positive change in my life...There were several things that helped me. I owe a lot to this subreddit. I don't post that much but reading about everyone else's struggles and successes has been a great comfort and a huge source of strength for me. The badge has been a very helpful tool. It is a concrete representation of my sobriety that I could look at and be proud of. It is helpful even in the face of failure. The ritual of filing for a badge reset after a relapse served as a re-affirmation of my commitment to abstinence. Another useful tool was Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. I found the "thought records" that the book [Mind Over Mood](https://www.amazon.com/Mind-Over-Mood-Change-Changing/dp/0898621283) provided to be very helpful in dealing with my depression. I still struggle with depression but it is much better now. Lastly my Zen practice and the support of my Sangha (Buddhist community) was vital. Meditation was the underscore for all of this. It helped me detach from myself (in a good way) and look at my life without the cloud of depression and self-loathing. Zen practice showed me how to be patient with myself and how to treat myself with compassion. It helped me see that even at my worst I was capable of doing difficult things. Slowly I was able to regain my confidence and start taking steps to make significant changes in my life. Without these things I would never have been able to get into this program...I have a long ways to go yet and the fight isn't over. I still struggle with many of these same problems but I deal with them much better now. I will continue to use the tools that I have learned here and else where. I want to start giving back to this community more. I'm pretty busy right now with my obligations at school but I would like to do a long running series of posts about music and movies that have helped me. Here is a song that has been particularly beneficial:..[The The - This is The Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S03UOkb9zU4)..I love the accordion. It's sad but also hopeful at the same time. The lyrics are very relatable to anyone that has struggled with depression. The bleak picture of wasting away your life. The longing for simpler times in the past. The opening lyrics about not waking up in the morning because you never went to bed really resonates with me. My MO was always to drink into until the sun rose sleep all day and then wake up feeling guilty. Another day of sloth and hedonistic intoxication ticked off the calendar. Nevertheless I think the overall tone of the song is hopeful. Despite the gloom there is a strong commitment to change. I think that is the most important thing for us. There are a lot people out there that want to change things about their life not just alcohol consumption. However nothing will ever change unless there is a steadfast commitment to *making* them change. Yes luck does play a big part but when things fall into place there is a requirement of action in order to capitalize on the circumstances. We are all capable of changing our lives; however we have to be the agents of our own change.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations. Can't wait to be where you are.
What a success story happy for you &lt;3
This was beautiful. Thank you for sharing. I was a waitress my entire adult life until a couple years ago and I just turned 50. Many of us held degrees. It's a soul sucking business and I credit it as a HUGE factor in getting and keeping the ball rolling on my drinking life. ..&amp;#x200B;..Meditation has also helped me immensely. It's helping me learn to insert even just a tiny space between an event and my reaction/action taken to that event. I'm learning it IS possible to pause breathe and then get curious about what I'm feeling \*before\* acting on that feeling/impulse without thought knee-jerk automatically. It's a process. I have to remind myself all the time and I fail often. But I feel like I'm learning something hugely valuable applicable to every aspect of my life most importantly realizing exactly WHY I want to drink and what it actually DOES to me and my spirit frankly when I do. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks for this thoughtful post truly. I wish you many more clearheaded and calm days. You're right. Life doesn't just "happen to" us WE make choices and what "happens to" us follows pretty directly from those choices more often than not. 
How does one learn Zen practice? 
Nice!
Thank you for sharing this. I can identify so much with many of the things you talked about - Depression the really bad hangovers putting life on hold not living up to my potential wasting away my life drinking until the sun rose - there are so many things I can relate to.  ..I also have found reading this subreddit to be very helpful. Tonight in particular reading your message was very helpful. So thank you and I hope things continue to get better for you! 
Nice my dude. Hoping to catch up with you soon...Lost 7 pounds so far.
IWNDWYT!!!
Thank you for sharing your story. I got a lot of gems out of it and I need them. 
Thank You for sharingStay Strong! IWNDWYT 
We're 60 day buddies! Congrats and great post. I also find that patience and self-compassion are my best tools (and the hardest for me to learn).
So well written. Bravo!
Awesome sounds like you've gotten good at quitting and staying quit. Practice makes perfect!
this is fking beautiful thank you
stop resetting that shit motherfucker. 
I absolutely love that song (This is the Day)! Another that has stuck with me on this journey is "Seasons (Waiting on You)" by Future Islands. Both have a real bittersweet message of starting over and rebirth and even if Seasons isn't about sobriety you can make it about whatever you want.
I can't say enough about how much this post affects me as how I can completely relate. Especially in terms of the hangover = putting my life on hold for the day (it's like I literally lose a day and think that the next day was the previous day....confusing I know). ..I too keep justifying it as a day that I need to 'relax' especially after dealing with the physical/mental pain of a busy serving shift or thoughts that I 'don't want to think about'. The hangover is a break but not a solution. It just makes me feel worst most of the time but then I always semi-enjoy it. ..I really really appreciate you putting this out there. As this is one of the first posts I've read that really speaks to the perceived 'good' things of being hungover (procrastination totally wrong type of self-care) it particularly speaks to me. ..I guess that I always feel when not hungover that I should always be 'doing things' (organizing cleaning applying to new jobs). So I get drunk instead then spend the next day doing nothing because it's okay....i'm hungover. It literally makes no sense but I do it all the time. Perhaps it would be better to give myself actual days off where I do things that I actually like that are healthy (like reading in bed all day eating bad food in bed). . .Sorry for the long reply but this really hit home. ..Thank you. :) 
