-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uwzl1/day_32_is_it_normal_to_feel_fatalistic_and/

A couple things up front:..- I'm not suicidal or depressed; just the opposite in fact. I want to recover and keep living...- I'm 42 and drank about 900 ml of vodka a day for three years. Never really drank before that and this is my one and only quit (never relapsed don't miss it I'm confident I'm done)...That said I managed to give myself a massive bleeding ulcer a month ago and spent 5 days in the hospital where I almost bled out. The ulcer was laser sealed and was give that diagnoses and "alcoholic cirrhosis" due to blood work and a review of a CAT scan (I think) - most of my visit was dedicated fixing the bleed...My understanding was that cirrhosis usually takes 10-20+ years of heavy drinking but my recovery is going slowly. I have a doctors' appointment a week from today for more blood work...Anyway I'm fearful that my liver is failing but I might be paranoid too. I'm not asking for medical advice but 1 month out did many of you still feel these symptoms?..- Deminished clotting / a couple minor but random nosebleeds..- Dark urine (not quite brown but dark despite the amount of water)..-  Weight gain (water retention?) / bloat..- Fatigue (fairly significant) ..- Tenderness in tissue surrounding kidneys / liver..- "Brain fog"..- Deminished appitite (but still eating a lot more since cessation of drinking)...Thanks for your time - IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

It's never too late to quit. But if you asked anyone that has been sober for more than two years if we quit too soon we will all say no. Most wish we had quit much earlier. Some people are predisposed to cirrhosis. Studies have even linked bare chested males to a higher incidence of cirrhosis. The liver is one organ we have that can regenerate and heal itself if the damage isn't too severe.  ..Good luck with your tests.  IWNDWYT 
I know brain fog was a serious issue for me for months.  Fatigue too.  Treat yourself well and keep seeing those docs.  You're doing a really great thing for yourself.  My liver never had any serious issues that I'm aware of (my blood work showed it as healthy anyway) but even so quitting drinking took a lot of adjustment. ..I know a good diet is also super useful to helping the body heal. But really quitting drinking is such a wonderful step.  Good job!..IWNDWYT
You'd be amazed at the liver's ability to bounce back. I have an acquaintance who was yellow with jaundice in the hospital on the brink of death with liver failure. He survived. Having said that you definitely need to get advice from your doctor.
Never too late. It takes time for your body to recover from drinking. If any of your symptoms get worse see a doctor. ..Age makes a difference. I am still waiting for me to feel good again. 
