-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9uzesk/triple_digits_day/

Woke up to the 100 day badge as I board a flight for an annual scuba trip to Cozumel. I was hungover this time last year on this flight. ..Some observations from MY journey at this point:..Alcohol is not a concern or consideration for me any longer. I'm around it and friends and family that drink and there is no crazing desire nothing. This has been fairly consistent from week two on and for that I'm grateful. I know for others the physical and psychological cravings are such a struggle and I had anticipated the same. Everyone's journey is unique - I'm grateful THIS part of it has been easy. ..I'm still trying to reconcile who I was with who I am now. I realize booze was a key player in so many of my interpersonal interactions. It had a starring role in family vacations and gatherings. The bottle was my best friend when I was lonely and my security blanket whenever I was in situations that pushed me out of my comfort zone. Now that has been stripped away which has changed the dynamic of every one of those things. Since I can't just crawl into a hole I'm learning  how to be  without that mask of alcohol. ..For me THAT is the exhausting part. I am in my head constantly analyzing and observing myself as I move through this new-to-me world. It doesn't stop. A cocktail (or 10) after work let me shut that off. Yes it brought about a host of other issues but it WAS an escape. Of course I recognize in many cases  it was an escape from  the very issues drinking  created.  Oh the irony.  ..That being said the positives and changes thus far  have been so incredible that I feel like my memories of the old me are someone else's entirely. I love my new found clarity energy and focus. ..I've lost 15 lbs of fat  and dropped down below 15% BF while returning to fitness levels I haven't seen in years.  I take vitamins. That's it. I have taken less than 10 Advil since I quit (versus at least 4x/day). I sleep like a baby without guzzling Zzzzquil or taking sleep meds and wake up with no alarm after 7 hours. ..I am a better dad and husband and boss. ..I MAY be perceived as a worse friend as I find myself saying no to more things that are simply excuses for drinking.  No one has said anything to me. This is in my head but I have noticed certain people asking me to hang less. I'm ok with that. ..I have a long way to go. But I've come a long way already. ..Can't wait to see where the next 100 takes me. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done and keep it going.
Happy triple digits!..Enjoy your trip and stay strong :).
Fantastic! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on triple digits! I'm so happy for you! IWNDWYT!
Congratulations!..
Congratulations   
Congratulations and I hope I will keep up my self insight like you do when - if - I reach 100.  .My biggest fear right now is that I get cocky and like so many times before convince myself that the fact that I didn't drink for X days means I am not an alcoholic and can drink "responsibly"...   .Good luck and see you at 101.
Congrats man.  Big accomplishment.  Awesome work!
Me too well done us!
Congrats! My journey has been similar. The mental work is exhausting but the alcohol has no pull anymore. I'm extremely grateful for that and very wary that I don't allow the lack of cravings become complacency. IWNDWYT! Enjoy your holiday :)
Congrats ! Hope to make it to triple digits as well
Awesome man! Congratulations (: Enjoy your scuba trip and make lots of lasting memories with your family. Much love and respect. IWNDWYT
Congratulations!  You're winning and I'm very happy for you. 
Congratulations! Your hard work is paying off! I will also be in Cozumel this weekend... Enjoy the trip!
Well done!
