-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v0hnm/advice_for_new_hobbies_to_fill_the_time_and_take/

Decided to go sober October 1 as I know I am an alcoholic. Relapsed a few times already but working on day 4 right now. The thing that strikes me is I was never bored when I could drink. Now that I don't want it to be an option I want something new to do or get good at. Was wondering if anyone else felt the same and had suggestions! I have started reading more and playing video games but those sometimes make me want to have a drink. Any new hobbies that people would suggest expensive or cheap?
----------immediate responses--------

Self improvement while costly in some manner (mostly to the ego) is quite inexpensive financially speaking.  That's my fave.  
r/SoberArt is waiting ;)
Workouts! Walks yoga lifting running whatever you like
I took up knitting a couple of years ago and it really fills that evening need to keep busy quietly. I also find myself drawing more at night than I used to. Writing something that is a great way to end the day but was impeded by a cloudy head by dusk each night is also something I've been doing a lot more before calling it a day. ..I was a really functional drinker so I guess the end of the day is where I really see the change. Still being 100% fresh when the world's quieted down. So these activities fit that. 
I'm always going to vote for gardening--horticulture is complex so there's plenty of intellectual exercise to be had if you want to go there but it's also essentially the nurturing of new life and it nourishes you on a deep level. It teaches you how to slow down pay attention care about the little things support transformation and bring it to fruition--a very instructive metaphor. And then you get to eat it and literally nourish your own physical transformation. :-)..One crucial thing I lost to alcohol was wonder. Planting a seed and seeing it bust through the soil and unfold into life was the beginning of the restoration of wonder for me.
I started building metal models. ..r/metalearth..Its fun and challenging and relatively inexpensive. I picked my first models up for 6 bucks a piece. ..They come flat packet and you have to shape the pieces and fit them together. My wife says its super nerdy but it benefits me in many ways. It keeps me occupied calms and focuses my mind and at the end- you've made something pretty cool too.
Knitting! It is very soothing as far as anxiety goes and you can do it while you watch tv or just listening to some music you like. It also keeps your hands busy. My knitting needles and yarn are at the ready for me tonight. IWNDWYT 
You could go to a Michael's hobby store and buy a new hobby kit every week. They have origami paper painting canvases and paint and how-to-paint book woodworking stuff scrapbooking knitting etc etc etc. 
Walking biking cooking baking being creative exercise gardening etc. :) IWNDWYT  
Creating a strong morning routine I enjoy doing every single day. This helped the most because the night time was where I would get a majority of my cravings. Cutting out an hour or two of the evening in front of the TV and replacing it with some time of self improvement / reflection in the morning has been so helpful. It is a cheap hobby too cup of coffee and a journal for me. 
Dirtbikes!..Horse riding!..Dog training!..Running/lifting..Dancing!..Whatever it is pour your heart and soul into it. You've got this!
Physical activities that take up a lot of time/energy and allow me to think/process/reflect while I'm doing them have been godsends for me.  ..And since I was always an avid cyclist it has been relatively easy to simply put more time and energy into riding and maintaining my growing quiver of bikes.  ..But it is an expensive activity and if I couldn't do that I would do more walking around town hiking the local trails and backpacking the Sierra more on the weekends (5 hour drive each way)...Secondarily on the weekends and evenings when my wife isn't around I try to get *something* done in and around the house in the form of upkeep cleaning and organizing.  It's never ending but instead of becoming overwhelmed and doing nothing which was my habit when I was drinking I just look around and pick something anything and dig in...I am trying to also substitute meditation for TV time but if there's a good game on or something I want to watch on Netflix I usually take the 'easy' way out and park myself in front of the TV until I feel tired enough to sleep (though I almost always read this sub before falling asleep and then again when I wake up).
