-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v1x7c/a_moment_of_reflection_100_days/

I almost feel obligated to write something for the milestone I hit today; 100 days sober.  So let's see what I can come up with.... \*clears throat\*  ...100 days ago I stood in the shower water pouring over my head eyes closed.  I was super hungover wishing I was feeling anything but what I was feeling at that moment.  For what seemed like the 1000th day in a row I swore to myself I wouldn't drink today.  I was done with it.  I just couldn't keep doing this to myself.  Why was I even doing it?  I wasn't enjoying drinking anymore I only drank to feel "normal".  I  felt like my real self was stuck inside of some other controlling vessel and I was strapped in for the ride.    I got out of the shower looked in the mirror and did the usual morning "fix"; took a couple Advil drank some pepto visine for the eyes... the usual routine for a daily drinker.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I was at that point I would drink without any real reason.  I was a daily solo drinker.  Everyday like clock work.  Time was flying by and I wouldn't know where the days weeks months were going.  Because I was living the same day over and over and any time that was free time was drinking time.  So those memories were lost chunks of time are just gone.  Man did it feel good to have that first sip after work the only real highlight of my day.   Before I knew it the evening changed to night and I was drunk again...  I would then crash into a coma.   Repeat.  A painful time loop.  Weekends were total write offs I would pretty much drink for 48 hours straight minus the time I was passed out.   If I had gone out with people it was even worse this justified my drinking and usually would result in a blackout...&amp;#x200B;..I'm not even sure how I got to this point.  It's not like I just started out drinking everyday.  Although I always knew I  was  a "problem" drinker.   Something inside me would just go off and there was no way of satisfying it or stopping it.  I think the way drinking was introduced to me accentuated the issue; the only real reason to drink was to get smashed.   It started out just drinking at parties in High School.  Then the bar scene came around and I was drinking with friends multiple times a week.  Then came the point where I started to have a pint or two alone at home.   Then as all my friends started settling down getting married and having kids... we didn't go out like we use to.  I would drink more often at home alone.  Then I figured why even go out with friends to drink it is so expensive.  Why not just drink at home?  After an extended period of time of drinking you lose all interests.  All that matters is drinking.  I felt paralyzed while drinking.  I couldn't do anything I was ashamed of my drinking so I would avoid people.  I would try to hide it.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I figured I would quit and would say to myself daily I won't drink tonight.  Then 5pm would roll around and I would be leaving work and I would be drawn into the beer store like a spaceship stuck in a tractor beam.  I was helpless.  Before I knew it I was cracking that first beer wondering to myself how did this happen?  Ah well fuck it.  I'll deal with that tomorrow...&amp;#x200B;..100 days ago was  different though.  I really said "Today I'm not going to drink if I don't do it today when will I? Stop delaying and let's put this plan into action!"   I wasn't sure how I was going to do it I just knew I HAD TO DO IT.  I was having sweats I felt like my body temperature couldn't regulate itself properly my hands were shaking stomach sick head pounding mouth dry... I was a mess.  I felt hungover for about 3-4 days.  But I kept chugging along not drinking just for that day.  I felt irritable for about 2 weeks.  Then things started to balance out again I felt calmer.  I felt more refreshed.  I felt rejuvenated after weekends...&amp;#x200B;..So here I am 100 days later.  I feel good...relatively.   I have problems I still have to deal with.  Problems I was avoiding by drinking.  My relationship could be better.  I could be a better father (although most people say I am a really good dad... I still feel horrible for not being better)  I could do better at work.  I just want to be healthier.  I want to live a very long time.   Drinking was slowly killing me mentally and physically...&amp;#x200B;..Being sober for me is not pink clouds rainbows and unicorns like many posts  on this sub make it out to be.   I like being in control again.  I like feeling my motivation to improve and grow as a person return.  I like how my interests have come back.  I like feeling my mind being clear.  I like how my self-esteem is returning.  I like saving money...&amp;#x200B;..Don't get me wrong I still struggle.  I think I will always love getting fucked up.  I don't see the point in having one beer.  What's the point?  If I'm going to drink I'm going to DRINK.   However I am actively working to change my mindset on what alcohol is to me.   This didn't happen in 10 days.   It hasn't happened in 100 days and it probably won't happen in 365 days.  It is a long term constant retraining that will take time.  Just like it didn't take me 10 100 or 365 days to become a daily drinker it is going to take a long time for me to reverse that learning.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Things I am trying to change:  .1.  Drinking is not needed to have fun.  We have been brainwashed into thinking drinking is essential for a good time...2.  Nobody is perfect.  I am an exception when it comes to alcohol and moderation.   For example  I can go plenty of time without wanting chocolate there are however others out there who have a sweet tooth and struggle to not eat properly.   I don't have this problem but I do with alcohol.  Nobody is perfect...3.  Alcohol is a poison.    It does nothing beneficial for my body.  .4.  Accept who I am.  I thought Alcohol made me more social.  I am naturally inverted like being alone.  I need to stop trying to be like those outgoing people when deep down I don't want that.  ..&amp;#x200B;..100 days was never my goal I don't have a goal.   I am just not drinking today and then repeating.  This sub has been a great help.  Especially the posts from newbies it reminds me of how shitty I once felt how lonely and isolated I had become.  How nothing mattered in my life anymore.  I want to live life with real memories with real feelings and in the end be remembered as a great person and not some drunk. ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;.....that ended up being longer than I had anticipated.  :P
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this awesome post. I'm on day 2 but everything you said resonates with me. Well done and congrats on 100 days keep on truckin.  I can't wait to get the passion for my hobbies back. 
Reading your post is like looking in a mirror. Congratulations on 100 days. ..Sobriety is incredibly gratifying when you look back and reflect on the depths to where you've come from. I'm proud of you. IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 100 days! I'm nearly there myself and your journey sounds a lot like my own IWNDWYT
This is so inspiring! I decided I really wanted to quit drinking on July 16 and had 45 days sober. Then I started allowing  cheat days  and of course quickly relapsed.... It was having exactly the morning you described combined with realizing last week that I *could* have hit a hundred days if I hadn't fucked it up that helped bring me back. 100 days is a huge landmark! Can't wait to hear your findings at 200! 
Thank you for sharing! I can relate to your drinking days. Congratulations on 100 days very well done!!! Over here no pink cloud either but hey at least it's sober cloud! Keep it up! IWNDWYT
You sound real clear and aware. That's awesome. 
