-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v4j1l/an_exercise_in_listing_the_proscons_to_keep/

Two weeks ago today I laid in bed the entire day shivering &amp; sweating from alcohol withdrawal and contemplating suicide. Haven't had a drop since finishing off a bottle at 8am that morning. The past two weeks have been pretty good but not stellar. My job is still causing me a lot of stress and I am not motivated there. My personal life is iffy I have a lot of good friends but many live 1000 miles away. I haven't had a lasting relationship in years. Today I don't really want to (or \*need\* to) do anything and God \*damn\* does that make me want a drink or three. I won't do it because I promised myself I'd make it to Thanksgiving. If I give in now then I have some practice under my belt with being sober but it still means my problem is undeniable and not in my control. So I'm posting here partly to distract myself and partly as an exercise to remind myself why I quit:..&amp;#x200B;..Things I miss:..Can easily blow off responsibilities and shitty things in the moment..Feeling of being buzzed..The taste of whiskey and IPAs..Occasional bursts of energy and inspiration when thinking about a work problem or doing difficult writing while drunk..&amp;#x200B;..Things I absolutely do not miss and reasons not to relapse:..Hangovers..Withdrawals after binging..Driving drunk..Feeling of being hammered and not able to sober up immediately/temptation to keep drinking..Smelling like alcohol the next day..Puking up pure liquid because the only thing I consumed in the last 12 hours was a 3L box of wine..Napping in the middle of the day because I had 6 drinks before noon..Pouring alcohol in to a coffee thermos so I can hide it as I walk past an elementary school on dog walks..Sending drunk texts messages and (worst of all) work e-mails..Overall heightened social and workplace anxiety (this is a big one I can't believe how much it has improved over just two weeks since getting sober)..Overall heightened depression and lack of motivation..More body fat &amp; worse skin condition..Lack of motivation to keep my room clean..&amp;#x200B;..What do you know! The cons list stacks up heavily against the pros list. Now that I wrote this the decision is easy for me. I'm going to take my dog for a sober walk and come back and get some work done. Happy hump day yall. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Great list.   It can help a lot to have that written down in your wallet or whatever to read if you feel the itch! ..In SMART they suggest doing the same exercise you did plus listing the benefits and costs of not drinking.   Basically you have four lists:  benefits of drinking costs of drinking (your lists above) benefits of not drinking and costs of not drinking.  A benefit of not drinking for you might be "save money" while a cost of not drinking might be "boredom."   There are no right or wrong answers.  It's all your responses.  ..Once you have your lists you go back to each entry and ask if your response is a Long-Term cost/benefit or a Short-Term cost/benefit.  Write ST or LT accordingly.  When you are finished voila! you have a personal Cost Benefit Analysis of drinking.  ..You also might be surprised at what you identify as short term and long term costs/benefits.  You will likely see a pattern.  
When you make it to Thanksgiving without a drink (which you will) it's not that much farther to the end of the year.  Might be a good idea to update your list on Thanksgiving Day to get you all the way there?  Just a thought.....IWNDWYT or Thanksgiving or New Year's.
Congrats on 14 days bud. The first two weeks were TOUGH for me. Glad you made it so far. Care to Jin me for No Drink November?
Try SMART recovery online as well.  Great tools there to try out on your own.  
