-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v5g2s/does_anyone_else_have_relapse_or_drinking_dreams/

I have at least one dream a week where I think about all the progress I'll lose if I drink and I drink. This past dream I actually thought about my badge resetting and how I'll have to tell people etc. ..Sometimes I just see alcohol and drink in said dream. I drink with friends and have a good time...I always wake up relieved but somewhat annoyed. It's scary!
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. It happens. I think it's just our brains having us on. Don't be worried.
A lot in the beginning! Not anymore 
Yes! I've had two this week. Last night was crazy I raged in my dream and woke up with a hangover like headache lol. 
Damn yes i've been having them. In my dream I forget that I quit drinking and have a few beers and then suddenly remember I quit drinking and I freak out.... 
Had one two nights ago and spent the following day super cranky because of it. Almost like I was mad at myself drinking even though I didn't drink! It really messed with my head and reminded me of how proud I am of my sobriety! 
I had one a couple of weeks ago. Hiding booze from family members and sometimes just drinking in front of them.  I don't put much importance to them I'm an alcoholic it's going to happen on occasion.  I've learned to not get too shaken up by it anymore. The relief is that I wake up sober. 
I may have about 2 per month and even felt hungover occasionally.
Yes! Isn't it crazy? I went forever without anything like this then I've had a few here and there. No pattern to it--not as if it was worse at first and then tapered off...Mine were variations on the same theme: I didn't "mean to" drink or I didn't realize I was drinking and before I knew it I was wasted and all angry at myself. Once the dream was so real that I woke up very unsure whether I was drunk or not. BRAINS MAN--THEY DO SOME WILD STUFF!
Had them all the time first 100 days or so. Have about one a month now. 
In early sobriety all the damn time. Even had some so realistic I had to check my bank transactions to make sure it was a dream after waking in a state of confusion ("How can I have drunk after 4 years sober??" etc).    ...They have become less and less over the years. Generally now I get them when I'm not taking action of some kind and heed them as a warning. Hold on to the relief and gratitude. The dreams will pass. 
In a recovery support group I attended. I was taught that it was a symptom of 'Post Accute Withdrawal Syndrome' (PAWS) and that it usually lasts for up to two years. I don't know if that is accurate but that's what the professionals told me.
I had them a lot early on in sobriety. Many moons later still have occasionally yet no longer bother me at all. 
