-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v6c0y/not_sure_what_to_do/

Hi everyone! I've followed for a while but this is a throwaway because I'm both a bit ashamed and not sure if I belong here but want to do better for myself and need some support. Apologies in advance for the long post. ..I have a family history of alcoholism with my dad I think brother (he might be the most severe but won't admit it) and grandpa. My dad had struggles with it for a bit after a long period of being sober. I think for our family it comes down to the habit of cracking open a beer after a long day or enjoying a delicious craft beer...or more than a few craft beers. It never was an issue for me until after our wedding when I had a surplus of  free' beer. This led to the idea of an unlimited supply which suddenly and dramatically increased my consumption. This led to needing beer and or wine every day. It got to the point a few years after the wedding I was having at least three strong beers a day during the week and much more on the weekend. The worst feeling is that once I have one I make excuses to continue drinking and end up going to where I severely regret it the next morning. At this point I feel as if I'm a functioning alcoholic and that terrifies me. I understand that three strong beers a day may not seem like a lot to some but I'm a very petite female so that amount affects me strongly. On top of all of this I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and lupus and alcohol is a known inflammatory but I just can't seem to give it up completely. I've had bouts of one or two days where I manage no alcohol but I guess what I'm looking for is advice on how to manage from here. With my tendencies should I just avoid it altogether? Is there any hope of moderation? I'm so stuck in between. Any advice or constructive criticism is appreciated. I need help. And I need advice. Maybe even need people to ask what the heck am I doing to myself. Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and lupus and alcohol is a known inflammatory..Just want to mention that I have multiple sclerosis and my chronic pain has gone WAY down since I stopped drinking.
All signs point to this problem getting worse unless you stop drinking. Alcohol is tightening its grip on you. Luckily you are self aware enough to be asking these questions now. 
Moderation didn't work for me.  Once alcohol became a problem the only way to make things better for me was stopping.  What is ironic is i held on for years to alcohol when it was causing me unbelievable pain.  When I let go of alcohol I found peace and freedom.  I'm so much better without it...I got help by coming here every day.  I took it one day at a time.  It was tough at first then it got easier. ..Wishing you the best! You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Craft beer is what got me in trouble too. Three high gravity beers is about like a six pack of bud light.  Soon I convinced myself that bourbon was also a "hobby". Eventually I just became an expensive drunk.  If you are drinking that much everyday you have an alcohol problem. The good news is you have realized it early before any health problems relationships ruined etc. .I listened to an audiobook called The Easy Way to Control Alcohol by Alan Carr and it was very eye opening and led me to address my alcohol problems. I would recommend it. 
