-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vdvdp/everyday_for_the_past_month_ive_said_maybe_ill/

For one reason or another I didn't drink. ..I've struggled with admitting I'm an alcoholic. I've just always told myself that a little time away will make me better. It hasn't. I get around people who are drinking and I have to make a real effort not to stare at their glass. I want a drink but I know it's not going to be just one. I might start with one but what's the fun in that? ..It would be really great if this feeling could go away. I'm proud of my progress but damn it if the draw to alcohol isn't still just as strong. Happy day? Drink. Bad day? Drink. It's a day of the week? Drink. ..However I'm pretty freaking happy that my new reasons not to get up and get booze are as simple as not wanting to get off the couch it's too expensive the dog is on my lap it would involve pants.....Maybe I'll drink tomorrow but probably not. ..:)
----------immediate responses--------

 I'll drink tomorrow  has been used as a last resort many times around these parts.
Ive been telling myself some form of "I can drink tomorrow but not today" everyday for nine months. I still stare at people's glasses. I still walk down the liquor isle when I go grocery shopping and look through all the booze. I still think about alcohol every single day but it gets a little easier to tell myself no with each day I dont drink. Its a going to be a life long struggle I know that but I'm comforted by the facts that a. it does get easier with time and b. I'm not alone in this struggle. Likewise you are not alone. Every single alcoholic in recovery everyone on this sub me we all got your back and we are rooting for you. Hang in there my friend. It gets easier and you are not alone.
I have been telling myself this very thing. I used it to quit smoking 18 years ago and it really works for me. IWNDWYT! 
Its almost comical my well im not going to the store to get wine now im too tired.  Ill go tomorrow.  Its just enough hesitation to let the feeling pass.  My laziness is really paying off on this journey!
