-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vfnar/timeline_of_my_last_5_days_of_withdrawal_to_those/

40M spent a large part of the year having weekly binges that would last 2 - 3 days followed by 3 days of recovery and then right back on it. My last drink was Friday night then tried a few shots Saturday morning but I threw up most of that but so I don't really count that day on my badge...Day 1: For the rest of Saturday I actually felt okay-ish. I still was able to get things done to some degree but felt like the world was foggy and I had dizzy spells...Day 1: Sunday I woke up feeling like a regular hangover. After a sleepless night I was a nauseous and my head was swimming. I was shaking real bad and had no desire to eat anything. I spent most of the day in bed was able to get up and help with some house chores...Day 2: Monday morning I woke feeling like death itself had reached into my guts and pulled out my soul. In normal times this is when a hangover would be mostly passed but instead I felt worse than the day before. I was shaking sweating wanted to throw up but I couldn't. I was so anxious that I laid in bed the entire day just trying to breath. I strongly considered going to a doctor just to get something to help me sleep but was out of money and gas. All I could do was drink clear water and close my eyes...Day 3: After a night of nightmares and sleep terrors and sweating so much and was so dehydrated that I drank several gallons of water and was still peeing dark yellow. I was able to get up and help with chores and ate a full meal with my wife made some phone calls and spent the evening too anxious to do much more than stare at mindless youtube videos and ask for a lot of reassurance and went to sleep feeling okay...Day 4: I woke up sweating in extreme anxiety after even worse dreams than before. A cold shower later and half a sandwich I was able to get my anxiousness under control enough to take care of some serious stuff I had been neglecting did some laundry and started ebaying shit to try to get some money. Took a long walk and came back sweating but feeling a lot better. By evening I was *starving.* I combed through my empty shelves for anything edible...Day 5: I finally feel better. Withdrawals have diminished to the point that I can't really distinguish if this my regular shakes from anxiety disorder or if it's residual brain chemistry finding equilibrium. All we have left to eat is oatmeal but I've stuffed myself on that shit.  I can focus again. I'm paying attention to the news again (unfortunately) and played some video games with my wife...LET ME MAKE THIS CLEAR: If you are feeling shakes and extreme anxiety and can't keep anything down and feel the *SLIGHTEST* bit worried about your state get to a doctor or ER right away. I've been through withdrawals before so I knew what to expect but if my symptoms had been even SLIGHTLY worse I would have called 911...Alcohol withdrawal shares a small and notorious club with only a handful of drugs that can KILL YOU when you stop taking them. ..Otherwise you can do this. It's going to suck and the moment you feel like you won't throw up you may want to "hair of the dog" to get yourself moving again but that will only prolong your illness in exchange for an hour of relief...Pour out your stash talk to the people you trust and care about get to a doctor even if it's just to reassure you about your prognosis. ..It's worth it to get here. I'm about to go take a walk come home and work on my *business* for the first time in *weeks and weeks.* I'm not comfortable but I'm not a walking disaster...A lot of what you're feeling right now the hopelessness the self-pity anger and feelings like you rather not exist... these are side-effects of the chemistry in your brain crashing. Your brain will get itself together if you give it the chance. Time and rest. You will appreciate it.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for the reminder at the end there...your brain will recover if you only let it.
This is a helpful post.  I'm sorry you went through it but I'm glad you recorded how you felt.  I'm wrapping up intensive outpatient therapy early next week and I'm very worried that I'm  going to drink  again.  Reading posts like yours reminds me of the consequences...Thanks.
Finishing up day 1 myself. Got through a week and just felt like s\*\*\* the last day and said eff it.
