-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vjr6o/hangxiety/

I'm struggling with anxiety today. I drank a lot last night (well Wednesday night anyway) and have had some hard waves throughout the day. Now I'm struggling tonight with existential dread...I had a really bad episode a few weeks back where I actually had to leave what I was doing and go home. I felt like I was going insane for about 20 minutes. And I mean that at face value. I knew logically I wasn't but it was not pretty. ..I took a couple weeks off after that and started again following a break up. I've tried to keep it reasonable but moderation is challenging and I wasn't really doing anything to support those efforts. ..Now I'm sitting in bed trying to sleep for the last 6 hours and wondering why I started again. Of course I have ambivalent feelings towards alcohol. There are things I enjoy about it. I also don't know why I think I'll suddenly be able to moderate. If I have any chance of that it will only come with effort...Anyway hangxiety sucks. I don't want this. I'm taking some more time off and reevaluating later. I want to feel good. I want to be happy and productive. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Never heard of it as hangxiety before but that's a great word.  Last time I drank it lasted for the better part of a day.  I got good sleep the next night and decided to get right back on the path again.  Best wishes.  
If you have hangxiety you need to knock the drinking on the head ASAP. I drank through hangxiety so much that I ended drinking myself into an anxiety disorder. The mind is a fragile thing don't bring the nightmare on get help and get treatment it gets worse my man but it can get so much better too.
Hangxiety! What a perfect way to describe it. Yesterday was the first day since I binged on Saturday night that I actually felt recovered from my alcohol related anxiety. Your brain is withdrawing from alcohol which features neurological processes identical to those found in people having panic attacks. Tachycardia dread racing thoughts all of it. But the good news is that our brains can and will heal when we provide them with the right environmental feedback. Avoid caffeine take some L-theanine and Passion flower practice deep breathing and wait for the miracle of healing. I promise you'll feel better. 
