-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vknul/exercise_childhood_trauma_alcoholism/

Hi everyone!..I went back to the gym yesterday but for real. Like with a plan. I've been darkening the door occasionally to do some bullshit cardio and whatnot but it's been a while since I had any sort of exercise routine either by doing it regularly or by having an actual program...Like getting sober working out regularly is something that I've done before. So I have an idea of what I need to do to make it work. I need to block it out in my schedule and prioritize it. And I need to have an actual plan of what I'm going to do otherwise it's aimless I don't make progress and I waste time and give up. ..Also like getting sober working out regularly feels uncomfortable and boring at first. I know intellectually that I'll feel better sleep better be more productive and have more energy if I exercise regularly but that intellectual knowledge alone isn't enough to propel me and keep me going...Dealing with alcoholism and establishing fitness both require taking action. Having a plan helps. Blocking out time in my schedule helps. Having accountability helps. (Hi everyone!  ) Since Reddit knows everything I'm working a plan that I got out of a book that Reddit *highly* recommends [Strong Curves](https://www.amazon.com/Strong-Curves-Womans-Building-Better/dp/1936608642/ref=nodl_) (and yes there's [a sub for that](https://www.reddit.com/r/strongcurves).) ..In other news I went to an [Adult Children Of Alcoholics](https://adultchildren.org) meeting last night and I'm so glad that I did. I went back to the same meeting that I tried back in August which was really small this week. It was just me and the chair at first which gave me a chance to talk to him about the program and how it works. ..The ACA sponsorship model is based on the idea of  fellow travelers.  It's not hierarchical like sponsorship in AA. A sponsor works the steps at the same time as their sponsee and sometimes even small groups will form who work the steps together. Childhood trauma is fertile ground and talking about it helps dispel its power. I can see how working the steps together could be helpful for both people. ..He and I started reading out of the [ACA book](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0978979702/ref=tmm_hrd_title_0?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=&amp;sr=) and sharing about what we'd read. I had just finished Chapter Six on my own so we started in on Chapter Seven. Someone else joined us so it was still a small group but it was still powerful for me to talk about this with others...It's a program for the Adult Children of Alcoholics/Dysfunctional Families but I'm starting to think that it's really a program for survivors of neglect and abuse. What the term  adult children  means is that  we meet the demands of adult life with survival techniques learned as children.  (p. 94) ..Survival techniques come from trauma. I have a hunch that not everyone who has alcoholic parents experiences the neglect and abuse described in this book. My family was Mormon my parents didn't even drink coffee but I still identify strongly with this book. There's a connection between substance abuse and child abuse but I think that it's the child abuse that's the more important side of the equation here...One of the things that really struck me from the reading we did last night were the  family roles that were required to approximate protection in an unsafe home.  (p. 97) These roles usually include  family hero lost child scapegoat and mascot.  I did some shifting between roles but I strongly identify with the lost child.  The lost or invisible child remains silent. The child knows it is not safe to speak. The lost child retreats to his or her room and remains absorbed in reading books or fantasies of living elsewhere.  (p. 98)..As an adult drinking allowed me to shut down and stay silent about how I really felt and what I was struggling with. It allowed me to retreat into my head and live in alcoholic fantasies. I can see now how isolating in my addiction was just a different version of finding a quiet corner of the house to hide out in with a book and my headphones. And I was disassociating and disappearing into my inner world for a *long* time before I discovered that alcohol made it happen easier and faster. ..My alcoholism is still mine to deal with. It's an established and real issue that I need to take responsibility for and deal with separately from this. But this is also part of my story and the two are very linked...I hope that life finds you all well and that you enjoy your day. I'm glad that you all are here. I'm going to make my through the slushy wet to the gym...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

I found this quite helpful; thank you.
Thanks for your updates.  I hadn't heard about AA sponsorship being hierarchical.  I think of it as walking along the path with someone as peers or like a docent at a museum or park does. 
Fantastic!  Your writing and plan for health and growth is inspiring.  Thank you for sharing.  .I think in my family of origin I was the lost child too.  
Hi Ginger  thanks for sharing all of this. It is deep stuff and something that I think I should learn about also. Enjoy the gym x
Have you ever been to the Phoenix gyms? They're gyms opened by people in recovery for people in recovery. Website is ThePhoenix.org ..I go to the Boston location and it's a great community. There may be a location near you could be worth checking out! 
