-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vlvrb/thanks_for_helping_me_overcome_another_relapse_sd/

Just wanted to thank all you all for sharing your struggles and reminding me what alcohol really does to you...I've stayed alcohol free for a few days after a 2 day relapse which could have turned into a 2 week or 2 month relapse if I hadn't been reading all your stories hints experiences.  Looking back it really was day 1 all over again. Since I had around 40 days sober prior to this I falsely believed this relapse would be easier to recover from that I was only 'dipping into it due to stress' and could stop as soon as I wanted.  No because your mind still plays the same tricks the desperate feelings the wishful feelings even though I told myself we tried this and it only made your anxiety worse not better.  It made you feel sour and acidic and you looked like crap and nothing got accomplished which only added to the anxiety. Even though you KNOW better...It is so insidious the way your mind will lie to you.  "Just one more won't matter" and "you've already started come on just one more day..." etc.  ..The first four days were the hardest. The most helpful way of overcoming this and I'm especially grateful to you all for this is reading the stories of those here who reminded me the path alcohol leads you down is always down.  People losing their jobs relationships money self-respect respect in the eyes of others losing control of themselves. That's always where it leads I can't kid myself it was the same story for me.  There is no harmless amount just like I don't 'just have one' hit of heroin or one cigarette and lie and pretend that isn't triggering the beginnings of an addiction cascade biochemically.  I mean I know this and yet for about 4 days there the first four days its like your mind is out of control in denial whatever you want to call it.  '*This is harmless this doesn't matter*' but then I read your stories of losing everything of feeling terrible of not remembering or barely remembering something horrible of not being present when your full attention was desperately needed of failing at some critical life moment and I'm like oh yeah *that's the truth.* *Don't go back there.*  In my experience the pull of alcohol fades the longer you stay away from it it does for me.  The challenge is always being able to resist and stay away from it long enough for that to happen. Those first few days were really bad thanks for your help.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! .IWNDWYT 
I hope you stick around those are pretty good insights.. the cascade effect.  Bang on that's what I'm avoiding when I steer clear of that first drink.  IWNDWYT friend.  
Welcome back friend. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
