-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vx3c9/drank_last_night_the_grass_really_is_greener_on/

So I made a decision last night that I believe many of you will understand justified by the whole "I've made it this far maybe I don't have a problem" etc thinking. I bought 4 cans of wine (canned wine is a thing now I guess lol) and planned to have one at a girls night. I went to drink with some girls I specifically did not tell I was working on sobriety because well... they'd be fun to relapse with. Ha. Anyways of course when I finished that drink I got that feeling... the feeling that tells me "this is not a bad habit. This is a disease".   ...It's harder to say no to the first one than it is the second... So after that first drink I went into "fuck it" mode and drank all 4 cans as well as 4 glasses of wine and another half bottle of wine when I got home. I had a friend with me back home and I told her I actually was sober and going to AA in the past month and that I do have a problem. It was a strange drunk conversation. ..&amp;#x200B;..Anyways today I physically feel gross of course I did NOT miss hangovers but- I am not nursing my hangover with more booze and I have every intention of not drinking going forward. Progress is progress. I think last night proved to me just how important not drinking is for me. It is essential for my well-being. I'm only 21. But when I stopped saying identifying with the whole "party girl" thing and started identifying my habits as incredibly harmful I can't move forward continuing to drink feeling good about it...&amp;#x200B;..So here's my little rant and a reminder to stick with our shared goal. It's so precious to be sober and have a clear mind. Looking forward to a night in tonight and a hangover free Sunday at least! 
----------immediate responses--------

I screwed up yesterday too and am looking forward to feeling good tomorrow! We got this!!! 
My life sober is amazing! Wouldn't trade it for anything
That was exactly what I needed to hear right now thank you for this! My 21st birthday is in a few weeks and I recently decided to give up drinking. It's so easy for me to think our age is an excuse to squeeze in a few more years of drinking but if I've learned anything I know the problems would only build up. Good on you for picking yourself back up. We got this! I will not drink with you today.
Did this yesterday as well. A lot less got me drunker than ever before and left me with a hangover. I don't want this anymore. 
Please jump back on the sober ride straight away I'm here to support you.
Welcome back! 
Thanks friend 
