-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w0ihc/day_248_it_got_insanely_better/

Holy Shit what a ride! ..It's been a while. I'm still eating crow from the last time I went off the rails (January - February 2018). As they say  God must love fools and babies  as I'm been able to maintain even with a little style. ..I've either gotten used to the taste of eating crow or cleaning up the mountain of a mess I made feels abundantly more manageable. In any event I'm hoping to spread some cheer. ..I was looking through my previous posts and it's a strange phenomenon. I remember those days but not the feeling of intense pain. It was such a horrid experience I suppose my mind blocked out the trauma.  The mind is a wondrous thing. ..I'm not struggling with those immense cravings anymore. My mind isn't using all its bandwidth to refrain from doing a thing. Feeling like your own mind is out to get you is hard to explain to someone who hasn't dealt with an addiction. ..The clouds have parted and I'm back to living life albeit with moments of intense emotions but not a desire to drink. ..Four years of back taxes filed! Poor bastards at the IRS assessed my income at four times the amount of my actual income (small business owner) and I ended up only owning them 10% of what they thought. ..Got a new job and I'm finally earning what I'm worth. Low self worth was a side effect of my drinking. It's like I knew I wasn't functioning at my highest level and therefore felt I didn't deserve to make a decent wage...I've developed a new zest for life. A whole new appreciation for the arts. I've also had the time and resources to travel a bit. In addition I welcome to try things I haven't before be it a different food music venue or alternate route home. ..A curiosity for life in its purest form has remerged. I spent so many years numb by alcohol I thought I was just the melancholy type. Alcohol divorced me from my true self. Still figuring out precisely who that is but I've got a better idea these days...My mind has shifted. I try to live in the solution now and have gotten a lot better at pivoting in situations that stress me out. Something as simple as taking a walk has helped me tremendously. ..The best development is I haven't  desired  a drink in a long while. I still have small cravings but that pass in short order. The latest was about a month ago. I spotted a sign in a trendy part of town on a cloudless day that read  drink back on the patio.  For a moment it seemed like a great idea. However that moment passed without much internal debate. ..Life ain't all pecan pie but I've realized it's not all shit either. There's still relationships I must work to repair and debts that need to be squared. But those are things that will happen if I just keep doing the next right thing. For me above all it starts with the anthem IWNDWYT. ..Be well folks. Hang in and on. Things do get better. Life is worth the struggle. .....
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. It's helpful to remember how much better it gets. I'm back at Day 1 but look forward to a future (mostly) free of cravings. Just need to get through the next week or two...
Awesome. I'm feeling very much the same. It's so freeing! 
Watched a documentary earlier this year about crackheads in the 90's.  One guy named Tony really stood out.  He said  one day I hope I can look in the mirror and see Tony again. ..That's how I imagine you feel.  Being able to see yourself in the mirror again.  That's how I hope to feel one day as well.  Congrats and keep your head up.
Thanks for sharing some parts ring a bell.   IWNDWYT 
So very much of this resonates with me!!! Congratulations on restoring your own self-respect and regard. And what a gorgeous beast you are gettin shit done!!! You've dug out beautifully. For myself and all the poor sods lurking and still in that awful place thank you for sharing and by sharing giving some hope. 
