-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w4qpa/sobriety_rant/

8.5 months without a drink (how do I get the badge btw?). I'm 24. Finishing up my degree at university. I've been exercising 3-6 times a week. I ran a half-marathon in September. Things are pretty good. Basically everything I could have hoped for. But I have two lingering doubts...1) I pretty much gave up on my dreams and what I wanted to do with my life while I was drinking.  Not unusual. But I haven't gotten that back yet. I go to class but I'm still resentful of all the  normal  people. I wanted to help people and maybe go into medicine or behavioural neuroscience to help people with substance abuse and mental health issues like mine. I wrote the MCAT and crushed it even (while I was still drinking heavily). But now I just don't give a shit. I am very strongly opposed to having kids (my genetics are shit and should die with me) so I don't really care about leaving the world a better place any more. I've thought that maybe that wasn't my dream and just something I thought I should do... but I don't really enjoy any of the things I do. Even when I go do things with sober friends and what not I still feel hollow and empty. Like I'm just going through the motions. I'll feel good for a moment or two but once I'm alone again all I think about is what a giant waste of time it all is. I was diagnosed with disthymia well before I started self-medicating with booze and am currently taking anti-depressants campral and atomoxetine to help  regulate  my mood but I honestly don't know if any of them do a goddamn thing. Is this a PAWS thing? Or is this just my new normal? Which kind of leads into my second point. ..2) I feel like it's hard to explain to someone that doesn't struggle with their mental health but this whole experience has been... traumatic for me in a sense. It's really shattered me in the last two years and I haven't really recovered other than I don't drink now. I keep getting these feelings like this isn't the end. I feel like I'm a ticking time bomb just waiting to go off. Maybe it will be a relapse that'll be so much worse. Maybe it won't and I'll just snap and do something crazy. My biological mother was bipolar from my understanding and I'm worried that maybe I'm bipolar and that I just haven't shown all the symptoms yet. The mania is usually the symptoms that show up latest. Median age of diagnosis is 25. Frequently misdiagnosedas depression or ADD (I've been diagnosed with both). I should be proud of what I've accomplished... but I'm really just fucking terrified of the future. All the time. It is not full of hope for what I can do. Just despair for everything I have to lose... I guess I just want someone to say that I'm not wrong to feel that way. My friends and family tell me that's not true and my life is going to be great and I'll figure it out... blah blah blah. But I feel like they're all the delusional ones if they think that things are good now that I'm not drinking... idk. This shit is hard and I don't know where else to go with these thoughts. (I see counselling every other week but there's only so much time in a session to cover everything.) IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

For me it took awhile to find my new normal. I am a musician and when I got sober I could not even listen to music let alone create it. I felt hollow and like a wind up toy having its spring ready to burst. But I knew if I went back to drinking I would loose everything. Slowly but surely over time things have came back. I almost felt like a kid experiencing things for the first time. I know deep down now that my disease sometimes trys to trick me into thinking that drinking will solve all my problems. That is when I double down on the things that help me stay sober. I do use AA and this sub. Plus reading recovery books and listening to podcasts. It also helps that I now have a sober group of friends and a great sponsor that help me navigate the choppy waters of life. Hang in there. It did get better for me with a little time and energy. 
I'm coming off antidepressants and alcohol and experiencing the same thing. I really think it's a symptom of withdrawal. You're physically and mentally unsure of how to BE in the world without the chemicals. On a practical level your brain needs to rebuild itself to find joy and pleasure without chemical stimulation. ..Also antidepressanys tend to flatten you out emotionally. This may be what you're experiencing as well.
I took up mindfulness with an accredited teacher. When(!) I keep my practice up consistently it helps me to accept stuff as it comes along to take a minute before reacting and to get to know my mind and body better. 
I was gonna mention it but you even addressed it in your post with PAWS. This is not your new normal! Maybe it is for the moment but if you keep on the right path things can and will still improve. I really related to the ticking time bomb analogy. I've felt hollow empty shitty and broken.  I hope you can be kinder to yourself and find some peace.     
