-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w6cyh/im_terrified_of_the_idea_that_i_have_no_control/

I've been struggling with alcohol for several years. After every awful hangover I told myself it would be the last time I drank. ..It was never the last time...After recovering from my hangover I would often find myself right back at the bar sometimes immediately after. ..After being violently whipped around by alcohol for years I took sobriety seriously and made some breakthroughs. Long periods of sobriety. I read This Naked Mind and Allen Carr's book...I've been through so much guys. I'm so tired. I think about days long past where I actually felt happiness and begin to cry. I absolutely *hate* alcohol and what it's done to me. As people say hate is a strong word but in this instance I feel like its appropriate and maybe even not strong enough of a word. ..I know I've posted about this in this sub over the past couple days but last Saturday I bought beer at the grocery store and the next thing I know I wake up at 3 in the morning with 15 empty beer bottles in my kitchen. I'm still recovering from this event. I went through a series of horrible symptoms and I'm now experiencing terrifying brain fog depression and depersonalization. Who knows if I fucked up my brain permanently somehow. I went to a doctor on Tuesday who said no but maybe I did myself in for good this time. God knows I've had plenty of second chances. Maybe I just didn't deserve another one...I guess the point of my post is that it's clear I have no control over alcohol. It apparently does what it wants with me. It tosses me around violently laughs and then throws me aside when it's done leaving me a broken mess. It laughs as it goes away maybe for some time before reappearing whenever it wants and having its way with me...Why did I buy that beer last Saturday? WHY? After everything I've been through why couldn't I stop myself and think..."Put the beer back. What the fuck are you thinking?" I wish I had had someone there to stop and shake me. But I can't have someone following me around all the time making sure I don't drink again. ..The idea that I have no control over alcohol is terrifying. We like to think we have control in our lives that our decisions matter that we're not puppets on a string. When it comes to alcohol I just don't feel like I have control and I don't know why. It's like I'm possessed. ..Has anybody else here felt this way? How did you feel with the idea of having no control? 
----------immediate responses--------

The other day someone on this site said something along the lines of "Alcohol can't beat me up if I am unwilling to get into the ring." I totally agree.
If you're able to write this coherently you're definitely not done for. ..It sounds like you need a lot more support than you currently have. You know exactly what you want and you're just struggling to get it. Have you tried medication? Meetings?..Personally I felt relieved when I finally acknowledged I had no control because it meant struggling with just willpower was futile (as you demonstrated). It meant getting help was ok. 
Sure. The first step of the 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous is to admit you have no control over alcohol. Once you admit to that you can begin to address it. 
