-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w8nf5/reflections_on_day_1000/

As I hit day 1000 today I am so grateful.  I did not undertake this alone but ultimately it was me and my decisions that got me to this point. I have to give myself some credit for this. The day-to-day struggle has diminished for me and I don't find myself thinking about or drawn to booze in the ways that I was before. My journey has of course been unique after all it is my journey and I can't relate to everyone but certainly some things are relatable.  ..After years of lying to myself (and other people I love) I made the decision to get sober on my own. I woke up in a jumpsuit in jail after a blackout night of drinking and after I got out I knew that I could walk down one of two paths.  One path would lead me right back to where I was.  I could keep trying to live the lie that I was "moderating" and in control.  I could keep sneaking beer into the house and hiding it and hiding my empty cans in the recycling bin.  Maybe I wouldn't end up there tomorrow but I certainly knew that eventually I would be right back there in jail or worse.  I did not know where the other would lead me but I certainly knew I would have more control over where it headed...I did not go to rehab I didn't go to meetings or go through a program but that's just the kind of person I am.  I understand I am lucky in that regard  and not everyone is built that way.  When I was young and smoking I quit cold turkey just because I had wanted to.  I plan to work and work my plan.  I did have a hearing coming up and even though it was a small trivial matter in the court system I decided on my own to reach out to a professional.  I talked to this therapist about a lot of things (not just dependency) on a weekly basis including by Skype when I had to travel for work.  ..I slowly started to realize how much alcohol was controlling and dominating my life.  I started to realize that subconsciously I had been keeping tabs on every drop of alcohol within the house and I could tell you on any given night exactly how much there was in the house.  I started to think about the social engagements that I passed on to stay at home and drink and the things that I missed out on because I was drunk or drinking.  I read stories on here I got inspiration and I realized even though I was doing this by myself I wasn't alone. I had people around the world just like me going through the same things feeling the same things thinking the same thoughts...Over time my anxiety has dropped.  I don't wake up hungover and I certainly don't wake up anymore thinking where am I how did I get here and what did I do last night. My tendencies to self destruct have diminished. I no longer think of myself as having little to no worth.  I don't hate myself anymore. A big part of that has been my dedication to being honest with myself.  A random stranger and I were having a discussion about my process and he said to me "You've found your self-worth again."  That small statement has stuck with me...I don't pay as much attention to alcohol or drinking anymore I just know that I can't do it. I don't feel sorry for myself I don't miss it I just know it's something I can't do.  To me it's akin to having an allergy.  I love waking up in the morning and not feeling like complete crap.  I still get crap for it sometimes by people who will never understand and I don't get mad at them I just know they will never understand and that's ok...To anyone out there who like me 1000 days ago is contemplating sobriety take the leap. You have self worth and you owe it to yourself and the ones around you who love you and will support you to give them your best version of you. It won't be easy it won't be pretty and you won't get a trophy (even after 1000 days!) but once you break from the shackles you won't regret it.  To all my brothers and sisters across the world I wish you all the best on your journey.  As I celebrate day 1000 I know my journey will never be over but I will not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I'm back at day 1 but I WILL put 3 zeros behind that someday. Thanks for your words!
Congratulations and thank you for your words of wisdom!! I'm still definitely struggling but proud and planning to never ever drink alcohol with you!!
Thank you for posting 
Congrats!!!!
Thank you for your words of wisdom and congrats! Here's to better versions of ourselves! 
Thank you for this it was excellent.  I keep re-reading it because it has so many great points. Congrats on the 1000 days.  I'm also one of the people who just quit without going to rehab and have never gone to a meeting.  Like you said everyone is unique. I hope that others who read your post are inspired by it.  I will not drink with today.   
Well said thank you and congrats!!
Oh man I'm on day 0 and your story helped me out a bit.  Molding my job and house and family and I can't really deal.
Awesome.  An inspiration for all of us.  It can be done.  Thank you for posting and congratulations.
I really enjoyed reading that thank you for writing it. And congratulations on 1000 days...D.
Thank You!!!
Happy 1000!        
Wonderful post! Congrats!
Well said. Best to you on your journey!
Amen brother.IWNDWYT 
Hello my friend. ..I had blackouts from day 1. Almost earned my self a holiday. Could have been a long one...Well done on 1000 days. ..           X 100...Yes I miss my alcohol about as much as a hole in the head. ..Keep on keeping on 1 day at a time. ..Just for today I will be sober with you ..John.   
