-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w9hff/it_has_been_3_days/

After numerous attempts and almost 23 years I think I am ready.  I've tried to read books find new hobbies stop hanging out with certain people and although some things may have worked briefly I've always gone back to the bottle.  Started out with beer 6 packs to 12's to 18's sometimes drank hard alcohol but for the past 7-8 years it has mainly been wine.  I'm sick and I'm tired.  My work suffers my family has to deal with my moodiness and  ill  days and I am definitely not the person I want to be.  I came across this subreddit as I tried to sleep last night and read numerous posts that I could identify with and others that inspired me. I was feeling some withdrawal yesterday and instead of drinking I pulled through.  Not the best idea as I struggled through the day in bed and remained awake most of the night but I have found some confidence that I haven't felt before.  I don't know how long this will last but I'm ready to take it day by day.  I'm so happy to know a place like this exists and today I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome! I am on to a week tomorrow. I love this Sub so much and I stumbled upon it in a similar way. I can say for me it has been a huge help. I wish you lots of luck on your journey! IWNDWYT :)
Welcome bud! My first week was the toughest - it took everything I had and then a generous helping of grace to quell old habits. So you have my empathy. I'll ask you to treat yourself with kindness during this time. It is an uphill battle - you don't need to push yourself down. I have faith in you. If you feel like setting a goal would you join me for  no drink November'?.Also if you feel so inclined get you a counter / badge. Seeing that increase day by day will increase your confidence. Sober on friend. IWNDWYT!
Welcome.  Your story is remarkably similar to mine.  Buying 18 beer but only bringing a dozen in the house drinking about 25 years also read books on quitting drinking while "having a beer" and ending up hammered.  I quit for quite a few months a couple of years ago then slowly slipped back into it.  ..This august i just got fed up with it.  First few days were almost like an out of body experience.  So much different.  As ive read more im sure i had some withdrawl things going on.  It gets better...A hard part for me in getting started was that i just couldnt commit to "never again".  Who the hell can honestly make a forever committment?  ..Folks here advised to just worry about today.  That was way easier to swallow.  Then over time i  accepted that life is better this way.  ..Anyway this is a great place to be.  I browse through and sometimes im asking for help.  Other times i can offer some feedback and encouragement.  Its been extremely helpful to me.  Its always available...Again welcome and good luck.  I will not drink with you today.
I was 3 days in at 8pm tonight.   I sort of count by the hours for the time bein. having trouble sleeping shaking a bit in the hands but I heard the 1st 5 to 7 days are tough as you detox.  I removed all alcohol from the house so not so easy to drink.  I am motivated to stop after 35 years of daily drinking.
