-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wa9e8/i_wish_the_anxiety_would_go_away/

I've been doing everything I'm supposed to. Cardio yoga meditation still going to therapy still taking medication. But every day still is a struggle. I feel lost and I'm terrified all the time...The people who are helping me tell me I'm already doing everything I can and that things will get better. I have to let time pass. But every day is so uncomfortable and I'm running out of courage...It's not even that I want a drink. I haven't for days now and I'm grateful for that. It's just the constant fear is wearing me out...I wish it would get better soon. I wish I could feel at peace.
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing everything right and it will get better. Is it generalized anxiety or are you scared of something in particular?
I know what won't help: drinking. For me alcohol was like a bandaid. It works kind of for a short term fix but it's not then long term solution. ..Sounds like you are on the right path. It takes time it's gradual and one day pretty soon you will look back and see that you have actually traveled pretty far. 
Congratulations on 22 days!  I am on day 1 and cannot wait until I can say I have more than a week of sobriety-- which I haven't experienced in over 10 years. ..You are doing everything right and you should be proud of the hardwork you've put into remaining sober it is not easy as we all know.
I'm really sorry to hear you're going through it. I've been there as well. Sometimes while drinking sometimes while sober. ..Anxiety is its own struggle though. Being sober and working out can help it from getting worse but sometimes it's just not that. Are you feeling like there's a mind set or thought pattern you can't get out of or is it more physical? Sometimes they play off of each other too...It's possible you're doing too much. You don't have to do everything at once. Sometimes anxiety is caused by the "must" feeling. I must do this and that and if I don't I'm failing. And sometimes you just go through it. ..Stick with the good choices they will pay off. But don't kill yourself over them that's my advice..Also don't get too anxious about the anxiety lol. It's ok to accept that it's there and may be there for a while
It just takes a bit of time I think. My anxiety has been a lot better but I've probably only seen a big difference this last week. (I've actually been sober nearly 40 days bar a small gin and tonic slip-up)...Hang on in there. I can recommend a book called 'lost Connections' which investigates the real causes of anxiety and depression it really changed how I looked at these conditions and what I did about my own D&amp;A. If you like reading it could help?..Wishing you strength and IWNDWYT 
