-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wfwrm/cant_stop_having_fomo/

Hey guys Disregard the badge because i need to reset it. .I'm really struggling with the idea of missing out right now. Not just missing out but also missing craft beer and going to taprooms with friends. This is such a big obstacle for me right now and I'm just not sure how to change my perspective. As soon as I start committing to not drinking I'm immediately flooded with thoughts of what I'll miss. It's really holding me back. Any thoughts? Thanks guys. Really glad you're all here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you and your friends could find something new to get into. Maybe you guys are secretly really into yoga or coffee or volunteering with dogs...Honestly tho? I wish there were taverns and stuff but for like hand crafted milkshakes.
Craft beer is my nemesis.  No real fondness for anything else.  But it's killing me slowly but surely and when my subconscious mind pines over the loss of my dear friend my conscious brain reminds me of the pain and agony of my last drinking session.  ..So I guess when I experience "FOMO" I gotta keep reminding myself of the entire drinking experience from the first sweet sip to the pain and agony of the following morning.  And coming to grips with how bleak my future will be if I don't stop drinking.
I had that fomo and persisted regardless.  Then as I lived my days refocusing and not drinking and working on myself in other fruitful ways  the fomo turned into jomo (joy of missing out).  It was a natural progression as a result of working on living sober and reworking my mindset about drinking.  I became convinced through the evidence of day to day living without drinking *through time and experience* that I was in fact so much better off without booze.  It became self evident.  
I hear ya!  I live in an area with a bajillion craft breweries.  I'm constantly seeing pictures of mountain biking acquaintances posting pictures on Facebook of their awesome bike ride and then their post ride lunch/pint of IPA at a cool local brewery.  Sheesh.  So yes I feel left out on the drinking part BUT if I were still drinking I wouldn't be able to go ride with anyone at all. I'd be too hung over and sick at home alone.  Feeling more and more depressed because everyone is outside having fun and I'm home ALONE.    I just drink Diet Coke lemonade or sparkling water instead. It's better then being home alone and drunk.  I can't do that anymore. It's horribly depressing. 
