-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wimq1/is_there_a_specific_mechanism_that_makes_the/

I'm sure most of us know it...the point where you feel a bit light but not yet to the room spinning point...is there a specific action that occurs in this phase where the brain that is saying "drink more!"  My brain knows how to get to the initially buzzed point and where to shut it off to avoid all but initial room spinning but it seems to be on a high during those times in between.  I HATE room spinning and sick the day after so I know to stop early.  I guess that's sort of the point where having an alcohol problem sort of works FOR you...you know what it will take and what is too much.  Inexperienced drinkers obviously struggle with this.  I just feel like there is a mechanism in the brain or chemically that is telling the brain to keep chasing the feeling...any insight?
----------immediate responses--------

yes... I'm no doc but its broken down in Alcohol Explained and I've heard some other people explain the cycle of brain chemistry. Alcohol loves alcohol... with biological causation - more so in some people than others. Dr. Gabor Mate has some interesting insights from a clinical psychology perspective. Sorry I don't have a good recollection of the full science. 
If i feel good after the 1st few shots i will will feel better after 12 24 or hell the whold bottle. Ive always thought of it like how a bull dog eats ( at least mine) will eat and eat until she pukes then eat some more. Once i put one in me the craving kicks in and i need more.
"Alcohol Explained" helped me understand why I drink so fast and obsess over moremoremore. 
I always enjoyed the first 15 minutes of drinking and then would spend the next several hours trying to recapture that initial feeling.  I don't know what causes that but it's definitely within my brain.
For some people the act of drinking gives us a hit of dopamine.  So dopamine.  Kind of important.
basically the pleasure of alcohol is in the comeup only so you have to be constantly drinking to keep the pleasure and delay withdrawal.
