-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wk9pn/12_days_sober_struggling/

Obligatory this is a throwaway...Alcohol and pills are my choice. Went to my first AA meeting 12 days ago and picked up a chip. Got a sponsor last week as she is someone I think I might like. ..She gave me her number and took mine and said she'd reach out the following day. She didn't. I reached out 3 days later (saturday) to her confirming she was okay being my sponsor. She said yes and was friendly answering questions and said we can plan a day to meet. I gave her my availability and she hasn't followed up since...Now it's monday and i'm really struggling. So i'm here. I struggle with feeling like i'm bothering people so I am too nervous to text her again and I can't get to a meeting until tomorrow night. Im just really stuck in my own head and the whole  one day at a time  thing has been  when I get to this day i'll allow myself to have a drink.  ..Is there anyway to break to cycle? Get over my own fears? Idk what to do...Thanks everyone and sorry if this is not the right place to post something like this 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Don't apologize! Thank you for reaching out. I am sorry your sponsor is difficult to contact. 12 days is great! I have been meditating lately and it's helped me when I feel a craving. What did you enjoy doing before you started using? The other day I looked up origami just because. It sounds silly but finding new ways to distract yourself can be really helpful. I wish you lots of luck. Keep posting and reading! This is a great place!
Try a new hobby. ..I picked up a Rubik's cube back in the day and that kept me busy for a while. 
You're in the right place! 12 days is amazing! You've got this! The beginning is the hardest but try to think of all the positives of being sober! Stay strong!
Hey sorry you're struggling friend. I'm 3 years clean and sober and trust me the worst times can still give me drinking dreams that are so vivid its scary and my brain likes to occasionally think of ways we can drink or do drugs at some point- the fact is it lessens three longer we alcoholics and addicts just stay away from it. On top of that I understand how difficult it is to find and keep a sponsor and also make meaningful relationships within the program. My first sponsor was a beautiful woman who you could think had it all- she was an amazing first sponsor who after maybe 2 years went out because of her family issues. It was hard for me because the last month or two i hardly ever saw or talked to her- eventually she just said she couldn't meet with me after i had to get pushy myself and ask her if she still was able to sponsor me. Initially she said yes of course but because of the disease the next day she essentially told me she went out. It took me two other sponsors to get my current one who i love dearly they are my good friend and someone i want to keep around. I have a point and i suppose it is that if youre feeling like someone is not essentially keeping their commitments with you you deserve better and have all the right to ask them if they really can do this thing and you also have the right to just say fuck it and look for a different person to sponsor you. This is about your recovery and sobriety and nothing else. ..TLDR: it can be a struggle at first finding a good sponsor you deserve one. Don't be afraid to call her and tell her you are struggling and need more support from her or to find a new one. A lot of us go through this crap and it gets better the longer we dont drink and let our brains actually heal. ..Also ask your current sponsor for other people's numbers too if she cant be there for you to talk or hang out when you need it. ..Alright good luck. Stay in touch. 
When my wife joined AA she first got a temporary sponsor. This is a person that helped her ease into the program until she found a more permanent sponsor. After several months of going to meetings and getting to know a bunch of members she was able to choose a permanent sponsor with whom she felt more comfortable. It is a big decision that will have a tremendous impact on your recovery. It sounds as though the person you picked when you joined isn't ready to commit. Try asking another person to by your temp sponsor for the time being..You can break "one day at a time" down to the hour or minute if you need to. The problem with setting a goal like a week or a month of not drinking is that there is always a finish line. Having a finish line in our minds never really allows us to fully accept sobriety. Not drinking one day at a time helps us take it in small digestible chunks. Hang in there. Congrats on almost 2 weeks!.
Hang in there the first couple of weeks are the toughest tiring myself out physically helped me. Every minute hour and day you don't drink is a huge victory. Stay   my friend. This group is great read some of the back posts and they will surely help. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
I would go to meetings. I would find a new sponsor and start stepwork ASAP. 
I would find a new sponsor in that situation.  Working the steps will relieve the obsession.  Step one is important.  It's your commitment to the  I don't drink no matter what  club.  I'm ok with the idea that alcohol is not an option.
I'm on my twelfth day I have found that journaling and thought-stopping have been very helpful for me. Keep up the good fight!!..IWNDWYT
Hello...It is perfect. You have reached out here...That shows courage at it best...You went to AA . Got a sponsor. ..Again pure raw courage...It is hard. Real hard. I Won't hide that...But with time and effort it gets easier. I am 28 years sober.  If it did not get easier I could not be here sober that long...I do believe a good sponsor lets you know if they are busy. Mine does at least. Also I understand they do have a life also. This is where 4 or 5 other phone numbers comes in handy...To get you over the next day or 3...I do it 1day at a time. No more...When a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves me but today. ..1 day I stay sober. ..If I can do that anyone can...We are here for you.  If you can do nothing else check in here once twice a day  more often if you wish. ..You are not worrying us. You keep us sober...So keep posting...1 day at a time don't drink no matter what. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Regards John         
