-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wkiyy/support_needed/

Ive made it 113 days sober the longest stretch in over 10 years. I have been fine so far but out of nowhere I seem to be noticing alcohol more and am starting to romanticize the old days. I need a way to remind myself how horrible my last relapse was(2 arrests and multiple hospitalizations)...I absolutely know I can't take one drink and yet my brain is trying to trick me yet again. Anyone else deal with this after being completely fine earlier in sobriety?..Just looking for motivation and support.
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. It's called the [Fading Affect Bias (FAB)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fading_affect_bias). It's a survival mechanism that helps us humans forget the miserable parts of our past and allows us to remember the happy things. Unfortunately it can backfire. Have you ever escaped a relationship with a toxic person only to find yourself day dreaming or fantasizing about them? Same thing.    .Any time I start romanticizing alcohol all I have to do is remember the pain and misery it brought upon my life. I take myself back and remind myself how I shitty I felt right before I quit.
Kudos for 113 days! ..One of the most constructive helpful things I did when I was first sober was to write down all the negative consequences of my drinking. Everything. How it affected my life: social family spiritual relationships financial health hobbies...you name it. I still have the list although it is yellowing after so many years. Gratefully I have never forgotten what is on that paper. ..Remembering what happens when I drink kept me from romanticizing the use of alcohol. I accept and understand that I have a chronic deadly disease. I know that drinking again will eventually bring misery multiplied. Since I don't want that I never take the first drink. No matter what happens alcohol is never an option. ..Having a therapist going to treatment and AA gave me tools to live the sober happy life I have today. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Personal growth is necessary. It was too hard to manage that on my own because I had no clue how to do it. ..Maybe you could use more support. ..
Aw man I still struggle with this sometimes!! It helps me to think of the incidents (even years before I actually quit) that reeeeally embarrass me even though I try and avoid thinking of those things in my usual life. Like when I was still living at home and went out for my birthday and woke up covered in vomit in my bed and had to try and sneak my comforter out of the house and get it cleaned with some lame excuse to my parents. Or when I was on vacation with my whole family and I got blackout drunk halfway through a night out with my siblings and have no idea what I said or did for the rest of that night and again woke up in my own vomit (I'm really not usually a puker!) in a tiny hotel room and I had to put the sheets in the bathroom and the whole room smelled like puke and everybody HAD to know but it was like the elephant in the room. Then I had to take bags in my purse for the two hour bus trip to and from the place we were going that day and I puked on the bus several times in front of everybody including my own kid. Oh man. I don't know if this was helpful for you haha but it definitely reinforced my decision today. Best of luck man and congrats on 113 days nice work.
I just went through this same kinda thing. I feel much better after talking about it and honestly just waiting it out. It sucks but from my experience it does seem to pass. I think addiction is just like life it gets rough some time but it passes.
I honestly can only get to day 7 before my brain starts to trick me into thinking that just having a few is a possibility. I have proof it's not though.. my last three relapses have been getting progressively worse and I am back on day eight now. So I escaped the thoughts today. ..But yeah they do happen.. and I'm worried they will keep happening. But I do know that both you and I can definitely keep taking it one day at a time. That's how sobriety is built right?..Hope you reach day 114! IWNDWYT!..Hang in there :)
These damn thoughts for me keep coming and going. I always try to play it forward. When my mind takes me to those happy drunken times (now that's BS) I always then try to remember  the next day  and how  happy  they were.  When I can sit back and really digest my thoughts I clearly see that my brain conveniently leaves out about 90% of a past drunken experience. The shitty part. It's not worth it. You are doing great. I will not drink with you today. 
Im almost 1 year sober - thanks to AA.  I still do 2-4 meetings a week because it helps and the obsession gets removed the more im plugged in.  honestly dont be afraid to go you dont need to announce your name...just sit and listen :)
