-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wlag3/one_year_of_reflection/

I'm writing this on the eve of my one year of being sober for the first time in the last 10 years. I'm now at a place that I thought I'd never be. I have Depression and Anxiety and looking back over the years I've used alcohol to numb my feelings. I never had an 'off switch' once I started drinking I was drinking until I passed out. I got two DWI's in the span of one year which opened my eyes a bit to the grave reality of my situation. I say "a bit" because even after the second one I kept drinking. A year ago I made the decision to stop drinking completely because for me there is no such thing as 'moderation'. It scared me to death - fear of withdrawals and the pure unknown...In the last year I've far surpassed my expectations. I went from a paycheck-to-paycheck lifestyle to now running my own business. I've been taken seriously and supported even by 'big wigs' in my industry. I've positioned myself to constantly grow both career-wise and as a person...I remember 11 months ago at one month sober. It was full of agony and yet excitement... I found that I had totally lost myself and didn't know who I was anymore. I struggled to even name one hobby that wasn't drinking.   That without a doubt was the hardest thing I've ever done because I saw how quickly I was succeeding in my life and kicked my own ass repeatedly because I could have been SO much farther ahead. ..Which leads me to the biggest lesson of my life: **I had to forgive myself.** It's easy to forgive others but for some reason I hold myself to unreasonable standards in my own mind. The years of shame embarrassment broken relationships asshole behavior and dangerous actions weighed very heavily on my mind. Now I accept them as part of my past but not "who I am" anymore...  .That's my biggest advice to anyone on this journey - the absolute most important lesson you can learn is self-forgiveness...ONE YEAR!!! I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats friend!
You inspire me and make me feel like there may still be hope for me.  I am still not able to forgive myself ... or even come close to unconditional self acceptance.  I am hoping that someday my life will resemble yours. It sounds joyous and peaceful..Congratulations!!
Well done and thank you for the post.  Inspiring. IWNDWYT 
I'm so very happy for you. 
Sounds like you have crossed a major bridge and are standing on the other side so congratulations!..IWNDWYT
I'm so happy for you. I want to be able to write this post in one year.
Thank you so much - i really needed to hear that today. I'm coming up to my first month and am very much struggling with forgiving myself. ..At the stage where i don't think i should that it is not an unreasonable standard by social norms and that i failed by being an asshole. ..That being said i am feeling that change - I'm not going to keep drinking and repeating this shit any more. ..I was encouraged when you mention the struggle of finding a hobby. I finally got a gym memebership after years of bullshit excuses and I'm really really hoping to do a post in a year where i am one of the shiney fit people encouraging others to try the things! ..Again thanks for sharing this!! 
Wow congratulations    . Way to Go!!! Stay  !!!! IWNDWYT 
Did you find that your anxiety and depression got better?
