-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9woecf/im_having_a_difficult_time_with_the_notion_that_i/

I've been struggling with alcohol for years. I used to have intense alcohol cravings that brought me to the bar. I'd always drink to excess. As years went by alcohol was having a negative effect on my life but I always found myself back at the bar even though I knew I had a drinking problem. It was like I was possessed. ..Earlier this year I went off my antidepressant I had been on for several years. Going off of them was unrelated to my drinking problem but I did notice that my cravings seemed to go away. At least the intense ones. I wondered if my antidepressant had been causing alcohol cravings which it can in some people. ..But even though I've been off my antidepressant this year I still had a few minor slip ups. Then this past Saturday I had a major slip up and binged...I remember walking into the grocery store and walking past the beer aisle. I remember building my own six pack which some stores let you do. I remember liking the designs on some of the bottles...I bought the beer and took it home. Not once did I consider throwing them right in the garbage. I began drinking. I remember having some brief hesitation while drinking that first beer. But that hesitation was quickly drowned out since it was a 7% ABV IPA. After drinking a couple more it spiraled out of control and before I knew it I woke up at 3:00 AM with 15 empty beer bottles on my kitchen table...I've been dealing with the physical and mental effects of that binge for a week now. Depression anxiety panic malaise. I'm horrified at the thought of what I did to my body that day...But what's also horrifying maybe more so is the idea that I have no control over alcohol. Why did I buy that six pack that day? Why did I seem happy to buy it? Why wasn't that brief faint hesitation when I was drinking at first beer stronger? ..We all like to think we're in control of our lives. After all if our decisions don't matter if we're just puppets on a string then what's the point of living. That binge last Saturday made me feel like a puppet on a string and I can't get over it...Has anybody else out there felt the same way? Horrified at the idea that they're not in control? That they're possessed in some way? Has anybody else been horrified after a binge after years of problems with alcohol all the books I've read about alcoholism everything I know all the conversations I've had. Why did it happen? Why did I buy those beers?
----------immediate responses--------

That sense of watching yourself buying the booze in the grocery store despite knowing all the negative consequences are why some people in recovery call alcohol cunning baffling and powerful. ..Some people see relinquishing control over alcohol as a weakness. I dont think it is. Letting go of something that doesn't help you is courage and strength not weakness. ..I had a difficult time with it at first but I truly just got sick and tired of thinking I can manage it this time around. ..Letting go of alcohol is a beautiful way to live but it isn't easy...If it were easy everyone would do it. 
You sound exactly like me. You're not alone...If you're reading The Naked Mind then you'd know that it takes time to undue many of our unconscious beliefs and behavior. We don't learn unless we fail. It's ok that you relapsed most of us do at some point. If we can just flip a switch and do what we set out to do there would be no drug addicts fat people or alcoholics. That's not the way it works...Hang in there this is just a small hiccup and a learning experience. One that will change your unconscious thinking since experience is the best learning tool we have. ....
Maybe it's time to cut those strings. 
There are many ways the brain can be distorted. Alcohol use creates a brain distortion that makes it difficult to stop...But this can be changed it's just a distortion the deeper part of us must heal. You can build awareness and become conscious of it and transform it...We don't have total control but we don't have no control. It's that way with everything and the truth of it can be scary. But there's also hope for awakening and for finding healing between the two.
&gt;we all like to think we're in control of our lives...I held onto that belief with a death grip...That in turn colored my actions to my detriment...I realized that my dynamic as a human is as follows:  I have thoughts I form beliefs I make choices I Act which in turn delivers outcomes and I use those consequences as a feedback loop to inform future processes...I accepted that the ONLY thing I have *complete* Control over is: my next choice/decision...I don't control my thoughts (thank goodness because I might get arrested for some of them); I have influence over my beliefs but they're shaped by others; I Control my Next Choice.... I guide my actions but error and external confounding interactions affect those and similarly other variables affect my outcomes.  My feedback mechanism is constrained by my biases my perception limits and general  noise  of measurement...The only sober choice I make s to have the first drink...After that I no longer have control over my choices because I'm impaired.  The alcohol always chooses more...Whadda ya think?.
