-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9woea1/online_resources_other_than_this_one/

I am REALLY trying to stop today is day 3 and I'm using a throwaway from the usual account I usually use on reddit...Getting myself into some serious issues and I'm almost certainly going to lose my family job and home if I don't make some big changes...I live somewhere where attending meetings is absolutely not an option. I can't discuss this with a doctor and I cannot look for support from the community around me. My husband will support me - but to be honest I think he would prefer it if I still drank as he likes to drink himself. One big difference is that he can control it and I just can't. Been trying to moderate for 15 years (I'm 31) and I've never once been successful with that...So my question is what online resources can I arm myself with to give me the best shot possible? I come on this subreddit almost every day. I have downloaded  home' podcast I have tried to read the naked mind but struggled a bit with it to be honest. I am aware that my chances of success are far increased with some kind of support or daily places to check in and such like so I wonder if anyone can tell me any other options?..This subreddit is amazing I read every day - but alone it has not been enough to keep me sober since I discovered it a year ago...Thanks for reading and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I know you mentioned This Naked Mind but Annie Grace has a 30 day Alcohol Experiment that is online free and was very useful for me.  She includes a daily email videos journal space etc...Good luck to you and IWNDWYT.
I do not know if anyone else has tried "In the rooms.org" They have online AA Alanon and all other types of addiction meetings. They use audience participation as well but is not required. There are several AA meetings a day and have different topics. I watched  a 12 step meeting and one on traditions. Found some good things in the meeting. Like this community the participating group is from all over the world.  Perhaps an option to try...Full disclosure I get lots of email reminders of the next meeting which may be good or not so good depending on how you view it...IWNDWYT
[removed]
