-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wvptr/struggling_with_the_guilt_and_shame/

Very new to sobriety. My five year old son saw me go to ER this past weekend for alcohol withdrawal. He also saw a lot of fighting and mommy just generally not being okay. He came home with report of behavioral issue at school which is very much unlike him. He is so sweet and well behaved. I talked to him about it before bed and he out of no where said  mommy is sick and will die.  I felt very close to death this weekend and that word was said. ..I felt awful. I talked to him a lot to reassure him that I'm okay and went to the doctor and  a lot of other parenting. By the time he went to bed he seemed very happy and reassured but I am struggling with the guilt of the damage I've done to him. ..Not just him but my husband too. Every day I come home from work he is standing on the porch waiting. He kisses me a bunch but it isn't because he wants to  he is checking my breath to see if I've been drinking. I can see how disappointed he is in me and how much faith he has lost in me. My step son too. I asked my husband for my wedding rings back. He has them in the safe. He still hasn't and I don't want to badger him. ..I've only told two friends what's going on and they both were completely shocked and had no idea it was as bad as it was. They didn't say much because they were in such shock. ..I'm dreading the holidays with the in laws because they all know. I'm so ashamed and what's worse is the legitimate marital issues we have are now scapegoated by my drinking. I feel so hopeless with it all. And so utterly alone. Which reminds me why I like to drink in the first place. ..But I want that 30 day chip. I want my son to never ever ever worry about his mother. I want to be sober for myself because I want a better life. I'll have to face the music and fight this out so one day I can make my son proud. I fight to live for him. I can't leave him alone in this world. I own the responsibility. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there I personally know what guilt and shame feels like. Guilt and shame were my number one and two emotions when I first started my journey to stop drinking. I never could fanthom a life without booze. The biggest tool that helped me through my first year and still to this day is... one day at a time. Only focus on the day at hand. Sometimes in the beginning I would do hour to hour even minute to minute. I just had to get through one day at a time. You can this! Many before you has blazed a trail. Come here often take the daily pledge. Say it out loud... I will not drink today no matter what happens to me good or bad. 
Hi and welcome! Sorry to hear of such a rough weekend. I can relate to your guilt and sham....my kids know quite a bit about alcoholism and from a pretty young age (currently 8 and 11)The more sober I am - the better EVERYONE is but I would be lying if I didn't say my kids are a bit hyper vigilant about me. They worry. I am not even sure they ever knew I was drunk - they heard arguments and fights. I have been on this journey for almost 4 years (still haven't put together 90 days  ) but I learn and grow all the time and try and reassure my kids that I will never give up on trying. I go to AA meetings and they know it is to help me stop drinking ( I eventually told them that a lot of the fighting was due to my drinking) and to be a better mom/person. My marriage is FAR from perfect - but my alcoholism is not the reason - and I don't let my husband make me feel guilty about it. I don't go blaming him either. We are both a bit damaged and a bit stubborn....doing the next right thing helps me to feel less guilty and less ashamed. Talking to other alcoholics also helps. Good luck - don't beat yourself up on the past. I am happy to not drink with you Today! 
&gt; I own the responsibility. ..This is very powerful on all fronts...I own my spiral into alcohol abuse...I own my ascent into recovery...I own my misery...I own my happiness...I own my behaviors...I own my failures...I own my successes...I own my shame and guilt and..I own my freedom...No one makes me feel be or do anything. I do. I am responsible for all I feel how I choose to be and what I do. It is a very empowering place to take a stand in. It requires courage resolve strength confidence brutal honesty and wisdom. I hope you can be all those things and earn that 30 day chip and beyond. ..My boy is 19 and saw many of my drunken days. He is amazingly resilient and forgiving...May you find your path to wellness and keep your feet firmly on that path. Staying sober with you today. Blessings..
