-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x19et/three_of_a_kind_inching_along/

Hi everyone!..One of the great things about having badges on SD is that it makes it easier to celebrate less traditional sobriety milestones. It's the only place where I've ever seen people celebrate palindromes round number day counts (300 days 1000 days etc.) and 666 days for example. I'm all about celebrating so I propose a new category - Three Of A Kind and Four Of A Kind Yahtzee-style. And today I hit 111!..Things are going okay in the land of Ginger\_Sprout. Nothing really new or exciting to report I'm just checking in. Sobriety can feel like nothing is happening at times and this is one of those times. I know through experience though that it's important for me to stay connected to what works in my recovery even when I'm feeling like nothing is happening and I'm neither making progress nor in danger of relapsing. Both progress and relapse have crept up on me in the past so I know that things can be happening even when it feels like they're not. I've heard people say that you're either progressing in your recovery or you're moving towards a relapse and even though those movements can just be inching in one direction or the other in my experience that has been true...I chaired my usual Tuesday night Grab Bag AA meeting last night. We're getting a nice group of regulars at that meeting and people are starting to hang out for a while afterwards to talk which is nice to be a part of and nice to see. ..The meeting format is a bit unusual. We pass around a basket of cards with questions on them and everyone picks a card and answers their question. My question last night was "Did I ever feel hopeless when I was drinking? Is there any hope for me today?"..Yes I felt hopeless when I was drinking. Some of the blackest most nihilistic moments of my life have been during hangovers. Drinking was killing me inside and it was keeping me trapped in a life that caged me in. But I kept drinking because while I was trapped in the cycle of drinking the initial rush of chemicals that I got from my first few drinks gave me a sense of relief. I kept drinking because I wanted to feel better and I could never really deal with life and feel better because I kept drinking...Is there hope for me today? Yeah because I'm admitting that I need help and support and I'm asking for it. I'm asking for it from my therapist from some of my preexisting friends from new friends who I'm making through AA from my sponsor and from my Higher Power. ..I've also realized that things turn out better for me when I don't try to control the outcome of everything. Loosening my grip on the future and just focusing on doing the next right things takes away some of my anxiety and gives me hope. Looking back I don't really know what's best for me. In the past there have been times where I didn't get what I thought I wanted and that ended up being a very good thing. And I can see times that I pushed for something to happen and even though I got what I wanted it ended up being a negative outcome for me. I do have hope for myself and for my future because I'm learning to trust that if I do the right things I will have outcomes that will be positive for me. Life is still life and not everything that happens is easy or positive but I do have faith that I can have a life that is good for me as long as I keep doing the right things...That's it for me today. Back to daily life. I hope that you all are well!..Ginger\_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Your three of a kind looks like a winning hand to me.  Way to go!  You're doing great things.
.[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) Ginger_Sprout I use to write like this daily... I think you have stirred the dust on something I am missing currently in my sobriety. Thank you for posting... I have been to a few beginners meetings that did cards like that. I liked them they were smaller and and I was greener sooooo it was rough for me but I think I wanna give them another go :) Hope you have a wonderful day
Happy 111 Ginger!!!       I made your cake with rainbow sprinkles  
Fantastic ! Have a wonderful day ! IWNDWYT
Nice palindrome!..I'm also trying to not be focused on outcomes.  Last night my daughter was having a bad attitude towards doing her homework.  She didn't want to do it she finally finished her homework at 8:30PM and this was not the desired outcome.  I was frustrated because that threw off the schedule for the rest of the night.  ..Going through it the experience felt catastrophic but now today I realize that it wasn't a big deal.  Not anything worth drinking over at least.
Congratulations on your badge days!! The more celebrations the better. For real. 
