-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x2o7k/i_finally_accepted_that_i_have_a_problem/

Sorry for the long (but needed) rant. ..Today is day 4 - no drinking and no smoking. I feel great no great urges but I know they'll come. .I come from a family of alcoholics alcohol gave my grandpa a heart attack at 54 and cirrhosis to my uncle at 38. He died of that mixed with lung cancer. Terrible death and very young. .I am 29 female have a normal life. I always wondered if I had a drinking problem. Starting 4-5 years ago when I would snap on people after drinking or 2-3 years ago that I drank every single day for 9 months. .I wondered before and took breaks on drinking to test it out if I was an alcoholic or not. If I could go 3 weeks then I'm not. Right?.Wrong. Because I still had urges. Bad ones. ..After 13 years of drinking. The longest I've been without drinking was ONCE for 3 weeks. .I decided now is time for a change. .I have a goal to lose weight and be healthy ans athletic and alcohol was always on the way I would promise myself in the morning to not drink and by 7pm I had a beer (that's my drink of choice mainly) in my hand and another 10 in the fridge. My problem was never causing harm to others or drunk driving or passing out. But knowing it harms me and doing anyway without control. ..Waking up at 3am on a Tuesday after a night of drinking with tachycardia and shortness of breath not being able to go back to sleep and it was all because of alcohol. Feeling a moral hangover guilt hate. .Then promising right there while struggling that I wouldn't drink until the weekend and next day I was drunk again. ..Seeing my friends my age healthy and drinking moderately or *mind blowing to me* saying no to a drink because they are on a diet   having ONE glass on wine when I can't stop at one bottle. .Seeing then running spartan races going to the beach in the morning going on hikes on sunday mornings without hangover. .I felt jealous. I need to change. .I quit smoking regularly about 2 months ago. Only smoking when drinking (which was almost everyday anyway) but quitting alcohol will make me quit cigarettes too and that's a plus. ..Sorry for the long post. I just needed to talk to someone and no one understands around me. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is the place to rant!   Good on you!.In the last 40 years I have not gone more than a month without alcohol.  From the outside you would say that I am athletic intelligent highly paid and a great father and spouse.  On the inside I beat myself up every day especially in the AM when I feel like something in the cat litter box.  .I hear you loud and clear with the tachycardia and disrupted sleep.  .I think the 3-4 day range is about when the cravings get highest.  I'm at 16 days so I know of no good reason other than lying to myself why I can't extend that to 4 weeks 8 weeks 6 months or a year.  .Please keep your streak going and I will as well!
You can do this!..&amp;#x200B;..We all understand here.  I was a daily drinker too... I remember hearing people say; "Man it's been so long since I've had a beer!" and I would think to myself "Man it's been so long since I have gone WITHOUT a beer!"    I was getting drunk every night for months straight.  Eventually I don't even know why I was doing it because I wasn't enjoying it.  I just knew I had to stop because things were getting worse in my life and everything seemed out of control...&amp;#x200B;..Glad you have figured out you have a problem.  That is half the battle!  Now just take it one day at a time.  Some days will be easy others not so much.... come here to vent rant relate whatever.....&amp;#x200B;..Good Luck!
Hi I'm clocking in at the around the same age as you female too. I'm on day 8 let's keep this up something finally clicked in my mind and I want to unleash my full potential I'm in the same boat about the fitness thing. I had always been fit and now the years of abuse are catching up. I would set something to do and then forget it the next morning or be too hung over and treat myself with some breakfast just to get through the working hours. 
I feel this too. ..My sister hardly drinks and she will literally take or leave it. ..For me it's always been  if I'm going to a party I'm going to get smashed' for her it's  I don't mind driving I don't care if I drink or not' and it BAFFLES me. ..And I really want that. ..Btw I'm 26 so not too far off your age and have been drinking heavily for 7 years (apart from when I was pregnant I didn't drink at all - and my life was sooo much better) ..Day 2 and going strong   ..Keep up the good work!!! 
