-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x2v5r/things_i_like_about_being_sober/

It hasn't been a long stretch for me at this point only a couple weeks.  I had a fake stretch of 42 days before this where I was secretly drinking some days not to excess in my mind but still drinking thinking my boyfriend didn't know. I thought he would break up with me if he did. Then on Halloween I got extremely drunk. My boyfriend spoke to me with love and care and told me he was aware of the days that I had been drinking during that stretch. He told me that of course he still loved me and he knew that quitting was a struggle and that he just wanted me to be honest about my slip-ups. He said was so proud of me because even then I was doing so much better. I cried a lot.   ...Today I woke up at around 8:30 washed my face put on make-up and started work.  At around 10/10:30 I took a walk in the cold to drop stuff off at the post office. I just started thinking about all the days in the past where I skipped classes or work due to after-alcohol anxiety and just lay in bed all day feeling awful about myself. I thought about how often I woke up and drank more to get rid of that anxiety and then proceeded to waste my day. I just wanted to write down a couple things I'm happy about today I'm sorry if that's cheesy or against the rules or anything like that.   ...\- I'm happy about my productivity. I feel like I can finally access my creative side again. Yesterday I baked a strudel which I've never done before and I want to try to bake a danish today. I got an embroidery kit from Amazon and even though I botched my initial try (send help please) I'm still optimistic ..&amp;#x200B;..\- I'm so grateful that I can pinpoint my anxiety better. I've had anxiety all my life and I doubt that's going away but when I drank I would just be one anxious mess. Now I can kind of figure out why i'm anxious instead of wondering whether I said something stupid acted stupid etc.   ...\- When I stumble my words it's because I'm stumbling my words. It's not because I'm impaired by alcohol. I don't have the kneejerk reaction of "oh shit how can I cover that up so I can sound normal" I can just laugh at myself instead. ..\- I don't have to feel ashamed. I am bad about keeping secrets. I would feel terribly guilty whenever my boyfriend came home and I had been drinking. Now the only thing I have to feel shame about is when I tell him I picked up a pack of cigarettes when I shouldn't have (still bad I know but I'm getting better!) and I know he will respond with support. ..&amp;#x200B;..\- No more going to bed without brushing my teeth...&amp;#x200B;..\- No more going to work looking like hell warmed over.   ...There are lots more things I'm happy for. It's not all sunshine and roses obviously. I still get anxious and bored and lonely and wish I could drink but I know how heavily the negatives outweigh the positives. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

This was super helpful for me to read. I too get a lot of anxiety after drinking or before or whenever really. It helps to know someone else has gone thru the same thing and is doing so much better now. Best of luck. 
Thank you for writing this. I haven't made the move to stop drinking just yet but seeing it put in print makes me realize all of the things I am doing because of alcohol. You can add inspired someone to your list of happy things for today.  
I would like to assure you about the list of things to like about sobriety.. it keeps getting bigger    iwndwyt.  Awesome job on two weeks 
"...and told me he was aware of the days that I had been drinking during that stretch."..*They always know!*.. "oh shit how can I cover that up so I can sound normal"..*I just became a mute for fear of slurring something or saying so outrageous and offensive that it would cause an argument. Not arguing anymore is nice!*..Keep up the good work!
