-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x9gor/what_life_is_like_6_months_in/

Hey folks. I've been around here quite a bit over the last six and a half months but recently had to get a new username due to some privacy concerns.   ...Anyways I thought it would be good to come and check in here and tell you all a little about what my life is like now that I'm 199 days sober. Back at the beginning of my journey six months seemed like an incomprehensibly impossible length of time to be sober. I agonized every day about how I would be able to live without alcohol. I felt it was impossible. I didn't understand how I would ever be able to 'have fun' or 'relax' without alcohol. I struggled to conceive of a life in which I didn't waste at least two days a week too hungover to function. My lizard brain spent a ridiculous amount of energy trying to convince me that I did not have a drinking problem that I could go back to drinking without consequences and that I was dramatizing the situation. In fact I spent most of last late winter/early spring "quitting" and then relapsing again a few days later until something in me finally snapped and I had my last drink on April 29th 2018. ..&amp;#x200B;..Gradually those agonies and those thoughts have calmed. I don't think about alcohol as much as I used to. I still think about it. I don't desire it most of the time -- when I do think about it it is in a grateful way. "I'm so glad I won't be hungover tomorrow. I'm so glad I didn't spend that money. I feel so good." I don't quite know how to explain it but my mind feels calmer and cleaner somehow and my mental health struggles (PTSD anxiety) have become a manageable thing rather than a constant war with myself. I'm making good progress in therapy. ..&amp;#x200B;..Now six months feels like it hasn't been very much time at all. Right between the 5 and 6 month mark I had a difficult week or two where I frequently thought about getting a bottle of wine and drinking it. I think the combination of temporarily living alone (no roommates for accountability!) and getting close to a milestone were the triggers to making me crave it again. ..I stayed sober but decided it might be a good idea to start going to AA especially since I sometimes feel lonely and isolated from my friends who all drink. I managed to find a non-religious group and I do think the support of having other people to talk with in a non-judgemental atmosphere will be helpful to building a sense of community and reducing feelings of isolation. I'm a little concerned that just the increased focus on thinking about alcohol and my relationship with it more often in the meetings will possibly lead me to temptation again but we'll see.   ...Anyways my life right now is pretty great. I'm doing some interesting work towards many of my goals and my mental health is feeling much less rocky than it used to. Even a bad day now is equivalent to a 'good' day back then. I can honestly say that I feel like a different human being. I feel like somebody the old me might have imagined but never would have realistically thought I could achieve. I try to focus on this new better calmer stronger me and recognize how fragile I still am and how easily this creation could be toppled by just picking up one glass of alcohol. ..&amp;#x200B;..I hope some of this journey can be helpful or hopeful to some of you. I honestly never ever thought I could do this. The first two weeks were the hardest for me. I think back and I felt sick. I was sick physically mentally and spiritually. A month of sobriety was an eternity. Six months was unimaginable. There were a few weeks in there I nearly gave up. There were also a few weeks that felt like I was floating on an invincible cloud of euphoria. Both those peaks and troughs gradually grew milder and have mostly passed now. What is left is a life: imperfect difficult and still full of struggle. But I am so much more conscious and present and alive than I was before. I feel sharper and brighter. I am grateful to be here today. I look forward to continuing this practice of self-love by not harming my body with alcohol. I will be sober with you today.  ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Did you ever have just one drink in the whole six months or anything? Asking for a friend. 
I have a pretty easy time with getting over the physical and mental addiction but I rationalize so much I just end up ruining everything. I'm upset anxious about thanksgiving next week. I'm just doing research now I guess. 
Congrats on over 6 months!  Thanks for the detail - it's helpful.  I'm looking forward to the time when the peaks and troughs grow milder.  I haven't made it quite that far in on previous attempts...Was there anything you did / thought different this time that helped make it stick?
I cried for like 14 months. What a fucking mess. I didn't even hit AA until I had a year under my belt that's how bad I was. Ick. I hated those days. Never again.
Nice post and my last drink was April 23 2018. Lots of similar experiences and I thought it could never be done but here I am. I've gotta go to Bali in Feb with friends so that will be massive test. Anyhow the anxiety has gone but slightly more depressed although easier to get out of darkness. I'm exercising and eating right after initial crouch of ice cream but that icecream binge was worth giving up drinking for.
I really needed this one today thank you. Incredible job and thank you for the inspiration!
Stay strong brother!
Great inspiring post - thank you. I have learnt (through lots of stopping attempts) that the one thing that alcohol always guarantees is the need for more alcohol - so one drink is all it takes for me. I immediately get pre-occupied with getting more drinks before I've even finished the first one then the next day I'm either hungover and drink again in the evening 'to take the edge off' or if I'm not that hungover (less likely) I start planning 'maybe I could do this once a week 10 days' etc which doesn't work as the cravings start coming back - it's like a whirlpool that sucks me back in after a day or two. Better to steer clear completely - it's not something I can dip in and out of (something I should know as being an ex-heavy smoker)...Did you start with a specific time goal take it one day at a time or something else?
I'm proud of you! 6 months seemed like the longest freakin challenge in the beginning but here you are and here I am too! Being sober has taught me who I really am in a cheesy way.  I still continue to learn lessons from a sober perspective. Keep up the great work. You will achieve your goals. One step at a time.  :)
