-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xakcb/i_relapsed/

I only made it 2 months sober. Moved and then it went down the drain. Or rather into my stomach. ..I've been having about 3-5 drinks a night for the past week. Just IPAs. Nothing crazy like I used to be but I know it can get to that level. I have massive anxiety about quitting again after the hell my body went through last time granted I was drinking a lot more back then. It's morning now I'm not hungover since I only had 4 drinks last night but I keep having random muscle twitches occasionally which is making me freak out about a seizure. I'm probably dehydrated. I guess I'll chug water take a gabapentin and go back to sleep and start this all over. I wish I could say I can't believe I let this happen again but I can believe it. I'm a drunk. I love getting drunk but I hate what it does to me and what it turns me into. ..I'm not saying never again I'm just saying I'm not drinking today. Just for today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Youve spent 8 out of the last 9 weeks sober. Thats  nearly 90% of the time...Everything you achieved isnt worthless just because you fell off the wagon. Get back on learn the trigger and try for 4 months next time!..You only fail when you quit quitting.
welcome back. I know how tough moving is. Did it in February and it really ampted up my drinking. After 2 blackout falls and busted ribs I finally said stop no more of this self destructing behavior.  Three months later I learned what and why alcohol had driven me to that point. Not going back there again.  IWNDWYT
Only 2 months? That's a hell of an accomplishment my friend. Seriously. The only thing that went down the drain is a meaningless number. Get through the next minute hour and day and saddle up Seabiscuit. You can do it!
It's like the gym. Sometimes we come off track for a while. But it's not a big deal unless you make it one. You're muscles are still there your cardio is still okay. You just have to knock the rust off and get after it. The alternative is you let it atrophy and throw all of the hard work away. 
Is it possible to get to your doctor to help set up longer term support? It made a big difference for me.
You're back today!  That's the first and an important step.  I won't drink with you today.
Alcoholic neuropathy. Learn about it. Take preventative action now.
Sorry to hear it was so bad. Hope you find your perfect place soon. IWNDWYT
