-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xcmwz/relapses_pretences_and_warning_signs/

Never until past Christmas I have had a sincere to stop drinking. What surprised me that I have relapsed again even though I really wanted to quit  drinking. After my heavy drinking and that happens every 3-4 months or 10-11 months quite unpredictable after 3 days of my last drink I do not desire alcohol. So it is not that my body needs it. My mind is not correct. I have decided to list all excuses that I have invented to resume drinking. ..The first on the list was the excuse to drink because my beloved grandad liked to drink.  After the book by Allen Carr I have came to the conclusion that my grandad's happy drinking was not the reason I should drink. ..The second on the list is the excuse of food indigestion. When I drink I may be digesting food better.  Given the amount..of the damage the alcohol does to the immune system digestion is a lame excuse. ..The third on the list is the sleep. With each sober month the nervous system is stronger but the sleep in not good. ..I think one should just wait and hope when the good sleep returns.  Eventually that will happen. ..The fourth excuse is the loss of concentration. This one is more serious but not mortal. The loss of concentration is not..that serious that one can't do math problems or a programing project. But it is easy to occasionally miss a stop sign at an intersection. Once I have walked out from a supermarket forgetting to pay. Again the concentration  should be restored after at most 2 years. ..The warning signs. When I reject AA or this forum. After thinking that I know better and I have my own way. I drink one shot of vodka in the morning and it may be months and many months sometimes I eventually drink many shots of vodka or glasses of wine a day. And I do not like it I am not proud of it and I am thinking that alone I will not make my life sober.  I have to be either part of AA or this forum. AA is great but sometimes my connection with the higher power is not there. 
----------immediate responses--------

Same.  IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing! My experience has been similar. Recovery from the effects of years of drinking has taken much longer than I expected but it took me a long time to get here it makes sense that it would also take time to repair the damage. I found that alcohol affected my digestive system negatively I never noticed any real benefits in that regard...And I've gotten sober before and relapsed. Just like you said it started with not going to AA meetings then with not staying active on here and thinking that my problems were unique. I didn't relapse immediately but I did ultimately relapse...As far as my relationship with my Higher Power goes I've been in and out of AA for a couple of years and I've only felt like I've developed a relationship with my HP pretty recently. I think that the way the Steps are worded and arranged reflects that this is a process that happens over time for many people...Step 2 is  We **came** to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.   Not that we already believed and had a relationship that we just came to believe. It's not until Step 11 that the idea of having a direct and ongoing relationship with a HP comes up and a lot of things happen before then. ..I like thinking that I can become an instant expert on things but I'm learning to accept that I am where I am and it's gonna take me some time to grow into where I want to be. Hope that's helpful in some way. IWNDWYT 
I'm sorry the higher power element is what might keep you from AA. I am not spiritual or religious. At all. Basically an atheist but not the active kind that says "There is no god!" Just the type who says "There's no proof so whatever." ..BUT. In spite of that I am finding AA to be...unexpectedly wonderful. My higher power is 2 things. 1) the power of the group as a collective of understanding people. 2) it is the understanding that I am not the center of the universe. Read that 2nd one again. I don't get to control things. That's really important even if you may not understand why at the beginning. ..Best of luck to you. Those demons/voices are so hard to combat. Even when you have a clear vision of the bad things that will happen to you upon drinking you still do it (I mean you in a general sense not you specifically). Like hitting yourself in the nose with a hammer. Right there with you. .
