-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xqqiy/999_1000/

I was planning on writing something really profound for 1000 days.  At this point I should have garnered some amazing wisdom right?  Not really.  ...Life after 1000 days of sobriety is just life.  Today I took a test for an online class I'm playing video games and writing up a short post on here.  I'm not a millionaire I'm not married to a super model and I haven't taken up extreme sports...&amp;#x200B;..The thing is I was in so much pain.  When I was drinking I hated my life.  I wanted to die.  I drank everyday without fail.  I was a beer guy and it usually took about 20 to get through a day.  My stomach was a mess.  It was a constant rotation of diarrhea and vomiting.  I had isolated thoroughly.  I sat at home watching movies and YouTube in a cycle of laughing hysterically or crying.  I got a DUI which almost cost me my license.  It ended up costing about 7500 in attorney and court fees.  ...My life hadn't just stalled it never got off the ground.  I never finished college I was too busy drinking and smoking weed.  I was sure I was going to be an academy award winning director.  Turns out I just worked for Blockbuster for a decade until it closed.  I never got married or had kids.  I watched as my friends marked life's milestones advanced degrees rewarding careers families.  It was like I was outside of life just observing.  ...My friends never dropped me per se it's just that they became interested in other things.  All I wanted to do was go out to bars.  Most people taper that off at a certain point.  When we did go out I would get sloshed while they had one or two.  Eventually they'd drop me off at home reminding themselves not to call me anytime soon.  ...I woke up at 36 astonished I had done so little.  It wasn't just that life didn't match my expectations I was "that guy."  That guy that never really amounted to much.  That guy who couldn't be depended on.  That guy who was "fun sure but when is he going to grow up?"  I was going to die with a bottle in my hand.  I was going to be that sad case in the hospital who was yellow from jaundice with nobody there to visit him.  ...I decided I had enough.  It had stopped being fun.  My life was half over and I wanted the second half to be better than the first.  So I found this sub.  I started posting and reading.  I finally admitted to myself I was an alcoholic.  I stumbled into an AA meeting.\*  I got a sponsor.  He was an atheist like me.  I worked the steps I went to meetings.  Slowly things got better.  It became less difficult.  The thoughts and cravings were less frequent less intense.  Eventually the cravings went away entirely the thoughts fleeting and not present for long periods.  ...I actually did a couple positive things.  I finally got that BA after 20 years.  It felt pretty good to have my elderly parents watch me cross that stage.  I traveled to Jerusalem for an archaeology dig.  I hope to be on staff next season.  I do a better job at work.  I'm more relaxed happier.  People trust me to do what I say I will.  I started dating.  I go to meetings a couple of times a week not so much because I need it more because I want to give a chance to people like me that are struggling.  ...It's absolutely possible!  Anyone can quit I'm not special.  I've met tons of people with stories much worse than mine who have been sober for decades.  All it requires is a willingness to get help and an ability to be honest yourself about your situation.  You can do it!!!  I believe in you!!!    ...My most heart filled thanks to this sub.  A little corner of the internet that saved my life.  Thank you r/stopdrinking.  Thanks to all the people who have messaged me and written posts on here over the years!!  ...\*AA's not for everyone.  I used to think it was a cult.  It depends on the group how preachy it is.  I found one that was very chill.  Just a bunch of drunks trying to support each other.  As I said I was an atheist when I first went.  My belief system would be hard to discern from atheism now.  I don't hold any religious beliefs I'm fairly skeptical.  I believe in a very loose spirituality who's cornerstone is "there's an amazing amount of shit I don't know."  It seems possible that throughout all of time and space there maybe something that cares whether or not I stay sober and is trying to help me even if that something is just other human beings. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and great post! I hope you get that job on the dig :)
Woohoo! Congratulations. I love the part about your parents watching you get your degree. :)
&gt; Life after 1000 days of sobriety is just life...And yet I found out that's pretty profound.  Congrats on the kilosober and IWNDWYT!
You are sounding pretty wise to me! Congrats! IWNDWYT!
This is awesome 
Awesome post. My 100 days was not as profound as I thought it would be but you know what all the moment in between when life is happening are what I am starting to value most.  Congrats to you on your 1000 days IWNDWYT 
Yahoooey!  That's fantastic all of it!  What a wonderful share thank you.  I'm so happy for your engaged life!
At 33 i can totally relate to this post. I'm "that guy" . 18days sober today. Took a second offense DUI for me to wake up but my path seems a little clearer today then it did a month ago. 
Thanks for sharing your story 
Congratulations!..And tomorrow your FFDSP !..First Four Digit Strobogrammatic Palindrome!
Congrats on crossing to 4 digits! Way to go!
Firstly congratulations on 1000 days!  Secondly I just wanted to say that I relate to this post so much.  I'm 36 years old and decided to stop drinking a few days ago.  So much of what you said is familiar from watching my life stall out never finishing college and watching so many of my friends moving forward with their lives.  I woke up this past Monday and realized that I'm not happy with the way my life is going and after taking probably the first honest look ever realized that I cannot control my drinking.  It controls me completely.  On my first sober Friday night in what feels like forever this post is such a great reminder and motivator for me.  I am definitely not drinking tonight!  Thank you very much for sharing :)
Thank you for writing this. I absolutely understand the feeling of life passing by unlived (right down to waking up at 36 realizing you're  that guy  or that girl in my case). I'm inspired by your story and your 1000 days and I will not drink with you today.
Quadruple digits!  Woo-hoo!..Congrats!
I want to be you when/if I grow up... I hope we will b tog my friend
Well done...I am a 1 day at a time man...But I would be telling a lie if I said I don't look foward to mile stones..          ..A marvelous story of recovery and what we can achieve. ..Just for today I will be sober with you 
You're an excellent writer and very introspective and self aware. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this. And congratulations on an amazing milestone. I do believe there is something bigger out there that neither of us understands that cares that you stay sober and live your best life. And if not I can honestly say that I care. Thx for the post. 
Congratulations on your sober journey. 
Congratulations! And thank you so much for this post. It really spoke to me. There's hope for me.
Love this! And I'm proud to be an ordinary alcoholic taking baby steps every day along with you. ..Very inspiring!!..IWNDWYT    
Cool post! Well done!
You're now  that (badass) guy  that made it to a 1000 days!! Good work!!
WTG. That thou is a nice round number. 
Congratulations and well done!  You're on the BEST journey.
Truly remarkable.
Good job! Thanks for sharing. :)
The thing is You Are Special.  Your story is important to share.  You deserve your happiness and you deserve this soberness.  I am touched by your honesty and even more inspired by your actions.  You are going places and you have just found your strength.  Anything is possible and you just not only showed yourself but others like me who are looking up to you.  Thank you
I really enjoyed reading this post.  Congratulations on your 1K  
Holy cow you said you didn't really have anything special to share - your post is profound saving it for sure - there is something so beautiful in the simplicity of life - alcohol takes away all the balance and simplicity -your post just explains it so well!!! Congrats to you friend!!! 
Nice job!
IWNDWYT 
Your post made me curious as to how many days I was at since I stopped counting awhile ago. I'm at 999! So bizarre. Congrats on 1000 days! ..IWNDWYT 
Congratulations. I (probably) don't know you IRL but I am so so proud of you!  
Thank you so much for taking the time to write these words down and inspire me. I also like how you presented AA for the sub. Different groups can vary in terms of preachiness or spirituality--but by attending these meetings I do keep the focus on myself and experience a bit of peace. Cheers!
Congrats! You are a beacon of hope..Also try some extreme sports!
Happy Thousand!
*starts post saying he's got nothing profound to write proceeds with story of profound insight and life change*..Congrats on the 1000 and on turning your life around. Profoundly inspiring to read! IWNDWYT 
I really like your comment about AA. I went to meetings for 2 years. Worked the steps and all that. It was the best thing I could have done for my sobriety. I dont go anymore but it was the foundation I needed to get my life back on track...5 years later still heroin free. Started drinking again last year. Its picked up recently and thats why I'm here. Prob time for an AA refresher...AA is not for everyone but I guarantee if you go and find a sponsor you like and work the steps all the way through to the best of your ability your life will improve. ..I went to rehab an atheist. Grew up Catholic and hated anything to do with church/God/etc. Today I pray morning and night and I can honestly say my life is better for it...I dont pray to a catholic god or Hindu God I just talk to whatever is out there and ask for help to be a better person and then I am...Even if it's a placebo who cares? Placebos work.
Inspiring. I wanted to stop so many times but to this day I didn't accomplish this... but story's like yours r inspiring and helping me to start again and again till the day I will not fucking drink with anyone! And after I found this sub I am sure I will get to this point! Thank u for ur story and ur feelings it's inspiring. &lt;3 ..Edit: Sorry for the English it's not the best. 
Congratulations  
Congratulations on your great achievements. IWNDWYT
Incredible! You're such an inspiration for me keep up the amazing work!!
I love this. Thanks for posting
"Just life" is "just marvelous." Congrats.
Congrats on 1K! Great read honest to the core. Thanks for sharing hope. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Way to go getting 1000 days! Sounds like your life is turning around.
Congrats on 1000.  Thanks for the very inspiring post.  Iwndwyt..
Amazing. Congrats! Proud of you for all your accomplishments : )
