-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xrsyh/at_two_weeks_and_feeling_the_itch_where_are_my/

The idea of alcohol   the romanticized notion of it   still appeals to me on some unconscious level I can't control and today after two weeks abstinent it calls to me. Literally every part of my life is better since quitting (again) and yet I'm craving. I don't actually want it. At all. It's poison. I hate it. And yet I do want it. Wtf. It's frustrating. ..Fortunately I've played the tape forward. Even if I were to get a fancy bottle of (insert whatever) and have a few and feel good and slowly drift off and nothing went wrong I'd awaken the beast. Best case scenario the monster would gain strength. Today would be fine. But then tomorrow or the next day or some day soon I have zero doubt I'd wake up some morning at 3:03AM with a pounding head a racing heart nauseous anxiety filled and miserable as hell wondering why oh why I started at all   why oh why I had that first one drink. ..Also fortunate   I'm over relapsing and the past ones have truly taught me that alcohol isn't for me. It literally never works out well in the end. I'm not dumb enough to try again. So I'll trust my old self and stay sober tonight. ..Even though I feel anxious and discontent and fidgety and upset and annoyed I won't drink tonight. Or tomorrow. Or ever. ..But I'm pissed that I feel pissed about it. ..Riding the wave SD!     Who is with me? ..-Jack..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at home bored to death I've cleaned the house for 8 hours today my husband is gone and my daughter is at the in-law's and I am sitting here very much thinking about how normally I would be drinking tonight...I know that with no one to have to wake up for in the morning I would end up drinking until I pass out and I'd feel like shit tomorrow. I know that I'll regret giving up all the time I've been sober. I know that I want to be a person who doesn't drink and who feels good. ..But man that stupid little voice in the back of my head is telling me *this is what we do when we have a free night!* Even though I know that a free night tonight will turn into drinking every other night again. ..But yeah I'm annoyed about it today...IWNDWYT even if I'm going to sulk about it!
Here's a mindfulness technique called [urge surfing](http://portlandpsychotherapyclinic.com/2011/11/riding-wave-using-mindfulness-help-cope-urges/) that I have found helpful.    ..Romanticizing the  good times  of our addiction and forgetting the misery it brought upon us is a psychological condition called the [Fading Affect Bias](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780128000526000032). Have you ever narrowly escaped a relationship with a toxic person only to day dream and fantasize about them later? Same shit.    .    .Good for you for using your resources and staying strong! IWNDWYT
Say hey! So im doing a Tara Brach meditation course because reasons. ..She's got another acronym (i collect them). ..It's RAIN. .- Recognize (irritable) .- Accept (post on Reddit?) .- Investigate (try something new).- Nurture (be kind to yourself and each other?) ..Her voice is actually not annoying and the course has 5 minute chunks of info so can hold my restless spirit. ..Anyways i live in irritated it's my true home when not drinking unless I'm doing doing doing. I got a project car. A garden. Joined the gym. Writing short stories. Etc etc etc etc. ..The cool thing about the Dharma is that there is no wrong things - except taking intoxicants. So today is a win. ..And if you want a surfing coming of age story - read or watch Tim Wintons book/movie Breath. Very cool. .
I'm not drinking with you today. 
trying listening to "joe and charlie aa doctors opinion" on youtube at min 9:00 onwards. that may help.
Day 5 for me this evening.  Haven't been sober this long in probably over a year.  Feels weird on a Friday night and I'm definitely feeling the need to unwind with a glass of white wine...  it's been so difficult to process emotions boredom guilt etc without the drink. .I'm staying strong tonight though. I can't wait to wake up tomorrow without the overwhelming anxiety lingering much longer after the hangover has passed. .Staying sober with you tonight my friend! 
All the way. ..Feeling the exact same all evening. I want to be here but something is missing. I don't want alcohol but I do. So hard to explain but it sounds like we are in the same boat tonight...Off to bed now delighted I did not drink today and won't this weekend. 
Had to go into CVS tonight and go near the booze aisle to get something and just wanted to grab a bottle but I had to remember all the shitty things that would happen if I bought it. So now I'm watching Grey's Anatomy with my wife and getting down on some Mango La Croix. Tomorrow self is already thanking me....IWNDWYT
That pull towards alcohol does fade quite a bit with time. It got a little bit better for me every day from around one month in til now. Stay vigilant my friend!!
Dude thanks for sharing. I anticipate being where you are any day now. I hope to handle it like a boss too.
Oh man I was itchy today too. WANT WANT WANT my brain was screaming. I only played it forward to tomorrow morning but I really like what you did looking further ahead. Thank you.  
I'm with you man your  awaken the beast  line really hits home with me been fighting the urge all night I know what's gonna happen if I bargain into one or two drinks and I just need to keep starving that bastard I'm about a week behind you but I'm determined to keep adding days my flair..IWNDWYT
