-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xsb9m/roommates_left_for_the_weekend_left_a_fridge_full/


----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. You're stronger than those bottles.
Can you lock it up and freeze the key? Leave it with a neighbor for safe keeping?
Give the bottles to someone else. Seriously. Don't drink it. If you can't give em to someone? Tell a friend to come take em for the time being. 
I am at deer camp. Beers wine top shelf liquor... I just passed six months without a drop. It is hard. We are tested. With proper positive support it can be done. It feels so much better the next day. You can do this.
Get a pen and paper and write a note about your struggle and tape it to the fridge. If for some reason you are tempted to have a drink read your note to remind you of your struggle. If after reading you are still tempted get out the pen and paper and write some more and tape that to the fridge as well. ..IWNDWYT
Stay strong! I'm rooting for you.  Waking up sober is worth it. IWNDWYT 
Fight the good fight.  You don't need it.
 Picture the difference of your mornings. Really take time to picture them. What one would you prefer? You can do this! And tomorrow morning you will be proud you stuck to your commitment. I like to give myself permission to grab my favorite dessert or food if I'm really struggling. I won't drink with you tonight. 
1 day at a time...When a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..This helped me and is the way I still do it at 28 years in.
My fiance went and bought my favourite beer for me tonight as a "treat." He knows I'm working really hard at steadily weaning myself off the drinking so I know that the gesture was one of love. I couldn't bring myself to tell him that I'm only drinking shitty beer while I'm weaning so I can try to train my brain to not enjoy it so much. So those beers will sit in the fridge until he consumes them. 
UPDATE: ..1. First of all it's hard to believe how powerful just putting that little call for help out was. Under normal circumstances I would have felt alone and despairing given up trying and had a beer which would have led to another one then probably the wine which of course would have meant finishing off the bottle. I would have woken up gross and hating myself with god knows what calls/texts/etc in between. Instead I thought to myself OK I admitted my fear asked for support and then didn't want to report back that I'd failed. This little act affirmed to me that I wanted to be strong and be my best self. (I'm sure this isn't exactly a groundbreaking discovery to those of you who've been part of this sub for a while!) So THANK YOU..2. To help the situation I called a trusted friend who knows I'm trying to quit drinking and she took me out to dinner where I had a lovely mocktail and roasted parsnips and clams and potatoes and chocolate torte. I came back washed my face brushed and flossed my teeth and am now upstairs in bed away from the kitchen with everything I need (Netflix magazines podcasts a big glass of water and a notebook in which I am going to write about my struggle per [NotYou007](https://www.reddit.com/user/NotYou007) in case I need to tape it to the fridge and write about good morning will be per [Montymiss](https://www.reddit.com/user/Montymiss)!) and feeling GREAT. I'm not prone to starting drinking late (happy hour is my weakness those hours between 4 and 8 are THE WORST) and I have breakfast plans so I'm not worried about the morning and then I'm going to visit a sober friend overnight. WHEW. A lot of planning but it will help me get a couple more days under my belt. (Please tell me it gets easier.) Again THANK YOU for the motivation to make all this happen instead of the alternative scenario. ..Sorry this is long! I'm just overwhelmed and happy to make it past a major temptation and to have a plan to do the same tomorrow. I'm only on Day 3 this go and want so badly for it to stick this time. 
I saw a bottle of gin on the bottom shelf of the fridge while putting orange juice away at my brothers house the other day.   Who would know if it filled half a glass with gin and a splash of OJ.   It would get me over the craving jump cuz I would be hung over for a day or two then back on the wagon.  I DIDN'T DO IT!   I don't know why or where the will came from but I didn't.  34 days sober.   So if I can I know u can!!!! IWNDWYT!!!!
Stay strong and I second the idea that others have said about Make Yourself Accountable. You already kind of did that by reaching out here but another way may help also. A close friend who does know your struggles...I find comfort in the Recovery Elevator podcast when I don't have someone to share with. Exercise is another good tool if you can. Journaling might help. ..We are with you you can do this!
Found a half drank bottle of whiskey in a weird up high cabinet today (not mine a friend's who stays with me sometimes). Smelled it. Put it back. Been obsessing about whether to dump it or not not overwhelmingly tempted to drink it. Let's both not indulge in what's not ours to indulge in okay? Even though it's hard. We got this. And I'm going to dump the whiskey. 
Temptations will always be there...You can absolutely do this. .
Just think how nice Monday will feel if you just leave that shit there....You have never regretted not drinking and you won't regret your decision to remain sober this weekend &lt;3
Great work!
You've got this IWNDWYT
It's the 1st drink....
Keep at it fella. I'm in the middle of a day off resisting the weed that is sitting right around the corner. 
Sale or give them away. When he returns and ask where the grog say you did quote "help mtself"
You've got this.
I am glad it helped.  Maybe look into moving out it has to be hard with roommates who drink.  Best of luck 
You can do this ! Be strong.  It dies get easier as the body does not want to be poisoned!! Iwndwyt 
IWNDWYT
Good job on putting it here you see the problem and you talk about it. That is great. Pour it out and enjoy a weekend without alcohol and your roomates. You got this! 
Good job! Youre putting your sobrerity first. 
This is a text on the journey over come the test you are winning the fight .
Proud of you  stranger! iwndwyt
Hi! Just checking in with you. I support you and IWNDWYT!
I would throw it out   they sure wouldn't do it again 
I don't have any advice or really anything helpful for this scenario and I'm not going to pretend this will be easy on you so I'm here to just wish you well wish you some luck and steadfast will. I know it's not particularly helpful but it's really all I can offer now. I do hope you remember that others some you've never even met wish you all the best and maybe that helps. Idk.
You are smart to identify which hours are the worst for you.  You got this.
Good for you man. That's a tough one. I'm going through just a mini version of this myself right now - empty house for 4 hours and my wife's nice bottle of vodka (a gift she just received) in the cupboard calling my name...Just took the dog for a walk poured a big mug of coffee and came on here. So far so good. LOL..&amp;#x200B;..But yikes... full fridge of beer and a whole weekend alone. That's a few steps higher up the ladder. Keep it going strong!!
