-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xsw1v/alcoholics_drink_for_the_hangover_not_the_buzz/

A psychiatrist who had been in practice for decades once told me that his theory was that alcoholics drink for the hangover.  I thought at the time (10 years ago) that was silly.  I said people drink to feel better not to feel worse! He said but you end up feeling worse that is the point of why you really do it the way you physically feel finally mirrors the way you emotionally feel.  It's a type of honesty to carry this burden of feeling shitty inside and now you make yourself feel shitty outside too. So your outsides match your inside emotional state to eliminate the cognitive dissonance of maintaining a false front. And the people you surround yourself with are also committed to this game.  I thought he was way off base...I've been thinking about those words recently.  I felt so awful after my relapse couldn't even stand up the next day.   I wanted to cry in bed my bones and my muscles hurt I'd let everyone down again.  Strangely though I did agree with him in that moment. I remember thinking I'm tired of putting on a false front of pretending everything is ok when I'm screaming inside.  I'm tired of being friendly when people have let me down I am so filled with frustration.  Feeling so ill so hopeless my body in so much pain it felt brutally honest.  *This is what I am really like* if you take away the nice girl mask.  I am so exhausted so tired I am sick a hopeless wreck and I hurt and I try to cover it up but it's still there all the time.  There is a mountain of problems I don't want to face and it is too much to face sometimes and that mountain has grown as large as it is precisely because I've spent 15 years not facing or handling things. Look at this hungover face this sad visage this brutal bloodshot unhappy crying-inside face.  This is the *real me* this picture of me is so real I don't understand how it is I can have a pretty face at all when I am so miserable.  What a lie to walk around with a smile on my face when I'm dying inside of fear anxiety and all the problems I've caused and the problems I haven't caused that feel beyond my capability to solve. Can't anyone see it? Do I hide it so well? Well some things refuse to stay hidden forever.  Here it is. The face of truth. ..I wonder if this need for honesty drives my craving for alcohol sometimes.  I need to think about how I am being emotionally dishonest and resolve the problem rather than using alcohol to bring it to the surface for me...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great perspective. I'm constantly wondering why I'm so driven to self-harm with drinking... there's something there for sure. Thanks for sharing! 
Very interesting. I think there's some truth to it. 
Thanks for sharing so authentically. I completely relate. Staying sober has given me so much peace and I'm starting to feel comfortable being me. I'd say again but I don't think I was ever comfortable with me before drinking either. Wishing the same for you!
Hm doesn't really resonate with me. But toward the end I was definitely drinking *despite" the hangover the guilt the degradation knowing it would come and feeling it was what I deserved. Pretty bleak. 
Wow this really resonated with me. Thank you. 
I drank to get away from negative emotions. ..Not for the hang over. My hang overs were from day 1 laying on the bathroom floor trying to get my head over the bowl. To comming to in a mess because I was so far gone I did not even know where I was let alone what was happening. ..I did not drink for this.
I always like the concept:  I drink because I'm an alcoholic. ..It works on more than one level. Especially later as the alcoholism progresses there is often a phase where the simple enormity if being a drunk makes it wretched to stay sober...I honestly don't understand the concept of drinking for the hangover. I think the doctor was not an alcoholic...If I could have just stayed buzzed I would have never quit drinking...The hangovers and other complications are what forced me to abstain. ..I don't know that and alcoholic technically  wants' to quit. Rather circumstances simplify become too unbearable to continue. 
That first paragraph sums up what I felt I was doing to myself but has never been able to articulate. Thanks so much for sharing.
It's poetic but I don't find it helpful for dealing with the addiction. I drank because I liked the effect alcohol had on me I loved it! What I didn't realize was the effects I could not consciously perceive - the depression. I'm currently of a mind that while the psychological stuff has value (with &amp; without alcohol I have issues) but at its root this is a brain chemistry issue. Everybody's reaction is different but all people have a point at which the amount of alcohol they consume regularly will become addicting. Once addicted the changes to the brain chemistry make it incredibly difficult to stop again everyone's  formula  will be slightly different..This change in thinking took away a lot of the  power  alcohol held over me for so many years. Alcohol has gone from being the  magic elixir  guaranteed to give exactly what I was looking for to a poison that I would no more ingest than gasoline!.Peace IWNDT
Every day.  Every single day.. if you ever need to talk send me a message 
This really resonates with me. It's kind of like  people accept the love they think they deserve  . We seek the inner truth to come out even if it.Is a self destructive disaster.  ..What we need is to heal that inner place to restore our own personal hopes and vulnerabilities. To grow that person into someone who wants LIFE and who isn't satisfied with being the cause of their own demise. ..Peace to you and don't be pretty for no one. Let that ugly come out in sober style so you can sit down with it and have a chat. Give it room to grow and mature give it grace and acceptance and be patient. The real beauty is in the ugly truth. 
I understand the sentiment you're trying to convey however as others have shared below this was not my experience with alcoholism. I spent years circling the toilet bowl of dual diagnoses wondering if the "shit" would ever rise to the surface so that I could exculpate myself from responsibility for my own well-being. Was there a trauma in my life? Was I depressed? Anxious? Guilty? Ashamed? Sure all of the above. But it ALL stemmed from my alcohol use and I had to "come to Jesus" and realize that I wasn't "broken" or in need of hours on the chaise lounge dissecting non-existent issues: I was an alcoholic with Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) same as countless others in my family resulting from a genetic predisposition that was activated and exacerbated by environmental circumstances (college stress lack of coping skills fears etc.). Once I was able to understand that the remedy became o' so simple: just don't drink. That was the "cure": no matter what just don't drink. Lo' and behold I started thinking rationally for once which resulted in better decision-making which is starting to yield better life circumstances. For the 2.5 years of sobriety I had before what I hope is my last relapse I lived by a false narrative that I was this broken unfixable and that I had to make the best of it. Today I live life with the knowledge that that "truth" was a lie. This is not the case for everyone. This is my own individual experience. Your (not necessarily talking to "you" OP but you know what I mean :) )  results may vary. I've just seen so many people get lost down in that toilet bowl with me circling and circling and never being able to catch a breath and wondering when the darkness is finally going to envelope them or if they're going to be scooped out. I will not drink with you today!
Wow- interesting 
Fascinating and true. ..As Kurt Cobain said or something like it  I miss the comfort in being sad .
I see this in my mom. She had a painful childhood her mom was killed when she was a kid. When I was a child she always was in some kind of chronic pain and I don't know if was a manifestation of her emotional state or what but the issues were many and varied. Ten years ago she picked up the bottle is definitely an alcoholic now and is always ill from hangovers and alcohol related digestive issues vertigo etc. But I've thought for a while it seems like a self sabotage thing like you described. And honestly it always keeps her in a self centered victim mentality. I so much sympathy for her but it's hard to be in a relationship with her. I really hope she can break out of the cycle. 
BS.....lol
IWNDWYT 
I did drink for the hangover. Not only that but also that. The immediate sensation of my body that could relax and my mind that would finally settle down was a reward. But the hangover waking up with a deficit was the truth of the situation. I hated my life and I hated my self for being in it having chosen it step by step. So the hangover was my punishment. A way to even the score. ..I am now in a much better place. I discuss my feelings with friends and family. I have divorced. I have taken control of my life. It is not perfect. I still drink just a bit too much. But it is actually under control now. And I do not drink for the hangover. I drink to relax. But I do not need the hangover to punish myself...I have a brain that is almost constantly at full speed in all 33 lanes. Alcohol is selfmedication for that condition. 
Thanks for the post. I do think I drank too much because of other underlying reasons and I was going to fix it or feel better with alcohol which was so stupid. But no matter why I found myself an alcoholic it's my problem and it's totally on me to get better. I continue to look for the reason I drank so much however while I look there still remains the instant  fix . Just don't drink. I control what goes in my mouth 24/7 so while I look for reasons why I nearly drank myself to death it's up to me to own it and not drink. Thanks again and I will not drink with you today. 
Really interesting perspective. Alcoholism IMO is an amalgamation of so many aspects it's hard to find a point of origin. I could drive myself crazy with deconstructing it all. ..The best thing I've found in early sobriety is to try and not delve too deep rather face forward and fix the little things day by day to make each 24 hours a step closer to being well again. ..Hope you're ok today! I won't drink with you. 
I resonate with this a bit toward the end of my drinking for sure. Initially as a very young teen and through my 20's alcohol was fun and always made me feel great. Very seldom did I experience hangovers even though I drank to excess...Fast forward to late 20's I drank to numb myself to cope with a relationship I was too afraid to leave. Once I got the courage to leave I was so broken and sad and completely lost as a person that feeling like shit was a comfortable (all encompassing uncomfortable) normal feeling that mirrored my internal mental and emotional state. ..My ex used this as a weapon I used alcohol to numb the blows all the while telling myself I was shit because I wanted better. I deserved to feel like garbage. I was drinking to die. My alcohol addiction had become the only comfort I had and feeling good was simply a trigger to get back to the parallel where my physical body was suffering the same as my mentality and emotional pain. Granted the amount of alcohol I drank was far past dangerous and I'm altered because of this...Having spent the last year and a half getting sober I'm happy now. I no longer welcome things in my life that have no meaning I'm too old for that shit. I loath the thought of drinking most times because I feel good about me and where I am. My parallel is good. ..When my mood takes a downswing the siren starts to sing a little too loud and I'm tempted to welcome the physical suffering I know all too well to bring about a parallel...We all have different stories and that's what makes this sub so great. I thought I was the only person who felt they deserved the 7 day shit storm after the last drink because I was a bad person. Yet another way we beat ourselves up...The "research" days within this last year and the week long recovery + 5 too many seizures. is not worth it. I am not sick and sad I'm healthy and happy. It's getting much easier to shut the siren down because my parallel is healthy...Solid post! If I was still a happy drunk I never would have thought to quit.
This definitely rings true with me I've known it for years. I drink when I'm angry because i can't express myself so I harm myself. The same when I'm sad. Although in saying this I broke out of that cycle long ago luckily   now it's just the temptation of trying to feel normal and getting conned by the mirage of glamorous drinking that gets me! 
Whoa this really hit home with me.  Thank you for sharing!
I get this. I drank for the buzz but I mainly drank because I was looking for something in the alcohol. It is hard for me to even pinpoint exactly what it was...maybe just the answer to whatever was ailing me. All I know is that I never ever find it in the alcohol. 
Thank you for support. I called this friend of mine. Just to offer her a job in China. And she offers a threesome and to send her a naked pic. Why? What is with that she thinks I am hot. But i will not drink today.
This post really strikes a nerve. The fact that the misery is the most prominent part of drinking and not the buzz is also eye opening. I have been slamming against being unable to quit while really wanting to over and over. Daily. The rage misery and disappointment of the hangover haze actually matches my life in so many ways. The cognitive dissonance might be true. But I also think they are mutual causes of each other. Maybe that is your point. My life is in disarray because I drink and I drink because my life is in disarray ad infinitum. But it's impossible to get the life out of disarray while being drunk/ hungover every day.    Anywho. I hope you find the strength to stop and stay stopped. IWNDWYT!
This really resonates with me. It's like this need for selfdestruction that takes over. Thank you for sharing and good luck!
It's a unique theory and it might be true for some people but definitely not me. Based on the comments in this post many people agree with me that they did NOT drink for the hangover. We drank despite the hangover not because of it. ..A few people are masochists meaning they actually enjoy experiencing pain. Most people do not. We drank to escape pain. In fact if hangovers did not exist many of us might still be drinking. ..I've also heard of some people who cut themselves when they are depressed. I have had depression but I never cut myself. I don't want physical pain in addition to emotional pain!..So for me personally this theory does not resonate at all. The hangovers are one of the top 3 reasons I am trying hard to quit for good. I would gladly never have to experience a hangover ever again...
Hope that you can find a glimmer of hope. Early in my sober adventure it was all I had. Peace
This perspective sounds like Transactional Analysis to me
This doesn't really resonate with me. I feel amazing and ambitious and happy while sober and that extends to the nights I've slipped up and partied and then I feel amazing all night until I inevitably take it too far EVERY time I do slip up and then wake up feeling like the biggest piece of shit ever. Luckily it's been many weeks since I've slipped up
Your writing really hits home. I wanted to say out loud "Exactly! Okay but now what? How do you even begin to fix something this big?" ..I'm sorry you're struggling but I just wanted you to know that your words helped someone else today. Thank you. 
Just popping in to say that reading through the post and these comments has really made me reflect on how different the experience of addiction is for everyone.
Yep me too. Avoidance is easy when drinking then the self punishment is the hangover 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3t6YDnGXAc
Cognitive dissonance is a big factor.  Happiness is when what you say think and do are aligned. ..Even if it's bad alignment is alignment. 
Wow!!
If anybody is curious [this is from a book about psychoanalysis and games](http://www.ericberne.com/games-people-play/alcoholic/). It is a chapter about alcoholism which is a very interesting perspective. 
Yes this makes sense to me...Now that I don't drink or smoke on days I feel like crap I look for ways to hurt myself. Like the double cheeseburger meal I had last night after attending my cousin's funeral after eating clean for weeks. .. It's interesting to see how different perspectives help different people. I see one comment "this doesn't resonate" with the same upvotes as "wow this resonated with me". 
i'm in your camp. other folks in the gaming/gambling/casino industry suggest we're not addicted to gambling/the thrill of winning money but we're addicted to bleeding it and losing it. it's fascinating to think about and pretty elegant/beautiful language to read at times.
Thank you for this -- it really resonates with me. I have marveled for a while why I feel so much like me when hungover and like a fraud when I'm not. "This is me world. I feel like crap! I am crap!" ..But maybe now I'll try to think that my insides have to word harder/smarter to keep up with the outside...This was also my problem with post-partum despression. I kept giving SOS signals but all everyone could focus on was how "wonderful" I looked. I don't think I've ever felt so lonely as then and I don't think I ever fully recovered.
I relate. While I know that on one hand I drank for that numbing effect I found myself recently romanticizing the hangovers. Deep down I fear I'm not good enough and useless. Those hangovers were like "hey you can't get out of bed you can't string together a cohesive thought look at you you are useless". Yes the hangovers complemented my worst fears. Also realized the romanticizing I was doing was really just letting those fears take over again "face it you're never going to get better just give up and admit you're shit". 
You got me with this one. I'm not sure how much of that is true with me but that definitely hit me right in the feels. For what it's worth i hope that things get better for you. 
Eloquent and entirely cutting. Drinking is never the problem but always the answer. Thank you for this brutal ray of light that has burnt this drunken boy to a crisp. 
Beautifully written and so eloquently expressed...Oh and the original point is very interesting could be onto something. I'm still new at this game but it seems the longer you are without the poison the stronger you become 
Beautifully said. I went out last night didn't drink and had a nice meal and time...I woke up today early and I still lied in bed just like the old days. I still had my malaise and depression but this time I was letting it heal planning my day thinking of good things and using the time to let my C-PTSD sort itself out...Back in the day I would have drank all night acted obnoxious use the hangover time to "recover" and then do it all over again. Caught in a cycle. No more!!
His theory is bogus. Trying to find a solution here is like trying to find a needle in a haystack. There's never going to be one theory that fits it all 
Whoa. Never heard this before but it tracks. I'm one of those "happy when it rains" people. Or I used to secretly enjoy getting sick because I finally had a legit excuse to not go to school/work not go out etc. Bad outer circumstances cloaked my depression and anxiety in a sort of socially acceptable shield. When I binged I created those bad circumstances. Ditto when I binge drank...Thanks OP I'll be chewing on this.
I think that psychiatrist was full of it. That guy knows nothing about alcoholism. 
