-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xthau/100_days_thats_the_longest_this_binge_drinker_has/

101 days ago I was suffering a severe hangover. At 43 years old it takes me days now to recover. I had decided that I'd finally had enough. ..I just moved cities again and the job that I moved for lied about the parameters of the job. Another failed career. I fell back on a trade skill job that I've been trying to leave for a decade. The casino business wears on your soul. The pain of depression and anxiety was too much to bear sober. ..After a summer long binge I decided enough was enough. I decided to check out my local AA club. I got a sponsor and worked the steps and my desire to drink is completely gone. I'd tried all the usual things to quit or cut down before like drinking just beer only on weekends no shots etc. After my DUI in 2012 I though I would do counseling because I couldn't identify with the meth users in the court ordered AA sessions that I attended then. My life was going nowhere. ..I realized that I was spiritually bankrupt. Since then I've been working on daily prayer and trying to commit to regular gym visits. I sleep and eat better now. I'm still searching for that pink cloud people keep talking about. My $25000 in credit card debt and 90 lbs. of extra weight dominate my thoughts. I really need a better job. ..I am confident that God will provide. I need to learn patience and perseverance. There is a light at the end of the tunnel however small now. I'm going to keep trudging along until it brightens. I know if I drink or drug again it will all go dark. ..It was a struggle to write this for some reason but I have many successes to share and a number of people to thank like my landlords who are letting me slide on rent and my new friends and awesome sponsor in AA. I figure posting here is like sharing at a meeting. Even though my thoughts are disjointed and unfocused someone listening will hear and understand. ..And God's healing will pass on to others who need it.
----------immediate responses--------

Keep going you have 100 days of success!
Things will get better. Even if things suck now they will suck more drunk. Keep going!! I enjoyed reading. 
  IWNDWYT 
You're definitely on the right path!  Congrats on 100 days. That is fantastic!  I will not drink with you today. 
Brilliant Iwndwyt 
Great job. Your story makes me hope for myself. Thanks for posting and good luck. IWNDWYT. Stay strong.
Congrats sober twin! Our stories are soooo similar. We were even terribly hungover and desperate on the same day :) I'm in AA and praying working the steps and reaching out to others. It works!..I'm also in a work and financial crisis. Its really tough but we're going to keep going trusting God and it will improve. I'm headed to a career seminar today...Raising my coffee to you! Cheers!
You are an inspiration to me. You are a success. Keep working out and eat healthy sleep well and in 2019 I bet you'll get a good job promotion!  By the way I know what you mean about getting older and taking longer to recover. In my mid 20's a night out drinking had me hungover for half of the next day. Now if I binge drink I'm a mess for 3 days sometimes 4. It's just not fun anymore. 
Congrats on a century of days! Keep focused on that light. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Congratulations and thank you for sharing!  I will not drink with you today.
Congrats! ..IWNDWYT!
Congratulations! Triple digits for you!
