-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xwbkd/this_needs_to_stop/

I'm genuinely worried I'm doing some permanent damage to my liver and heart. I've woken with yet another headache and hangover. I'm a 42 year old married female and I just can't seem to make it more than a couple of days. I'm hiding booze drinking at lunch at work driving after going to the bar hanging out with people I probably shouldn't and generally thinking about it all the time. I can easily do a bottle of wine and a couple of beers without thinking about it. I've put on 40 pounds in the last few years and I'm still covered in teenage acne. I have a very well paying job but I'm not as good at it as I should be because I'm distracted by either a hangover or wanting to leave early to go and drink. I know I've already got a reputation with colleagues for drinking too much and I play up to it to hide that I'm really struggling. I'm scared I'm going to get cancers from it and I've already got dozens of gallstones. I don't know where to start but I'm realizing I really can't stop on my own. I never thought I'd write anything like this. Where do I start?!  I want to be proud of myself again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here. What can we do to help you? You seem to be super motivated. 
[removed]
Oh my goodness you could be me. Welcome! I'm a little more than 2 months sober now and it's getting easier but is still and always one day (hour minute) at a time. Coming here helps me a LOT. Books and podcasts about recovery and addiction help too (This Naked Mind is great.) Exercise and meditation. Treat yourself in other ways so you don't feel deprived. Whatever you need right now to not pick up. Simple right?!?! IWNDWYT. Much love.   
I was exactly where you were a little over a year ago. I started by having an honest conversation with my doctor and we came up with a detailed plan. 
I would suggest starting with day 1. I like the daily check-in something about putting it out there to the world that you are committing to that day staying sober it really helps me. So start with one day. One day won't necessarily be easy so feel free to break that day down in to hourly chunks or whatever you know you can accomplish until you get through day 1. (Please read about withdrawal symptoms and seek medical guidance if you think you are or will be experiencing them. They can be deadly. )..I liked in the early days and still like to go to bed super early so I am not sitting around being tempted and stewing over it. I also dumped all the beer out in my house and kept my home alcohol free for a long-while...Lots of book suggestions on here this Naked Mind amd alcohol explained seem to be most popular. Of course reaching out like you just did. We are here to help and cheer you on. 
Just coming here is a start I will not drink with you today  
Welcome! I thought a before and after pic might motivate you. It helped me to see others when I first came to this sub. The weight fell off me - 18 lbs in 3 months. I was a daily drinker for 16 years. [before and after ](https://imgur.com/gallery/nwq0xbF) 
