-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xwku1/advice_on_how_to_help_alcoholic_mother/

Hi everyone .I hope this is the right sub to post this it seems to be the most positive and active one I could find that deals with the topic of alcoholism. ..I'll try and keep it relatively short because I am prone to rambling.  My mother is in her mid-50s and has always dabbled with drinking too much but over the past few years its become a serious problem with drinking throughout the day in secret hiding bottles sleeping a lot etc. She suffers from clinical depression and usually when she drinks she is either extremely depressive and goes to bed/sleep or tries to act as if nothing is wrong and she is functioning normally although it's almost always very obvious...I am 26 moved out doing really well career-wise and am in a loving supportive relationship. Relatively speaking compared to a lot of people's stories we had a blessed childhood. ..My sister (20) dad and mum (married) all still live together. A few years ago things first came to a head when my mum was drunk and called my dad to come home from work because she was drunk and feeling awful.  They got in a fight which is extremely unusual and it ended up physical. My dad hit her in the face and knocked out some of her teeth. I got a call the next day from the hospital. That was a really difficult time. That was when it first became apparent that it was a real problem. There were a lot of emotions. My dad moved out for a few days and was honestly just he looked like he wanted to die. He was utterly consumed by remorse. ..Maybe a week later there was a second episode of violence my mum got drunk for the first time since she came out of hospital she called my dad at work he came home and she ended up beating the shit out of him. Once again I got the call from the hospital the next day. My dad suffers from epilepsy and my mum had hit him so hard and so many times he went into a fit and she had to call an ambulance. He didn't fight back because he felt like he deserved it. ..Over those few weeks I put my life on hold and did whatever I could to support them. It was really numbing and I don't remember a lot of it looking back but I remember they would always speak to me instead of to each other so one evening I just sat them down like a councillor and made them tell each other how they felt. It helped. Eventually things returned to a kind of normality. There was a lot of consideration of splitting up of divorce but in the end they stayed living together but sleeping in separate bedrooms. ..Mum was definitely still drinking but not every day and not excessively they were happy together they went on holiday together went back to sleeping in the same bed. Their love for each other was truly evident. In 20 years of marriage they had never really physically fought. ..Where I've lived away and been focused on myself I've been lucky enough to have a bit of separation from the whole thing but I feel most sorry for my sister who has been unable to escape it. Both my sister and my dad have lived with uncertainly every day about whether or not my mum will have been drinking. But they never knew what to do about it and neither did I. So we all collectively just put our heads down and tried to live life as normal. ..Anyway. Recent events. My mum managed to off her own back with no convincing go cold turkey from booze for ten weeks. I don't really know what prompted it but it was great she was back to her old self and a complete pleasure to be around. When she's drunk she's basically just... stupid? She repeats herself over and over again and gets wound up and irritable extremely quickly and is just not.. good. But these ten weeks sober it was just like she had her spark back she is an extremely intelligent witty woman and it was just like she was well happy. And it was great. Really great. She was back. ..Then in the middle of October I get another call from the hospital. My mum has tried to commit suicide. She swallowed two whole bottles of my dad's epilepsy medication. She took them whilst I was in the house. I'd gone round to visit on the weekend and my dad had told me she was drunk upstairs which was already heartbreaking because she'd been sober for the ten weeks. I didn't find out until the next day. ..I saw her a few days later when she came home from the hospital. It was a surreal experience she was still bed-ridden. She had serious shakes and we still don't really know if it was withdrawal (was she lying about 10 weeks?) or a result of the hospital stay and attempted overdose. It was horrible to see her like that. But she was compus mentis and we spoke a lot. I think that first day it was all apologies and sadness but I went to visit the next day too. I was honest. I don't think I was overly harsh but I was really honest. ..I told her that she was ruining us and that it had to stop. That now we couldn't trust she wouldn't try it again especially if she was still drinking. That I had cried myself to sleep worrying about her over the years. That my sister's life is ruined that she failed her exams because of my mum that she deliberately worked nights to avoid my mum. That my dad was becoming a nervous wreck. I laid it all out calmly and with a weird detachment from the emotion of it all. But I said it all with love and she said she wanted to hear it that she needed to come to terms with what she was doing to us. It went on for god knows how long but once I started it was really difficult to stop. ..She took it well. There was a discussion about next steps. I didn't expect her to go cold turkey straight away. I had no idea the best approach. I asked her what she thought would be best and she suggested cold turkey. We tried to get (free) counselling and that is a waste of time in the UK at the moment. She was fortunate to see a GP who was kind and listened and was really great. He switched up her anti-depression meds and she said that they were really helpful. ..My girlfriend has a family member who has been over 7 years sober and completely swears by AA but they live in america so couldn't provide much support but were happy to give us contact details for local people she knew. My mum said she was keen to try everything and anything so we gave her the number for the AA contact. For one reason or another she's not yet started going to meetings. ..Ten days after the attempt I made her favourite cake and we took it round with a card and a balloon to celebrate that she'd been ten days sober (after doing 10 weeks before). My mum had spoken after the attempt about how wonderful those ten weeks were and how she wanted to get back to being like that so we thought celebrating milestones (10 days 10 weeks etc) would be a really positive way of helping her and letting her know that I was there for her hadn't given up on her and forgave her. ..I've seen from browsing on here today that a lot of people seem to use calendars. I hadn't known that they were common but my girlfriend had a really wonderful idea to make a 'ten week calendar' for my mum. So we thought 'you did ten weeks before we're going to help you do it again' and my girlfriend and her sister made the most amazing calendar you've ever seen. It was on a massive A2 piece of board and each date had a little sticker over it which my mum would peel off each day. We plotted out a load of dates where I'd do stuff like take her flowers or take her out for lunch/dinner i'd take her out for nature walks events that kind of thing. It was beautifully decorated with bespoke little designs for each new day cute quotes all that kind of thing. I'll never forget my girlfriend doing that for me. It really was wonderful. We took it round to give to my mum and it was a very emotional experience. Everyone loved it and she hung it up with pride. Since then she's spoken about how great it is and that she looks forward to peeling back the card each day. ..That brings us to now. One of the calendar events this Thursday (15th) was a nature walk. My girlfriend came with me and we went to pick her up from her house before going on the walk. I didn't know it straight away but I was pretty sure my mum was drunk. Her speech was slurred and she wasn't quite steady on her feet. I kind of went cold and had no idea what to do. I had this rush of adrenaline and almost panic but just took a deep breath and we went on with the day as normal. I didn't know what else to do. ..It was awful. As soon as she got in the car I knew I could smell it. And she was doing her repeating stories. She seemed determined to act as though everything was fine. I thought about turning the car around and taking her home and confronting her but I could see that going terribly wrong. I didn't know what to do so I went to the nature reserve. We spent a good few hours out walking and bird watching but it was excruciating. I couldn't relax and had to just act normal. She got steadily sober as the day went on but I knew and my girlfriend knew and my mum probably knows that we know. ..The whole thing has been really strange for me personally. I am usually an extremely emotional man. I cry at films. I'm open about my emotions. I can't go to bed angry about something without talking about it. But I barely cried about my mum's suicide attempt and tried to think purely rationally. I've been suffering ever since though I've began to felt anxiety take a hold for the first time in my life. I can become anxious about driving or going to the office or shopping really normal shit. I've been getting awful headaches and stomach cramps. I can't sleep properly and my appetite has gone. I've been irritable. Today I broke. I don't know what to do. I've cried for hours. I'm writing this because I really don't know what else to do. I don't think my family knows my mum is drinking again. She could try and attempt suicide again. I have to tell my dad. I have to tell my mum and try and have some kind of conversation with her. She now has a calendar on the wall charting sobriety which is dishonest. Is it putting pressure on her? Was it an awful idea? ..I just want to help and I don't know what to do. Pretty much everything I've done about this has been based on gut feeling. I don't have much experience with addiction. I don't know if I've helped or made it worse so please any advice or thoughts from an outside perspective will be really helpful at this time. Thankyou. ..Tl;Dr: My mum has struggled with booze for the last two or three years. Nearly ended her marriage. Recently tried to commit suicide. I am trying to help but I don't know what to do or if I'm making it worse. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear what you're going through with your Mum!..r/alanon (and Alanon meetings in real life for you and any other family members being affected) r/adultchildren and the [Laundry List](https://adultchildren.org/literature/laundry-list/) from ACoA along with the [open letter from an addict](http://www.interventions.net/anopenletterfromanaddict.pdf) might be useful resources as you navigate this.....The above-mentioned groups can connect you with other people who have a loved one suffering from addiction and they can give you some support and perspective for *yourself* first and foremost.....Best of luck to you all!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I am so sorry for the hell you are going through. This sub is a great place but more for people who are fighting alcohol themselves. It is a totally different perspective and set of challenges being the loved one of someone with alcohol addiction. I hope you look into the resources Woody suggested to you above i.e. Al-Anon etc... They will better be able to help you care for yourself set boundaries with your mom commiserate etc. ..If you and your mom talk more and she mentions wanting to quit or needing support feel free to point out this sub to her. There are lot of resources listed on here for books to read other support avenues and general info on alcohol. The daily check-in really helps me and a lot of people commit to being sober each day  as does the badge days-sober counter and reading other people's stories of success failures and everything I'm between. We are a great support place for fellow alcoholics/problem drinkers to cheer each other on to quit...All the best to you.
My heart goes out to you and your family. Wishing u all health recovery and happiness. 
It is awful to watch someone destry themself. .There is a lot of info here about resources to stop drinking. Your mom has to want to do it. A recovery program or an inpatient program is a good option. ..Look into Alanon. And maybe look into resources in your area. 
I'm going to echo the other recommendations for Al-Anon and other support/recovery systems for ***family members*** of alcoholics...The people in such groups have been where you are now talking with them can really clarify what you can do that's helpful...Also the limits of what such help can accomplish.....&amp;#x200b;..The serenity prayer articulates this better than I've ever heard it elsewhere -..&amp;#x200b;..&gt; Grant me the serenity to accept what I can*not* change..&gt; the courage to change what I *can*..&gt; and the wisdom to know the difference...&amp;#x200b;..Good luck  &lt;3
You cannot help your mother. .Your mother needs to help herself. .What you can do is avoid any placating pandering or enabling of her habits. What you can do is be honest with her and set FIRM boundaries like "if you don't stop drinking I'm not going to be a part of your life.".If she wants to die alone what you can do is be honest about the fact that she will die alone. ..It sounds harsh but take it from me nearly every member of my family has a major alcohol problem and I've spent my entire life dealing with it immersed in recovery logic. ..Take care of you. Tell her you love her. Tell her what you want for her. Tell her how you are willing to support and help her. Tell her what you will NOT tolerate. ..Mean it. Stick with it. Good luck. ..I'm so sorry for your position. 
