-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9y54fq/im_sort_of_amazed_at_the_moment_i_almost_three/

So this is my first post here and one I never thought I'd be making.   I'm less than a week from being three years sober  and holy shit it just hit me.  I haven't had a drink in almost three years despite some absolutely awful circumstances and easy acccess to alcohol.   I started drinking at a *very* early age and continued up until my mid twenties when I quit for a year or so  and then relapsed hard when a lot of trauma I'd be repressing hit me hard.   A couple of months after that I woke up in a pool of my own vomit and urine  and it happened to be a very personal anniversary  and I realized how I was dishonoring a dead friend's memory.   Shit happened  and I wound up in a mental hospital for reasons unrelated to drinking not long after.  It definitely helped a great deal though. ..Three years later  and here I am.  Despite challenging circumstances  I'm still sober and wondering how I pulled it off.  ..I'll be three years sober on 11/24/18.  and seven years clean from narcotics next March.     ..Sorry.  I just wanted someone to share this with  and I'm giddy right now since I've realized it. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Don't say sorry! Welcome and congratulations :)
Amazing. Well done you! &lt;3 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Wow that's pretty damn impressive especially for being so young.  I hope you will be yourself something nice to celebrate! Happy Soberversary! 
Please don't be sorry. ..You have done well...Yes sometimes it takes a blow to get us to stop  ..I found I could not wind back the clock.so i had to accept...John
I would be shouting from the rooftops if I were you! Congratulations you are an inspiration. 
Welcome and well done!
Congrats and continued success to you
I'm so very happy for you today!  Congratulations on 3 years         I wish you so many more!! 
Congratulations! Three years is a long time and life looks so much different than when we were drinking...I am also so grateful for that. IWNDWYT
congratz buddy three years is quite the accomplishment...Stay giddy ;)
Amazing   
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing your story. I'm about a month and a half out from my own 3 years and I can feel the giddiness coming on.
Miracles are alive and well all day everyday!! Congratulations   ..IWNDWYT    
Congrats!!!!!       
Congrats!!!!!       
That is truly inspirational! Congratulations    
