-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9y5ya0/i_cant_figure_it_out/

Every week this is going to be the week I start my new sober life. And every weekend I get drunk. Like seriously I've done this for at least the last year solid. Me from a year ago would be horrified to know that I'm still doing this shit. ..I can make it M-F no problem. But then it's like with a free two days I feel overwhelmed and so cave and grab some beer and whiskey and tell myself I'll start the next week. ..I know the logical thing is to find something to fill my time on the weekends but I struggle with anxiety and after making it through the work week the thought of committing to anything else is daunting. And I guess there in lies my problem. I feel stuck. I am stuck. I'm tired of this hamster wheel. It makes me feel crazy. Am I crazy?
----------immediate responses--------

Of coarse not. You are in the company here of thousands who feel the exact same way. I'm tempted right now to go buy a 6pack I mean Really.Tempted. How about we fight it together?
&gt;I feel stuck.  I am stuck...I understand!..I had to change my patterns.  I volunteered in the community and I went to recovery meetings.  Both are free have sober people and everyone is willing to help others...Tried that?
Nope not crazy. First give yourself a huge pat on the back for choosing not to drink M-F! That's the majority of your days and you're making it through those days...Second for me while knowing the importance of changing routines I had to start rewiring my brain first. Well that's what worked this last and hopefully final time of quitting! *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace was key for me...Third again for me was routine. My danger time was making dinner; that's when the drinking started. I switched to eating dessert while making dinner. Some people make fancy sodas. I think it worked for me because it was indulgent AND I took pride in it NOT being alcohol.  (Keto came later to deal with the weight effects of using sugar to get over alcohol.)..I empathize with your weekend situation. I'm an introvert IRL and wouldn't want to make plans out of the house (yet being cooped up with the kids was triggering). But going for a walk with some music or reading a book in the bathtub or doing push-ups and sit-ups eventually became more appealing choices than pouring a drink...It's a huge struggle to transition into a sober life but you can do it. And SD and I are on your side.  I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
I drank a bottle of wine every night for the last 13 years maybe more. I quit drinking because I wanted to 1) lose weight 2) walk a 10 k with my daughter in Jan. ..So I quit for these two reasons but now that I have gotten this far it is forever.  This Naked Mind  by Annie Grace changed my ideas about what alcohol is. It is poison why would I continue to take poison everyday? So maybe get a short term goal to get yourself over the weekend cycle and then work on the forever part when you have the alcohol out of your system. The alcohol craves itself...IWNDWYT !!  
I would try something like  Once a month for 3 months in a row get 10 days in a row that includes a weekend.  So W Th F Sat Sun M T W Th F and not double up to make up for lost time. ..Or be sober until you lose 10 pounds. ..The first 10 days were the hardest for me. Actually just the very first day two was the worst. I just gave up to easy. I did not have my mind made up. The book is what changed my thinking. You can read it and keep drinking until the end...
