-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9y878r/any_other_middle_aged_women_here_with_success/

I feel different age groups have different stressors and challenges ( my perception anyways). I'm 49 newly single after 30 years and really struggling!!!! In the awful cycle of   one more time   or   I'll only have 2  or not knowing what to do when I don't want to be home alone. This cycle has to stop- the guilt the hangovers the days of accomplishing nothing. I'd love to hear from other women
----------immediate responses--------

Almost 40. If you don't drink the first drink you cant get drunk. My advice find a support group. Womens only AA  regular AA  SMART . Anything will help stay away from the men for the first year and find a buddy with a few GOOD years of sobriety! You can do this and your worth it!
Hi. I'm a 32 y/o woman. Working mom wife chicken and dog lover! .I quit drinking because even a small reasonable amount (one or two glass of wine) was making me physically ill. ANY excessive drinking would leave me hungover and sick for days. Ive never been in any trouble because of drinking but it's no longer a good fit for my lifestyle or personality. .I only very lightly drank for the past 8 months but made the decision this fall to quit entirely. I love feeling good. I love being present with my friends and family (even if they are 3 sheets!) I love saving money and calories by not drinking. .I view alcohol as neurotoxin so there's not much to miss!.Happy to support you in anyway I can! It's not easy in our society but it's so worth it! .
Hi I'm 53 and also divorced though for about 10 years now. I'm just getting started here. I did Dry January this year and subsequently cut back from my previous near daily drinking. Now I find that cutting back doesn't feel like enough for me so I'm taking a longer break at least to year's end or maybe even the end of 2019. I want to know how my health is and what I can accomplish if I stop compulsively dulling myself. It hasn't been too hard so far as long as I don't have alcohol at home...BTW I started drinking more heavily before my separation and continued through our contentious divorce. We are still in court to this day but he can't really touch me emotionally anymore thankfully. So I'm taking the opportunity to take care of myself! I'm grateful to be healthy and free!!
Hi! I'm 48. I was 46 when I quit. It was hard at first because drinking was how I dealt with the boredom and stress of a job that requires travel and down time alone in strange cities. I filled the pub-shaped hole in my life with exercise. I lost a lot of weight. Two years on I've saved thousands of pounds/dollars and I look like someone who works out every day. I no longer wake up stiff and achy. I still get night sweats because I am approaching menopause but not nearly as bad as I did. My complexion is clear and radiant and I no longer have to try and use colour correcting foundation because I no longer have a red face. I have far fewer negative thoughts than I did. 
I am 41 years old.  The last several years drinking started to really run me down.  It wasn't fun anymore.  It actually felt like it was poisoning me.  I decided to give it up about 4 months ago completely.  Why do something that made me feel terrible?  Not only physical but mentally it felt like it was killing my soul.  It took me many years trying to moderate to get here.  I feel at peace with my decision to give it up for good.  I look and feel so much better.  My moods are stable.  My advise is to give sobriety a try and see the difference.  The first few weeks are difficult but once you change habits it gets easier.  Best wishes!
I'm 46 and newly single as well - it is really tough when you add loneliness to the mix and think you aren't hurting anyone else.  But I know I am and myself as well but our alcoholic brains can convince us otherwise.  I find evenings hard so have been trying to plan to do something most nights even if it's just going to the gym.   Yoga and meditation are helpful and a good way to meet other women.  iwndwyt 
I'm 44 now   first started trying to stop after I hit 40 with a splat and my wheels started coming off...I love my husband to bits but it was very hard staying stopped to start with while sharing a home with someone who still wanted a glass or two of a weekend!  So maybe being newly single could be a blessing while you re-invent yourself as an ex-drinker?..After years of being a vehement couch potato I joined a budget gym started taking pilates classes made some nice gym buddies was encouraged to take different classes got on a bike for the first time in 20 years...  Now I'm fitter than I've ever been now rapidly approaching a healthy BMI and feel about ten years younger than I did four years ago...Once I wasn't a drinker any more I got to choose what else I was going to be instead. I've surprised a few people so far   not least myself!  It's a great feeling.  I have every faith that you can have it too!  Good luck and best wishes  :)..&amp;#x200B;
I'm 38 and was a binge drinker. I could stop for any length of time but as soon as I had that one drink I knew how the night was going to end.  I had to get real with myself and say it out loud I cannot drink just one I didn't even want just one drink. I was hurting myself I was anxious all the time I felt sweaty and gross I was packing on extra weight and always out of breath. Most people in my family died in their 50's and 60's from alcohol related conditions. I do not want to be that person. I love my life and my kids and my husband but realistically I am slowly throwing it all away if I continue drinking. Not drinking is boring..... or is it? I try to shift my perspective on this. Is it really boring to not be making a fool out of myself?  If I was sober looking at myself drunk what would I think of that person. I still romanticize drinking to an extent but when you really look at drinking it only seems fun and exciting to those who are doing it. Yoga has been very helpful with the mental emotional and physical aspects of recovering. I also am in a PhD program which takes up a lot of my extra time.... I don't even know how I had time to drink before.
I'm 43 smack in the middle of middle-aged!   I'm sitting here enjoying a delicious booze-free lunch on the town after treating myself to a fancy haircut. It's such a free feeling not beholden to the pull of booze and subsequent bad decisions. Life is good on this side! This sub has made all the difference for me. You are not alone! Keep hanging out here with us. IWNDWYT!
I'm 46. Drank heavily since I was 15. Managed to never get fired but I guarantee you the majority of my days out sick were alcohol related throughout my career.  All through my mid 30's I started paying closer attention to my health my drinking I didn't stop but I slowed down here and there -- meaning before I quit I wouldn't really drink during the week (or so I'd tell myself that is what I did) then I'd be drunk as a skunk from Friday afternoon until Monday morning. Disgusting...That cycle for me got so unbearable and the older I got the more I was realizing what it was doing to me. What I was doing to myself.  Anyway...that was 420 days ago and lo and behold I'm so much healthier and able to live the life I want to live now instead of being shackled by a hangover...I'm sorry you are struggling but I think it is worth it. Like others have already said you my dear are very worth it :) ..I won't drink with you today xo
43 checking in! I quit drinking after I left my husband and I'm glad I can focus entirely on my own healing and not have to balance a relationship. ..Remaining solo also leaves room for a new creative skill or practice which I (knowing me) wouldn't devote myself to if I was getting into a new relationship. That creative practice has been a huge part of my healing. So from my perspective I think the setting for your recovery couldn't be better. You get to focus on you honor your own healing timeline and find your passions unfettered. :-)
58. Or will be soon. I find that planning out my week in advance was helpful. I needed more structure and less isolation.  Do something planned even when not in the mood. So exercise class Volunteer. And support through SMART. 
46 here and happy to be through with my drinking career!
i quit at age 49. had epic 50th birthday party no booze for me. you can do it! just make it through today. iwndwyt 
52 female here. My badge is mostly accurate. I broke down and had a drink on Friday. Not happy about that. Alcohol affects us differently as we get older and not for the better. My hangover lasted 3 days. However I had 35 days and felt on top of the world. 
