-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ycuiu/i_drank_18_beers_and_a_full_bottle_of_vodka_a/

Just turned 33 four days ago. Trying to get myself straight. Working it out.. I've tried to quit before. Always ends the same way. I have Polysystic Kidney Disease. I'm an addict and I'm self destructive. Here are some of my thought processes:..* "I'll just have a couple beers on Friday and Saturday".* "I'll just have a couple beers on Wednesday it's halfway through the week. It's okay".* "Hmm these 3 tall cans (25oz each) aren't really doing the trick I don't feel it.. let me just get a 6 pack".* "Why am I buying 6 packs? It's just cheaper to buy a 12 pack. I can just drink just a small amount tonight and hold off!".* "Okay I'll buy just one of the tiny bottles of vodka for a kickoff for the night it is Friday after all"..This is when it starts to get into trouble. I'm already in trouble but.. not yet...* "I'm just gonna pick up a medium sized vodka and only have a shot or two in the beginning. Then put it away".* "I should just buy an 18 pack its only a couple bucks more"..And then the cycle continues. Picking up those plastic vodka bottles and a 12 or 18 pack of beer justifying the price per volume. Oh and of course I need that "Kicker" to start my night off. I mean it's going to take at least 6 beers to get a buzz going. Let's send that bitch off with a shot or two. ..Then I proceed to sip on the liquor as I kill a 12 pack. Easily. One night two nights three nights in a row. The liquor may last a couple nights or one. I average 8-12 beers every other night or every night. With the liquor thrown in...1. Wake up feel like shit. .2. Look like shit. .3. Pop Two Aleve Liquid Gels (sometimes I don't even need them after.. my tolerance is so fucking high)..4. Drink Pedialyte.5. Water.6. Can't eat.. nauseous.7. Struggle through the day breathing is a labor. I never drink before 5pm though..8. Anxiety through the fucking roof. Everything is off kilter. Need alcohol to fix it...I black out pass out. I don't drive I pre-plan everything. But I still wake up in the bed with my headphones on or at the computer stuck on a browser. Completely fucked. I will make things right there is no excuse there is no justification. I know I need to slowly taper off which I am. But when I turned 33 I made up my mind. Just figured I'd share. Best of luck to all of you good people! ..Much love...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

How long have you maintained this routine? Just curious... 
I understand. It took me another 20 years to finally get sick of it enough to stop.   .Best of luck to you.
What with your kidney disease have you thought about reaching out for help from your doctor to get off the booze?  Self tapering never worked for me if it was around I would drink it and if I could manage to get to the store I'd buy more. .
Wowsa that is spot on for my thinking and behavior as well.  I felt like I could have written that post.  I think it may have been around my mid thirties when I got real bloated and looked terrible behind drinking.  I am proud of you for looking at this in a rational manner and wish that I had done the same at your age.  Sadly I went on living the same way for several decades.  Best wishes my friend.  
Have you tried using AA/NA meetings?..I find that it's much easier to do this as part of a team.
You will die soon if you keep drinking that much. Not kidding. At all. So that's your choice now. You either keep drinking or die soon and it's NOT a comfortable death. It's probably one of the worst deaths you can imagine. It's slow and painful and your body slowly shuts down while you are in an uncomfortable hospital bed - unable to sleep or eat good food. You body will bloat you won't recognize yourself. 
That's kind of triggering
[removed]
There is a solution. If you are willing to go to any lengths......IWNDWYT 
" I don't drive drunk I pre-plan everything. " I did this a lot. Plan everything around the drinking. Leave the car at home and use a taxi/uber instead. Carry cash so I only spend an "acceptable" amount or reschedule all meetings to enjoy an uninterrupted hangover day etc This worked sometimes but for most times it did not. The anxiety and the shakes took longer to clear and recovery demanded more than a day. Not worth my time or trouble. IWNDWYT
Welcome Shadow. I think a lot of folks have a similar set of crazy thought processes and results. I know I did. I wish I would have made the choice to quit when I was so young. An additional 3 decades of madness did not serve me well. Try to remember that you are not alone. Reach out when you need to. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Wow this one really hits close to home. First off you're the same age as me (a week apart is all). Second your thought process in choosing drinks and pre-planning your drinking sounds exactly like me. I would literally compare prices and sizes to make sure I would get the biggest drunk for my buck. I remember buying those miniature whiskey bottles for like a dollar each thinking they were a good value (they weren't) and a good way to get a quick buzz without seeming like an alcoholic (exact opposite impression). I'd get home put in my headphones on my laptop and polish off a 12-18 pack every Friday Saturday and Sunday night (and sometimes a Monday or Tuesday). Black out at some point and wake up not remembering much the next day only to do it all over again...I don't miss those days at all. Getting sober was the best decision I've ever made. I will not drink with you today.
They say if you stick around sober people long enough you'll hear your story well SharpShadow27 its as if i wrote this myself. Life is much easier now it can be done.
You may die soon from this disease...but what if you don't? What if you suffer and sufferthings get worse and worse. That was the thought that got me motivated. I wasn't afraid of the death part I hated my life however the thought that I would keep on living this pain was far more threatening than death. I have 6 years of sobriety. An amazing life is the gift of sobriety if you choose it.
