-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yhqvt/dude_youre_fucked_am_i_aa/

I've been flying sober for more than a month and I'm feeling really good! Before I ask my question I just wanted to say thanks to everyone in this sub for their honestly and support. I lurk a lot and I am trying to make an effort to be more active as I go deeper into figuring out my sober life. ..&amp;#x200B;..So here's my question. I've been keeping a super open mind about all the support I can seek. I have my first therapist appointment tomorrow (with a doc that specializes in substance abuse) I've been listening to This Naked Mind have a copy of Adult Children of Alcoholics and have been talking to friends who have struggled as well. I've also been to two AA meetings -- again keeping an open mind -- that have been far more discouraging than they have been helpful. Here's my experience: ..&amp;#x200B;..I was welcomed with open arms and felt great after getting up to share the first time. This group seems tightknit -- they all go to dinner after they all socialize outside the meetings -- and all seemed genuinely wanting to help. But the more time I spent (I know it was only two meetings) the more discouraged I felt. Some observations that made me feel IDK bummed: ..&amp;#x200B;..1. I was told by multiple members verbatim: "Dude you're fucked." They talked about their own battles how awful it is and how only this program is going to get me through it. I'm in for a lifetime of struggling. I know AA can be helpful I am in no way disputing that. But at least so far I've been feeling really good about my progress and my lack of cravings and getting through a party several trips to the bar a vacation and several weekends without too many issues. Hearing "you're so fucked" just felt like not what I needed to hear even if those saying it were trying to be direct and honest. .2. The pressure to get a sponsor became kind of overwhelming. It took a lot to attend in the first place. When I went to my second meeting one of the "your fucked" people asked if I had a sponsor yet. When I said I hadn't gotten one it seemed the conversation pretty much ended there. The person wasn't interested in talking further. I'm not against the idea I just want to take things at my own pace. I feel good right now but I also being hyper-vigilant for any changes to how determined I am. If something comes up where I feel I need a sponsor I will totally get one. For now I have a few close friends who are filling that role unofficially and I feel OK about that. .3. Maybe this is common but it made me uncomfortable more than anything else. On my first night I went out for coffee with the group. The leader was really welcoming and outgoing and asked if I had 10 minutes during coffee for him to show me something. He proceeded to draw this very elaborate diagram on the back of a napkin as he put it explaining in his own way how AA works for him. I liked it. He talked about "GOD" for him being "Group of Drunks" the people that support him at the meetings and keep him honest. I didn't relate to everything but I liked that this guy seemed to have developed his own philosophy. Here's the weird part: The next meeting I attended there were 2-3 new people like I was in the last meeting. **Three different people at different parts of the table were drawing an identical diagram that I had seen the week before.** Is this something normal that happens at AA? .4. In the interest of being honest I did admit to a few members of the group who asked that I had smoked pot while on vacation to Colorado -- the whole "desire to quit drinking" is the reason I am in AA I am an occasional smoker and don't really intend on giving that up too. Admitting that got me some judgemental looks ended one conversation and brought on a lecture about how I really need a sponsor. ..In no way have I written off AA. I've read a lot about finding the right group. But my first experiences were sour compared to how good I've felt listening to This Naked Mind and especially starting my mornings looking at the people on this sub just like me that are figuring things out. I guess this is more of a rant than a real question but does any of the above sound familiar about AA? Is it normal? Abnormal? ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks in advance all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Find a different AA group.  .That one sounds weird.  .They're not all like that...I do recommend reading the book Alcoholics Anonymous.  .I found my story in there (not literally but you know what I mean). And I found decent fellowship in my region's AA meetings...If smoking pot leads you to drink don't smoke pot...If you smoke pot the way I used to drink (i.e. abusively) don't smoke pot...Otherwise I don't have a problem with it...Alcoholism is a life-long struggle / battle for some...For me I'm okay. I go to meetings because I like them and because I know it's helpful for noobs. And in AA I learned a lot about alcoholism and a lot about myself...Cheers mate. Congrats on a month plus!
I've been thinking about this kind of thing too. There is a lot of pressure to really get in the program. I think the reason for this that the people who are in aa have only succeeded doing just that. There are a lot of stories about relapse which people blame on not being fully in. What you don't see as much is people who drop out of aa to become alcoholics or who drop out and remain sober. So it's really selection bias I'm talking about. The question is what are your chances if you don't go long term and don't really get into it. I really don't know. I would say I thing there is like a honeymoon period of sobriety I think going to "wet" places is adding risk of relapse after a year or 2 after the horror has faded what is keeping you sober if things go wrong that is probably when you go back to aa and really get in the program I guess. That thought scares me quite a lot! 
I agree they want to believe you have to do it their way because that's the only way they could do it.. a sort of  misery loves company  situation.. They sound like dry drunks to me. ..The diagram thing is weird.. I've been to several different groups and never seen that. Starting to sound like a cult for chrissakes...I have been pressured to get a sponsor as well. I want a sponsor but I'm moving states due to circumstances out of my control so I'm putting it off. Do I think you have to have a sponsor to be successful? No. BUT I have seen many many stories of people who didn't have life changing success until they got a sponsor and worked the steps. Is that you? Only you can tell...Meetings are great for fellowship but of course they have their downfalls. I just tune out the ones who sound angry and condemning. AINT nobody got time fa dat.
Find a different meeting. You're right...you're there to discuss alcohol. AA has helped me tremendously...but it is NOT the only way people stay sober. Sounds like they're a little too tight knit at that meeting. ..IWNDWYT    
I can identify with the first one. There's only one AA group in my city even though it's a massive city but it's in Asia so it's mostly expats. Everyone was great especially one older guy who was super friendly and wanted my number. He started messaging me every day with inspirational quotes which wasn't so bad...Anyway I told him I had a teambuilding weekend coming up that I wasn't really into going to. He told me not to go but I said it would be ok I'd handle it ok...Anyway I must have had at least 20 calls over the weekend from random people saying that they heard I need help and they're there for me etc. They were all well-meaning people but I didn't know any of them and it was super annoying. I was trying to enjoy my teambuilding and strangers kept calling me telling me that they heard I was in trouble and not to give in yadda yadda yadda. It had to have come from that guy...Long story short I didn't have a good experience and didn't go back to AA. I know it's different in different cities and different groups but I have no other option here.
Was the "diagram" a 3d version of the AA symbol? Was it a circle with a triangle in it and the triangle comes up to a cone? Because that's pretty universal. It's how the program was explained to me. "Group of drunks" as a higher power is universal also. I've heard that in almost every meeting I've ever gone to it wasn't the first guy's unique philosophy. It's a way of introducing the concept of a higher power to people who feel a natural aversion to it. Other variations "Good orderly direction" and "Great OutDoors." There are traditions that are passed down in AA groups I find them helpful. I also found the program to be strange at first also I wasn't really sure if I wanted to stick around. But I just kept going and it's become one of the most vital tools in my 2 years sober. I found my first couple meetings very off-putting at first though. Try not to "build a case" against it. If therapy doesn't work entirely for you (it didn't for me despite multiple wholehearted attempts) and you need somewhere to go when things get tough keeping it in your back pocket might be a good idea. No pressure though. Best of luck and congrats on your progress!
[removed]
I like the AA group I go to infrequently but I have some issues with it one of them being "AA is the only thing that can work".  Sometimes it feels a little cult-y...Regardless I check in once a month or so as they are nice people.  I just don't get into the parts of the higher power and powerlessness and only AA can save you.  
That's very strange. If you're still interested in AA I suggest finding a different group. Personally I have very strong feelings about AA its effectiveness history and the female experience within the organization. The one-size-fits-all approach didn't work for me though it has saved other people's lives. Find support where you can. Don't feel like you absolutely must do AA to stay sober.
If you've been to one AA group you've been to one group...They each have a personality...I've never experienced what you've described.  Their enthusiasm is commendable.  Their giving direction maybe not so much.  I'm not criticizing them.  It's simply different...Everything is a  suggestion .  There are no requirements...If someone is pressing me that's problematic.  It should be  By Invitation  meaning in this sense that I'm  attracted  to what they have and the life they lead.  ..On the other hand if they're energetic caring staying sober and helping me stay sober I would attend several sessions and get to know them better...If they're  dogmatic  then I'm probably going somewhere else.
You do you. 
You have to do what's best for you.  Just like alcohol reacts differently in everyone's body the way you get help and stay sober will be different for you then for someone else.  I know for me I'm not looking to join AA. I live in too small of a city and I'm not ready to be ousted. However this subreddit is helping me stay focused as well as reading many books.  For me that's what's helping.  You have to do what fits for you.  
All of your reasons listed are why I struggle with AA and I have been to multiple meetings in different locations. If being a hard-core AA member works for someone then more power to them but it is not for me.
https://www.smartrecoverytest.org/local/
Welcome.       .It's not a lifetime of struggle for me.  The first few months and bits and pieces of my divorce yes but mostly it's great...The right sponsor can be a huge help.  There is culture shock they can help with that and more like the steps which are great tools for learning how to be happy in recovery and life in general..Number 3. ?  I've never seen it. There are regional variations in AA...Weed is a decisive issue.  Personally it's not for me and I would urge caution.   ..Finding the right group is worth the effort..
For me I made it through a few meetings and know A LOT of people who have been in AA for many years. But it wasn't a good fit. I just didn't like a lot of the teachings and premises - specifically that I was powerless needed a higher power and would ALWAYS be an alcoholic - and my dislikes were not meeting-specific. It and the big book and just the energy was not a good fit for ME. ..That said I LOVE AA for all the people I mentioned that it helped. It's been so positive for them and theyre among the most generous and compassionate people I know. And I actually attend a lot of outdoor social activities with these group. Really really good people. So for them AA has been wonderful. Which means I'm all for it just like I am for whatever gives a person the support they need. It just not for me. ..Hope this helps. Have a great Thanksgiving (If you're American  ) Thomas Seattle Wash USA..
Thanks for the post. I enjoyed reading it. I'll chime in on my experiences with these things. ..I got a sponsor right off the bat because I was in a bad place. That sponsor ended up dropping me because we had disagreements or different perspectives on what was "useful step work". After that I spent a decent amount of time just going to my home group meeting and not drinking. My mental health motivation and sobriety (although I didn't notice it at the time) were falling by the wayside. I wasn't going to jump into a new sponsor like I did originally though.  I needed someone who was similar to myself in our bottoms and our personalities. ..&amp;#x200B;..I basically stopped searching though. My ego kinda took over and I disregarded getting a sponsor. It wasn't until some friends of my who are also in the program explained that it might be a good idea to just do it; Pull the trigger and get the sponsor I was thinking about talking to for a while. After doing so I'm farther in my sobriety steps and we have an excellent time meeting up on a weekly basis. It's actually incredible. We are more friends than anything else at this point. Yet my sobriety is doing well and I'm taking this life on one day at a time. ..&amp;#x200B;..Regarding people saying "you're fucked" and it not going over well that's fine. We are all different people and react differently to comments. I think people who tell others that "they're fucked" without knowing them first is not as okay. That's on them though. At first I didn't understand the "you're fucked" and "you're sick" until I started my 4th step. It was when I started this step where I was like "Oh! I'm actually super broken and sick." but in a humbling and exciting way due to the awareness and excitement of overcoming my faults. ..&amp;#x200B;..I think as other people have mentioned in this thread you should keep searching for new meetings. I 100% GAURANTEE you that somewhere out there there is a meeting just right for you. It might just take a while to find. Also trying meetings that seem like they have different formats could be incredibly useful. ..&amp;#x200B;..Stay strong IWNDWYT
Go to a different AA meeting. Some are better than others and you can find one that is right for you. I attend "good meetings" and "meh meetings" because of the sheer amount of meetings that I go to. In one of my meetings a group of guys have an outside meeting because they like to smoke. No one there cares...Same goes with therapists. Negative (or meh) experience get a new therapist. And don't wait. You will know quickly if you vibe with someone or not...AA isn't for everyone but it's success rate is undeniable. I say don't give up on it. Go find a meeting that fits you.
When I was in rehab years ago a guy who worked there (not as like a therapist but he worked in the kitchen) pulled me aside and said to me "I saw you walk in the first day and I knew...I KNEW you weren't going to make it."   .Sorry but who TF says that to someone they have never spoken to before? I was a young woman 25 years old at the time totally beaten down by life and disease... and someone decides to say that to me?   ...Unfortunately I believed him. And I continued drinking after rehab off and on for a few years 'til I got completely sober at 35.  ...Don't let anyone derail you or put you off your path to health. No one has all the answers they just know what has worked for them. I think you're doing great!
I have never done AA and can't speak to their stance on this stuff as an org. I know it has helped a lot of people but for others it's not right and only you can decide that. ..I can say that quitting drinking decidedly "unfucked" my life though.  Looking at it as a lifelong struggle / constant battle just makes it so hard on yourself it feels like to me.  ..Maybe they like portraying it that way because it makes their achievement seem bigger?  Or maybe these guys are looking at the perks of sobriety as a concession / consolation prize because they'd actually still rather be drinking...But for me sobriety isn't a silver lining or a consolation prize sobriety IS the prize!..Nevertheless good job on your progress and keep doing what works for you. IWNDWYT.
Yes it is familiar to many of us. Trust your gut. ..AA has a built-in net designed to catch people who may be in denial about their drinking or the extent of their problem. But that net also tends to get misapplied to people who just have a different perspective or sensibility. You're going to be the best judge of which group you belong to and what it means for your participation or non-participation. It is at best potentially very confusing. ..There's also SMART Refuge and Life Ring as well as the possibility for solely using SD and/or a good addiction counselor and/or shrink. ..Many people have made many different strategies work. The more time you get the more clear your internal voice will be about all this. ..Good luck. 
I'm not down for aa I'm young and felt alienated there no one even talked to me was like if your not over 40 ur not welcome 
The thing is AA isn't about going to meetings. It's working a program. There is no point to going to meetings if you're unwilling to work a program along with it. The meeting itself doesn't keep you sober. Identifying with the story or topic and discovering if you are in fact alcoholic is the point of the meeting. If you are you work the program they have laid out and it just might work. Sounds like maybe you are still unsure of your qualification as an alcoholic? I could be wrong 
The smoking thing is such bs. Right after every meeting I went to just about everyone stood outside smoking cigarettes. Hypocrites. 
I got sober with the help of AA and I don't think I could have done so without my group...Having said that your experience does sound weird...In my town there are 4-5 AA groups some with different focuses (cross-tolerance women). Others simply appeal to a different demographic. Most are fairly similar but I've heard stories like yours that sound kind of out there...I do recommend getting a sponsor but I would actually wait until you know people well enough to find someone who is working a program that you admire. Someone who you think will support and challenge you on your journey. Personally I took a couple months to find one. Some will argue it is more urgent but if you feel that urgency you could certainly get set up with a temporary sponsor in most groups.
Hmm.. I definately dont feel like you should rush to get a sponsor. It has to feel right. I dont have a sponsor but Im still weekly attached to my rehab who pretty much sponsor me in everything. I feel its important for me to have someone who knows sobrerity better than me to be able to guide me right since I pretty much cant trust myself yet. My brain is sick and I do decide things to benefit my disease sometimes even if I cant see it at the time. Sometimes their ways seems odd and weird but I chose to believe it will help me since it has helped others worst case scenario it didnt. Step 3 is roughly "I put my life in my higher power" and my higher power is my rehab and AA. Also remember AA's views and tips and everything is based on old stuff. I believe they dont wanna change the original stuff too much in fear that they will ruin the guidelines that helped so many alcoholics it could use some updating but there also is something to it. ..I dont think it was fair to say that youre fucked especially at your firsts AA meetings. Not anytime is this OK though. About the diagram Ive not seen it myself but maybe its just a thing they like to show newcomers. Always take in and use what you like and feel useful and simply just listen to the other stuff. ..Ild suggest you try more AA groups if there are more availeble. See how you feel about other places too. Also good job and keep doing what feels right for you and that you find out helps you. In the end you being sober and well is the only thing that matters. 
Listen to your own voice.  Build a support system among family and or friends where the relationships don't center around alcohol.  Your therapist should help you.  I refuse to let others define my level of being  fucked up .  My inner voice is telling me the triggers for my own issues with alcohol   it is largely anxiety.  If I can manage my anxiety I can manage staying away from alcohol.  I relate to you 100 percent.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts here dri. First off as someone who turns nine months sober today (!!!) I can categorically tell you that you are not fucked. So long as you keep your mind open and you're not on your death bed with a failing liver you have an honest chance at being in long-term recovery...What I think it comes down to is this: Find something that works for you and do it. I don't know why those AAs spoke the way they did but an important part of the program is to let people make their own decisions and guide them if they ask.  "Live and let live" we say. I suspect this particular meeting is full of pretty hardcore AA people who've found that they only way they've found to stay sober is AA and they work the program really hard which is fine. If that works for them great! Just because their path may not be the one for you doesn't necessarily mean that you can't find a good one in AA. Or other recovery communities for that matter: I'd recommend looking into SMART Recovery (non religious evidence-based non 12 step) and perhaps groups like Refuge Recovery (Buddhist).  ..When it comes to getting sponsor that's entirely up to you but know that the program is a lot more effective if you have someone to show you the ropes and take you through the book and the steps. That mind you is ALL a sponsor is obligated to do: to take you through the steps as someone did for them. A sponsor can become a lot more than that - some people call their sponsor daily and have a very close relationship - but it's not required.  The only reason I wound up getting a sponsor was that it was a requirement of my outpatient treatment program and today I'm grateful for it. Having someone to be accountable to other than yourself can be really effective in motivating you in your recovery. That said you might have to go through a few people before you make the right match but don't let that keep you from giving a temporary sponsor a try...There's also a reason some people in recovery might discourage your weed use: The theory (proved by many of us on our respective recovery journeys) is that in using something other than your drug of choice to do something similar to what your DOC provided you'll eventually return to your DOC/relapse. Some people don't ascribe to this theory (I just had a great conversation with a friend 10 years sober who credited the "marijuana management program" for helping him through the early days and he was never big into meetings) but for me it's proven true. That's up to you. Feel free to experiment and find out for yourself. But for many of us using any substance is like playing with fire. I know it is for me...Finally find another meeting if there's one in your city/town. Try a few! I go to three or four different ones depending on the week. Each meeting has their own personality some "healthier" than others. Hopefully you'll discover a good one that makes you feel positive about your recovery and keeps you coming back...Good luck on your recovery journey and know that you're not alone and you are most definitely NOT fucked.
I'll echo the advice to try a different group. And if it isn't for you that's okay too. I've attended a few meetings and the people were great it works for them and it worked for me in the sense that going to a meeting got me through some intense cravings. But I could never get into the rest of it..
I'm not an active member of AA but I've been to quite a few different meetings and I have never experienced any weirdness like that. Are there other meetings available in your area? They are all different. Refuge Recovery is one you may want to explore as well.
AA isn't for me but they help loads of people so I'll never knock them. My advice is just do what works for you. If you like AA and it works great if you prefer The Naked Mind and that works great. There's no right or wrong way to sobriety there's just sobriety. Good luck!
I've never used aa as I don't believe in God etc and also just needed support to change my feelings about alcohol .Naked mind was good as was the stop smoking guy .This sub is the best for me as I can drop in  when i need and also it makes me feel I am helping others too .Do what's best for you and don't be bullied..Iwndwyt 
In my first meeting I met a guy named Farmer Bob. He braces me after the meeting and starts insisting we go to another meeting several towns over and another after that. During the meeting he mentioned during his share how he goes to several meetings each day. ..I realized it was really all he had. He gave up drinking and traded it for meetings. I can go to a meeting share my stuff but I'm not going to commit hours each day to this. What that said to me was that he was so worried he would slip if he wasn't at meetings that it was all he would allow himself to do. This man had decades sober. That's a lot of meetings. 
Thank you.  I am grateful you posted this.  ..&amp;#x200B;..And thank you SD for the thoughtful responses!  What a @#$\^ awesome group of digital homies!!!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Lots of people in AA are still actively sick.  We all are really.  Try another group another day or another time.
I don't want to hear other people talk about alcohol so I don't go to AA. ...Fortunately I like to focus on what I WANT so much more than what I DONT want not giving alcohol all the fucking airtime. ...It's not for me but it is for some people. Just a reminder that you may not need AA. 
Congrats on more than a month! Not ready to attend AA. Reading posts here anytime I feel weak is helping me not drink today.  I can check it on my phone. Try another meeting time and/or a different place.  You are not effd. you are definitely seeking the positives. IWNDWYT.
Dude. I read This Naked Mind and truly feel like I'm done with alcohol. I've read it 3 more times since and about to read it a 5th time. Something about the way she explains that alcohol is straight poison and that we've basically been conditioned and duped into drinking just set me off. Like fuck that fuckin shit! I'm not gonna be tricked into killing myself for this shit!!!  25 years of binge drinking that was beginning to morph into chronic daily drinking... Aaaand now I'm done. I realized that on top of the physical addiction (which does fade quickly) the reason I was drinking was to fit in. Be cool. Conform to societal norms...  Well guess what y'all I ain't conforming no more. Been to a number of big parties and situations where everyone was drinking and I'm not really tempted anymore. A little tough here and there but now that I've pulled the trigger and most of my close friends and family know what I'm doing I feel like the hardest part is over with! Woohoo! I do feel like I'll continue to read Annie Grace and check out the other stuff... And read more books like hers. And other videos etc... As this has helped ME tremendously. But everyone is different and AA has helped millions so there's that. I wouldn't mind more non-drinking friends but don't think I absolutely need that. I feel like I'm good. Something has shifted... but need to remind myself often as the subconscious conditioning can creep back in if not aware.  So bottom line if you're like me you might not need AA. BUT I feel like I need to be a student of the sober life game. That'll be my long term way of dealing I think. As time goes on I'll get better and better at the game so I'll need less practice. But always good to keep learning for life. Damn I meant this to be a short post. I'm rambling like a motha. OK I'm out. I'm here for ya if you need me. IWNDWYT
It sounds like that meeting sucks. That hasn't been my experience with the program. Is it possible to seek out another AA group.
Some people find something that works for them and think it's the only way that works period. Having an experience does not necessarily define the experience. Pay this person no mind. 
I have ODD (Oppositional Defiant Disorder) I don't do well accepting other people's rigid opinions. They would have gotten a great big F_UCK OFF from me! Lol  Some peoples kids...Lol
