-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yq0ou/how_long_did_your_insomnia_last_after_you_quit/

I heard some doctors say it should improve after the first week but I'm still struggling at the 2-3 week mark. I'm already taking benadryl &amp; melatonin and sometimes nyquil too. I'll fall asleep but just keep waking back up
----------immediate responses--------

Regular exercise helped me a lot.  ..3 months was when it started to get better for me. My sleep pattern is horrible thigh YMMV!
I still take benadryl to help push me over the edge in the first hour or two of falling asleep. I don't especially need it but I just like my sleep and want to be safe lol. It took me 4 months to fully get over the insomnia and it still comes in waves from time to time. Excercize and good diet goes a long way. Especially cutting out caffeine after noon did wonders for me. 
I am still up and down with sleep and wake in the night as you do...I don't use any sleep medication but I have mostly cut caffeine out of my diet which seems to help a bit...I have seen quite a few people on here say it took 2 or 3 months for their sleep to adjust so I am just gritting my teeth and crossing my fingers!
I've been an insomniac all my life pretty much [or night owl depending on what the world demands in terms of being up in the morning!]. I just don't have a body clock that wants to sleep before midnight unless I am utterly and entirely exhausted [unhealthy level of exhausted]. ..So I am just rolling with it - I am awake until my body and mind will sleep and then if that means I only get six hours or so on weekdays due to school run and work meaning I have to get up well I try and catch up on weekends and have sleepins on Saturday and Sunday. I get picked on by a lot of people I know locally for not being up at dawn every damn day but *shrugs* half of them have married their cousins so *rolls eyes* a grain of salt is applied liberally to their dissing!..One of my justifications for drinking was it made me switch off earlier at night - but passing out is NOT the same thing as falling asleep naturally and the 3am horrors and the hungover mornings were crapulent. What I am finding now is the sleep I get is better and it is more refreshing AND I cope better with being somewhat sleep-deprived for most weekdays. So I consider that a win :)..I hope you find a sleep pattern soon that you are content with!.   
The insomnia only lasts 1 night for me and that's the day that I'm hungover from getting drunk 
It took me 5-6 weeks to finally get good sleep. I had to stop all caffeine after 4pm get plenty of exercise and start a good night time routine before it all settled in.  It will come it just takes time.
It only took me a couple days but I realized really quickly it's because caffeine definitely hits me wayyy harder now that I'm sober. When I was drinking I could drink caffeine in the evening and still fall asleep (aka pass out drunk). But now it's no caffeine after 1/2pm or I realllly struggle w/ sleep. Hang in there    IWNDWY. 
Two weeks. I thought my heart was going to quit. My body forgot how to fall asleep without alcohol and Xanax. I sleep like a rock now no matter what.  Feels amazing. ..I might nap a little today actually 
