-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ysuze/when_youve_disappointed_friends_and_family/

I'm only on Day 3 and already feel a lot better. I haven't been sleeping that great but 4 hours of sober sleep is much better than 8 hours of drunk sleep I've noticed...I've disappointed frustrated and pissed off a lot of friends and family. Did you just leave them be until you had enough sober time where they actually realized you were serious? I don't want to think I'm blowing smoke as I keep relapsing and I know they are probably expecting me to again even if they won't admit it. I was wondering if it might be best to give them their space unless they talk to me first. ..&amp;#x200B;..What would you do or have you done in instances like this?
----------immediate responses--------

Ive always found that giving them their space is good. In the mean time do anything positive. ..Coloring. Writing a poem. Going for a walk (or a run if you have the energy). Read a story. ..Its a one step at a time thing. 
People realized I'm serious once I showed them I am.  One person expected me to fold until maybe a couple weeks ago I think they believe me now that I'm not going to drink no matter what.  I'm sure they'll still try to get me to though but no dice!  Anyways time and action are the only way to show what we're doing.. that's the nature of change isn't it action over the course of time.  
I started here a week and a half ago after making a complete ass of myself at a friends 40th birthday party I also drove home completely drunk. The next day I was full of embarrassment shame remorse etc etc...we all know the feeling. That morning I texted the host of the party with an apology not sure if he would even acknowledge my text. He called the next day and was very kind but I could tell that I had done some damage to the relationship. Since then I have quietly worked on myself I haven't made any promises to anyone haven't declared my sobriety and "This is the NEW ME" to anyone haven't put any other pressure on myself than I already feel. ..I figure I'll see some of the people from that party at some point in the future not exactly sure how I am going to handle that situation just yet but I'm really not too worried about it. I can't control anyone else's emotions reactions decisions...all I can do is the best I can and be the best me I can be. If those friendships fade away because of my bad behavior that one night then it is what it is. My priority right now is not drinking that has to take precedence over everything else for right now. Empty hollow promises that I make to others that I can't possibly know yet if I can keep are pointless. I do know that I will not drink with you today. 
