-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yzc8x/im_struggling_please_send_thoughts/


----------immediate responses--------

Beaming you some good clean energy right now buddy!     
What's going on? You wanna talk?
Hi Rachie I am sending you good vibes right now. Hang in there!!!
The cravings will pass quicker than the hangover. Get some food in you if you can. Sending positive energy!
Hang in there you and me are just a few days apart on our journey I know it's really hard these last few weeks have been brutal but I know wel both regret it if we cave. Stay rollin with me! Let's not drink tonight 
Hang in there!! 16 days is an accomplishment!! Your doing great!
Stay strong! I use the term "Survive and Advance" from Jim Valvano a cancer victim and college basketball coach who inspired me when I was younger to get through the tough days. ..IWNDWYT
Copy and pasting something that helped me.."Found it: ..u/Pleased_to_meet_u posted this gold and I found it really insightful and helpful. ..Someone in another thread asked "What does it mean when people say Play The Tape Through?" This is my reply. Maybe it will help...**.."Play the tape all the way though" is a phrase I learned in rehab. It was back when videotapes were more common...If you're thinking about drinking mentally put a movie of yourself in the VCR and start playing the tape labeled "Drinking." When you start the tape it's awesome. At the beginning of the tape all your fears go away you're the life of the party and you're having fun...That's where most people stop playing the tape. That's what they remember about drinking so they say "To hell with this sobriety stuff I remember what it was like back then and I liked it!"..However play the tape all the way through...First it starts with having a good time being a party gal. Then later in the tape you've had a couple too many and you're being loud to the point where people are annoyed with it. Keep playing the tape...Later in the tape maybe you've vomited people are unhappy with you. You might keep drinking. Then trying to get home maybe you drive. Maybe you take a ride from someone you know you shouldn't because you know they want more than just to drive you home and you're in no position to say no...Whatever it is play your OWN tape through. When considering drinking don't stop at remembering the good things or the things you do to forget. Play the tape through and remember why you stopped drinking in the first place...Play the tape through to the end then ask yourself if you can stay sober a couple more hours tonight."..
I'm struggling too but I know we can make it. You have my support. IWNDWYT
I'm struggling and starting over today.  The next days will be hell.  But we can make it.  Best wishes
It's ok to be pissed about being sober as long as you stay sober. Think about how sick alcohol makes us feel. And remember it's never too late to stop even if you've already picked up the bottle. Lots of    girlie.
You can do it Rachie! Go back and read the posts you wrote on the days when you had to reset your badge remember have bad that made you feel? ..You don't want to be there again and we don't want you to be either. Grit your teeth girly go have a lovely relaxing bath and get the Netflix on.   Each day you can get through the next one will be easier xxx
Youtube "urge surfing". Someone mentioned it on here. You look at the craving follow it and then watch it as it fades away. I tried it with a craving and it kind of worked. You've got this RL! We're all with you!
Comrade Rachie!  Sending smurfy positive energy across the ethernet in solidarity! IWNDWYT 
I struggled at 2 weeks.  At 30 days he cravings seemed to pass.  Good luck!
Your here on this site because you know you are better and want to stay that way without alcohol. I'm send strong vibes your way friend. Stay strong. I'm with you. I will not drink with you today. 
One hour at a time!
How ya doing?
