-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yzlyb/my_first_thanksgiving/

Hi all.  When I first started this journey of recovery two things were incredibly important to my success:  losing my massive ego and learning from people with more sobriety than me.  Given the tough times that might be coming up for some people I thought I would share how I got through my first Thanksgiving...As I was coming upon my first Thanksgiving I was just about 7 weeks into my recovery.  The week or so before Thanksgiving I was a wreck.  I was miserable depressed and absolutely terrified about going to Thanksgiving with my large (I am 1 of 10 kids) and dysfunctional family.  I was going to regular AA meetings and used this time to listen to people with solid sobriety share their experiences about how they managed holidays sober.  So in the days leading up to Thanksgiving I made  a plan.  Here it is:..* Honesty - I told my wife that I was scared and full of anxiety about this.  I told her that I wasn't sure how I would make it through and that I was going to need her help.  I called my brother who was hosting Thanksgiving and told him the same thing  I told him that I didn't think I would be able to stay at his house very long and that I may leave early.  I didn't want him to take offense if I did.  He and his wife were totally cool and what I found was that by telling them my concerns up front it really relieved a lot of my anxiety..* On the day of Thanksgiving I had a PLAN in place.  First I made sure I exercised in the morning and took care of myself.  Then my wife and I took 2 cars to my brother's place.  This way I could leave any time I wanted without making her and my 3 kids leave early. I had phone numbers of sober people I knew I could reach out to if I needed to talk. And most importantly I had a ready list on me of AA meetings with times and locations.  My plan was to leave my brothers if I started to feel too anxious or stressed out but to NOT simply go off by myself.  I knew being alone would not be healthy for me. If I left I was going to go to a place where there would be other alcoholics like me so I wouldn't have to be alone with my negative thoughts...Thanksgiving was hard I won't lie to you.  I stayed at my brother's with my family long enough to eat the meal.  As soon as the meal was done I left.  I didn't draw attention to myself or say goodbye to the 30 plus people who were all drinking and having a good time.  I simply told my wife and walked out.  I'll be honest I felt like a failure when I walked out.  I was depressed. I was sure that the rest of my life was going to be miserable and I would be unable to fully participate in holidays again.  But I also knew that staying there was dangerous and definitely not productive.  I went to an AA meeting and by the end of the meeting I felt much better...For the next several family holidays I used a similar plan.  Each time though things got a little better.  Each time I felt less depressed and found more and more hope in my situation.  Ultimately it got to the point that instead of stressing about holidays I looked forward to them.  My worst holidays now are far better than my best ones back in my drinking days.  ..A couple of years after my first Thanksgiving I was given a note by my 21 year old niece.  She told me that she was always amazed at my strength at leaving holidays to go to AA meetings in my early sobriety.  I have no idea what prompted this note but it is something I will never forget.  When I was sneaking out of my brother's house at that first Thanksgiving I felt miserable and like a failure.  Looking back those actions were not only part of the building blocks of a long term and happy recovery but at least one person was actually looking up to me when I was at my lowest...Sorry for the long post but I hope my experiences can be of some assistance anyone struggling this year.  Best of luck to everyone out there the next few days!  Trust me it does get better... :)
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for posting this. I didn't think to look up a meeting for Thanksgiving just in case. There were a couple local ones announced today. What a great idea. 
That story could bring a tear to a glass eye.  Thank you for telling it.  Happy thanksgiving 
Wow thank you for posting this this brought tears to my eyes. Hope you are doing well *this* thanksgiving &lt;3
Thanks Nika. I have read/heard numerous stories of folks having a plan which included leaving early successful at the event only to get home (usually alone) and then proceed to drink. Including a meeting in your plan is excellent! Peace
&gt;I stayed at my brother's with my family long enough to eat the meal. As soon as the meal was done I left...I use this great tool all the time - never fails ;)...It's lovely to see you Nika!!! Wishing you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving filled with love and peace &lt;3..
Thanks for posting Nika and nice to hear from you! I hope all is well in your world. I'm spending Thanksgiving volunteering at a dinner being held at my local AA clubhouse sidestepping drama and people drinking entirely.
