-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z1vsp/made_it_through_my_hardest_night_so_far/

This is more me just putting thoughts out there but others might relate...One of my best mates and long time drug and drinking buddy just got back from 6 months overseas with the army...I reminded myself that I wasn't drinking tonight before getting dinner with him. We had dinner and caught up. He showed me his photos from a 10 sightseeing tour around Europe which looked incredible and he said how it was pretty much a 10 day party. I'm glad he did it but I felt a deep longing to join him...We went to a couple of bars and caught up more and joked around. I ordered Coke and alcohol-free beer. ..I was tempted to drink a little but didn't. I'd shown him and a couple of other select friends my original post here and he didn't mention much about it and was supportive...If I'd had drinks I may have been tempted to stay out late spend too much money at bars and find a reason to justify calling in sick to work despite it being so busy ATM...We joked about old times clubbing together in my University days during weeknights...It was easy to forget the progress I'd made over the last few weeks with lots of gym sessions improved mental and physical health...I wondered if it was worth it all. My life can feel a bit all work and no play sometimes...I dropped him off home about 20 minutes drive away and we kept joking and taking about things. It was nostalgic dropping him off in our old stomping ground where we'd had a hundred good times and friends...Now looking at my life a bit I feel a little torn.on one hand I'm making a lot of positive changes in myself and feel very proud of but at the same time I think I'm just living a very comfortable yet slightly boring life that's becoming very settled down...I'm not relapsing or anything but just found the nostalgia of hanging out with him tempted me a lot and made me reflect on various parts of my life at the moment...Thanks for listening :) IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You have great insight and by the sounds of it you're not boring at all. Congrats on making it through the night. I've been avoiding my friends recently because the temptation would be too great. But I hope one day I can go out not drink and still have a good time. Well done and keep going !! 
That temptation will always be there absolutely fantastic you've achieved 24 days. Do you feel better?
Life isn't a page-turner-style novel. It is the way it is for a while then eventually will be something different. I'd like to think that the "boring comfortable" part you're experiencing is a slower-paced easier transition period before whatever it is to come later for you. Nothing last forever and this chunk of time is likely helping in ways that will prepare you for those next challenges or adventures that just haven't come yet. 
I can relate to this for sure.  In a way I feel like I'm  saying goodbye  to my former self and former life of drinking partying and having fun. In fact I feel like I've kept drinking over the last few years despite the dawning realization that I should stop as a way to hold on to that life not wanting to let go. Not wanting to  grow up  and be boring and no longer have any fun. ..But I think this thought this desire to hang on to the past is just an illusion. I'm only remembering the good parts which even at their best in retrospect were they really that great? Maybe for a couple of hours until things inevitably went south. ..I'm in my early days but so far  fun  has been reprogrammed as waking up clear-headed and feeling good tackling my day and being present for myself and the people close to me. I haven't been in too many social situations yet but my plan is to do as it sounds like you did and try to connect with people without drinking. Much better than drunken conversations that I barely even remember the next day! .....
Yeah I get the feeling of all work and no play. It can seem boring. There's a few things I've realized though... "boring" is just a negative way of saying "stable". Not drinking has allwoed me to regain stability and even if it shows up in the form of life being a bit boring that's a lot better then the way things were. There's also lots of opportunity to break the boring lifestyle without drinking. I signed up for indoor rock climbing and I love it. I've met new friends who never drink when we climb together and they bring out the best in me. That's never boring... but I still get to bed at a reasonable hour and wake up at 6am for work. It's all in the perspective.
