-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z2yfo/how_do_you_guys_handle_bad_newsfeelings_sober/

I have been sober for a little over a year now. I don't regret it one bit. I do struggle with accepting bad news. It always feels like those feelings are going to stay forever even though I know they won't...&amp;#x200B;..I got into a fight with my bf. We both handled the situation immaturely and now I am reaping what I sow. I feel like I am in a bit of a limbo though. I know things will be good again but damn these feelings sting. My first thought still is to find something I can use to numb it. I even had the thought of going and trying to buy something. I won't I realized it was stupid and it will hurt more. But seriously what are some good coping methods? Or ways to distract myself a little bit? What do you guys do?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Gym. Gym gym gym...Physical distraction coupled with the mental benefits of the endorphines. 
First of all well don't one your sobriety. You're amazing!..I very nearly came on here about an hour ago. I'm going through a bit of a difficult time at the moment anyway and I just found out that my ex-partner has a new girlfriend and it sent me into a bit of an emotional turmoil and everything came spilling out and I cried. All I wanted was to drown my sorrows with a bottle of wine. It's the first time in this short (one week) journey that I've had an urge come on that strong and hard. I decided to distract myself take a hot shower and wash my hair. That immediately calmed me down and then I sat and did a 10 minute meditation with headspace. Reminding myself how to acknowledge the thoughts and let them pass and then bring my mind to stillness is what really got me through. I'm not cooped up in bed feeling a lot better and I'm still sober...When you're feeling heated and stressed I'd recommend trying some meditation. Give the app Headspace a go as it guides you through a short meditation session...Best of luck!
I find therapy to be really helpful in planning these things so one of my coping skills is talking to my therapist and sorting things out with her. ..I also use the gym or go do photography to get me out of my head or journal or cry. 
Dealing with hard things is rough my own first reaction is also that I want to numb it. I'm trying to do different things. I walk cry talk to someone go outside for a bit exercise watch a movie cook/bake something talk about my feelings feel my feelings take a nap clean something do some work in my garden etc. I tell myself all the time that the feelings will ass I just have to ride them out and accept that they are there. Best of luck!! IWNDWYT 
