-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z4i02/1_year_sober/

I survived not only my own binge-drinking/alcohol addiction - I survived the family disease of alcoholism...And broke the chains of ancestral trauma.  I was a victim of many things - barely surviving.  Even in my first year of recovery work I was barely surviving and holding on.  I spent over 200 days crying grieving feeling all the feelings I never got to feel for decades.  Now that I completed years of grieving in ONE hardcore year of sobriety/recovery --  I get to spend the REST OF MY LIFE more joyous and free!..I don't have to put up with anyone or any crappy environment ever again (Not on my watch!)..I know my GOALS...I know my boundaries...I know my standards...I know my worth and my value...I know that in order to THRIVE I can ONLY align with healthy like-minded individuals who are doing great things and living great lives...Not only do I have the option of making incredibly loving healthy choices for myself - but I now truly understand what it means to take amazing care of myself.  I take care of myself and my happiness FIRST.  If someone can add to the quality of my life and make it better in a RECIPROCAL UNION...perfect.  If they cannot they have no place in my life.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I have seen hell on earth - the darkest dark.  Now that I know such darkness exists. I know that heaven on earth exists too!  That there is for sure a white light of a joyous happy free life.  I understand what it means to protect my mind body and soul.  I understand now that I am more than entitled to protect myself my emotional sobriety and mental health.   It is I who am 100% responsible for what and who I allow into my vibrational frequency.  I determine what I welcome in and what I choose to not engage in.   I give no one or nothing permission to poison me mentally emotionally spiritually.  I am not a receptacle for other people's projection/abuse...I am not a receptacle for other peoples jealousy insecurity dishonesty irresponsibility judgements lack of empathy etc.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I stay away from dream-killers / nay sayers anyone that tells me that I can't achieve something.  My tribe are the thought leaders of this world the people making a difference with their ambition pain and struggles.   My tribe are people who get to help to heal their pain rather than pass it onto the next generation (ie. their children spouses etc.)..&amp;#x200B;..I didn't get sober to simply quit the toxic liquid...I didn't get sober to say I beat a powerful force called addiction...I got sober because I wasn't happy in every area of my life!  I was tired of being sick unhealthy and sad...I didn't get sober to sit on the couch...I didn't get sober to work a mediorce job and make a mediocre paycheck...I didn't get sober to settle for mediocre relationships...I didn't get sober to stay in my hometown and 'only be of service' in recovery spaces...I didn't get sober to dedicate the rest of my life to AA...out of fear (I now incorporate life coaches biz seminars skills development other personal growth alternatives etc. into my life. To help me maintain sobriety and successful living.  I no longer make AA/recovery my entire life just a piece of it.)..I got sober to heal myself. I got sober to start building the life I know I deserved the life of my wildest dreams...I got sober to travel the world and start doing what I love for a living.  And I DO want to be wealthy...I got sober so I could buy my dream house get that dream new family the dog the business...To feel love to BE loved and to love others and trust again.  To have fun and be the change I want to see...I don't want to be just another person who survived trauma and addiction - I AM GOING TO THRIVE and live MY BEST LIFE EVER.  Spend the next 50 years accomplishing everything I have ever wanted to accomplish.  And document it all...&amp;#x200B;..I worked my ass off in 2 years of constant therapy and heavy amounts of recovery work through AA doing the steps reading tons of self-help books yoga. Balling my eyes out. Fighting depression and anxiety attacks.  I took charge of my anxiety and depression by helping myself with homeopathy and options from my doctor.  I did CBT and DBT many times and did all sorts of arts and breathing therapy. I stuck to posting and helping ppl on SD/Reddit. I switched friends completely dropped all my drinking friends and opened myself up to really solid successful healthy people.  An upgrade and full lifestyle change if you will.  I never set foot in bars / partying-type environments.  Not ever.  I found new social activities to meet people in.  I go to entertainment events for the entertainment - to meet people and have a good time.  I dont go there to drink.  I am looking forward to achieving everything else on my goals list.  I have never felt so healed heroic confident and proud of myself.  I cannot believe how painful my life was...and how excruciatingly painful the last 2 years have been - I died a hundred times emotionally and mentally.  I am happy to say I am officially free.  I am somehow healed - I have been given a second chance at a brand new life. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great fucking read. ..Good work player. 
Awesome work! Loved reading this 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
All. Of. This!       THANK YOU for sharing.
            !!!  I love this inspired manifesto and I'm so very happy for you.  It gave me the fuzziest warmest glowing glow!  I have goosebumps!  Yay munkie!!  
Bravo Sober Munkie!  Take a bow whike give you a standing ovation!
Fuckin' A.....KUDOS
This is an amazing post. I would honestly think about rewriting this for a Huffington Post submission. ..I loved this quote "I am not interested in lowering my standards in any dept. of my life". So good. ..&amp;#x200B;
What you have written here is a gift. Thank you!
This helped me a lot to realize I wanted to change for the same reasons. To not only not drink but to lose the one thing in between the life I wanted and my actual life. Thank you
All I can say is wow.  Man U need to write some self help books your self.   I can relate to a lot. I have 10 months sober from benzos but use to have serious drinking issues which I fixed with benzos to only go further down the rabbit hole. I am saving that post for future readings during time of self care.  Thanks much. 
CONGRATS! We have the same counter number!!!! 
This! ..Munkie so proud of you....your healing and insight is powerful... within   
Thank you for this I really enjoyed reading it. It was so well written and meaningful.  I will not drink with you today.   
You are an inspiration! Thank you for sharing this.  IWNDWYT
I think you have the writing skills and insight for sure and helping others is a great part of a recovery program. Good work 
