-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z6lt1/my_brother_and_his_wife_are_alcoholics_and/

Hi all - I am looking for advice...My brother and his wife are both alcoholics. They drink a bottle of vodka a night and frequently get black out drunk and violent disruptive during parties family events. A few years ago they quit  heroine went through rehab and methadone and suboxone and have since replaced that addiction with daily major alcohol consumption...My brother has always been a very hard person to support and love. We had a rough childhood; he's had legal issues; has been abusive of his former girlfriends and now his current wife. He is very manipulative gets explosively angry and I have never seen him apologize once in his life for hurting the people in his life with his actions. I sometimes think he might have no feelings at all or is convinced the world is out to get him...Anyway his wife has stayed over a few times this week and has confided that she plans on leaving him. She wants to seek help get clean and start attending AA. She loves him but wants to start living her life. I commend her and wish only the best for her...We are all extremely worried about the impact this will have on my bro. He has very little will power and other than worrying he will get violent or abusive to her I am very concerned he will relapse and start using heroin and kill himself. ..My gut tells me I need to be there for him somehow. But my heart isn't in it. My own wife is currently pregnant for the first time and she is worried he will start crashing at our place and things will fall apart. I have years of built up resentment for him and wish I wasn't so tired of this stuff but I am. ..I am looking for advice. What is the best way I can offer him support without pushing him in the wrong direction. In the ideal scenario (according to me) I wish he would acknowledge he has addiction problems with alcohol and also seek help go to AA. I wish he can open his eyes and start to take responsibility for the pain he puts us through. But I am no confident he will be ready to do any of this stuff.  (His wife says he refuses AA and even when they took counselling together he refused to ever admit to hitting her or that he did anything wrong.)..I hope I don't come off sounding like a heartless guy - but please know I want the best for him and for this big change to happen in a way that will start healing. I worry about my mom about him his wife and of course me. I am about to start a family and I want my bro to be in the picture...One idea I had was to drive up to where he lives and be there for him the weekend his wife has decided to leave. (She has told him it will happen but he doesn't believe. I would be there for when it actually happens. To talk hang out and be there for him and give him a pep talk advice etc...) ..Thank you for listening and your suggestions.
----------immediate responses--------

You might want to reach out to r/AlAnon. It's a group for people who love an alcoholic and they will be better able to give you support. Or you might try r/scienceandkindness. It's another great sub for loved ones dealing with someone else's addiction issues.
So. You can't make him stop. I'm going through the same shit with my mom and sister. My sister went to rehab after flipping/totaling one car and being pressured by her friend. She still not sober. She doesn't think she has a problem has memory issues totaling cars issues and spits venom at me whenever I'm real with her about the path she's currently on. ..On the other hand I've been sober from drugs and alcohol for six years on Friday. My family did to me what I'm doing to my sister and mother. ..   YOU    NEED    BOUNDARIES    ..with your brother. He's probably not going to respect them so it's up to you. It's hard to watch siblings go through this. I wish I could take all my sister's problems away because I know the pain and denial she's in but only she can choose to stop. I haven't spoken to my mother in about six years. That was a hard decision to make and stick with but she's an emotional vampire. ..If you don't want him in your house should his life fall apart don't let him in your house. His decisions are of his own making. I want to be there for my sister but I've found I cannot talk to her often for long periods because she's breaking my heart or spitting pure venom about how I deserve this and she's supposed to be perfect and I'm the fuck up. I'm there for her if she wants to get real with me. But the alcoholic run around is an amazing form of manipulation.  It's so easy to fall for even though I know the game. Especially with family. ..Decide with your wife what is and is not going to be okay should things go south with your brother and his wife. I promise you won't be able to fix him sobriety unfortunately doesn't work that way. ..Best of luck and congratulations on your growing family  
My brother is also an angry violent and often suicidal drunk.  I love him and wish I could have him in my life and the life of my infant but I had to admit a few months ago that it just isn't feasible...If you want to be there for your brother then my advice would be to sit down and write out exactly how you're willing and able to do so.  Don't shame yourself into overextending yourself.  Once you've done that I'd take the list to your wife and all her to help you amend it in the instance that anything you wrote down makes her feel uncomfortable.  Come to an agreement on how much you can both give and then put the piece of paper in your wallet.  Take it out and remind yourself of these boundaries before any interaction with your brother occurs.  Eventually it will get easier but at first it's easy to slip into pity and guilt...I think being there for him on the day his wife moves out is a nice gesture of support for him and also possibly a life-saving one for her if he's been known to be violent in the past.  Don't hesitate to call the police immediately if anything goes off the rails.  It's not your job to protect him from the consequences of his actions in that scenario and you've also got to keep yourself safe for your own family...Good luck.  I'll be thinking of you.
