-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z8nbh/living_sober_then_drunk_repeat/

Waking up this morning I felt dried out. It's a weird experience waking up hungover/still drunk. It is almost as if transforming back to human from something not human. I've been struggling. I can't stop messing up. I make it several days or even weeks sober and then I find myself back in the same predicament. I feel that there is no one I can turn to in my real life except for my partner. I always drink when he isn't around because I don't want to put the stress of one of my binges on him. Then I feel torn up with guilt and shame and feel like I am the worst person on the planet. The option isn't there to go to family with my problem because they all think I've been sober for years. I am living a lie to them. I feel that I can't let them know where I'm really at because they will just be worried and upset then also the fact stands that I haven't been honest with them. My best friend drinks every day and is supportive but I am always tempted to drink with her and always justify it in my mind. Downplaying my problem. Downplaying her problem. I just feel completely stuck and want a sober life but I am my own worst enemy. Nothing really happens except this cycle repeating itself over and over again. I am finally feeling less poisoned after last night's drinks. I guess I just needed to get this out. I need to be honest with someone. This cycle is draining my energy and taking away every part of me. I need to get honest and live authentically but frankly I guess that part of me is broken. I will not drink with you all today. Hopefully tommorow too. Sending all my love to every one of you and your journey without alcohol as well. Thanks for understanding. 
----------immediate responses--------

All we can do is try and take it 1 day at a time. I will not drink with you today. It's going to be interesting with the holidays coming. I'm nervous but I know I can do it. I know you can do it. At least just try. Sending hugs.
Many of us here can relate to what you're experiencing. I'm glad you're here with us. ..When I fall into a shame spiral I find it helpful to ask myself:  If my dearest friend expressed these feelings to me what would I advise that friend?  Generally speaking the advice (and compassion) I would express to my friend is advice I should follow and compassion I should accept for myself.  ..I won't drink with you today. I'll also endeavor to treat myself with compassion and I invite you to do that too. 
You know what really really helps like nothing else really can?..*Talking to other addicts in recovery about it*.....There's over 140000 of us here for starters and if you need some face-to-face support too meetings of AA/SMART/Refuge Recovery/LifeRing etc are held regularly almost everywhere and are free.....There's no need to struggle all on your own there's tons of help out there and all you need to do is ask! Give it some thought.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
