-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z9fnv/i_need_help/

I have been trying to quit for 6 weeks now. I struggle and fail on the key days...ie Day 5 Day 8 that is the longest I have made it. I'm 49 my life depends on stopping! Wtf do I do? I hang around here alot just to see other people doing better than me. Why is this so damn hard for me? I'm ready to throw in the towel and just end it! I'm so tired of failing. I became physically disabled 11 years ago. My life has went to shit every since! All of my mental defects came at me shortly after. I have become a mental basket case. I have mild Tourette's Syndrome since I was 7 I dealt with it and still do. I now have Major Depressive Disorder OCD suicide and severe anxiety issues. I have no motivation and I do enough to scrape by. I have no ambition and I hate my life! I wish I would go to bed and never wake up again! I am lazy my house has went to shit. I can barely make it out of bed but force myself. I don't have much of a choice my chronic abdominal pain makes me get up. The longer I stay in bed the more the pain intensifies. I'm really fed up with it all. I feel like such a loser! I have to stop drinking on my own I can't afford treatment. I have no self-worth and just struggle with my life. I just feel like a lost cause destined to die a slow miserable death and then end up in Hell anyway. I'm just so lost and don't see a way out of it I want to give up! I'm sorry this turned into a poor me rant. This is just how I feel every day. I'm miserable!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Try incorporating regular meetings in to key days.  If you have trouble leaving the house that day maybe a Skype in meeting with a sponsor? 
You already are doing the right thing - by sharing and by KEEP ON TRYING! Don't give up! For some of us it just takes longer to finally break free from this poison. But it IS possible and you CAN do it. I myself am in a boat where it's been 4 years that I have been trying on and off while trying to live with a major depression. I understand how bleak every day is. Alcohol is a major depressant so those of us who have it are making it much worse just by drinking. Right now I haven't seen my kids for over 2 months just because I couldn't stay sober for even 24 hours during that period... I am at 23 hours sober right now.
Keep at it. I've been trying to quit for a year now. It's difficult and everyone here will agree that it is. Focus on the 5 days and the 8 days and even on the 1 days. Was there a time prior to 6 weeks ago where it was all 0 days? Anything above that is an improvement. Not long ago I too was wishing when I went to bed that I wouldn't wake up again but once the days without alcohol  consistently outnumbered the days with it and I kept trying my attitude completely turned around. Hang in there. It's tough and frustrating and seemingly endless. But it's the alcohol and not you at fault. There's all sorts of programming involved that needs to be slowly undone. Give it time. Emphasize the days without and be compassionate with yourself.
