-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zbm24/shamelessly_begging_for_support/

This is my second shameless appeal for support today...I'm really sorry if my struggles seem trivial to many others out there who have no money or are stuck in abusive situations etc. ..In my case I have overcome the odds in so many ways but my mind is still my biggest enemy. I just want to get fucked up some times! What is wrong with me?..I feel like I'm being overly dramatic and weak but I would really really appreciate any advice anyone out there can offer.
----------immediate responses--------

Get some professional help. Sometimes you can't just do it by yourself ya know?..I won't drink with you today.
Do *not* ever feel guilty about coming here for support. I'm sure that there isn't a single person here that isn't willing to help any way they can...Remember your triumphs and include your ability to abstain. Our minds are always our worst enemies. Keep fighting!
You have nothing to apologize for here. Have you attended any local AA meetings? 
I've been to one where I was accompanying a friend and it seemed like a strange scene. .I live abroad so the only women there seemed to be minted expat wives with a weakness for wine at lunchtime. Not that they seemed like bad people or anything but I just didn't relate to their struggles...The shame of being a female alcoholic living in a different culture is weird. It's a strange space that I'm moving in and sometimes I feel like I can get away with so much that I couldn't back home. I think there's a lot of us who became enabled overseas.
I can add accountability has probably been my best motivator in your situation.  It's super tough (especially around the holidays with family etc) to NOT want to drink sometimes.  You can do it.  Sounds like your in touch with a therapist which is a huge plus already...You can do it take care if yourself &amp; go one day @ a time... That's all u can do! ..
Sorry you're going through this!  It will pass...these feelings are only temporary.  I can totally relate with the "fuck it I just want to get drunk" attitude.  Like not even necessarily craving the drink itself but just wanting to be able to mentally "check-out" and not feel anything whatsoever.  I realized I used alcohol to mask any emotion I ever experienced.  I have greatly missed out on a lot due to my drinking.  No more.  I will not drink with you today!
My niece is coming to visit next week so that's a huge motivator for me. I feel like her beauty and innocence (she's 18) reminds me of who I can be when I don't give in to the my bitterness resentment and feelings of failure. .Sometimes I wish I had kids as I feel like that would help hold me accountable.
Have you spoken to a professional about this urge to want to check out mentally? ..I mean what do you think it represents in us as addicts? Why don't other people have these feelings?...And while I am letting it all come out today I am deeply angry with my Dad and Mum for exposing me to that template for stress relief. I wish they had been into other things like sports or even religion( can't believe I'm saying that) but instead I just associate drinking and smoking with relaxation. ..Anyway I have no duty to recycle their pain and I am grateful to have met people who are openly struggling with addiction instead of sweeping it under the rug like their generation did.
[removed]
I don't have any advice I'm only on day 7. But will it help if I say I'm really impressed with your 167 days? Great job - IWNDWYT
The mind fixates stuck in a strange loop.  It happens to all of us. The brain is tricky operating system sometimes...To add to its strangeness with alcohol and drugs and the nuero-chemical depth of our conditioning it can manifest like a small (or not so small) voice within us saying  drink drink drink.  Even when we are like  WTF really? I just went through hell! ..
