-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zdkoe/what_can_i_learn_from_my_relapse/

I'm wondering if anyone has any insights for me on what I can take away from my relapse. It will help me feel less shitty about it.
----------immediate responses--------

I finally learned that the only way I could manage alcohol was to avoid it.  My last relapse lasted 18 years.  I have many memories to remind me of the results of my drinking.  Everyday sober is one day further away from those dark days.
&gt;What I can take away from my relapse..Well none of us know much about the relapse.  So it'd be hard to figure that out...Here's are something you can answer for yourself based on your experience:..Do you have an *Undesired Consequences* from alcohol?..If so do you want alcohol associated consequences in your life?..If not what did you observe and/or learn from the relapse?..What actions/steps did you take as that first drink was getting closer and closer?..Did you reach out to a sober support person?..Did you call someone?..Did you go to a recovery meeting?..&gt;help me feel less shitty about it..For me I'd look at "what I feel shitty about" and ask how do I take action to prevent those from occurring?
I've had one relapse. The most important thing that I did was to examine the cause of my relapse and then develop a plan for when the same thing would occur in my next attempt at sobriety. Good luck to you. I will not be drinking with you today.
You could examine the moment you decided to drink and learn to name the sound of that particular lie--whatever it promised it didn't deliver correct? So if there was a lie that felt true what did it sound like and how can we learn to recognize it? Or if you did recognize it and knew it was a lie what did you say to yourself to convince yourself to listen anyway? Perhaps you said something like "Who cares I don't matter that much so it doesn't matter anyway." I don't know--only you know but my point in making the example is that the answer may have been just a sensation without words and I'm suggesting you make it articulate try to write it out...These are tricky questions whose answers for me lay slightly beneath the surface. So I might have to close my eyes and go back in time to feel into the moment and break it down so that in the future I will its number.
