-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zib1x/late_reflection_on_reaching_100_days/

  ..I'm a couple of weeks past my 100 days a milestone I honestly thought I'd never reach since my drinking career began 10+ years ago. I felt like I ought to post something to celebrate that milestone but I couldn't come up with anything to say. At least nothing vitally important or enlightened in my mind. So this is my late-to-the-party reflection. ..I'll echo what many others have said before me: it's hard work but it's absolutely worth it. My life was not completely made over after I quit drinking. I still deal with anxiety and depression. The difference now is that these feelings are not nearly as overwhelming as they used to be. That is enough for me right now. ..Removing drinking made me realize I was dealing with another struggle- figuring out exactly what it is I want in life. Quitting drinking hasn't given me an answer but it has given me a method. Once I started stringing days together (actually started *doing* something) I found out living in recovery is what I want for my life. Maybe the same can be said of other areas of life   the *doing* comes before the *feeling.* Some folks may have the gift of desire that starts deep inside something that needed to be uncovered. I don't count myself among them. My desire is something that needs to be built and that means putting in the work of building figuring out what does and doesn't work along the way. ..Anyway that's my ramble for today. I am so grateful for all of the support I've received on this sub. Much love to you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100!!!
See for me all the depression/anxiety went away when I stopped drinking. It allowed me to appreciate all that I have and make the effort to start resolving any demons...Keep slaying demons. They do die with enough effort.
I've had a very similar experience. I stopped drinking and I had to figure out who I am and where I'm going. That's the hard part now. I don't want to drink nearly as bad as I did at the beginning but looking around and not really knowing who I am or what I really care about is frightening. Booze made me not care about those things for about 10 years. 
Adjar thaw was such a great post - I mean it.
