-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zjfby/you_know_what_would_make_this_even_better/

I had a fantastic time today at my in laws. I was up at 5 am baking pies and cooking the ham to help my in-laws out for thanksgiving. The day really was just great having lots of laughs and good times. But at times when I was just sitting there and observing and just hanging out....it just comes creeping in....you know what would make this even better?!?!? No no it would not make it better brain. It has literally never made anything in my life better. I was genuinely having such a great time and yet it still creeps it's way in. I didn't have any real cravings today or any struggle thank goodness. But it just bothers me that the thoughts of drinking still pop up. I just can't wait for the day when they go away. Anyway just wanted to talk about that for a second it just bothers me when that happens. I hope all of you had a safe and sober thanksgiving and IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Had a safe and sober Thanksgiving! Now that's it's winded down I feel so grateful to have been sober throughout the experience. I am now planning for getting in bed staying on Reddit a bit and sleeping well. :)
It does make it feel better. Temporarily. That's why we've all done it so much. But it's very closely followed by embarrassment shame guilt regret nausea physical pain anxiety paranoia depression sadness anger frustration self-hate and so many more terrible awful things. You can't have one without the other. When you drink alcohol you are pulling all of those things into your life too. On purpose. 
Same here had a fine time sober yet the thoughts still crept in.  I overcame the thoughts ofc still annoying how they always try to tempt!  Congratz.
Sounds like you had a fantastic Thanksgiving! I hate those irrational thoughts but it's reassuring to hear I'm not alone in having them. Glad to hear you had a good one! 
Sounds like a great Thanksgiving for you!  You know I am not sure the thoughts like that ever go away but it seems like you learn how to deal with it more effectively as time goes on.  I quit smoking 22 years ago and still sometimes dream about smoking and wake up thinking I am a smoker again.  I am not sure why or how that it is but it must still be in my subconscious.  With drinking it creeps in at times like you said and the thing that seems to help me is to keep reminding myself that the idea of one drink won't hurt me is a lie.  Stay strong!
Hello ..I find I need to be ever vigilant.  ..Yes it gets easier.  If it didn't I would not have made it...But at 28 years I was too close for comfort.  I am greatfull I did remain sober. ..I hit rockbottom in another addiction or close to rockbottom. ..No I don't wish to frighten you. ..Sobriety is worth it. ..But I must be careful and aware...Just for today I will be sober with you. ..John       
Those thoughts will still time to time pop into my head. Far less than before and less intense. I quickly think about what would happen if I had just one drink and it's ugly; it always gets ugly. I try not to dwell on the thought I don't give it traction. 
Yup had the same thoughts a couple times today our brains love to fuck with us! Good job staying strong! 
 It has literally never made anything in my life better' speaks to me so much. Today was my first sober thanksgiving since probably before i could legally drink. I haven't been very open about wanting to be sober just said to my sister that I didn't want to drink. She put up a small playful argument that she is  peer pressuring' me to drink and that we  don't have to get DRUNK' but I stood strong. That mentality is a slippery slope and  just one drink' doesn't make ANYTHING better now later or ever. ..Congrats on today and Happy Thanksgiving! IWNDWYT 
It doesn't make it better just takes you farther away.
