-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zmj7h/my_friend_forcing_me_to_have_one_beer_only/

This is very sad ! Obviously he is not my friend  but he always talk about drinking and all. Everytime he is the reason for my relapse..What to do ?? One beer a month is fine ?? 
----------immediate responses--------

You dont have to drink it just because they give it to you or buy it for you. If you've said you don't want to drink more than once I think it is perfectly okay to not. I've had 3 friends buy me drinks this last almost month and 2 of them I left sitting on the table full because I didn't want them. The 3rd my friend drank so it wouldn't go to waste. Point is peer pressure sucks but that is all it is peer pressure. Good luck OP
Other people don't make your choices. Your sobriety (or wanting to be sober) is yours. Peer pressure can be very hard there is a lot of information over here what you can try to stop drinking if that is what you want. Good luck!! IWNDWYT 
I've never understood people that like beg someone who doesn't wanna drink to drink. I mean one beer won't do shit. My friends all drink and outta habit they'll say "you wanna drink?" I just say nah and they don't bring it up again. Unless they start getting that hard buzz lol. They just forget. Probably bc we have all drank for years. Good for you not drinking them. Sometimes you may need to pop off and say F U. Keep up the good work! IWNDWYT 
Unless he is strapping you down and waterboarding you with beer you have the choice not to drink. You are in control or you hands and arms. You do not *have* to raise that beer to your lips. Tell him you're fucking serious and he needs to respect thar decision. If he doesn't then it's time to cut ties. 
He is not your friend.  Make new sober friends.  Get better at saying NO.   
It's a good thing that we get to choose who is our friend and who is not our friend. I will not drink with you today friend.
I'm surprised at everyone who's commenting  well just say no  because we all know it's not that easy. Lots of people can't handle being around alcohol when they're first trying to get sober. It sounds like you need to be very vigilant about controlling your environment. Avoid situations where you may be tempted. Stay home next time you're invited somewhere you know that there's going to be heavy drinking. Talk to your friends about what's going on with you. Ask them to hold you accountable. Don't hang out with that guy or others like him. No one should be offering you alcohol when they know you're trying to get sober. If they do they're not your friend. 
Not for most alcoholics. Next time say no. One beer a month is not fine. 
