-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zpfvo/sticky_for_excuses_possible/

Hi lovely mods! ..Is it possible to have a sticky for excuses? ..I just dodged my own leaving drink today by telling my boss I was on antibiotics. It got me thinking it would be flipping awesome to have a permanent post where you could just dive in and select a relevant excuse for your situation. I know there has been threads in the past with excuses but is it possible to have an excuse link / sticky somewhere permanent?..Sometime I struggle with what to say when someone pressures me to drink so I'd consider an excuse page etc. an awesome resource. BTW if there is already one somewhere then please feel free to delete this post. And thanks for all your hard work!
----------immediate responses--------

You are free to use whatever excuse your like but I've found that 99% percent of the time if I just say "No thank you" or "I'm good thanks" nobody bats an eye. People care a whole lot less than I thought they would. 
You can use the search bar to look up 'excuses' maybe. But I agree with the other poster  we think we need excuses but we really don't. ..Or just keep using the medication one. Or my other favorite the sober month. No one who gets that excuse knows me well enough to figure out my sober month has now extended into month 4...
We've had a lot of threads on those that you can likely find via a search. What most of us find though as u/cawcaww mentions is that actually no one cares if you aren't drinking. Now on a bunch of occasions this past year I've carefully rehearsed an "excuse speech" yet I've never had to use one. Something along the lines of "not feeling like it today" has always sufficed. ..If your friends are pressuring you to drink a lot you may need to reevaluate who you're hanging out with. But some good ones to shut up pushing friends are the antibiotics thing or just "my doctor said I can't with this new medication I'm taking" a cleanse have to drive have to be up early it's giving you headaches lately "no drink November" "Oct-sober" "Dry January" "lent" "dry July" etc. Good luck!
Maybe something on your phone would be helpful? So you could reference it when you need it? ..You might also find that "I'm good thanks" is all you need after a while. I think most of us have found that no one really cares that we aren't drinking and that it's easier to just not make a big deal out of it than to constantly have an excuse at the ready. ..(and the "I'm on antibiotics" excuse always makes me curious about why people are willing to disclose a (fake) personal medical issue instead of just saying "No thanks I'm good right now." If someone said that to me I'd spend the rest of the night trying to figure out what was wrong with them.) 
It took a friend over 3 years to ask why I wasn't drinking! By then I'd forgotten all the stock answers and was completely thrown. So yes people don't really notice that much but I still wish I'd had something ready to say. (Note - I had had a relapse during that time but didn't see him during it so technically as far as he was concerned I hadn't had a drink for a long time). I'm not sure whether the not noticing in this instance is  a good thing or not  
I think that sounds like a great idea!..Of course I agree we shouldn't "need" excuses but unfortunately our unique situations can sometimes play a big role in our personal stories. Maybe we have been in family or work situations in which our peers would notice our changed drinking habits. I do feel a pang of guilt when I have to down play the importance of my decision not to drink and lean on some kind of excuse in a social situation but we simply aren't always in a place where we can be upfront about our struggle. That's life...Lately my "excuses" have all been rooted in the truth so it hasn't been awkward to navigate when others offer me drinks. "I can't handle alcohol like I used to" "it's been bothering my digestion lately" "I don't want to risk a headache" etc. ..IWNDWYT
