-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zr08j/so_its_been_a_year/

If you'd told me last year that I'd be writing this a year later I probably wouldn't have believed you...I know everyone sees these kinds of posts daily and I know it can sometimes be disheartening to see other folks' success when you're still struggling. Sometimes it's exhilarating though...Friends I'm here to tell you that hope abounds! 53 weeks ago I had blacked out and fallen to the ground outside of a gay bar at closing time only to scrape my face on the concrete. I just laid there because I felt so defeated. Luckily a friend was there to hail an Uber on my (then shattered) phone. He pushed me into it and sent me away...Since I made the decision to stop I've seen a lot of changes. I'm more compassionate. I've promoted into a management role at work. I actually save money. I brush my teeth every day. I treat myself so much better now and I can't find the words to express how grateful I am for all of it...Sometimes I'm lonely or sad or anxious but I only need to remind myself how wonderful it is that I no longer need alcohol to cope with those tough emotions to smile...And SD you've been with me through it all. I want to thank everyone for all of the support you've given me over this last year. It has meant the world to me and I hope for each and every one of you that you are able to see this success like I have. It truly is better on the other side!..Much love!.Austin
----------immediate responses--------

I love reading these. ..Great work 
It is not disheartening.  It is motivating.  I disgusted myself 2 weekends ago kissing hard a stranger in front of  the man I have  been saying I love for the last 3 years. Somehow I remember feeling his eyes on me.  I am still wondering how on earth I could have done something like that and still I can not grab that moment where my mind decided to do that. I really am trying to get to that moment . But it is impossible because there is no such a moment . Just blank alcoholic disgusting  nothingness. And after just pain and disgust..So thanks for sharing. 
Congrats Austin! 
Yes Austin!!  Way to take your life back!  Congratulations on a better brighter year I wish you many many more to come    
Thank you for sharing!!! Congratulations Austin! IWNDWYT
Congrats!
Happy sober circle around the sun!
