-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zxo2r/first_time_here/

Hi everyone been watching this page for a while but first time posting. I don't really know what to say - I've been struggling with my drinking habits for quite some time. I don't drink every day but when I do at the moment I can't seem to control it and more often than not I get black out drunk. This results in me being depressed and my partner having to deal with everything which isn't fair. I don't really know what I'm trying to say - I'm not sure I want to completely stop drinking but I just want to get to a better place with it. I hope this is the right place to post this and if anyone has any advice it would be very much appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Firstly welcome. You are in one of the nicest corners of the web. The people here are so so supportive...You will get through this. Like you I wasn't sure if I was going to stop drinking completely but I'm now 11 months into what I call  A Year Probably More Off Alcohol'...My life has changed completely. It was hard at first but if got easier the further into the journey I got. It will all be OK. If you need support we are here...I will not drink with you today and I wish you the very best for your journey. Stay strong... 
I don't think that anyone can tell you what is the right answer for you. Fr me I just got to a place where the (questionable) benefits of drinking got buried under the negatives. I am a long time drinker around a bottle of wine a night which in recent times I switched to 2 or 3 large brandies. I never lost a job or broke a relationship through this consumption. No DUIs or hitting bottom. But my blood pressure and weight have both climbed steadily to worrying levels. My blood tests are starting to show that my liver is being impacted. I was sluggish irritable and lacked concentration. I was pretty focused on getting home to have my wine and on making sure that I had enough in the house. I was using alcohol to 'relax' and sleep. Life was getting me down and my anxiety was a daily battle even though I was medicated for it. I didn't think I was an alcoholic. I wanted to drink moderately. I was afraid to stop drinking. I didn't fully (stupidly) understand how much trouble I was in until I came here and learned from people wiser than me. My eyes are still being opened. I may not have fully labelled myself an alcoholic but I sure am in trouble when it comes to alcohol. I find the dawning realisation that I have no control over alcohol very painful. This is a process for me however at least now I know and accept and believe that I am on the spectrum of alcohol use disorder. I wish you well on your journey whatever you decide for yourself. I will not drink with you today and thank you all here for allowing me to safely painfully inch closer to my own truth. You are changing my world.
Welcome aboard.Looking back now I can see how things progressed for me.I would drink more and it would become the new normal.Then it was hard or impossible to return to previous levels.It was just a slow slide but was picking up speed as I went along.The book This Naked Mind helped me alot as well as hanging out here on SD.
I am with you completely. I WANT to be able to control it I WANT to be able to just have a glass of wine with dinner but inevitably I finish the bottle (or worse the box) and the blackouts are ALL too familiar- and lets be honest scary af...No I don't dance with a lampshade on my head but it's embarrassing to ask questions the next day and have people look at you like you're crazy... YOU cooked all that food last night YOU made us do that/watch that YOU told us/asked us this last night- what?! don't YOU remember??? ..So many precious memories lost so many moments in time I'll never get back. ..No I know that I don't WANT to quit but I know I must - the stories I read here are all too familiar- and I'm hopeful that in 3 months 6 months or a year from now I'll be posting about all the positive changes instead of feeling like I'm punishing myself. ..Sorry this is hardly the  advice' you were seeking as I'm only on day 2- but wow it helps to know you're not alone in this...Good luck on the journey with us  
Welcome!..I use to think that if only I would quit drinking for awhile things would be okay and then I could go back to having a glass or two.  Never worked out like that for me.  I would be full speed ahead with the booze within a week.  Even last night I saw someone take a drink and I thought "Well when I reach their age I could sit around and have one drink."  Then I remembered no that is not me.  I can't have that one glass of wine and be done it is the whole bottle or nothing.  ..Since you asked my advice is be kind to yourself and others and take it one day at a time.
Welcome! I come from a similar situation. I didn't drink every day but mostly because i really can' t when i have a hangover which can last for days now....If you are not sure if you want to stop completely that's fine just postpone until tomorrow. No one is keeping you from drinking then if you really want to so nothing is lost at all! You probably never woke up and regretted NOT drinking the night before...Using the daily check in first thing in the morning is the most useful tool i discovered here btw. Get a badge if you like (sidebar)....When you have a craving imagine the first drink and what follows afterwards. In my case that wasn't really all that great almost a chore. That helped me too so far and keeps me from glorifying a drunk night. ..Give it a try and i repeat there is absolutely no loss in not drinking just today!
Welcome and congrats on taking that first step! We are here to help and support you. You CAN do this ! I will not drink with you today. 
