-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zz8no/im_realizing_that_my_best_friend_is_not_helping/

Drinking is something that I've struggled with my entire adult life. Since the first time I picked up the bottle of Jim Beam from the cabinet above the refrigerator when I was sixteen and felt my first my first buzz really. I've had periods of sobriety here and there and really managed to accomplish a lot despite my drinking. It's always looked good on the "surface" of my life which made it that much easier to go running back to the bottle. *Just this one night won't hurt.* *I could stop drinking but I might as well have fun while I'm still in my twenties. I'll stop drinking tomorrow.* ..But inevitably the same cycle continues to repeat itself over and over again in my life. ..Wake up hungover swear the sauce off forever go a few days or maybe even weeks and then when I'm feeling good it's back to the bottle I go...I've grown extremely tired and worn out from this cycle. It's drained my energy it's drained my self worth it's taken so much from me. I'm ready to take all of that back. I'm ready to stop drinking and live without alcohol before I destroy my body and my life...In the last few years my best friend has been a woman who I used to work with. We began hanging out after we connected at a co-worker's party. At the time I really did not think of this woman as being any kind of way with alcohol because at the time I was drinking more than she was and she was drinking less than she currently is. ..Fast forward to now 2018. I have made several attempts over the past year to stop drinking alcohol. Since she lives less than a quarter mile from my home we have gotten really close. We both now work pretty much the same hours so it is easy to coordinate schedules and go to each other's houses to hang out. ..I've realized that she is "supportive" only to the point that is on the surface. When I bring up that I am going to stop drinking she says "Oh crazycatco I don't think you have a drinking *problem.* Are you sure you just don't want a *beer?*" Many times when I am on shaky ground I have taken her up on the offer full well knowing that I am in control of my own destiny. But I know I can get away with it if she is around and continue to bask in the lie that I can drink and everything will be fine and dandy...I've also noticed that her drinking has progressed to the point where she is continually drinking every night. She goes to the neighborhood liquor store every single day and drinks anywhere from 6-12 beers per night and on weekends she drinks shots of whiskey and beer. She casually mentions to me the other day that she has had a few beers when she woke up one Saturday whilst cleaning the house. ..When I try to hang out with her sober I just end up getting frustrated because she says that she wants to get together and then I hear from her several hours later when she's finally *ready*. She compartmentalizes her life and I feel like a second option in our friendship. She has a very insecure relationship with her significant other and  will cancel her plans to wait around for him when he wouldn't do the same for her. ..I'm realizing that I try to avoid her when I stop drinking but due to our proximity it is too easy to get together and then I soak up all of her negative energies. If I *am* feeling like drinking she's the first person who I call up because I know that I have an instant person who is going to support my decision to drink and I can "hide" over there and drink...But I've grown so sick of this cycle. It's just not healthy. I'm beginning to question if she really was my best friend or if she was merely someone whom I drank with. She seems to only care for her own agenda and I don't see her trying to make any true positive changes in her life situation. ..I was thinking yesterday much of who we are has to do with the people who we spend our time with. I don't want to spend my time around this type of energy anymore. I want to spend my time with people who are in a healthy place and want better for themselves. What are your thoughts? Did you have to change some friendships when you stopped drinking? ..&amp;#x200B;..I guess I'm just realizing that nothing changes if nothing changes..
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm beginning to question if she really was my best friend or if she was merely someone whom I drank with..Bingo...While I was sad and afraid of being lonely when I had to get rid of the toxic 'friends' (aka acquaintances that only wanted to drink with me) I knew that I'd never get sober if I kept their company...I *replaced* that time with new / other things: the gym tidying up the house learning new skills delving into work making new friends going to meetings etc.. ..In my experience making sobriety my priority and attending to my program every single day is what helps me keep going. Especially r/stopdrinking...Those 'friends' I had? Turns out that *they didn't want to face their own drinking problems*...Please keep posting :)..
For sure. There are people I don't hang out with anymore...This scared me at first. But change is inevitable. Even if I didn't sober up my friend group would inevitably change. There is no escaping that. ..The change is good though. I miss some of my friends but that's life.
I quit drinking for a year when I was younger. I was at prime bar going age. My friends didn't care that I wasn't drinking when I went out but I didn't want to go out. Bars weren't fun when you're sober and in your mid 20's. ..I'm off the booze again and my friends don't bother to call when it's time for a get together that's solely based around booze which is most gatherings it seems. To be fair to them I have a young family I'd rather be with though. ..Bottom line I've got drinking friends and doing stuff friends. Some friends are in both camps. It's up to me to decide who I hang out with and if their actions effect me. 
Definitely. Had just about the same experience. It was painful and I felt bad but I realized that I had outgrown our friendship. It was better for me to move on...and that is okay.
These people were just my implicit partners in crime not friends. 
I had a close friend distance themself from me when I quit. As time progressed they reached out and we hung out for an afternoon. They were very surprised that I didn't change as a person and did not talk non stop about quitting. I'm glad to have them back in my life.
\&gt; "Oh crazycatco I don't think you have a drinking *problem."*..People will generally deny that you have a problem because if you do they do. I had to leave all of these people behind. A few of them were also getting sober I'm in very light contact with them. 
I'm still friends with all my old drinking mates I just don't see as much of them any more. I tried going out with them and not drinking - it was ok but not really fun enough to make me want to repeat on a regular basis...It doesn't feel like a big deal we used to do a lot of drinking together - the way people do - now we don't but it just kind of feels like the next chapter...My wife drinks as do our local friends (here in deepest suburbia) to be honest it would be pretty weird if they all suddenly stopped...&amp;#x200B;
I decided to not tell anyone I was quitting. That way I couldn't blame them if it turned out they were actively trying to keep me drunk for whatever reason.  .The fact that I assumed they (still) didn't know I was getting drunk EVERY DAY and finding out I had such a habit would have been a shock more jolting then them hearing me say I was going to quit.  .Maybe I was wrong about them not knowing but whatever else is or isn't true I will not drink with you today. 39 days and counting.
You gotta look at friends for what they are. I have my friends I go to the movies with I have my friends I'll go to dinner with etc. She's a drinking friend. Doesn't mean she's a bad person. ..And in the end your sobriety is not her responsibility.  It's only yours unfortunately. 
