-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a05cmg/whoa_six_months_today_lessons_learned/

I haven't been stopping by here as much lately because not drinking has become more of a habit and less of a struggle. But I stopped by today and had a look at my badge and noticed that today is six months without a drink for me! The first three months were hard and I didn't know if I could make it this far. But here I am and it gets easier every day! Here are some quick reflections on what I've learned recently:...* Drinking is often about avoiding pain. Learning how to sit with my pain and just feel it or address the causes of my pain directly have helped me a lot. I mostly mean emotional pain but I also mean physical pain. As an example I've had a chronic toothache for years. When it would bother me in the past I would just go out and drink until I forgot about it. That worked but was also harmful. Once I stopped drinking the toothache became more persistent. So instead of drinking to numb it I went to the dentist and he fixed the bad fillings that were causing it. No more tooth pain. Lesson learned: take direct action to face and deal with pain instead of numbing the pain with alcohol...* Drinking doesn't really help socially. I've had a number of social situations since I quit drinking where I was one of the few sober people in the room. I felt the social anxiety. But I also carefully observed myself and the people who were drinking and realized that without alcohol I've become the calmest most self controlled person in the room. I've found a new confidence in this and even though I still feel social anxiety at times I also see how stupidly alcohol makes other people act and I feel great about the fact that I'm not drinking because I know being sober is giving me an edge and an advantage that the drunk people around me don't have. Lesson learned: Though it doesn't always feel like it social situations are actually much easier to navigate sober because you can be more sure of your actions...* Sober life is better and more full. This is true in so many ways. Since quitting drinking I've felt a lot more emotions (both good and bad) had a lot more self confidence (and also anxiety) had a lot more energy and time to pour into my pursuits and gotten a lot healthier both mentally and physically. I've had to deal with a loooot of aftermath of my drinking habits in terms of my health and social life. It's been very difficult and painful. But every day I can see my situation improving my health improving my self confidence improving and my ability to navigate relationships with others improving. Lesson learned: though moment to moment it doesn't always feel like it sober life gets better and better with time...Anyway I could ramble on for hours but the important thing if you're reading this is to know that I will not drink with you today and together we're gonna get sober as fuck and it's gonna be the time of our lives. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Wow congratulations on six months! That's so amazing. Thank you for sharing your lessons learned - they're helpful and encouraging. IWNDWYT!
Great post and congratulations on 6 months! Definitely an inspiration for me to continue on my path towards living a sober life. I like how you listed realistic benefits that are easy to understand and in my opinion I'm beginning to see these benefits myself already a little bit at a time. Keep up the good work! 
Great post and I'm glad to see that it's working out for you! I can't wait to be sober as fuck with you haha!
Thanks for the post! ..Reading these retrospective posts early on in sobriety is so important so I am very grateful that you have shared this with me and everyone else on SD. You're an inspiration! 
Congrats! Thanks for the list. It's definitely motivation to keep at it. 6 months is both a short and a long time and I'm stoked to think that I can have similar improvements in my life so soon. 
Brilliant post!! Thanks for that .Iwndwyt 
Thank you for this really inspiring post. I was sitting here this morning and allowing myself to think how mundane this journey is begi ning to become. Your post has helped to re-energise me. I wish that you had 'rambled on' some more  . If you get a minute please do post again over time. Thank you &amp; congratulations     
Im SAF right now. IWNDWYT.
Yay to sober as fuck!!!! IWNDWYT!
Great post and so true. I particularly empathise with the  sitting with the emotion' thing - I have become better at just feeling an emotion even if it's raw grief acute anxiety or deep regret. I used to grab a drink (or 10!) as soon as any of these appeared. I have learned it is not easy but contrary to my fears I did get through those times and to the other end. I see it as finally defragmenting my hard disk - sorting out old stuff to clear my mind for new better stuff...Congratulations on 6 months! IWNDWYT!
SAF- Love it!
I saw your earlier post about Naltrexone and thought about PMing you to ask your experiences. I got about a month's supply today for 104$ but now I'd like to see how well it works.  .Of course I'm sure there's a lot of other factors but dude. Good for you for getting as far as you have!
