-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a075kk/holy_smokes_im_done/

I don't think I've ever truly grasped what alcohol does to the brain until right now. It's 3:48 a.m. and I'm wide awake because I just had the weirdest experience. ..To preface I'm a weekend binge machine. I don't drink until Friday or Saturday but when I do it's always an expensive bender. On Friday I grabbed my first beer at 1 p.m. then proceeded to drink $70 worth until hugging a toilet at a friend's house. Then when I woke up I had to be at another friend's so I slammed down about 5 Heinies to keep the hair of the dog going. ..So I knew I'd be hungover. When I got home I went to bed probably around 7 p.m. Woke up from Round 1 around 3 hours ago and then kept trying to sleep again. ..At first I was fidgety...nauseaus...but nothing else. Here's where things get weird and I wonder how many of you may relate: ..My mind races during sleep when I'm coming off a hangover sometimes even the day after. It's like it's overactive because it's coming off a depressant so instead of having a clear mind I'll get a series of unwanted sometimes even super odd thoughts. This is combined with wacky dreams. ..But tonight was different. Just now I was in a sleep state where I was not quite asleep or awake and holy fucking shit y'all...I was seeing things hearing things...and then felt like in my dream I was having a seizure and literally was about to cry and run down to wake up my grandma and tell her something was wrong........until I woke up completely. I was going into a panic attack during my half-asleep state. I kind of laid on the bed and felt the adrenaline rush...but at least I was now back in a normal state of mind and awake so that was better than the hell I was dreaming. ..So I browsed my phone for a minute to calm down. It's the middle of the night so I have to put my brave face on and go back to sleep but I am actually afraid to sleep again right now. ..For weeks I have noticed that my sleep was coupling with odd sounds and thoughts when I was hungover but this was like the souped up version of that experience. I actually have had an auditory hallucination before 5 years ago while hungover and funny enough it prompted me to quit drinking for 3 years because I was having panic attacks and horrible hangovers. ..Alcohol really messes with the noggin. I know I've not drank enough to be concerned about withdrawals but these experiences really are enforcing the idea of what it can be like for those who are. I don't ever want to go down that road. ..I'm already grateful for this scary night as it's happening because I know what's best for me but until something like this happened I was going to be keeping on the weekend bender train. ..I have struggled with alcohol since turning 21. It's not black and white. Just because I don't drink every minute of every hour doesn't mean I don't have a problem. If I'm having terrifying dreams that feel like hallucinations I have a problem. ..I just got my shit together got a job managed to get my bank account over the red overdraft line that was meeting me every other weekend because of the booze I was buying and was just at a friend's house where nobody really drank but me even though it was a party. Lol..I don't have to have alcohol to have fun especially if the price to pay is nights like tonight. ..Anyways I needed to type this. I'm doing it. When I wake up IWNDWYT and then I'm going to keep down the path until I can say IWNDWYT to you folks every day. ..Game over alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

Were you able to move around in this state or were you paralyzed? Could be sleep paralysis or something alcohol related honestly what do I know. 
It's good that you wrote all this down. If you should ever get into meh-mode take a look at it and consider if you really *really* want to risk going into this again. I know I'm fed up with all my crap. IWNDWYT 
Messed up hangovers like that are what got me sober. I realized I was literally causing myself brain damage. Its frightening! Thanks for sharing and IWNDWYT!
Google  alcohol withdrawal. 
I followed a similar pattern of drinking. Towards the end of my drinking I also had auditory hallucinations and episodes of extreme paranoia. In fact the last time I drank it ended up being a 3-day spree that ended with me seriously contemplating checking myself into a mental hospital. Alcoholism truly is scary. I'm at a point now where I truly don't *want* to drink because for me to drink is to die. IWNDWYT. 
Seems like sleep paralysis I used to get this all the time. Once had an experience where my head was buzzing loud as a chainsaw and I felt "something" jump into my body causing me to shake. I said (or dreamed??) the Lord's Prayer and it stopped immediately.
I had something similar happen right after I quit drinking and it scared the shit out of me too. I think I even posted about it...the good news is that it was a one-time deal never happened again. Maybe try sleeping again tomorrow night when you're good and tired?
