-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a09k7s/day_two_first_post_in_sd/

So I've been lurking here reading all of your stories for a few months now. I've been aware of having a problem with alcohol for most of the last 20 years. I started binge drinking with friends in high school and really haven't stopped - I'm now 41. I've been lucky in the sense that I've never been an all day every day drinker but when I drink I don't stop. There is no such thing as moderation for me and to be honest I've known that for decades now. I've caused quite a bit of damage to my life through my drinking. While I've been lucky in that I've never been arrested never seriously hurt myself  (I have on many occasions ended up with gashes sprained limbs mysterious bruises etc.) or others and never directly been fired (It has certainly been a factor in some lost opportunities) because of alcohol - I know that my abuse of the drink has cost me a lot. It's time to make a permanent change. I know feel total sobriety is not only the right solution but it is something I now want more than anything in the world. ..I quit smoking in April and that helped facilitate a lot of positive health changes. I've gone back to running mountain biking lifting weights and playing basketball. There are all things I love (well the running not so much but it's fantastic exercise) and it's been great going back to a fit healthy athletic man. That said my weekly binge drinking is limiting my gains. I've also on multiple occasions when drunk smoked a few cigarettes. I've not gone back to buying them or smoking regularly but I know from quitting multiple times in the past it's just a matter of time before I buy that pack. I also struggle with my mental health (BPD anxiety depression OCPD) and heavy drinking is not only harming any recovery I can make from these things but it's flat out dangerous. I shouldn't be drinking on the medication I'm on at all and more than once I've almost landed myself in jail (manic blackout episodes). ..Long story short I'm ready to stop. I made it 33 days earlier in the year after reading This Naked Mind and I felt great. Why I went back I'm not sure - We all know just how insidious this addiction can be. I'm ready to go all out on this and that's why I'm writing this post - I've been lurking here through previous attempts and I think it will be helpful to actually speak up and participate in this group. I'm planning on attending a local SMART meeting next Friday instead of having 15 pints starting in the local pub and ending in my apartment waking up the next day unsure of what I've done spending the day recovering and doing damage control. ..I've had enough of damage control. I've had enough of just surviving. It's time to get everything out of life I can - I've had a lot of luck in this life and I'm actively throwing that out the window through one destructive addiction. So thanks for having me. ..IWNDWYT. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! The future is bright  
Thank you for sharing your story with us! I'm the same way - not an everyday drinker but moderation is impossible. Not knowing what I've done the night before is the worst feeling. Sometimes enough is enough. Best of luck to you - you can do this! IWNDWYT!!
Welcome! IWNDWYT 
Very similar to my drinking habits as well.  Think of the exercise gains you'll get when you're not drinking 1-2 days worth of extra calories in a week plus the snacking that goes with it!  IWNDWYT
Welcome! I wish you the very best on your journey. Running is my ally in sobriety.  Keep going...you can do this! IWNDWYT 
