-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0e021/my_moms_manchild_of_a_husband_is_testing_my/

I quit drinking 5 months ago. ..I moved back in with my parents to transition get support and to work on my health. ..My mom is now a nurse which is really cool. She is now working on weekends leaving her manchild of a husband at home alone. She absolutely cannot have us distracting her at work. ..Manchild keeps sneaking out and buying beer. Any alcohol and stress can trigger his seizures. He takes Ativan to stop the seizures. Repeat. ..So basically he's a grown ass man with NO hobbies no impulse control and no self regulation. ..How in the hell do I get through to him before I relapse? ..This behavior is ridiculous. I've been pretty much an alcoholic since I was 16 for 10 years. I have poor impulse control and can't say no. I've abandoned my friends my social outings and even changed how I go grocery shopping. I've changed everything to avoid drinking. I still think about it all the time i still have dreams of drinking. Last night I almost drank some of the drinking sherry in our cabinet. I don't want to do that. ..Do I bring him to AA? Do i try and help him find hobbies? I'm so lost. Please help. I can't support my own sobriety and his. .
----------immediate responses--------

It's not your job to support his sobriety.  AA is a selfish program.  I only focus on myself I can't control others drinking/habits. Congrats on the 5 months
To tag onto what GrapeAlly said. There was nothing or no one that could make me stop. I had to make that decision for myself. 
You seem pretty down on him but the way you describe yourself you're no prize either.  ...I'd focus on myself.
This is so tough. I'm sorry you're having to deal with this dude who's active in his addictions while you're dealing with yours. ..I do AA and they say in the program that we have to be  willing to go to any lengths to get sober . It doesn't make the pathways any easier but sometimes it makes them a lot clearer to me. ..My advice would be to sit down and think about your options. If you stay there you can't control his drinking so you'll have to figure out a way to try and cope with it. If moving out is an option you'll have to consider what that entails (like finding a job how to balance that with sobriety etc). ..I usually make a list of my options and do an inventory of benefits and possible problems and also how they would affect others. I want to make sure I'm not causing any new harm even though I'm sober. 
Only he can decide to stop. Don't even try to get him sober he is not your responsiblility. .Take care of yourself let your mom worry about him. 
