-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0ggqi/on_a_brink_of_relapse/

Hello everyone.  ..So im just gona vent a bit. currently 130days sober but for the last month I have been fighting my gambling addiction and depression hard. I got 0 friends  no girlfriend but a great job witch I love but with prolonged loneliness depression and gambling addiction I feel like Im on the verge of losing probably the most precious thing I have - my sobriety. ..I know that if I drink I will lose my job fast and might aswell hang myself so for me to drink is to die literally. Not gonna give up easily but the pressure from all the shit in my life has reached  a critical point. Im sending hugs to all of you people that are dealing with depression  addiction or loneliness.  
----------immediate responses--------

You have friends here! Just dont drink today. IWNDWYT
It can't rain forever my friend. You've had the strength to make it here I believe in you. One day at a time don't overwhelm yourself and overcomplicate it...IWNDWYT
[removed]
Reaching out is the right move. To realize that to drink is to die is a fact that I am constantly aware of. I have unhealthy gambling habits as well. To quote AA literature;  liquor is but a symptom  depression and other issues all wrap themselves into an impossible way of life. .I have to not put any conditions on my sobriety not a job relationships nothing. I have to maintain a support network of other sober friends (I use AA) but there are many options to get to this end. I know that to drink is to die. Even though I know a drink will eventually lead to ruining my life career relationships and put me in a place of mental hopelessness that is still not enough. I don't drink because I like life itself exponentially better when I'm sober. .PM if there's anything you might think I could offer. .IWDWYT. 
You can fight this.  One day at a time.  If that's too much then an hour at a time.  If that's too much a minute at a time.  Don't give in or it will amplify everything else.  I can't wait to get 130 days.  You have done so much.  Keep fighting I believe in you.  I will not drink with you today.
I'm so sorry you're struggling. I hope the depression eases for you. And when you're lonely I hope you keep reaching out to us. . .IWNDWYT 
We are your friends! Stay strong!! I will not drink with you tonight  
