-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0hz2s/i_am_22_and_struggling/

It's been a long long time since i can remember going to sleep sober. It started mid my bachelors and it has only gotten worse since i graduated last year.   .I'm currently even in another country away from all of the things i thought were stressing me out. i still cant seem to pull myself out of the trap of \*just a little one\* Because after i start i dont stop until i fall asleep...I'm currently writing this with a heavy head and really really want to change my habits. i dont think i'm strong enough though. one bad thought of my ex makes me want to drink until the sun comes up. i'm over 3000 miles from her and if i'm being true to myself she is my main trigger for drinking every night. How can i overcome this and deal with all the negative feelings and thoughts without a bottle of gin and half a bottle of vodka. i wish i was strong enough to say to myself no not tonight. but it always ends up as one too many. I'm destroying my health and relationships with friends and i cant stop. where should i start?? please someone reach out 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I went to AA years ago. It wasn't a magic bullet by any means: here I am...It provided me with an alternate view though. I just went to an open meeting because I figured I had nothing to lose and it was a convenient way to fill part of my evening to prevent me from drinking...Mostly what I got out of it is that there are other people struggling with the same shit: I mean the stories you can hear at those meetings gave me perspective. I don't mean in the 'I' m not *that* bad ' kind of way but hey look: this sucks for everyone who is dealing with it. Most of the time I found myself laughing because I knew exactly what the story was because it was *my* story.  ..It really was life fuel. I mean there are some cheesy aspects to meetings but you are gonna hear something that will help I know it. Those cliches sound cheesy because they are common sense and they are the kind of thing that I had forgotten somewhere along the way.  You might hear someone else's reason to drink and how they started on the road to recovery. Just knowing it is possible and knowing that there are people who genuinely *get it* really helped me in the end. 
Welcome friend. Knowing that I am not alone was a big step for me. Allowing myself to reach out and ask for help was the next step. Keep coming back. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Welcome InTheRooms.org has on line AA meetings several times a day which may be an option. They are interative via your web cam if you choose to speak. I have seen others who were away from their home countries or isolated from meetings participating. Full disclosure I get lots of email meeting reminders but thats not always a bad thing. IWNDWYT
Yeah dude I was in the exact same boat as you. Same age similar story...I almost died a few times from alcohol because of it I was so hurt from my ex and didn't think there would be any life out of what we had. Worst days of my life without a doubt. Yeah it's been like 2 years I still think about her often but I'm sober from alcohol for almost 4 months now! Been to several states and countries since I left her and got with beautiful woman too ...You can do this but it's gonna suck be a man and suck up to it asides from the physical symptoms you must grow your mind and self discipline it's the only way bud...Once you're out the other way you'll know you're a stronger man. Good luck we are here. And I will absolutely not drink with you today.
This might sound stupid but the best way to avoid drinking is to constantly stay busy with other things...(i did say it sounds stupid but it works). You say that you usually start drinking at night right? Well then just get yourself a nice hobby or something like hanging out with your friends (ones who don't drink) or if you're a bit of an introvert like me get into gaming... granted now my drinking addiction has turned into a bit of a gaming one :P ... Hope this helps
