-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0j5xf/looking_in_the_mirror_and_seeing_the_damage/

I used to hate being mistaken for younger than I was but now my baby face is well and truly gone. I look ten years older than I actually am at least! I just can't believe the damage I've done. My hair my skin my teeth...they all look terrible. Everything has been so neglected. The thought of trying to crawl back up into decent physical shape is really daunting. I feel old...I made an eye appointment today so I could get a test done. I'm just scared. Was anyone else absolutely horrified when they finally took stock of how their body was doing? I know it could be so much worse but it's horrifying in its own way. You spend so long thinking that tomorrow will be the day that you make a change and suddenly years and years worth of tomorrows catch up with you all at once and you realise you look like a mess. So much for that pride in being a high functioning "no-one can tell" type of person! The veil of delusion has been torn. I look like shit! I want to go back and ask past me that thought she looked fine who she thought she was kidding...Thank you for reading this ramble. Y'all are great. I hope everyone is having a good day and tomorrow is better for those who are struggling and dealing with any bad stuff. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's pretty amazing how much better I look after only just a few days.  Especially my eyes and facial area.  It's what I can't see - inside my body - that I worry about the most.  
Yeah I have this feeling too of wanting to go back and ask that person how the hell they thought they looked presentable. I'm going to suggest it was because I used alcohol as emotional comfort - who cares what you look like when everyday has a fuck it attitude to it. Feels great to see the benefits of sobriety every day. They keep revealing themself slowly and surely. Drink a lot of water.
I went to the dentist after 8 years. Woof.
Drinking poison can really take a toll on our bodies can't it?    .    .The good news is that even after a few days of quitting things will start to change. Our bodies are amazingly resilient machines that have the ability to bounce back. Your eyes will become clearer (dark circles will vanish) you will lose weight your liver will begin to repair itself etc. Unless you're turning yellow with liver failure it's not too late!
You are not alone. Smoking drinking heavily and doing drugs for years has ruined my face and body. I look so old yet I am in my early twenties. At least this is a wake up Call! I wish you the best
The good news is that a lot of the things that make the biggest difference - bloating dull/dry skin redness - go away pretty quickly when we quit and start taking better care of ourselves. Three weeks in someone who I respect told me I was "glowing". I can also tell a difference in my skin (usually by this time in winter it'd be cracking and bleeding) and in how my clothes fit. 
I looked like a truck had run me over when I quit drinking. Jaundice is not a cute on anyone. ..Once I got back on my feet I began being proactive with my health which in turn has been great for my looks! Starting with a simple 20 min (at least) walk each day really helped me get into the groove of working out... and making sure to carve out time to actually be active. My hair is full again... in fact about a year or so into sobriety my hairdresser commented on my new "baby hairs"! ..You'll look and feel better soon(ish)... it took me 4 months before I began being active and actually enjoying sober living. It's just another test of your patience. ;) Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. .
Yes - the sight of my face in the mirror on the day I got sober will stay with me forever. I had had a lump on my throat for 9 months before getting sober- and it took me a few months of being sober to go get it checked. When I found out it was nothing . . . I felt like a death row prisoner pardoned. Enjoy your trips to the doctor the dentist etc they can feel like such profound keys to a new life:-) Good luck to you:-)
I've been wresting with this a lot lately. I know that my over indulgence had an impact on my body and as I age well my age is starting to show. I've always  looked young  so this is taking some getting used to...I will say that for the most part my hair has recovered. The last time I was at the hairdresser's she noted that  my hair looked the best it's looked  since I've been going to her (six years). But it is thinner than it was twenty years ago not enough that a casual observer would notice but of course I notice. ..Ironically me taking control of my health has exacerbated some of the things that bother me. Case in point: I've finally stopped filling my body with sugar (a good thing) and have lost a nice amount of weight (around 40lbs or so). But now I have some loose skin to deal with it just doesn't snap back the way it did when I was younger. And some of the loose skin is in the neck area. I have welcomed many scarves into my life helpful accessories! ..Overall I'm trying to use this a a focus for my meditations on impermanence (Everything changes. Nothing lasts forever. Etc.) And to be kind to myself. So instead of cursing my turkey neck I decorate it with beautiful scarves and rub fancy lotion on it at night. Positive thoughts! 
