-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0lfe7/please_help_me_help_me_realize_i_have_a_problem/

I have been struggling with severe drinking for a year. I've let it consume so much of my personality and change my life for the worse. Yet I always always find a way to rationalize it. Between fleeting moments of clarity I can always find an excuse for my drinking...It wasn't enough that I was recently hospitalized during a drunken night where I cut myself so badly I needed 21 staples and spent a week in a psych ward. It was a reaction to my bad med change I keep telling myself. But my meds didn't force me to drink night after night. That was me. ..It wasn't enough that I've lost multiple jobs and fell out of touch with all my friends. That's because no one returned my texts I tell myself. But they did. Ive been too absorbed in my self-pity party...It wasn't enough that I've gained nearly 30 pounds in a year. The weight gain has pushed me into a depression worse than I've ever experienced. I don't want to hang out with friends or go back to my therapist now that I'm fat. I don't want anyone to see me...I have an excuse for everything because I don't want to admit the real problem. I love to drink but i let it control my life. Please tell me that this is not going to get better like I keep pretending. I don't know what to do anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this! I'm new in my sobriety  and I can't tell you how much better I feel. If I can do this you can do this. If someone would have told me I wouldn't have a drink this long I would have asked if I was dead or in jail. ..I gained 80 pounds in a year- yes 80. The depression was so consuming. I would just sit on the couch wasted thinking about suicide. I didn't want anyone to see me. I'd sit in pajamas for days chugging wine. The weight made my entire body ache. I was so so sad. ..Fast forward only 3 weeks......I've lost an entire double chin. My face was so red and bloated. I haven't weighed myself on the scale yet (I'm waiting for 30 days) but I promise you I've lost weight. My body just feels lighter. ..My sisters keep complimenting me even with zero makeup saying I look so good and that I'm fun to be around. I was such a bitch at family parties and to them    I just disliked myself so much. . .I get up and move it's definitely an adjustment with friends but I communicate with people on this sub if I'm feeling lonely. (These people/ this sub have kept me sober and made me feel like I was apart of something special ) ..My sleep my anxiety my depression all have improved in ways I can't even describe. I still have a long way to go. Some days are tough. I didn't realize how much my drinking had affected me mentally But I feel so much fucking better!!! I feel so much emotion writing this I could cry trying to explain how much better I feel. I want to take your hand and beg you to walk with me cause I'm telling you this has changed my life and we are talking about 19 days!!! . .So much love to you  .....
For me drinking never got better -- only worse. It took me years to figure out that alcohol was a common denominator among many of my issues (tobacco / other-substance use anxiety self-loathing isolation lack of focus etc.). It also fostered a "pack" mentality. I followed a pack of people who I ultimately didn't care about. We just got f'ed up together. No wonder I felt alone af! ..
I found that I had to change the way I looked at drinking. I love drinking I love almost everything about it. But drink didn't love me. It was slowly destroying my life and killing me. I came to realise that I was pretty ignorant about alcohol and what it does to me. The more I learnt the less I wanted to drink.   ..The books  Alcohol Explained  by William Porter and  This Naked Mind  by Annie Grace made a big difference. I would highly recommend them...The youtube talk by Kevin McCauly that was uploaded at the beginning of this year called  The Brain and Recovery: An update on the Neuroscience of Addiction  was very informative...If you want to scare yourself then the youtube documentary "Raining in my Heart" is a very bleak look at the end game. 
