-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0m2qx/im_so_goddamn_tired_and_miserable/

I don't even get hangovers anymore. I'm just left with crippling regret and terrifying anxiety. The benders are all the same now; I know how they're going to end: a sleepless night of sweating with the circular repeated thoughts. I feel like I need to stay drunk to avoid that pain just making things unbearable when I finally do sober up. The cycle is exhausting... I started seeing a therapist after Labor Day and we're making some real progress but in some ways that contributes to the problem. I convince myself that I can handle drinking. I'm talking about/thinking about stuff I haven't gone in depth about in a long time and even though she gives me coping strategies to use outside of therapy I'm not using them the way I should be. She gave me an "experiment" to set a time to go without drinking. I picked to go sober for 11 days and it wasn't a struggle. The fact that I did it so easily was "proof" that I could totally handle drinking--that I had earned the right to get drunk again. And here I am. The same anxiety. The same guilt and shame. The same self-loathing. ..I hate Thanksgiving and I wanted this year to be different... better. My cousin was staying with us (his kids were at my parents' house so that indicates the dynamic). He showed up late on Tuesday and immediately chugged a ton of beers and I discovered he was snorting percocets  (and he denies it's a problem but I don't know about that). Set the tone for the following days to say the least. I make my own bad choices but the pressure was real. He wanted to see our town which really just meant he wanted to go out drinking at three breweries. ..So it's Monday and it's cold and raining. I feel horrible. I forced myself to go to work after touring potential nursing homes for my partner's grandma. I'm trying to be supportive of him without adding to the stress. And I'm failing. My therapist advised me not to beat myself up about the last week but how can I really take that advice? I need to get my shit together. I want to like myself again. ..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

This too shall pass. Legally speaking it could be worse. Get with somebody that loves you and hangout no drinking  you don't have to talk just be with someone. 
Every now and then time get tough and we try to numb our emotions with alcohol or other substances. We conveniently forget that it's those same emotions that make us human. It sucks but you have to feel the pain and take it straight. I hope things get better and I hope this helps. IWNDWYT 
oh god I can't believe I am going to say this with complete sincerity and as a knee jerk reaction but...progress not perfection. It's a struggle for sure but that's where the change comes! IWDWYT. 
Well done on the 11 days! Don't beat yourself up. Alcohol is interwoven with a lot of feelings situations emotions and you're working on untangling all of that. Be angry at alcohol and not at yourself. Also I find forcing positive thinking into even the bad mornings and the day ones makes me a better person a more positive person who doesn't deserve to be abused by alcohol. I will not drink with you today.
I believe in you. Be in the solution instead of contributing to the problem. I need to remind myself to keep it that simple and be gentle with myself. And so it is with you. Practice being gentle and kind to yourself. You've been through a lot. You are going to be okay. You are doing better than you are feeling. We are here for/with you. Day one for me. Again. And it's okay. Sending virtual hug.....IWNDWYT!!!
Lapses happen. I lapsed myself last night and today is very much a practice in self compassion. Its the way we pick ourselves up after that matters...&amp;#x200B;..Be kind to yourself. Its hard. But try. And take it one day/hour/minute at a time.
