-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0t0iu/3_am_sober_rant/

I cannot fall asleep due to high anxiety. I recently relapsed and made an absolute ass of myself so I keep replaying things I can remember from that night and all of the other shameful things I've done in my almost 27 years of living. I really really want to take something to help me fall asleep. So much so that I left my house to go buy sleeping pills but I stopped myself halfway to the store and turned around. I'm letting the anxiety happen now not trying to numb it with substances. As the thoughts come and go I'm thinking of things I want to do today that will make me happy that doesn't involve me drinking or sleeping my anxiety away. Not judging anyone that has to take sleeping pills by the way I just abuse them. I always take more than the recommended dose so it's another vice for me. End of my little rant I'm just proud that I stopped myself from buying the pills because even though it's not booze it's another crutch I use when I want to relax and temporarily forget about my issues. I will gladly not drink with y'all today and hopefully my sleep will get back on track naturally. 
----------immediate responses--------

My sleep got back to normal after a week or two and then became something bordering on magical. I used to be so afraid of going to sleep when I was drinking. Now it's a one of the best parts of the day!
Ugh - sleep during the initial stages of detoxing from alcohol and then re-learning sobriety sux. But trust me - it comes back and I now fall asleep really fast and into a beautiful sleep. It's wonderful!.You should be really proud of yourself for having acknowledged the urge to get sleeping pills and for them doing something about it - I.e. turning around and not getting/taking any..Have you tried listening to a boring podcast or reading to help with sleep? Also I found the supplement Magnesium really helpful in the early days to quieten my mind and relax me. It's completely natural and you're body might just be a bit depleted of its natural magnesium supply. Might be worth a try?.Also there are very soothing/calming/relaxing meditation or sleep apps that you can get these days. I can't remember the name that I used but it really helped. .Good luck and stay strong - you're going through the tough part right now and it might seem impossible but if you stick to it it WILL get easier and better! And it's so so so worth it!
Your anxiety and sleep will return to normal after you pass through the withdrawal period. Hang in there. 
Anxiety will slowly fade away. Avoid too Much caffeine and try to get some exercise two or three times a week.  Lifting weights and running helped a lot. Keep at it!! You can do it!!
