-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0vjmb/reflections_after_30_days/

So 30 days ago I stopped lurking made a Reddit account and did my original post. Committing to stopping drinking happened rather spontaneously and while hungover and feeling sorry for myself...So here's some things I've noticed in this time:..- After 12 years of drinking it was scary to think of stopping. Like it was part of my identity and seemed to just be part of life. On the first few days I would over think this. It turns out saying that I'm 'not drinking at the moment' helped me look at it more rationally...- My everyday anxieties have noticibly reduced and the anxiety from hangovers is gone. I am in general more in the present moment of my life...- I only told a few close friends because I didn't want to make a big deal about it (see point 1) They were all accepting of it...- My life feels more consistent. I'm not wanting to possibly not do anything this weekend because I'm tired or hungover so it's been easier to build habits like going to the gym improving oral health etc...- I feel quite accomplished and proud of the fact that I have done something different and kept to it. This has motivated me to look at kicking other habits such as drinking soda junk food and sending my life staring at either my phone or computer screen...If you look at my post history I have had some struggles and a lot of 'fear of missing out' but for the most part it's been a very positive journey...- I feel healthier in general not just mentally but phsyically as well.  ..There are still things I want to work on in my life but I feel this has been a great starting point to reaching other goals too...I have found this subreddit to be so helpful and I've read posts almost every day...So thank you everyone and I hope your journey is going well..
----------immediate responses--------

100% the way I feel now I'm a week behind you but I can see the benefits now. The world is so different when you're present for it. Priorities change insights change things that seemed completely unreachable now seem way more in your grasp...Sober on! 
Good job! A lot of what you said is very similar to my experience so far its not easy but the benefits are numerous!
Congratulations. 30 days is awesome!
Congratulations on the 30 days. IWNDWYT!
