-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0vsp4/i_may_have_just_lost_the_girl_of_my_dreams_to_my/

Hi everyone. I just need to get this off my chest and I don't have the ability to go to a meeting right now. ..I'm  an addict. Have been for almost 13 years. My drug of choice was opioids. I struggle heavily with social anxiety and depression. Opioids made me feel free from that burden. I was hooked the moment o got ahold of my first 40mg oxy. I spent years trying to chase the high and as a result wound up with a felony and nearly died. I was arrested countless times for violating probations by dropping dirty. Finally for my last go around my judge revoked my probation and sentenced me to one year in the county jail. After I got out I was lost. I was still on probation for a separate charge so getting high wasn't an option but when I was released almost 10 month in on tether the suboxone I had brought up the jail was given back to me. They wouldn't give it to me in the jail...I failed to do the right thing and dispose of the meds. But I stuck to suboxone and managed to finally get a job and became a good employee for the first time in my life. I've struggled with alcohol benzodiazepines and relapsed once onto heroin. I completed probation successfully however but I was so erratic that I got drunk and high on Ativan at work and quit my job. This was a wake up call and I got a new job in a city an hour away...I began experimenting with dating for the first time in my life. One good relationship with a girl I didn't love and a fling with a girl I was crazy for who didn't want me the same way. I still continued to drink moderately infrequently. I got a medical marijuana card and experimented with psychedelics. I was under control. I got promoted at my new job to supervise the department. This new confidence attracted the girl I'd had my eye on since I'd been working there...But I also have neglected to even attempt to have a real social life. I stayed away from anyone I used to know in my old life and survived off conversations with my friends at work with whom I never hung out off the job. ..Well I couldn't believe it when I hung out with her the first time. She was getting out of a bad marriage but I could tell she was done with him long before. I was worried however she might not be able to live with the risk of being with someone like me so as we got to know each other and I got comfortable I slowly started explaining my story. She made me feel better than any drug in the world about myself and it was clear I made her feel the same way. She was completely accepting of all my baggage. She told me she wanted a serious relationship but that we should take it slow. Well here I am a couple months later writing this from the apartment we've been sharing together for about a month. ..When she told me she was ok with my past I had a hard time believing it but she assured me. I almost had a breakdown due to the anxiety of having to get to know her son who I love in my own way and he obviously loves me too. I had a week where I wasn't the same and I begged her to break up with me if I ever relapsed onto opioids. She appeared concerned but told me she would stand by me. After I had used Xanax the week before my meltdown I realized that I had to cut that out for good. ..I had the week of thanksgiving off and I told her I was going to taper myself off of kratom which I had switched to from suboxone in the late spring. I blame some of my anxiety on the constant ups and downs as I had to dose about every four hours and I would experience some withdrawals before I could dose again quite frequently. Not major withdrawals but add on all the stress and it definitely wasn't helping. Well I tapered quote well the first half of the week but when I decided to go to thanksgiving with her and her ex husbands family I stayed using more again and also I drank a pint or more of liquor Thursday Friday and Saturday. I drank to kill the pain because I could tell something was wrong after my meltdown. She wouldn't tell me what it was and gradually started to shut me out entirely...I tried to give her her space never getting upset with her and trying to get her to open up to me. Well earlier this morning when I went to say goodbye before I headed home (she switched shifts to 3rd from 2nd I still work 2nd) I finally got her to tell me what's going on. She said she needed space and that her friends boyfriend having recently relapsed onto hard drugs after getting off probation made it too stressful to have me around for right now. ..I am devastated. We are on a break but I'm so scared that I've fucked up the best thing that's ever happened to me by being to cocky that I was in control and moving too fast with this beautiful woman. I love her so much and I know that we can get through this...But I have to stop drinking. I've already stopped taking drugs other than cannabis and kratom but I believe I need to quit at least the kratom for good and cut down or quit entirely the cannabis. ..I don't care anymore about getting high. She's all I need. I have to do this for myself however. She makes me believe I can have a life worth living. Before her I thought I'd be alone or with girls I didn't love. Life was simply existing. But I care about both of us too much to waste anymore time if she doesn't think she can live with me...Facing the possibility of losing her is my wake up call. But to save us I need to do this for me. I need to learn to love myself before I can love her. And I really thought I did love myself but I realized that even though I was feeling great about myself before her I still had a lot of hang ups. I look down on myself for being inexperienced with women and that drives my drug use. How can I forgive myself for that? I know it doesn't make me less than anyone else and I know I am a great partner when I'm clean. I've seen the proof in the amazing whirlwind of love we  had before my anxiety about my inexperience almost destroyed me and us...For anyone who's bothered to read this all thank you. I have been up crying all night. We decided to re-evaluate after a month apart and when she gets back from visiting her family out of state for Christmas if I can't love myself yet I have to be strong. I am determined not to let this ruin me no matter what she decides but I still can't imagine forgiving myself if I've lost her for good. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Whether you've lost her or not you haven't lost YOU. Your recovery is the most important issue and the absolute best thing you can do for yourself. If you put your energy into worrying on this relationship you could begin a self hate spiral possibly impacting your other relationships or employment or even triggering a relapse. ..Try to focus on your health and self improvement. If you love her you'll want to be the best partner you can be for her and that sort of change takes time. Give her space to deal with her own issues while you handle yours who knows what the future holds. ..I hope you find peace and always remember that you deserve a life of happiness free of the burden of addiction. 
There's a whole lot to unpack here. I am not sure if this sub is equipped to give you the help and advice that you need. I would suggest seeing a general psychologist that also may specialize in addiction. Getting therapy was one of the best things that I have ever done for myself.
This is a sub to deal with alcohol related issues.  However all addictions follow the same path.    Based on the information you have provided you haven't lost her.  Sounds like she is smart and realized that she needed to take a step back before your issues destroyed what you have.  You need to deal with these issues on your own.   Why are you using?  Maybe a psychiatrist would be able to sort out what the root cause is...&amp;#x200B;..Good luck.
Bud you're really putting your mind through a whirlwind. It's kinda like confusing yourself and her ya know. Not being judgemental I've just been there. Try the drug of sobriety bud it's awesome! One day at a time. Keep us updated!
