-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0xeji/should_i_go_back_to_aa/

Like the title says  im wondering if I should go back to AA. I had 9 month sober then slowly started skipping meeting and finally started smoking weed again. I didnt see it at the time but weed makes me want to smoke it all day everyday and put me in a depressive confuse mood of I dont have it. This led me to a one day relapse on alcohol. The morning after I when back to aa for two months and I have quit going since. I started ressenting going to meetings the pressure to be of services and they way my sponsor would be mad at me for not calling him everyday. I did 6 months sober and actually felt better than when I went to aa. ..I lowered my guard and started smoking cannabis again ( it is now legal in canada ) I figured  why not  Ill only smoke once in a while..Well.. it quickly turn into my old addict patterns. My stable life became really unstable  started calling sick to work  stopped self-care  stopped going to the gym. Depressed I drank 3 days ago. I have not touch it since but Im so ashamed of myself I was sure I was done with this. Now all the AA slogan are coming back to me. Its a chronic disease I have to go to meetings for life since they are my "medication"...My mind is racing I cant believe that I put down the drain 6 months again. I dont want to go trough all this again : getting my relapse chip  going in front reading aa things  calling my sponsor ect . I hated it so much but at the same time it did help me tons. I made friends there but man I feel so sad when I think all my life is going to be about recocery. I personally dont get the 12 steps. Read the big book from cover to cover and still think its a really old program that dont resonate with me...I know its a long post but I needed to vent  hoping someone here can help me see clearly trough the fog. .. ..
----------immediate responses--------

For me meetings and a sponsor and the programme are about accountability. Suddenly I became accountable to a group through meetings an experienced sobernaut through sponsorship and to myself and a higher power through working the programme. 
There are many pathways to recovery.  AA is one option there are others.  Smart Recovery Refuge Recovery Life Ring. There are many support groups on line also.  I had to decide I wanted to live a sober life.  I had relapsed in the past always thinking there was some way around sobriety that would be acceptable.  This time I'm all in.  I'm open to any support resources.  I know when and where there a face to face meetings I have phone apps this sub reading materials etc.  Sobriety is more than not drinking for me.  It's about embracing life as it unfolds.  I've also found that I'm have less anxiety and more peace of mind.  Getting buzzed up everyday used up a lot of my brain with all the planning doing and recovering and all the other shit connected to it.  Get a plan and stay with it we're here for you lost.  The sun is on the other side of the fog 
It sounds like you feel bad it sounds like you know the reason it sounds like your inner voice is telling you to seek out support.   It sounds like a good idea to me.  Going to AA certainly won't hurt right?
Understand the steps actually isn't as important as just taking them.  It's a program of action not knowledge.  I've been sober for years being straight edge or because I was compliant with my medications.  Eventually I found loopholes and drank again.  I was self righteous or in self pity as well. However I was sober.  So there's lots of ways to be sober.  I find life to be joyous and serene having taken the steps and working the program of AA in my daily life.  Sobriety can be as good as you want it to be.
AA doesn't always work for everyone maybe it isn't for you?  That said I know a LOT of people who were in and out for years before they finally felt they got the program and it resonated so it isn't like you have no hope there.  I've always been of the opinion that getting sober is a shitload of hard work so if had damn well better be enjoyable.  If it isn't enjoyable for you maybe try another program or change sponsors or change meetings or whatever you need to enjoy the work it takes to be sober.  Best of luck.
AA did help me in the beginning. I try to take the positives out of every situation and discard what is not of use to me. I completely feel you when you say you do not want your life to be about recovery to me it felt like a burden. I did do AA for the first 6 months and then called it a day have gone sober now for 13 years without it. That being said the lessons learned have gotten me this far. The 12 steps can be 'followed' in a different way (basically anything that is constructive and positive). Meditation mindfulness or simply doing good or whatever floats your boat. Also there are alternatives to AA that approach it differently which might be more appealing to you. .Also!: 6 months are not down the drain these months have been a necessity and a life lesson make use of it. 180 days of non-drinking vs 1 day of drinking. Don't beat yourself up incorporate your experiences into a new battle plan.
&gt;I personally don't get the 12 steps..I'm not an AA-goer myself but I've enjoyed the book 'Recovery' by Russell Brand which is his take on the 12 steps presented in much more accessible language.....It's very similar to the '[12 Fucked Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2401x3/the_12_fucked_steps/) actually which doesn't leave much room for misunderstanding at all!..The audiobook 'Recovery' is on YouTube if you fancy a listen.....Perhaps resources like that would help you to better understand the 12 steps which are perfectly sensible it's just all the mentions of 'Higher Power' and whatnot which folks tend to find offputting.....Best of luck with whatever you decide to do!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I kept going back til l got it...I agree the big book is dated in places but still has a lot of truth...The steps are just tools to help stay sober and be happy about it.   I needed them to help me change the things that  made  me drink and get high.
do what works.
Hope you find what works. Plenty of people go in and out of AA until it finally sticks.
