-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0zo5z/time_to_cook_dinner/

I'm starting to cook and realized that I haven't cooked dinner without drinking booze in I don't know how long.  Struggling right now so I figured I'd stop what I was doing and reach out to all you wonderful people.  
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have some other drinks around that you like? I'm a big LaCroix fan. 
I've started making what my daughter calls pink drink. In a wine glass seltzer with a healthy splash of cranberry (or Pom) and another healthy splash of lemon. I make it tart enough to encourage sipping so that it behaves like wine. ..Only downside is my daughter is now also hooked and wants her own pink drink whenever I make myself one. 
I understand what you are going through and I can honestly say that for me once dinner is on the table and eaten all of my cravings go away. Stay strong! What are you cook btw?
I struggled with that also! I drank lots of sparkling water watched youtube videos or Netflix sang along loud with songs called someone  during cooking dinner instead of drinking. Maybe I'm weird but it worked for me :). Now I don't miss it anymore. Changing the habit. You can do it. IWNDWYT
I was thinking about this exact thing on my way home! ..I grew up in a family of teetotalers (those lucky mofos) so we always drank sparkling grape juice for fancy dinners or special occasions. I used to look so forward to it. ..I replaced it with wine for a long time...but now...I guess you could say I'm back to my old habits. ;-) Oh and being an adult means I don't have to wait for a holiday to indulge.
I didn't have any la croix in the fridge! Rookie mistake!  Threw a couple in the fridge to have during dinner and made myself some green tea instead. 
I'm the same as soon as I'm in the kitchen cooking. I start craving a drink to sip on.  It's been rough especially with fussy kids pulling on me while I'm trying to get dinner on the table but sparkling water has been helpful and I found this great list of non alcoholic cocktails I can't wait to try [BA: non alcoholic drinks](http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/slideshow/homemade-nonalcoholic-cocktails) 
