-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a10474/stressful_day/

In the last week every day has been pretty good and even on those good days I struggled not to drink but did abstain everyday. ..Today I'm having a pretty rough day and all I want to do is shoot whiskey and drink beer until I can't walk. Instead of doing that though I'm going to try to be productive and clean the house finish reading my book and go to my support group in a few hours. ..I'm feeling very anxious and really really wanting a drink. It's been 17 days since my last drink and I will not drink today either. I guess I just wanted to vent a little to some people who would understand.
----------immediate responses--------

I definitely understand! I've had days like that. I just remind myself that no matter how strong the craving is no matter how bad I feel the world isn't gonna end if I don't drink. I force myself to think of future me and how happy and proud I will be in the morning that I beat the beast (and how full of shame and regret I'll be if I let it win)...It gets easier. Stay strong! IWNDWYT!
I most want to drink when I'm angry. Truthfully I'd find any reason but at least drinking didn't make me feel the anger even though others got my wrath. I didn't remember so it was great for me. ..Now when I'm angry I talk to myself and try to figure out what's really causing the anger or I work out or even go to bed early...It helps to have a plan and you seem to have that for today. It may also help to find a hobby that will also relax you. It could be as simple as meditation or something more like working out. The important thing is you have a plan and keep the plan when you have cravings. ..Also having a sponsor or someone to call when you feel like drinking would be good. You can talk through your feelings and maybe even begin to pinpoint what is deep down causing this desire for you. ..IWNDWYT..Let me know how it went!  
From reading this sub it's clear we all drink for different  reasons !  Mine happened to be frustration.  Problem was (among others)... I'd drink as relief from something frustrating me... and then be frustrated that it didn't help more!  So I became just a frustrated guy with a beer buzz!  Drink enough to go to sleep ignore the issue at hand and then be frustrated by same issue in the morning!  Glad to be out of that shitty cycle.  Now I just say  well shit  and try to just chip away bit by bit on the unpleasant topic at hand. ..Nice job not caving into the stress!
