-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a184c0/cant_get_my_shit_together/

Day 1 again.Holiday relapse extended until last night. Drank during the day 3 days in a row and feeling withdrawals. Been up since 3 am with high pulse and paranoia and anxiety. I want this sick twisted relationship to end. Been listening nonstop to Annie Grace book and podcasts and I keep begging and hoping and waiting for that magic I don't want alcohol anymore feeling. I keep thinking after a few weeks of sobriety that I'm good to drink again and faster than ever it turns into a nightmare. I've been struggling with quitting for 6 months. My stomach is shredded and I admitted to my psychiatrist I fucked up again. The shame is intense. I'm going to be 46 in January. My body can not handle this. Everything else lucky for me is going so well. Why is this last piece so hard to resolve. I want to be safely on the other side. Sober. Finished for good. .
----------immediate responses--------

I quit on 10/14 and after 3 weeks I  rewarded  myself with drinking...WRONG that was not a reward that was a punishment and a ticket to hell. Ever since my relapse I've learned alcohol is no longer a reward for me. Since then I've used the  play the tape forward  concept. If I want a drink I think about where that first drink is going to lead me I follow its path from 1 drink to a 1 week bender. FUCK THAT. I've broken the chains and restraints of alcohol and love what I've obtained in my sobriety so far. It may not be much but waking up energized with a smile is enough for me to love my life these days...Stay strong you can do this.
I am sending thoughts of Hope and strength this morning jlc. You know at first quitting seemed like it would be impossible for someone like me. I had drank what seemed like every day for years. ..I think if I can do it maybe you can too. ..Do you think having an honest talk with your doc might be a good idea? Maybe you are ata point where antabuse or something might be good...From where I was coming from all I could handle was one day at a time. Dont worry about being sober tomorrow. Today is whay we have to work with. Building some distance from the parts of me I didn't like helped put things in perspective. ..I am adamant and dedicated to one thing now; alcohol doesn't control my life. It doesn't even deserve a place in it. ..I hope you find a path that works for you friend. Wishing you peace and strength. IWNDWYT.
Six months ago you weren't even trying to quit. Today you've got at least a two week streak under your belt. You have proven that you're stronger today than you were back in May. Welcome back to the sober side Friend. IWNDWYT
Unfortunately relapsing seems to be a major part of recovery for anyone trying to quit who has a major problem with alcohol. The good news is that's a normal part of the process so don't beat yourself up too much. This is a direct quote from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA).."Because an alcohol use disorder can be a chronic relapsing disease persistence is key. It is rare that someone would go to treatment once and then never drink again. More often people must repeatedly try to quit or cut back experience recurrences learn from them and then keep trying. For many continued follow-up with a treatment  provider is critical to overcoming problem drinking...Never quit trying to quit research and find as many tools and options as you can. Not everything works for everyone but something will click and work for you hang in there and good luck!..&amp;#x200B;
Never forget that despite the little gremlin voices in your head telling contrary you *do* have the power to quit. ..It's simple and it's hard but it's within you at all times. ..Get intimate with the [Three Me's](https://www.reddit.com/r/NonZeroDay/comments/1qbxvz/the_gospel_of_uryans01_helpful_advice_for_anyone/). Forgive the past you shower future you with gifts. Do not live in the present live in the future you know that kickass future where you are amazed how after struggling so long you just up and kicked that old bum outta of the house. The future where you are healthy in control and happy. ..So many sentiments are spent on talking about living in the now but my friend I humbly suggest you live in the future in every action of your present.
If you're seeing a psychiatrist anyway maybe you could get them to put you on acamprosate or naltrexone? They're supposed to be helpful for quitting. 
