-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1c21i/is_relapse_part_of_recovery/

I keep reading from people that relapse is part of recovery. Is it? Am I doomed to relapse? I'm 8 weeks sober after a good little run on really attempting to ruin my life. I was semi-successful in that endeavor. I get off house arrest in 32 days and I'm scared. Right now I'm constantly monitored I have random wizz quizzes along with random checkins by police offers at my house to breathalyze me. So it's a tight ship. But when I get off am I doomed to relapse once I am independent and making my own decisions? 
----------immediate responses--------

No that is a dangerous thought to have in your head.  IDK who would promote such toxic thinking.  You ALWAYS have the decision that's basically the definition of being human.  Free will.  We are ALWAYS the decider.  You probably just want to relapse and want to justify it by saying "oh well we are doomed to relapse BOTTOMS UP!!"  seriously... your brain will do anything to try to trick you...  remember that you are always the decider.
I take that as a relapse doesn't mean failure but a chance to reassess what you'd do differently going forward if it happens. ..But in short: no. You are absolutely not doomed to relapse. ..The best chance you can give yourself is to have a solid plan that you work every single day whether you feel like it or not.  
Your choices are in your hands and well within your grasp.  
I think relapse is often a part of recovery in that many people who are in recovery do relapse...I like the phrase because it is easy to get discouraged when people relapse. A setback doesn't mean progress wasn't made you know? It doesn't mean all that hard work was in vain...Not everyone who quits quits successfully their first time. I didn't quit smoking my first try I didn't quit drinking my first time. But that didn't mean I wasn't in recovery I just messed up while in my path yourself recovery...I think people can use that phrase as an excuse though and I get why  some people don't like it.
Relapse is not a requirement but if you keep doing what you were doing it is probably inevitable. I needed a recovery program. I've been sober since my first AA meeting. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Relapse is not required...&gt;am I doomed to relapse once I am independent and making my own decisions?..Well you have some important data.  With "external" mandated support you're sober...It's easy to prepare for voluntary support for when the mandated support is gone...Recovery meetings counselor and a sober network...Whadda ya think?
Kudos for 8 weeks! ..I have not had a drink for over 36 years. Relapse is not a necessary part of recovery. You are not doomed to relapse. Alcohol for me is NEVER an option. However I had lots of help from a therapist rehab outpatient treatment and AA. I learned everything I could about alcoholism addiction and recovery. I too asked the question you are asking now. ..There is more to getting well than simply not drinking or using. Personal growth is essential. I hung onto my support system for dear life as I learned how to live a sober happy life. And it worked!..
It's always your choice to drink or not drink.  I know that for me I made questionable decisions when I drank.  My dad told me that "you're going to do what you want to do." He didn't give advice.  Good luck.
I think that is bullshit. Relapses aren't inevitable. If I gave myself that mindset my addict brain would very easily justify a slip-up. I have to stay militant and believe that I will NEVER drink again. One really effective way for me to keep on the path is remind myself that one good relapse can potentially reset my brain chemistry all the way back to Day 1. Two years of healing will be lost. There is not amount of pleasure or "fun" that I would receive from a night or weekend of drinking that would be worth that. I worked way too hard to get where I am. I also remind myself about the [Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) which is why people have such a hard time getting back to sobriety after a relapse. If you want your last drink to be your last drink make it so.
yes. its normal...AA helped me - Im over a year sober now because of it.  Sponsor steps and reading the big book is how i stopped relapsing. 
No. It happens. But if you get the support you need medical and psychological there is not reason why you have to relapse. 
