-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1ddfj/anxiety_peak_struggle/

I struggle with anxiety and sometimes have trouble concentrating/make mistakes in my work. ..  .Today was one of those off days when I haven't had one in a while. I feel like an idiot and I can't shake my awful anxiety (it feels like just stress burning in my head) and I really want a drink...&amp;#x200B;..Anyone have advice on dealing with these peak anxiety moments when I cant get myself to calm down? I keep on thinking about how careless I am and can't distract myself with TV etc. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you!!
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes when I focus on taking a big deep breath I notice I've been holding it.  I figure when I'm really stressed out I barely breathe all day and when I do it's very shallow.  Deep breaths help me focus on relaxing relaxing helps alleviate  my stress and helps me change the things I'm thinking about.  I change the things I'm thinking about towards a positive slant.  Instead of telling myself I did a bad job at something for example I realize quite easily how I can fixing it (if that's what I see is needed).  It all begins with breathing.  IWNDWYT 
[Mindfulness meditation](https://www.thetadprinciple.com/free-meditation-guide-0101adj.html) has changed my life. I even take a few minutes to do it in my office during the day. Just breathe. 8 weeks of regular practice has been shown to actually *shrink* the size of the amygdala...the structure of our brains that is responsible for "fight or flight" aka the lizard brain.
There are numerous CBT "grounding" techniques...You might google some...I often use the 54321 method...I repeat it until after a while calmness prevails.
I self-medicated my GAD with booze so I relate. I went on a low-dose of an SSRI that helps with anxiety shortly after I quit which has helped. My daily routine includes progressive muscle relaxation meditation (I use Headspace which has exercises directed at panic and anxiety) Acceptance Commitment Therapy exercise a regular sleep schedule cardio and limiting sugar and caffeine. 
You are in the midst of a massive change (stopping drinking) and bodies very often respond to change with feelings of stress and anxiety. Our ancestors wouldn't have lived to produce us without this response. It is a sign that your body/mind is working just not in a way that is productive in your current context. But also remember that even while it is uncomfortable in the world of biology evolution occurs most quickly under stressful conditions...Oh and exercise has helped me a ton. Thirty minutes of cardio/day gets me breathing heavily (lots of oxygen to the brain) releases tons of endorphins and leaves my body feeling relaxed and strong. It took about 1.5 weeks to see a change in the anxiety so if you start that route give it a little time. 
Exercise helps me a ton with my anxiety. Even just a brisk walk can help so much. 
I'd recommend a CBD tincture it's worked very well for anxiety and stress I've had to deal with. I've found it effective within about 20-40 mins of taking it. ..Also regular high intensity exercise helps drain your body of excess energy that I find builds up and can contribute to anxiety. 
anxiety is 100% normal. anti-anxiety meds and staying away from anything that annoys or triggers me (ppl places things) helped me immensely. Also AA helped me - Im over a year sober now because of it. The meetings curb my negative feelings.
