-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1hvft/alcohol_was_the_problem/

For anyone who's having trouble in their relationship &amp; keeping their drinking under control quitting drinking fixed my relationship. ..I had no idea the effect my drinking was having on Hubby &amp; my relationship. I thought there were bigger problems with us since we argued more he became more distant &amp; I didn't care anymore. ..I'm now around 7 months sober &amp; our relationship is great! It turns out that his distance was caused by my drinking &amp; my not caring was the alcohol talking. We're able to actually communicate again talking rationally about problems with us &amp; the kids. He's much more understanding about my health issues (although disappointed that quitting drinking didn't fix them but I am too!) more helpful more loving &amp; our sex life is great again!..If you're struggling give quitting a try. It may not fix your relationship but it will make it much easier to find the real problems &amp; work on them in a constructive way. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratz!  I am at 29 days and this is inspiring to read  :D
Great post!  I was on the verge of divorce and my kids were about done with me.  Things are going great now.  We are caringlovable  people when we are sober.  All we have to do is believe in ourselves.  I'm happy for you bistrying!  Have a great day  
My marriage has improved too. Yes of course there are still issues but at least if I need to discuss something with hubby I will be coherent. He is actually trying to be part of my life again and include me in his. I was so caught up in drinking I didnt realize what a drag I was. 
I am at 34 days now. I'm afraid that she is too far gone though. I didn't quit drinking until she told me she wanted a divorce. We have kids ages 8 4 and 2. I tried multiple times but could not quit. I foolishly thought she would never leave me. I was always a happy drunk but a drunk nonetheless. We started therapy this week and I am going to my first A.A. meeting in about an hour. She says she's made up her mind but I am hoping over time she will see that I'm serious this time about changing and I'm hoping the therapy will help us both get past some things that are keeping us apart...Glad to hear your story has had a happy ending!
Yup. Things improved across the board. Relationship with GF family and friends job performance confidence less anxiety...the list goes on. I'm someone people can depend on again. In hindsight it blows my mind that I sat for years thinking "why does everything go to shit!!?". Well I found out why (for the most part). 
I am at six months and my experience has been quite similar. I haven't been this close with my wife emotionally in twenty years. Sometimes it's like we just started dating again...Good Luck! IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT as well
I agree. It didn't wave a magic wand and turn my world into a sparkling fairytale with unicorns and rainbows...But it got a hell of a lot better. So many stupid dramas and times I got in trouble vanished once I stopped drinking. Turning up to work hungover and stinking of alcohol got me in the shit so many times. ..I didn't do anything hugely bad in recent years but I knew I was heading that way - fast. I shudder to think how life would be now if I hadn't stopped. It doesn't wave a magic wand but at least it is less dark than before :)..IWNDWYT :)
Yup there is a good reason why marriage counselors rarely prescribe drinking more to solve relationship issues.  Alcohol torches relationships.
