-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1ojrt/replacing_alcohol_with_weed/

I'm not sure how to help my hubby which is the one struggling with drinking. I just want to support him and make him happy but I don't know what the right thing to do is. Do I just let him replace alcohol with weed as he said he wants to do? Do I encourage him to go to counselling (he told me he believes this won't help him as he tried before). Any comments are appreciated. Thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

My opinion: him replacing alcohol with weed will probably not get him sober...Everybody thinks they can control this thing and we'll try all kinds of things. In my experience the only thing that works is 100% alcohol abstinence and I found that the most bearable in community (something like AA) and in therapy...For you I recommend r/alanon www.al-anon.org. Do you know about it?
He has the right to make decisions but replacing one substance with another substance has not gone well with me from personal experience. Tread carefully op
This may not be the answer youre looking for..But in my case. I had ruined EVERY SINGLE RELATIONSHIP i had due to drinking.... things i said and did....Thats why i had to quit forever and im only 24..But on its converse Ive never once in my 5 years of smoking weed almost every day have NEVER said anything mean or hurtful while under the influence of marijuana..If hes not being destructive and your in a state where its legal or have a safe place to enjoy it what is the problem?.Ive always been more loving considerate happy and kind while high. So if he can still do life happily while stoned and it doesnt  change him for the worse. Id give it a try..Once again there is a fine line tho if his personality changes for the worse or it creates issues then it has to go.... but if not i think he would be beyond grateful that you understood and allowed him to swap out substances. Let him give it a go. Let him show you he can stay away from alcohol for good...Trust is important. You wouldnt want him to feel like he has to hide that too..Godspeed
Weed addiction is bad - I've been through it with a loved one and it's not fun. Substance abuse is substance abuse. ..Society portrays MJ as harmless - it's not. Think paranoia psychosis and anger issues. With some people not all. But of my friends and family who are long term heavy duty burners it's not good. I've lived and witnessed the affects...If your husband has problems with alcohol he'll have problems with weed. Replacing one unhealthy addiction with another isn't the way to solve problems IMO.
There's no hard rule about this but it rarely goes well. For the most part it goes wrong because there will be a time when that bag of weed is unavailable for one reason or another and then what? But addiction is a wide ranging spectrum and weed is certainly less harmful than alcohol. For myself the risks involved with trying that replacement therapy aren't worth it. Sorry if that's not a firm enough answer but the truth is everyone is different trust me though if it were a safe and worthwhile method every alcoholic on the planet would be singing its praises. 
I'm concerned about the part of your pist where you ask if you should *let* him replace alcohol with weed. If anyone had spoken to me about *letting* me do something I would have reacted very badly and ignored their request out of spite.
In my case I craved alcohol after smoking weed.similar to the way I craved chips or ice cream after smoking. I'm not saying this is a proven effect of smoking weed just that it happened to me. .He has to learn to face or deal with some of his issues without substances. If he's immediately saying that he's switching to weed instead he isn't dealing with the problem. He's assuming that the only way he can get through life is constantly using a substance - why is that?...
The only way I can stay sober is if I have weed. I'm not saying it's totally healthy but my doctors (and I) prefer that I use weed instead of alcohol. 
