-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1p2y8/so_im_waiting_for_an_assessment/

So it turns out I'm not as strong as I thought. After multiple relapses I am now sitting at a hospital waiting to be assessed for in-patient rehab. I can't believe it has come to this but it's this or I lose everything.
----------immediate responses--------

I would say you are really strong for taking a very important step. A lot of people don't have the personal strength to tell complete strangers they have an issue even when those strangers are there for help. So keep your head high and know you are strong. You also have a lot of strangers here that are pulling for you...Keep us posted on your progress :)..IWNDWYT
IMHO Accepting that a problem exists and asking for help are two very important actions in this process. This is what helped me get serious about sobriety. .You've chosen to do the right thing. I'll ask you to be kind and forgiving to yourself and focus on the solution. I have faith in you. Keep posting and know that you have a great support structure here at SD! Good luck! This is a start of a good thing.
It takes huge strength to make a choice like that. Looking forward to hearing about your progress. Much love  
I've done inpatient and it helped tremendously. Everything's gonna be ok. You'll probably like it. I thought I was going to a prison setting but it was the exact opposite. Keep us updated when you come out on the other side! 
I remember how I felt when I finally reached out for clinical inpatient help. I was at the end of my rope mentally and emotionally completely unsure what would happen next and pretty terrified about stepping away from my life into the total unknown...I didn't know it at the time but I was also taking one of bravest steps I'd ever taken. You probably are too. If your nerves are rattled right now try to enjoy the ride once you've gotten settled. The process is what you make out of it...One piece of advice I'd follow myself if I ever have to do it again: focus on connecting with the other people in there who are genuinely working hard on their recovery. Hanging around with the cool kids swapping war stories ain't what it's about but it's tempting to do. ..Let us know how it goes.
Thanks to everyone for your support - they had a bed open up last night so I'm in for a 10 day detox...I'll keep you posted but I actually feel at peace for the first time in years ....
