-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1r8f8/just_wanted_to_share_my_progress/

I will preface by saying that while I didn't consider myself an alcoholic I was dependant on alcohol. For 11 years I basically binge drank every Friday (6-11 beers) which often carried into having a few on Saturdays and Sundays too. While I usually just stayed home and drank and didn't do drunken self destructive things I HAD to get drunk after every week of stressful work.  A couple drinks on Friday was never enough.  I figured that even though I wasn't drinking every day I was still damaging my body and couldn't break the habit.  ..I am now coming up on 5 months with no binge drinking. There were two occasions where I had a few 'social' drinks(which I regretted because it keeps me from truley being 5 months dry and the last time was super unfulfilling) I am glad that I was able to break my old habit. I started working out and eating better and have lost 30 lbs.  I just tell myself that instead of being completely sober that I only drank twice in the last 5 months which is still better than before...My two 'relapses'..At dinner with my parents. Dad orders a glass of nice wine but doesn't like it. Instead of sending it back he ordered a different additional glass. I drink the first glass and half of his second glass that he left behind. ..Thanksgiving- had a champagne flute and refilled it with wine about 3 times. I felt sweaty like I was going back down a bad path and realised it wasn't as good as I imagined it would be. ..In conclusion this is just what worked for me. I know everybody is different...
----------immediate responses--------

I had two long stretches of sobriety defined by infrequent drinking before I managed to get completely sober this time around. Similar to you I went many months between drinks. I learned SO MUCH during these first attempts that I credit them with my ability to get and stay 100% sober without as much pain and turmoil. Practicing sobriety without fully committing helped me get to where I am today. I'm proud of your accomplishment! 
Hey that is good for 5 months!  I started to realize the same thing before I decided to stop completely which was that I didn't feel the same way AT ALL.  Alcohol would maybe make me feel "high" for 20-30mins if even that long and then after that I was just drunk for no reason basically lol.  That realization helped me stop.
Slip ups happen. I'm so impressed by you and how you got yourself back on track! I'm the type that would have been like  F@?! IT! I screwed up so I'll drink for a month and start over!!  Lol. I'm on Day 5 and you inspire me! You ROCK! .IWNDWUT! 
