-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1szrp/how_do_you_fight_the_cravings/

I'm 302 days without a drink but both yesterday and so far this morning ALL I can think about is having a few drinks. I can taste it and it's all I want to taste. I'm struggling and I have no support system to lean on..I don't understand how I went over 300 days without giving booze a thought yet for 2 days now it's consuming me. How do you fight the cravings?
----------immediate responses--------

[This Naked Mind - Overcoming Cravings](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=this+naked+mind+overcoming+cravings) was very helpful......Don't Feed The Booze Goblin!..Every craving will always pass every single time if you can just wait it out without acting on it.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I haven't had any crazy cravings but the few times I've thought about drinking I just remember how awful the taste is how shitty I would smell and feel the hangovers and I would have to reset my badge and that alone would be devastating.
I use urge surfing to feel them take their whole experience and then let them go.  
I fight the cravings by  playing the tape forward . I just know that one or two likely wouldn't be enough to satisfy me and I would end up being sloppy and inevitably embarrassing. Even if I'm alone I would worry that I would hurt myself unintentionally by stumbling or burning a pizza in the oven while I fell asleep. I can't believe how many times I used to do that...this alone should have been an indication of my problem I literally could have burned my apartment many times. I'd say you're so incredibly close to a year that you can make it! What a milestone that is seriously! The best thing we can do is get through today. Preoccupy yourself and treat yourself to some unburnt pizza tonight maybe? :) I won't be drinking today would you join me?
Stay strong friend.Would it help to writeexercisewalk or hike?It's been awhile since I had cravings but it helped just do anything that took my mind to another place. I'm  sorry you are struggling with things a bit.Sending positive thoughts your wayI will not drink with you today.
WOW 302 days gratz!  Have you seen major changes in your life after so many days?
Playing the tape forward is exactly what to do don't be that person ..IWNDWYT 
When I feel like drinking I try to sit with that feeling and process it until it passes. I ask myself why I'm having the craving - am I tired? Hungry? Angry? Sad? It's usually one of those and I can recognize the craving for what it really is. I don't try to distract myself because avoiding the craving doesn't help in the long term.
You do have a support system to lean on - it's this sub and all of us internet strangers.  Try doing the daily check in and see if that helps. I will not drink today. It's very powerful. 
