-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1xd3f/need_advice_because_things_are_good/

Hi Everyone! ..Please help me. I relapsed after eight months sober back in September and it was BAD. I mean I had some fun but I lost a lot of money got very depressed and lost two jobs. I can't control myself when I drink I know this but......When I'm sober I'm so good. In the two months I've been clean during this run I've accomplished more writing than I'd thought possible by this time in my life. Tonight I'm reading a very important piece of creative writing at an event. Next week I'm heading to Art Basel with another magazine I write for. All of this came about in two months because I was on my shit thanks to sobriety. ..I feel so successful and proud of myself that I forget this huge shortcoming. I want to celebrate and party with the artists I'm now friends with. I know I could drink them under the table. But I owe everything to sobriety and I don't want to lose any of it. ..I hope I don't sound cocky (I think it's a character defect of mine) but I just want to illustrate the mindset that will coax me into drinking. Any advice? 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your recent accomplishments. That is amazing! I hate that pesky voice in my head that romanticizes alcohol...  come on you can have just one Drink.  We all know that's bullshit. When that voice is in my head I take a step back breathe and realize that it will pass. Just focus on the present moment. Mind over matter - you can do this I believe in you! IWNDWYT   
Heya. My experience has been that staying sober for an extended period of time (8 months now) requires more than simply not drinking. I also had to find a way to change or cope with the parts of my life that kept leading back to drinking. That meant dealing with some emotional baggage I was carrying around and finding a support network of other people...I found those things in a combination of therapy and AA but I'm no expert on recovery and other people may be able to tell you if they've found them in things like SMART recovery or other programs and support networks. I know there are communities around books like This Naked Mind that might serve a similar function...For what it's worth I will say that I am the last person that people would ever suspect to be in AA. I've always been very successful "edgy" work in the arts and media and was raised by strict atheists. I was terrified of going to AA for a long time but in the end it was the best decision I ever made. It saved my life.
I've been to Art Basel and alcohol will be everywhere! Seems like everyone is there to party. But I've noticed that the more experienced people the ones who've been year after year skip the parties and head back to their hotels. Maybe just have a beverage plan - cranberry seltzer? - and enjoy yourself for a limited time in the evening and make sure you're safe and sound back in your room by a decent hour. I wish you the best of luck! Everyone has social anxiety at art events it seems and uses the booze to self medicate. But maybe if you realize they are all medicated you can relax!?!?! I don't know! Have fun but be careful! Positive happy sober vibes to you and keep your eye out for the people who aren't drinking because once you're not you realize there are more sober people around than you ever would have noticed when you were a drinker. Let us know how it goes!!!! 
Congrats on your days! I have this issue too that when I am feeling good I conveniently forget how bad I feel when I drink and how my life starts to fall apart. I am at 147 days right now (counter is not tracking right) and I am feeling so good but I try to remind myself that I feel this good because I am not drink and that it is not worth it to start again. ..Right now right in this moment... I am clean clear headed focused productive have a clear bill of health solid relationships and my dignity.... the moment that I take the first sip it will all start to go down hill because I know I do not want just one drink I want more than that and I cannot control myself or limit myself once I am under the influence...Good luck to you and IWNDWYT!
