-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a21h18/have_cut_back_trying_to_quit_what_should_i_expect/

Hi I've included some background but TL;Dr is that I got into the drinking/party culture drink to try and fit in am now quitting but struggling to find info on what to expect would like to hear how others felt... Some background: I'm from Australia alcohol is really culturally ingrained into everything - when I was a teen it wasn't a 'cool party' unless there was alcohol it wasn't a 'fun night out' unless there was alcohol. At uni people would brag about how much they drank. I'd do assignments with a glass of scotch 'to help me think'. I felt like I had to drink to have friends but that was so stupid. Those people weren't real friends. I realise now that I could easily have had a glass of juice in my hand and no one would have noticed. Drinking gave me something to do. I've noticed now that younger people don't drink as much - they manage to entertain themselves by taking photos or by being on instagram or snapchat. If they feel anxious they play candy crush or something they don't drink and smoke. My boyfriend grew up in a house that always had wine on the table at dinner so at our place we always had wine on the table but I would always finish off the bottle. I seriously had trouble not drinking every drink in front of me.  . Recently I changed jobs was trying to fit in and started going to the pub 'to drink'. I'm super unhappy and this is really impacting my health wasting so much time wasting so much money causing trouble. I need to stop. I've found that if I drink during the day I just get sleepy no other benefit so I stopped drinking before 5. That helped because I really struggle to stop or say no to drinks when they are handed to me. I'm trying to quit I'm not a heavy drinker but I am finding that after a few days without alcohol I have terrible sleep I feel sad and anxious and I sweat so much during the night. Not getting blind drunk at parties now is super relaxing I can drive there and drive home the next day isn't totally written off. I have so much more time to do things I enjoy. But I'm struggling to go more than a week without alcohol at the moment. It seems like after 3-5 days I start getting some withdrawal but I'm not sure. I've also learnt that I can order fruit juice in a fancy glass and still 'fit in' - I feel like being older people don't judge as much also I'm on medication where alcohol is contradicted so I have a legit excuse should I feel I need one.   .Can anyone help tell me what to expect with this type of withdrawal? - how long do the night sweats last? I also get sweats if I take a nap during the day anyone else had this? What was your recovery timeline like? What else can I expect? Are there any hints or tips? When did you start feeling better? ..Sorry if there are already posts like this I have looked...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Being bored urges to stop at gas stations on your way home maby sudden change in moods irratability change in diet/eating habits. A whole slew of god damnit moments. 
Hi and welcome. I am an Australian as well and relate to a lot of your story. I ended up in my 30s in a boozy profession where alcohol was part of everyday life drinking about two bottles of wine a day. I am about eight months sober now...I think one of the big side-effects of quitting that you should be aware of is an increase in the intensity of emotions. That can include the bad ones such as anxiety fear sadness and shame. If you are prone to those in the first place be prepared. Unless you tackle them somehow it's easy to just give up and go back to drinking to make them stop...I got sober through AA and got the tools to deal with all the emotions through a mix of therapy AA and lots of self-help type books. I would recommend some combination of those that suits you. The latest book I have ordered is on self-compassion...Also by the way it's totally worth it. :)
It's really different for everyone. Some people feel great very early on and others (like me) take months to see improvement. If like me you've been drinking your whole adult life you'll probably have to learn who you are what you think and how you handle life without alcohol from scratch more or less. That's tough. But it is totally worth it and from what you describe your life isn't sunshine and kittens right now. ..There are lots of resources out there which can help you with giving up alcohol. I like SMART recovery others like AA others still like books such as This Naked Mind. I read a lot of stuff in the sidebar when I started out. ..Looking back on this year I've found stopping alcohol a bit like learning to ski. You'll find it hard at first and need a lot of support and coaching but at some point through practice and active learning you'll find that you know how to do it (maybe without even knowing why you can suddenly do it). And then you get all the benefits of knowing how to do it and putting it into practice. It's worth it...All the best to you.
