-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a27bf4/sick_of_being_second_guessed/

So a bit of background I just got home from residential rehabilitation at the beginning of November. Since coming home I've been trying my best to re-engage with my family attend AA regularly and make sure I get to my weekly after care at the rehab centre. It's just that I'm being second guessed at every turn the first time was on the 4th night after I got home. At around 3:30am my girlfriend rang me waking me up she wasn't able to sleep and got it into her head that I was drinking. Now also bear in mind I'm on some quite strong anti psychotic medication that puts me out like a light at night so when I answered the phone I was pretty incoherent this led to her screaming down the phone at me for being drunk and phoning my sister in the middle of the night waking her too she was able to confirm to my girlfriend that I was in fact sober. That night really took the wind out of my sails you come home on such a high after rehab to have the people you care about thinking that you're right back on it immediately. After this I had about 2 weeks of everything being pretty good until again I was in quite a good mood and somewhat hyper. This lead to my mum smelling me checking my eyes and even going as far as wanting to buy a breathalyser for the house because she said she couldn't be sure. This has happened a few times now I almost feel like I need to hide if I'm happy or in a good mood because I know that that will come with an accusation of being drunk. Has anyone else struggled with this before? I've been sharing about it at my meetings on a particularly bad day last week I caught myself in the very dangerous attitude of fuck you all if you think I'm drunk all the time I might as well just drink again I didn't drink on it tho. I called another alcoholic and we had a good chat. It's just really getting to me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry about the formatting I'm on mobile! 
&gt;fuck you all if you think I'm drunk all the time I might as well just drink again..I have heard this called "drinking **at** people" and I totally get it. But you're doing great. I have found that every single day that passes with me sober I get less and less of the second guessing.
I doubt any of us can fully understand what the people who love us endure because of our drinking. Mine have felt embarrassed scared abandoned lonely angry depressed hopeless and overwhelmed just to name a few of the painful feelings. I said "I'm sorry" more times than I can count. When we say we are changing and not drinking well they have heard it before. My friends and family were just scared to death I was going to drink again. ..I was completely transparent with loved ones especially family. I went where I said I was going. If I was going to be late I called. I did what I said I would do. I listened to their concerns and tried to reassure them but did not get defensive or angry. When I got upset I acknowledged it but told them "I am not drinking even though I am sad or angry. ..When I felt brave I asked them to tell me how my drinking affected them. I listened.  I didn't make excuses. ..Like you I went to meetings and saw my counselor. I stayed sober every day. I had no alcohol in my home and didn't go to bars or hang with anyone who abused alcohol or other drugs. I avoided parties or events where drinking was a main activity. ..Let your mum check your eyes and smell your breath. What have you got to lose if you are sober? She is scared to death you are going to drink again. ..It takes maturity to stay calm and not get angry or defensive. You showed good judgment by calling another alcoholic when you were upset. ..Try to remember what I have said. 
I would feel incredibly disappointed with the lack of trust you seem to be getting from your family and girlfriend.  I'm sure you've worked hard at maintaining your sobriety. ..Unfortunately we don't always get the support we'd like to have from those closest to us.  It's really hard for me that my husband still drinks and I have to live in an environment where alcohol is always available and drinking "just a couple" is often encouraged...So we gotta dig deep hang tough and keep fighting the good fight.  And even with the support that we do get from others when it comes right down to it it's up to us all on our own to make that choice not to drink...&amp;#x200B;
Sorry to hear you are being second guessed so much. You know this may be yet another opportunity for further personal growth.  Yes it's great to have the support of family and friends but at the end of the day we can only be responsible for our own behaviors.  Your Sobriety is yours and a wonderful gift that you are giving to yourself. Don't let anything or anybody take that gift away from you. 
It really sucks to feel like people who I care about don't trust me when I'm doing everything that I can to be active in sobriety and to take the steps that I need to take to rebuild a life for myself in sobriety. I'm trying to remember that they have a lot of past experiences of me lying to them and hiding things and that my time sober is a lot less than the time that I spent lying to them. ..I know that what's important is that I continue to demonstrate that I am working on my sobriety. And that includes showing that I've changed in how I treat others and how I respond to difficult situations. In active addiction I was reactive. I lashed out and I felt justified in harboring resentments and grudges and hard feelings. In sobriety I am learning how to be patient and compassionate and how to take thoughtful actions. ..I'm also learning to take responsibility for my past behavior and that includes taking responsibility for my lying and deceit in the past. Part of the consequences of that is that sometimes people don't trust me now. It hurts but it's a consequence of my own behavior and I can accept my consequences now. That means accepting my part in damaging relationships...I know that what's important is that I continue to build trust both with other people and with myself by doing the right things and by behaving in a sober way. 
I've been there for sure. I'd tell them if they don't believe you that they can go waste their fuckin money on a breathalyzer lol. Just don't let that break your spirit or sobriety. You know your not drinking so fuck it. We're all proud of you and stay the course. IWNDWYT 
Suggest to your family that they go to an alanon meeting. ..They need to have some respect for  your effots and their behavior and accusations is only increasing your stress level..Put girlfriend on notice that you do not want to be waken up at night with her phone calls. .
I get that you want people to take you at your word and be supportive. Unfortunately addiction doesn't happen in a vacuum. ..This is a bit of tough but I think you need it. ..How long was your drinking out of control? ..What impact that you are aware of did your drinking have on your loved ones? ..Did you ever have a trip to the hospital due to your drinking? ..Did you ever lie about drinking quitting and or being sober? ..Was there ever a time or experience when people couldn't find you and it was due to your drinking? ..Did you ever lash out when drunk? ..It doesn't matter what it was could have been sleepless nights waiting for you to come home worry over how much you'd drink at a party being apprehensive about contact with you as they never knew which you they would get. ..Those who love you when you were active in your addiction felt it. ..When you're strong enough that it won't send you into a tailspin ask them to explain it in all the gut wrenching detail to you. ..You maybe quite surprised at just how much drinking can impact everyone in your world. 
