-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2hbzg/just_needed_to_check_in_and_commit_to_not/

I know my problems aren't significant in the grand scheme of things but I've just been struggling so hard with my 6 year old lately my husband has worked 25+ hours this weekend and usually I'd lean on him for a break but obviously it's not an option today. Just kid things but I'm a SAHM and am having a mini-existential crisis about the fact that this is my one job and I'm doing a shit job. ..Anyway I've just been thinking all day about how nothing would take this anxiety and anger and frustration out of my chest like getting absolute blackout wasted after she goes to bed. And then I remind myself that it'll probably feel good for a bit then bad then I have to wake up tomorrow and do this again only with a hangover. So I'm glad I have nothing to drink in the house and have no way to go to the store and I'm glad I can post here to hold myself accountable. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong my friend. Sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
Good call mama. Proud of you. Sometimes things just suck and no amount of drinking is going to make them not suck. IWNDWYT 
You know I think you're doing a great job. You see what's more important here; taking care of yourself so you can take care of your child. I'm sorry you have so much on your plate now I wish for you to have better days ahead. I will not drink with you today! 
I second that emotion fellow flailing sahm! Bust out that leftover Halloween candy and go to town. Iwndwyt. 
That's awesome that you're fighting your urges and recognizing it won't help. Things can get hard sometimes but you are strong and you can do this...IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Great job. Hang in there. Another sober non-hungover morning tomorrow is going to feel awesome. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT 
Although you may feel like you are doing a bad job as a mom your actions say the converse: you are making a commitment to your health and sobriety and setting an example for your daughter of the importance of self care and commitment. By not drinking today your child will have a more happy confident and relaxed mother tomorrow. Sobriety doesn't guarantee life is gonna be easy but alcohol won't make life any better or easier.
