-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2lche/how_do_you_use_this_sub_to_stay_sober/

You might have seen my other post about how I relapsed pretty hard recently. ..Today's day 1 again. ..I want this to be my last Day 1. I never want another day 1 as long as I live. But since I've had a few day 1's collected over the years i think it's obvious I have not yet figured out a way to stay sober. I think I never really acknowledged that I could be a real alcoholic and not just going through a phase or that alcohol use was a result of my emotional problems stress my childhood or whatever I wanted to attribute it to at that time. I get it. I can't use this stuff anymore. ..I went to AA in 2014 and stayed sober for 2 years although after the first year I stopped going to meetings. I feel like I can't go back there. I don't like the religious aspect of it. I do believe in God but I don't like their flavor of spirituality for some reason. I can't really put my finger on it. I also didn't like a lot of other things about it that I don't see the point in detailing here. ..So I said all that to ask  how do you use this sub to stay sober? What do you do? Check it every day? Post every day? Any input appreciated. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I asked a mod for a flair to set my day one and it counts up everyday. That helps me visualize my progress and when im tempted it's easier to remember my streak and not want to start it over. ..Checking in daily helps..I read the comments when I want a drink and it helps strengthing my resolve. There are some truely remarkable people on this sub...Best of luck buddy. I will not drink with you tonight. :)
I read it often in the beginning whether it was a weak moment or not. Just knowing I wasn't alone and that everyone else felt how I felt really kept me going. Reading through posts really solidified my commitment. And giving support to new posts is really helpful too for me and for them. ..The Daily Check-In is something I looked forward to as well. ..I didn't post much but when I did the support was phenomenal and really helped!! It's great to know you're not alone. ..You can do this! IWNDWYT  .
Aa wasn't for me because of the powerless over alcohol bit. Every problem can be solved. I took responsibility I took back control. I learned coping skill and put together tools to stay sober. There is no point in doing nothing and praying for a miracle I had to get up and find a solution which I did!  Iwndwyt 
You've done a 2 year streak so you're way past the 2 1/2 months I've managed...What helps me is to post as often as I have something to contribute.  However I think giving supportive comments may help even more.  Maybe I'm helping myself by helping others...Best of luck in your efforts to pull off another amazing 2 years (and more)!
I'm more of a lurker then a poster here I don't do the daily check in. But I am subbed to the forum! I like to read a lot of the posts here good and bad and use it help me stay sober. I like to see others be happy about their progress and it reminds me that I can be so much more happy sober then drink any day. When I read posts about people who have to start from day one again I read them and try to learn from their mistakes. 
I've never been to AA and only done a couple of SMART recovery meetings (which I enjoyed but never committed to fully). I think both those methods and this sub revolve around hearing other people's experiences and sharing your own and that's how I use this place. ..I read the sub pretty much every day and try to post on new submissions at least once a week. The badge helped a lot to begin with too. This community has become important to me and being part of it and especially reading about other peoples' hundreds of years worth of experiences with sobriety helps me understand that this is something I can do..
I find that I can spend a couple of hours here just reading and posting...those couple of hours can usually get me through a time of craving or just make me forget about drinking for a while. I know not everyone has hours and hours to just sit around reading and posting but it can be a place to come when I'd otherwise be drinking and watching Netflix. ..As for AA I have very similar feelings. I believe it's a wonderful program for the people that find comfort and peace going through the 12 steps and being around like minded people but it is absolutely not the only way to sobriety. ..I found this 15 minute Ted Talk to be very helpful to me...Best of luck!..[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EghiY\_s2ts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EghiY_s2ts)
