-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2nxgv/i_am_so_scared/

Please help me guys. As per my previous post I relapsed. Now I am an anxious mess and can't stop thinking about drinking again. How did I get back here. I'm exhausted and feel totally beaten  
----------immediate responses--------

For some of us that is the nature of how alcohol works on our brain...it entrenches.  It's part of the same mechanism that makes it difficult to stop once drinking has started. But if you moved beyond that once you can definitely do it again!...If you can find some sort of group in your area it may be a huge help too!..IWNDWYT 
Sorry to hear about your emotions and anxiety...Glad you're here...The good news is you never have to feel this way again!..&gt;I'm exhausted and totally beaten...That was actually a good point at which for me to arrive.  Here's how it was useful:..I learned that I can *Create* a drinking problem (or misery) all by myself.  I can't *Solve* a drinking problem without support...Once I arrived there (beaten) I was ready to accept support...That made it very easy!..I spoke to a counselor.  I went to a recovery meeting and just listened...I found people at meetings didn't judge me instead they understood and embraced me!..Tried a meeting?
Be kind to yourself like you would with a friend in the same shoes.  You relapsed because you need care and support. ..I struggle with AA because I am an atheist and it can be challenging anyway. But I still go to meetings because they are so accessible and it is powerful to step in a room with people who share this struggle and meet me with kindness.  If you bristle at any part of it try to let go of perfection and remember everyone there is doing the best they can. Time spent in a meeting is time not drinking and you will more than likely find useful information and stories. ..This lapse doesn't define you or your journey. I promise. 
Recovery is a process not an event.  You werent the first person to have a slip and you won't be the last.  It's important to forgive yourself; you're only human.  ..The silver lining of a slip is that we can learn from it.  It's up to us what we do with that new knowledge though.  I tried moderating more than once and stubbornly refused to face the truth that I simply cant moderate.  Once I accepted that life got a lot easier.   
I recently posted that once I relapsed I too have found it hard to get back in the saddle.  I'm taking one day at a time.  That's it.  I'm not beating myself up (not because I don't want to but because it just won't do me any good).  Just focus on the next 24 hours and  see if you can't substitute something else.  I'm focusing on losing weight. Just find something else.  C'mon.  You can get over this hurdle and back on track.
Thank you so much for your message. I have just downloaded NoMo and it looks great. Congrats on three weeks. I would like to message on here that would be awesome please. Start of day 2 today and I don't feel too great to put it lightly.
