-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2ogik/im_getting_to_the_point_where_i_cant_do_anything/

The drinking has gotten worse... I simply drink too much every time and end up blacking out and I wake up feeling so goddamn anxious that the only thing that helps is drinking again. I am not drinking all time im awake but I feel extremely anxious when I don't have alcohol in my body. Only to go to the super market can be a real struggle...&amp;#x200B;..I know that I am in deep danger.. and I must stop... any kind of kind words would be appreciated... going for my first sober day in months today! Tired of the poison!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Sending kind words!..Have a plan?
Please please make a visit to the doctor. If your body is that reliant on alcohol it could be really bad for you to quite cold turkey
So good you recognize you are in danger. Please see a doctor to work out a plan to stop- because of how much you drink your detox will need medical supervision. You can do this though! Sending encouragement.
Been there it's hell and will get better... eventually...It helped me to find something to distract myself from the cravings. I also slept quite a bit during my first days without alcohol. Some people say physical exercises have helped them to get through the first days but I have no experience on such humbug.
I say this with honesty and genuine care:..You need to schedule yourself a doctors appointment immediately. It's great you recognize you're in danger- because you are. Alcohol addiction is NOT GOOD. 
This is a definitely dangerous level of alcohol ingestion. ..I also recommend a supervised detox. A body can have a powerful reaction to the removal of something it's become dependent on...But then it feels so much better - mentally physically emotional...It's worth if.
Withdrawal can kill. Please don't go it alone. ..I was there. I didn't even try cold turkey just tried to gradually reduce my intake and I became a **wreck**. ..Detox saved my ass. Then keeping up with several support systems but I never would have gotten dry without the help. 
