-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2ov8g/30_days_and_life_is_drastically_better/

Hey guys! I just wanted to post because I am feeling great...I have struggled with booze for decades sometimes going a full year sober and have fallen off the wagon several times...At 30 days my heart/blood pressure are back to normal and my joints are nearly cleared up from gout...I can sleep through a full night free of nightmares. I don't have to get up at 5am for a drink because the withdrawals are bad...I haven't thrown up in a month and my appetite is back. My liver isn't the size of a grapefruit and I don't look like I have barrel chest...I am excelling at work and haven't had a panic attack in weeks. I haven't fought with my wife over silly things since I sobered up...I feel like there is a point to living and no longer feel trapped in a cycle of slow suicide...TLDR; I'm 30 days sober and I am feeling good! Thanks for letting me someone...
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I am really happy for you :)
Congrats I hope I experience that point to living soon or I might hit bottle again but for today I will not drink with you.
Really awesome I hope to make it as well today is my 4th day.
IWNDWYT
Man that's great! I can't wait to get 30 days. :D..Happy for ya
Bravo!
Congrats man you're stronger than you think you are...What's barrel chest?
Congrats!  IWNDWYT!
Well done. This is inspiring 
Excellent so happy to hear that!  You can do it.
Gout. F that stuff. Just past 60 days here and my gout seems to be in check. That alone is worth the price of admission. Keep up the good work!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT :)
congrats!!!
Congrats!
Awesome!!! I'm at 33 days and feel amazing as well! Lost some weight and my anxiety has gotten soooo much better...Congrats and Let's keep it going!! IWNDWYT
Hell yeah! Keep going you're doing great! 
This post pretty much sums how I feel as well especially the no petty arguments with my wife. Congrats and IWNDWYT!
I still feel kinda low and depressed. I keep reading about how other people feel great after a month but I'm sill waiting for that eureka moment. ..When will I notice the rewards?
Congratulations! I have to be honest the list of symptoms alone will keep me firmly on my wagon! IWNDWYT 
Nice
Awesome!!!
Hey sober twin! Congrats! I am feeling the same way I'm excited to let the time pass and continue improving my day to day activity to get me closer to goals! Iwndwyt 
To celebrate with you I will not drink with you tonight!  Congrats on the break through and thanks for sharing.
Yessssssss!!!   
"and no longer feel trapped" This! Let freedom ring! Stay strong! Peace
Congrats!. I'm curious about the barrel chest though? Is this attributed to alcohol or throwing up? 
