-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2pu5s/new_girl_friend_got_drunk_last_night_at_a_party/

We have been dating since the summer.  She knows about my struggle with alcohol...I'm pretty upset about the situation.  I was always ok with her having a glass of wine but last night she had a bottle slurred her words made some off color comments to a couple of the guests and wouldn't leave when I suggested that we leave because she was starting to embarrass me...I am not sure that I am interested in seeing her anymore.  I just don't want the aggravation of having to deal with a partner who drinks.  ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe trying explaining what you saw and how she acted before just leaving. I've embarrassed my boyfriend plenty he doesn't drink but has explained his disgust and the way I acted. Definitely was an eye opener. We've all done stupid stuff while drinking people know this so I'm sure your friends won't judge too hard. 
And by embarrassing my boyfriend I got drunk at our Friendsgiving and worse stilleto highheels and kept falling over. ..Then I tried on his friends glasses and yelled out  wow you're blind as fuck!!!!  Then he had to carry me out. I also didn't eat that day so I got drunk way easy 
I couldn't have stayed sober with someone who ever abused alcohol. I avoided friends and relatives who did also. 
As someone that's been there (the gf) I think you should explain and give her a second chance...Abandoning things the minute they displease us can be a quick fix but a hard way to go about life. That said if it persists you need to protect your own interests
[removed]
It's really a tough place to be having a SO who continues to drink after you have quit. Once sober I actually realised how much my SO was drinking on a regular day to day basis.   Almost daily I see my SO change from a dependable fun partner to a drunk who becomes undependable moody and overall just a person I really don't like. I want to tell my SO that she is ugly and unpredictable when she drinks but I don't want to be preachy or try to suggest she stops because I know first hand that to quit you need to want to first and see it as a problem. She is not there yet. But I feel if I don't do anything sooner or later one of two things will happen. She will either do something irreversible while drinking that will kill our relationship for good or I will get to the point where I just can't handle being around her and that I just don't care for her anymore. It's kind of you're damned if you do damned if you don't. As I said it's a tough situation to be in. 
Oh cut her some slack!  A one off.  We all make mistakes and God knows I have done more than my fair share of drunken embarrassing things. I have chosen not to drink but other people still have their own choices. 
I would give her a second chance. Discuss it with her. Explain how upset you feel about it tell her that this isn't acceptable behavior in your relationship. ..If she keeps doing it then it may be time to break up. It would show deliberate disrespect and lack of listening to you.
Have you talked to her about how you feel yet? 
I just went through something like this with my wife last weekend. It took a lot of energy to remain calm and try to be patient and so on and not escalate the situation as I am sure I would have wittingly or unwittingly if I was drunk. Knowing that it had been me acting the fool on countless other occasions might have been a big factor in my response but overall it was an awful evening and it really was a challenge to stay sober. I guess what was upsetting was that she was not having a good time: If she was a happy drunk we might have had a good laugh about it.
You can only control you.  
You remember what it was like yeah?
i've recently began dating someone for a couple months now. i was completely up front with her about my past but told her i don't mind if she has a drink when i'm around. there's been a couple times where she's been open about it and asked if it was ok to drink but i'm fairly certain she's had at least one drink every time i've spent time with her. so far it hasn't been problematic in the slightest but lately it feels as if i've been entertaining someone else's monologue which has been going on repeat for a bit now. i'd like to share some of my story as well bring in some dialogue but at this moment there seems to be no time for my very uninteresting sober life i suppose.  maybe i need to find someone who doesn't drink. maybe i should've posted in relationships instead of commenting on your post but i feel you i feel for you shit's tough to balance a sober relationship. .anyways i know this isn't advice but i wanted to type all of this and just get it out so i can focus on my work today. thanks for reading..
As alcoholics we need to understand that normal people will drink and will sometimes get drunk. I can't comment on your SO - but my wife now and again gets a bit ridiculous but she does not have a problem - we all know the signs! Being judgmental about normal drinkers' antics actually creates barriers for those with problems.
 If you have trouble with alcohol ad you admitted you do YOU HAVE BEEN THIS PERSON.  More times than you know.  Give her a break.  However do not bottle these emotions and resentments.  Resentments are like poison - you need to explain to her that it makes you uncomfortable and embarrassed when she drinks to excess but also come from a point of understanding because you know you've been this person...I think in a sense you saw a lot of your old self in her behavior which is why you are so resentful and disgusted by it.
You've been dating a few months and she went a little over board.  I would cut her some slack.  However if she starts doing this every weekend that's another story.    We can't drink but that doesn't mean others can't.  
Hey are there other issues going on in the relationship &amp; was this the straw that broke the camel's back or this was the first offense?...Unless you get with someone who's straight edge there's a chance any future partner might have a goof like she did. Especially if they have a low tolerance and don't really drink. ...You may choose to only be in a sober relationship &amp; that is 100% ok. Was it triggering?
Hey man. You should know as well as all of us that we've all gotten to that point at some time or another. If she isn't doing it all the time don't worry about it. So she had a good time and said some dumb shit. Big deal. Let it go.
Did you start dating her when you were actively drinking? Because you are probably not the same partier that you were this past summer if your flair is correct. Is this a potential long-term relationship? If so then it is worth having a candid conversation about your feelings regarding that specific evening. If not and there have been other non-drinking issues I see why you would not be interested in seeing her unless you can work through the issues together. The straw that broke the camel's back?  Some of the posters here say to cut her some slack. Ok. But my guard would be up all the time that is aggravation I wouldn't want to deal with while I am still so new to dealing with my own sobriety. Just because you may have been in her shoes at one point doesn't make for an automatic one-off IMO. I personally would not want to be a caretaker when I am struggling to take care of myself. So one glass of wine sure. A bottle? I would be honest with myself and then be honest with her...Either way you know you have support here. Staying sober with you today. Peace. .
