-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2s5s7/i_wanna_stop_drinking_before_it_gets_too_bad_but/

hey r/stopdrinking i hope everyone is taking care of themselves today. this is my first post here. i don't really know what to say. i'm a 30 y/o woman and i've struggled with various addictive behaviors since i was like 12 years old including (at various times) self injury binge-eating/restricting cycles and amphetamines. drinking has never been much of an issue for me though until the past few months when it's gotten to the point where i can't logically claim that it's not a problem. and unlike all my other addictive behaviors (with the exception perhaps of anorexia) drinking feels like the most debilitating. i'm sure i don't have to explain how to y'all. ..my issue is that i guess i just feel like since this has only been going on for a few months i don't really feel like i'm *deserving* of help but i also really want to like nip this in the bud so to speak? which i realize that now that the addiction has taken root nipping it in the bud won't ever make it go away completely but...idk i'm scared of what i'll become if i don't do something now. i'm scared it'll be harder to deal with if i wait to get help?..(the ironic thing is that i literally work for a nonprofit that does substance use disorder treatment...i spend all day writing in detail about how our programs help people recover and the various interventions our staff use while simultaneously counting down the hours until i can go home and drink! ugh. makes me feel like a hypocrite even though i know it's not exactly hypocritical...lol) ..anyway i guess i'm just wondering if anyone else has tried to stop drinking without a whole lot of time being an alcoholic under their belt...which may be a weird way of phrase that idk im sorry if it comes across offensive or weird or whatever...input is appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no need to keep digging for a bottom if you don't want to.  I'll tell you what my sponsor told me- try it for a year.  If it works and you choose to stay sober great.  If it doesn't they'll still be selling booze in 2020.
Hey there yes. To everything. From I too work at such a place with that same job to you do deserve help. Not because you need to reach some level but because you are a fine human being worthy of feeling good and alcohol won't do you a single favor. Any oldtimer will tell you that stopping just gets worse and every single day spend postponing that end is wasted. Sober life is better in every sense. I will not drink with you today! 
[removed]
Welcome aboard!..'Addiction Whack-A-Mole' is really common... when one mood-altering substance or process is abandoned because it has become too damaging something else can often pop up in its place.....[The 3 Clusters and 12 Characteristics of Addiction](http://real-recovery.co.uk/addiction-treatment/addictive-behaviours/12-characteristics-addiction/) by Dr Robert LeFever was a really interesting read on the subject... you'll notice that disordered eating drugs booze etc all fall under the umbrella and are all a manifestation of the same underlying condition.....If you've had problems with other addictive behaviours in the past booze is likely to be a problem too and it only gets worse if you don't do something about it.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....There's absolutely no need to wait for the wheels to fall off completely or wait to see just how bad you're willing to let things get before you do something about it!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
