-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2usj9/how_do_i_forgive_myself/

The lies. The bad decisions. The stupid actions. How can I ever forgive myself for all of these things?  If my family ever found out the depth of my alcoholism and the stupid things I did I don't know that they could forgive me. I am really struggling with this right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been going to AA and it has really been helping me. The steps have it all set out for you. Consider it and give it a try!
I can relate I'm also in a small town. The reason why I decided to start going is because I'm somebody who needs accountability. 
AA is the only thing helping me with the guilt.  
You're right. I guess I am just raw right now and racked with fear. 
I recently saw the movie "A Star Is Born." This one line sticks in my head..."it's not you it's the addiction." ..I did and said some pretty bad things. Things I would NEVER do or say sober. I felt very very small and ashamed of my cringe-worthy past. I still can if I choose to go there. But when I think of that line I can begin to forgive myself. When I stay sober I get further away from my past and I am starting to develop self love and acceptance and self discovery. It has been really important for me to know that those lies bad decisions and stupid 'selfish' actions came from a toxic place. They weren't me. I am not a bad person and neither are you ForgiveMePlease. ..I hope this helps in some way. Staying happily sober with you today. Wishing you peace in your heart as you learn self forgiveness..
Thank you.....I saw that movie too and it was so painful to watch. I appreciate your response...I needed to hear this. 
I try to remind myself that what I'm doing now is preventing these things from happening again. I can't change what I did in the past but I can take the steps to ensure these things never happen again. People will forgive over time especially when the see me making the best effort to atone.
Honestly just building up sober time and becoming a better version of myself has been the best remedy.  I've done countless cringeworthy shit that still pops up in my head but the frequency/ duration have lessened 
