-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2zxo6/1_week_ago_i_was_called_into_bosss_office_for/

Last 4 months have been a tailspin Dad diagnosed w brain cancer then Hurricane Michael hit my parents. No excuse but after several weeks sober at a time in the blink of an eye  a  have a couple drinks  turned back into drinking before work during hikes/bike rides after work during lunch hiding and lying yada yada...I work in a professional environment and this was extremely embarrassing personally and professionally. I was in shock and told my boss much of the truth both about drinking and other personally life struggles. I was shown grace and given personal advice which I did not expect and am thankful for.  I guess my honesty and decade of dedication effort and loyalty at this job must have earned me a pass this time...Since then I've reset my habits. Listened to This Naked Mind audiobook again.  Things like go to bed earlier chamomile tea (and mugwort sometimes) pound lacroix use emotional restraint to avoid arguments with my wife make lists pray/meditate lost 5 pounds already etc. Added benefit I can connect with people more not worrying about how my body or breath smells! ..The hardest part was  flipping the switch  to begin Day 1. I've needed SD most to help with Day 1. But once the alcohol gets out of my system it becomes so clear what the right decision is.  ..So I encourage anyone in similar boat to post and ask for encouragement even BEFORE you make your decision to stop.  Then after of course to get your kudos  ...IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back friend. Sounds like you have a good boss. I found asking for help to be difficult but has made a world of difference in my sober adventure. Accepting help was tough too but so much wisdom encouragement and understanding here at SD could not be ignored. It saved my ass a couple of times already! So I also encourage anyone struggling to share. Keep coming back. Stay strong! Peace
So glad to have you here!  That's a l it to deal with at once or each one anytime.  I have found being honest with yourself and others is the best way for me to maintain sobriety.  
You got this...   IWNDWYT
Wonderful turnaround and motivation. Good work! IWNDWYT!
First of all congratulations!  Second of all this right here is exactly why making drugs illegal is such a bad thing.  Imagine letting someone know you were dealing with a different addiction and not being stigmatized for it.  Sorry just my 2  best of luck with your future!!
I've been trying for 2 weeks now. Still can't get to day 1.
Comrade rarahertz!  Am smurfing proud to call you a fellow sobernik.  Solidarity! IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
 "I guess my honesty and decade of dedication effort and loyalty at this job must have earned me a pass this time.".....I got a pass like this about 2 years as well.  It was huge a serious wake up call.  I was in horrible shape. While not the only reason it was a huge part in costing me my marriage of 20+ years.  Rebuilding my life (family career health happiness freedom faith) now and it feels really good.  Thank you for sharing your story.  Stay strong!
Thank you for sharing!
Keep it up man
You definitely lucked out. It's nice to see human compassion in the workplace still exists. That being said maybe it is time to add more to your sobriety tools? Have you thought about an addiction counselor or AA? Therapy might not only be good for your alcoholism but to get a better handle on how to deal with tough situations such as your father's cancer battle. It never hurts to add more ammunition to your arsenal.
I have it on Audible I listen to it while I'm working or in the car. 
Stay the course you've made the right choice and it sounds like you've got a great support system around you! You can do this!
I love your second to last paragraph! Bravo!!!
It's so scary to be honest about addiction. Proud of you!  Your boss sounds great. Stay strong. You can do this l!
