-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3103u/we_spend_too_much_time_beating_ourselves_up/

About times when we have been sober for days or even weeks and then suddenly we drink again for one or two days. ..Instantly our thoughts the next day are negative and we self loathe. We immediately think  oh great I'm a failure I've relapsed I'm never going to do this I'm going to die through drink because I clearly can't stop'. Instead of thinking this we should think to ourselves  okay I had a slip up. It's not ideal HOWEVER I know I can do this because I have done it for however many days/weeks before ' ..The negative way of looking at it makes us want to drink even more to stop feeling bad about ourselves. But what we forgot is that EVEN if we drank  2-3 days out of 7 and we used to drink 7 days a week... then it is an achievement. Any reduction in alcohol consumption is an achievement. ..I'm not undermining 100% full on sobriety at all because we ALL want that. But I do think our attitudes should change to slip ups. Because I think the negative attitude towards a relapse makes us want to drink more. We need to turn it around and think  this is a path to sobriety and along the way I will slip up BUT today is a new day and I'll start again' instead of  oh I've f****d it now I might as well keep on drinking because I'm a massive failure.' ..You are NOT a failure. Being here and trying proves that you are not a failure. Life isn't perfect. Humans aren't perfect. Mistakes are made. But we learn. Every single time. .
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this. I am waiting for that ah-ha moment which will help me achieve total sobriety. Until then I slip and pick myself right back up. 
Needed this today after a recent slip up. Thank you and IWNDWYT!
I really believe that this mentality is what keeps people drinking. There is nothing else in our lives that we apply this  all or nothing  principle to. If you are on a diet and have a cookie it doesn't mean you throw out your progress and give up it means you have to work harder to keep at it. 
Awesome.  Thanks 
Hmmm you mean like find a way to laugh at the insanity? I mean I will wake up some mornings certain I won't drink that day but end up going on auto pilot getting my keys. It is absolute insanity... I am not going to turn in the store (the car does it on its own) sheesh!.
You were talking. About me weren't you?  ...Thanks. I needed this.
This was nice to read as I just had a pretty bad slip up this week and last week.. Thank you. IWNDWYT. 
Will I never drink again? I don't know. I'd prefer if I didn't because I know what's on the other side if I do. But if it happens it happens. I'm just taking it one day at a time and trying to not let it control my life.
This hit home for me. Thank you!  I don't like the word relapse. It seems so definite. Even though I've messed up multiple times I'm still here. I'm still fighting. Someone else said also that one misstep doesn't take away the days/weeks/months you had sober. So true. .Thank you so much for writing this! I feel much better. 
This hit home for me. Thank you!  I don't like the word relapse. It seems so definite. Even though I've messed up multiple times I'm still here. I'm still fighting. Someone else said also that one misstep doesn't take away the days/weeks/months you had sober. So true. .Thank you so much for writing this! I feel much better. 
Agreed. It's the cycle of self-hatred that keeps us in the downward loop. Self forgiveness is a big part of self care which for me is a fundamental element of recovery/sobriety. It also makes me much more compassionate of others and a better friend sister daughter partner citizen songwriter global community member etc. 
IWNDWYT
Yup just reset my badge!
I've been able to avoid alcohol and have not found it necessary at this time to strictly abstain from it.  Yet I was headed towards a more serious problem and SD helps me to basically live sober.  I appreciate your mentality and IWNDWYT.
