-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a32t5d/noticing_other_alcoholics_more/

Can anyone else now notice someone who's likely struggling with alcohol addiction now they're sober?..I've been sober for 48 days now and have realised that not only can I smell even the faintest whiff of  alcohol on people (my girlfriend had a glass of wine at 4pm yesterday and could still smell it at 7pm) I have also become supertuned into noticing alcohol struggle in others...For example at work today we had a guy visiting to do a workshop. I could tell in his face that he'd had a hard night or two on the booze. ..It might be because I'm looking for it but I feel it might also might be a classic case of "takes one to know one".
----------immediate responses--------

No I experienced it too..Also I never liked drunk people no I REALLY don't like them!
Now that I am sober I notice other people and their alcohol habits more.  I used to be a functioning alcohol abusers so when I see one I recognize them instantly.  I don't judge them but it angers me when people who don't have an issue with alcohol judge them.  
Yes-I used to see people at the grocery store after midnight trying to buy booze in my state. It's illegal to sell it after midnight most days so I just see them and think to myself-freaking amateurs get your act together. ..There was one though. I was volunteering for a climbing competition and we were in charge of keeping the climbing athletes isolated so they cannot see the walls beforehand-they're supposed to "onsight" the climbing routes. Anyway there was free beer there *eyeroll* and I was just there doing my thing trying to get the climbers out to their spots while this other volunteer was drinking-having one of the beers while volunteering. Ok I get it free beer isn't an everyday occurrence and probably something to take advantage of. But it just seemed so inappropriate and unprofessional to be party to the competition and be seen with a beer in your hand. Maybe grab a can keep it in your bag wait until after your shift is over sit down and enjoy it but don't do that while trying to perform a job-whether you're drawing pay or volunteering to do something. Not saying he is an alcoholic but there is a time and place. 
I used to feel uncomfortable when someone would make the "ha rough night? You smell like a brewery" joke to me. I could never smell alcohol on myself or others. I thought I just had a bad sense of smell. Now I can smell booze on people no problem. 
I see drunk people. They're everywhere. They don't even know they're drunk.
Yes. It also makes me realize that I was not hiding my issue as well as I thought. ..One thing I now see is that I have worked with people in my life that I didn't like working with. Now I can see that their behavior reflects alcohol behavior and occasionally symptoms of withdrawal. ..A week out of detox I went to New Orleans. I couldn't help but notice how really disgusting the drunks were. I was glad to be sober.
 I Do notice it too. Most of my friends and my husband's friends are in my eyes alcoholics. I had to quit normalizing it to see it. 
Yea. At a gas station I saw an older guy I worked with at a grocery store. He didn't recognize me and quite frankly I never did care for him. He reeked of alcohol was happy social and laughing. I never knew. 
I rarely notice it physically or via smell cuz I vape but I notice when people's mental landscape goes white and they're just autopiloting their way thru the social interactions aren't paying attention to anything and have that glazed "I need a drink and I want to sleep" look they're fighting until they can leave without it seeming rude. Plus they turn into an NPC after 8pm if you text them or chat on social media. 
I can tell after 1 drink now. It's my new superpower that I don't want.
Definitely!..It's not the obvious drunkards on a saturday night or down the pub it's the sad face of a delivery driver the way someone trudges through a shop or a fellow parent you see at school drop offs speaking to their kids in a certain way...I can't put my finger on exactly what I'm picking up on but I guess it's a form of empathy. It's not coming from a place of judgement or pity just sudden awareness. Or maybe I'm just projecting my own failures onto everyone around me :D
Makes me wonder how many people noticed my alcoholic face when all the while I thought I looked totally normal.
