-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3656p/im_struggling_to_communicate_about_drinking_and/

My bf and I have been together for 5 years. We started dating within a month after my mom died. My brother had died 6 months before her both from addiction issues. Needless to say I was in a very dark place drinking a ton for our first year together. We moved to a diff city together within that year and my drinking became obviously problematic. I would suppress all day long binge drink and erupt with fury- always finding a reason to be emotional while drunk and usually blaming him for something. ..2.5 years ago shit came to ahead and I decided to get sober. Sober for 8 months I went back to therapy. I started to reintroduce drinking slowly to see if I was  actually an alcoholic  or just someone using alcohol to cope in an unhealthy way (I know some people think that's the same thing.) I tried AA meetings and felt like a total fraud. Therapy was helping immensely and I figured hey if it starts to become problematic I have all these other heathy coping skills I'm developing that I can lean into. ..Truth is that's actually worked for me. I haven't binge drank in years now. However I still feel guilty like my partner doesn't want me to drink ever. He has never said this outright but it's a sense. He pretty much stopped drinking when I did but never really had a binge drinking issue in the first place. Lately I've been thinking that drinking isn't really all that attractive to me anymore. And certainly if I feel shame around it when I do it responsibly then I'm not even enjoying it so what's the point? ..I takes to my friend who read  This Naked Mind  a couple months ago and has really been enjoying sobriety for the first time in her adult life. I bought the book and am planning on reading it. Here's my thing- I still haven't talked to my partner about any of this. I think I'm afraid that if I say  hey I've decided to not drink anymore  it implies that my recent  responsible  drinking has been problematic. I also am afraid that if I say that out loud and DO decide to have a drink at some point I will be seen as a relapser/oath-breaker/failure. ..Can anyone give some guidance on communicating in relationship when there is a history of problematic drinking? I feel the call to go sober for my own health and happiness but I somehow can't disconnect it from my shame in my relationship. ..A whole other aspect of this is that I never bring this up in therapy. And I adore and trust her. Wtf is up with the amount of shame I feel. ..(Sorry that's kinda long thanks if you made it this far)
----------immediate responses--------

The 12 steps of AA have tools that deal with shame. 
I think I would simply be open and share with your partner what you are sharing with us...I would express my desire to stop completely and also point out the the road to total abstinence isn't always straight and narrow that there may be some slippage along the way...Wishing you the best.
It looks like we're in the same boat here- I've also been with my partner for 5 years and the communication around my problematic drinking has been rough and it rarely comes up. It's hard to open up about something that impacts your life so much to someone you love- try to start a conversation about it. Keep the door open for difficult conversations and remember he as your partner is part of your support system and to utilize him..I recently posted and someone also mentioned not telling them leaves room for us to change our minds about quitting/cutting back etc and I think that's a huge thing to consider with opening up to your support system is how truly serious you are about this.
