-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a372bb/side_effects_of_detox/

Some context I've been to rehab finishing in July. Relapsed in August and have been drinking a minimum of a pint a day since. I decided to stop again and am on day eight of no alcohol. The first few days were hell as this time I detoxed without medical help; however I'm still getting the shakes and still sick to my stomach. Not to mention my body just feels really off and I cant sleep...Has anyone else experienced a detox this long?..Any input would be great. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds like a medical question. Getting medical advice would be wise. 
I'm as new to this as anyone could be but I did a lot of research before I started.  One of the things I read about was the  phenomenon  whereby people who go through withdrawals multiple times particularly when not medically aided experience it more severely each time.  As you probably know this can be dangerous...You might consider seeing a doc for a little help.
Yes. Last time I ended up in detox the doctor told me that every time it happens it will be harder to recover. He was right and I don't want to go through it again. ..
I've had a few similar detoxes to what you describe. The first few days were absolute hell with no sleep and not being able to keep any food or liquid down. Then day 4-6 seemed to start getting a little better but then getting worse again around day 7 or 8. Like it would come in waves. Usually by day 10-11 I was feeling much better. I've never been to medical detox always just barricaded myself inside my house with provisions.  I agree with other commenters about the vitamin b and seeing a doctor if you feel like you need to. You know your body better than anyone. You should be through the worst if it if you're able to keep food and liquid down. Try to keep that in mind if you're having urges to drink now. Don't throw those 8 days away now or the hell you've been through will have been wasted. And you know that you'll just have to go through it all over again. Good luck and hang in there and please keep us updated when you're feeling up to it. You are not alone. We're all right there with you.
