-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3b89h/this_stops_now/

Today has been exhausting humiliating and depressing but I hope it is the turning point I need. After a 5 day long bender drinking until I puked and slept then repeating the cycle I had to fly to another city to record some videos. The government is putting together high school curriculum for my field of speciality and I was in filming all day to make videos for the classes. I dragged my ass out of my bender at 4am for my flight almost having not slept and I calculate during the flight is when my blood alcohol would have come down to zero. Withdrawals immediately kicked in. Sweating bullets shaking so much I couldn't hold a coffee in one hand without spilling it red puffy face and clearly elevated blood pressure. The whole day I struggled through and the film crew LOVED me. I'm naturally talented at it and we worked well together to produce good content. But I looked and felt like shit. For the next 10 years kids will see videos of me looking like death talking through technical content clasping my hands tight the entire time to avoid my shaking being visible...I am now at the airport heading home after a very long day and sitting in the lounge where they offer free drinks. Of course I was sorely tempted but I remembered this sub and sat here scrolling chugging water eating all the brownies and telling myself: THIS. STOPS. NOW. I have been through a full detox from years of daily drinking twice now leading to short periods of sobriety. Third time's a charm. Wish me luck. I'm going to need some valium or I will get seizures I know I am that bad. Doctor's visit first available appointment tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! IWNDWYT!
Wishing you so much luck!  IWNDWYT 
Very best wishes to you. It's so hard to live that way and you deserve so much more. Even when it is hard (especially when and because it is hard) it is worth it. Sending love. I am going to be not drinking with you today.  
Hang in there. IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT
You got this! Make small promises. This hour you will not have a drink.  Rinse and repeat. 
