-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3f4t1/another_relapse/

I've been posting here for a few weeks and it has really helped. Yesterday I was up to 54 days and feeling proud of myself. Then I screwed it all up. Early yesterday evening I decided to have some beers and to do it alone so no one would see me. Then I kept drinking and drinking until I blacked out shortly before my wife came home. I don't really have any memory of what I did but apparently I was so drunk that I couldn't stand up and seemed to be hallucinating (I was talking about people who weren't there and talking about things that didn't happen). I was nearly taken to the hospital but sobered up just enough that I was allowed to sleep it off in bed instead. Anyway I feel some pride in having made it 54 days. At the same time I feel more hopeless and terrified than ever. I think that's the most drunk I've ever been and I think my family is close to being done with me. I am going to quit again today. I hope this time it sticks. It's just so hard to start things off right when I wake up and discover what a monster I've been. 
----------immediate responses--------

it's the first drink that gets me drunk.  i never understood that saying util it became clear that i can't stop after one.  i also could not quit on my own.  invariably the motivation waned.  probably because i wasn't changing my thinking. the 12 steps of aa have helped me change the way i think and attending meetings show me that i'm not alone. i can't do this thing on my own.  i need real life help from others who are like me. 
Every relapse of mine has led to a higher consumption of alcohol the next time around. If this path follows in about 2 or 3 more relapses I'll be dead.
The first time I got drunk after 95 days of sobriety man it was like driving my head into a brick wall at high speed. I'd gotten used to that higher level of tolerance. Pretty scary to think about the reality of my body's interactions with ethanol. Really don't want to try that again though I agree with others who say we can learn something important from every relapse. ..IWNDWYT. 
Let's talk about what you think you did wrong (that led to the relapse) and what you can change this time around. Any ideas?
Welcome back! It sounds like uve learned a thing so the Field Research wasnt for nothing.
Hey I just did the math and you were sober for more than 98% of the last 55 days. That is a really strong A. And it sounds like you are learning a lot from the one day you weren't. I've never made it 54 days. And the last time I made it a small stretch sober it took me months to come back here reset and try again. I think you're doing great!
One of the things I've learned in recovery is that a relapse happens well before the first drink. In rehab they made us do an exercise where we would right down behaviors on index cards that tended to precede a relapse and come up with a plan to pivot on those behaviors e.g.  My recovery is in jeopardy when I have an argument with a family member. When that happens I will go to a meeting get some exercise or call someone. ..It was about the corniest shit I felt I had ever been forced to do at the time. However it kept me sober during those rough times as I managed to stick to the plan. I learned the usefulness of this approach was (1) it forced me to recognize behavior patterns and (2) come up with a copping mechanism that didn't involve alcohol. ..Now it's kinda like second nature. Maybe trying this exercise would prove useful.
