-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3fvc1/2_years/

Hello Everyone..&amp;#x200B;..Although the badge isn't updated to reflect it I hit 2 years on December 4th.  99.9% of it was through this site.  I did force myself to go to AA once or twice in the beginning but I always found that it didn't really do it for me.  Nothing against AA it just wasn't really for me.  This website always has been my rock and go-to.  Whenever I had a strong craving I could count on a post from someone regretting giving into the temptation.  Thank you all for that...&amp;#x200B;..I first tried to quit about 3 years ago.  I have drank since I was about 14 (i'm about to be 31). I drank heavily pretty much every day.  It started with weekends and then slowly progressed to Thursdays plus the weekends until it was every day.  Every morning I woke up wishing I could quit.  I remember very distinctly driving to work almost every morning telling myself "this is it...NO MORE." and by the end of the work day I would convince myself I needed to drink a few to relax and I wouldn't over-do it.  I always over-did it.  As I progressively drank more and more it got to the point that I would black out just about every time I would go out.  I would do embarrassing things and say embarrassing things that really made me hate myself.  One day I realized I couldn't take the person I had become.  I had to change and I was willing to do whatever it took to make it happen.  For me it really hit home when friends of mine who also drink a lot told me they thought I needed to cut back on the booze.   Anyways I went 2 months without drinking the first time and felt amazing.  I started again because I got bored and felt like I was missing out on the social aspects.  I quickly fell back into my old ways and was getting blackout and full of regret/anxiety almost immediately.  However as most of us know taking that first step is so horrifying and so intimidating that it took me another 9 months before I was ready to quit for good...&amp;#x200B;..When I decided the second time I was ready to quit I had my mind made up.  I didn't care anymore about the social aspects or the girls boredom parties and everything else that seems so enticing about being drunk.  I used alcohol as a crutch and felt like I could only be social/confident while under the influence.  When I quit I experienced what mostly everyone experiences...that euphoric pink cloud at first followed by frustration anger boredom denial...but I kept coming back to this site and remembering how fucking terrible it really is to give in to that temptation.  It helped me remember just how bad that feeling is when you give back in.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Two years has been crazy.  In no way has it been easy.  I've been fired broken up with lonely bored depressed angry sad frustrated...you name it.  But I did it all without alcohol.  Not one of those situations did I think "hmm if I would have drank that day I would have felt 100% better" or that it would have helped the situation.  Quitting isn't easy...it gets easier and honestly I don't even consider drinking anymore.  However it does make you face life with a clearer mind and helps you discover who you really are.  And just because I don't really consider drinking an option anymore DOES NOT MEAN I DON'T NEED HELP.  I check this site just about every single day and I read posts from those who just quit to those who have gone 10+ years.  Those who relapse after 5 years to those who white knuckle through their first day.  You're all inspirations and you all are the reason I am able to continue on.  ..&amp;#x200B;..All of our journeys are different and some of you will find that AA or SMART or books are the way to go...whatever works fucking do it.  Be bored.  Be lonely. Be angry sad frustrated.  But if you really want to see what life is like without being drunk just stick with it for a little bit.  If you forget why you quit read these posts.  Thank you all so so so much I never thought I'd make it this far.  
----------immediate responses--------

Woo hoo! Congrats!! 
Posts like this are the reason I'm here. Thanks!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Love your post. Congratulations!
Thank you so much. Tears in my eyes reading your post it resonates so strongly with me. Thank you for your support and encouragement and huge congratulations on your 2 years     
  IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!! You are a huge inspiration to people like me I will not drink with you today Good Luck in the coming years
IWNDWYT...Congrats
Congrats! I like what you said about allowing yourself to be bored. I think that's the biggest trigger for most. Being free from stimulation allows the brain to rebalance itself 
Love it! Many paths lead to freedom! Congratulations on your "years" of sobriety!!..IWNDWYT    
Thanks I needed this more than you know. I've stopped on and off the last five or six years once as long as a year and more recently for 10 days after being drunk one night apparently falling and hitting my head and the kicker not remembering any of it. I had a black eye a few days later. I felt both shame and horror at what I had done. After 10 days I relapsed. Back to my bottle of red wine (or more) per night habit. This is my first post and my last first day. I want to be a person who doesn't want or need alcohol. I'm coming out of the shadows and reclaiming my life. Thanks to all who participate and make this a supportive and helpful place. I'll be here tomorrow. 
