-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3hi4d/day_one/

I have a problem. I'm an alcoholic. I drink too often and I drink too much. I need to stop before it's too late and I loose everything...I used to like the person I became when drinking. I became confident and outgoing It gave me energy and enthusiasm for life and relationships. It made my social awkwardness disappear and gave me something to do with my peers. Plus it made me last forever in the sack...I don't feel that way anymore. Im 30 years old now and drinking has become something I do as part of my routine. It makes me sloppy dumb and clumsy. All I see now is the quiet disappointment on the face of my sweetheart shitfaced and the confused concern of my children when I'm sick the following day. All I feel now is shame. ..Everyone else grew up but I didn't. I find myself with no hobbies or friends struggling financially and to afraid to even apply to a better job because I know I can't maintain the attendance necessary to have a real job. My health is worsening I literally can't remember the last time I had a solid bowel movement I have red patches on my skin that come and go seemingly at random. I haven't slept well without alcohol in years. ..I need to stop. I need to stop now. ..I've told myself these things many times before and if failed to follow through every time. That's why I'm terrified to talk to my woman about it. If I do and I fail again... I don't want her to see that and know how weak I really am. ..I'm not gonna drink tonight. .Not at the bar..I'm not gonna drink tonight..Not at home..I'm not gonna drink tonight..I don't want to be sick tomorrow. ..I'm so thankful for the love of my family. I don't wanna squander it away with a bottle. ..I'd say "God help me" but I know I'm the only one who can do this. ..I'm afraid but I'm not going to drink tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done this is the hardest part. Survive tonight wake up proud tomorrow and let tomorrow come again. Keep it in the day hour minute...good luck!.I did it this time last year so you can too
I hope you have so much success. It is tough but as someone with only so much time 41 days I can say it does get easier not easy sadly but easier. Rooting for you and keeping you in my thoughts friend.
Welcome to the otherside. Way better over here IMO. I wish you lots of luck! Be kind to yourself. 
I won't drink with you tonight.  Two hours and nine minutes until the night shop closes.  How do I know?  I have a problem.  I'm an alcoholic.  Of course I know every place in town that sells alcohol and when they are open...We need to stop.  We need to stop now.  So we'll stop.  ..I am not drinking with you tonight.
Be kind to yourself but work hard. You've got this.
You can get this- it's hard but you can do it. IWNDWYT 
Good luck!  I'm in the same boat of not feeling any accomplishment in life and quite frankly I'm just bored of myself.   The only way to go from here is up!  I'm starting out with baby steps trying to get myself into healthy habits like waking up early for work.  I keep telling myself how much I'll thank me in 2 weeks 3 weeks 3 months so on.  ..You can do this!
Dont beat yourself man. Alcohol is a scam we got caught into which was not our mistake. Take precautions for withdrawal. You will be back posting here your successes in no time. 
I'm putting down the bottle today too. I'd like to have a solid poop and not feel my kidneys failing slowly and my liver hardening. Thanks for posting this. 
It's my day one as well! Let's do it together today. ..Just look how strong that desire is. It's all there ready for you. ..I'm not drinking with you tonight. 
IWNDWYT! My day 3. Drs visit today solidified my resolve: HBP prediabetes high cholesterol. I truly believe it is all related to long term drinking. I'm done. My health is slowly declining and it's not too late to reverse. I go back in 2 months on blood pressure test 6 months for another blood test. I'm so damn motivated to improve those stats. Fuck alcohol. 
I hope you can become sober.  If not 30 years will pass in the blink of an eye and you'll be 60 (if you make it) and you'll have 30 more years of a crappy life.  I know-that's me.
I'm just 2 weeks in and I can't believe my red parches (rosacea) are completely gone. With every day you will get healthier and healthier. You got this! IWNDWYT
I won't drink with you tonight. 
You'd don't have to do it alone is the difference. We're here for you...hell we are you! ..IWNDWYT    
I had to crawl out of that same hole of shame that you're coming out of now. It gets better and the only think you need to do is focus on getting through each day. I'm at a month and I feel so much better already. You got this and IWNDWYT!
Research something called L glutamine you can use it to ease alcohol cravings and withdrawal symptoms you can buy it gnc for around twenty bucks. Good luck my friend 
I feel ya. Especially the part about the kids. My dad missed a ton of stuff when I was a kid because of... you guessed it. Booze. I found myself doing the same thing to my kids. I decided I'm not going to pull that kind of crap on my kids. They're young enough now that if I stop they'll never remember the stuff I missed. And that's how it's gonna be. 
Congrats man!! Getting out of drinking was the hardest thing for me to do this year. IWNDWYT  
Our plight is eerily similar.  I know exactly how you feel.   Im only on day 8 but for me this is a monumental accomplishment.   I was craving real bad last night after work I decided to make a chocolate milkshake...it helped to have a drink in my hand.  ..You are here and that says something.  Please know IWNDWYT!  ..You got this!
I didn't drink last night...Thank you all for the support. 
IWNDWYT
