-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3jtza/i_still_strugglebut_my_dad_is_always_my/

Hello everyone.....I just want to make a short post for one of the reasons I'm motivated to stay sober. My father...Dad was an alcoholic from the day I was born. When I go back and watch old home movies from when I was a toddler...the man had a beer in his hand. What's even worse there are snippets of those videos that had to be cut from the tape because he was verbally abusive toward me my Mom and my sister and we didn't want it on tape...My Dad is an Iraq War veteran. You'd think that doing two tours in the Middle East and a peacekeeping mission in Bosnia would sober a guy up but no. Whenever he got leave and got to spend a few weeks home he hit the sauce. When he retired from the military he'd put away a 30 pack of Miller Lite every night. That kind of drinking is legendary and even though I've got my personal bests I could never drink a case of beer every night.....When Dad retired from the Army he struggled with his drinking for a couple years...but my sister bless her soul gave him an ultimatum. Get sober or don't see your grand-kids anymore. That put him over the edge. He started going to counseling at the VA. Ended up realizing after a few years of alcoholism and denial that he has PTSD. He even got medication for a couple of years. My mother recently opened up to me about my Dad telling me that after my sister said that...he relapsed twice and hasn't had a single drink sense then. My Dad texted me a year ago telling me "Hey Juice just wanted to let you know today is my 10th anniversary of being sober. My family and my faith have gotten me here. I love you."..It was heart wrenching and beautiful at the same time...Dad I'm proud of you. Thank you for your service. Thanks for being an outlier in the statistics that say alcoholics and veterans who are alcoholics will more than likely relapse. I hope I can one day share in your victory. Until then...I could use some of your guidance and Extra-Large size shirts cause I really dug myself into a ditch here. Otherwise...I Will Not Drink With You Today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing such a personal story. I hope you can say these things to your Dad. If anyone can understand and have empathy for your own struggle my guess is it would be him. Honored to stay sober with you today.
Powerful stuff.  Love the happy ending for him and your whole family!  Alongside both of you  I will not drink today.  
Thanks for sharing.  My father passed too and was a Vietnam vet.  He drank but his liver failure was hepatitis c.  Fuck now they have a cure for it.  Glad your dad is following the true Christ.  You have so much strength from this I have no doubt you will also succeed.
IWNDWYT
