-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3s17n/im_struggling_and_i_need_help/


----------immediate responses--------

What is the struggle for you right now?
There is a lot of good advice on here. Spend the evening reading through the posts instead of drinking. Attend a virtual meeting on In The Rooms.  Do something rather than drinking. Just tell yourself one day at a time. Choose not to drink tonight. IWNDWYT 
What's up Rachie?..The fact that sobriety hasn't stuck for you yet doesn't mean you can't do it it just means that you haven't yet hit upon the right combination of knowledge/tools/support etc that works for you... ..I have every faith in you and nothing but admiration for you for coming back every time and giving it another try!..What have you learned from the latest slip-up?..Sending e-hugs and positive vibes from this end!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
How can we help you Rachie? You can do this. I will not drink with you today 
It's tough we've all been there before we know what it's like. I can promise you it gets better we can get better. Don't think about tomorrow or the next day let's just be sober today...IWNDWYT
Hang in there man! It gets better.
Are you interested in A.A.?  Could you find a meeting tonight?
i see your posts all the time...i am sorry you are struggling. hang in there...whats driving you to drink?
I'm sorry that you're struggling. I know that when I've relapsed after a period of sobriety I've struggled *massively* to get my momentum in recovery again. ..What has worked for me in coming back from a relapse and I've done it twice now is to come up with a plan for how I'm going to support my sobriety. I don't just say that I'm quitting drinking I actually plan actions that I'm going to take to reinforce that decision. Both times I've made a commitment to check in here daily and both times I've committed to regularly going to recovery support group meetings. There are a couple of other things that I've done both times but I think that those are the main ones that have helped me get traction in sobriety. ..I've seen you on here a lot. You're very clearly trying. I know it's hard. Keep going it will pay off!  
Oh Rachie I wish I could give you a hug. I'm so glad you're reaching out. I'm on my way to work and don't have time to respond properly but I'm right here with you. You're still here you still want this. IWNDWYT        
Hi Rachie I hope that you can feel all of the love and support that is being sent your way and that is here ready and willing to support you on this journey. It's so hard to get that day 1 and I hope that you find yours today. Forget about month 1 it literally doesn't exist. All we have is hour one and day one. Hold tight xx
I remember being where you are and feeling like a long period of sobriety was totally unattainable. I just want you to know that all of us are with you on your journey. It doesn't matter if you have 1 day 3 days a week 5 years. It's all the same journey and we all understand the struggle. Someday you'll be where I am and you'll look back on your early days of sobriety and you will feel so proud of how far you've come. 
Check out Annie Grace  this naked mind  podcast. 
Rachie - God how I wish I could give you exactly the help you need. For years  I wandered around in the weeds drinking more and more until I was in my desperate 30s.  In and out of school. In and out of "romance." In and out of jobs. In and out of sexual harassment situations that I played along with. Fired after one. Resigned after another.  In and out of situations that mercifully did not lead to my injury or death or imprisonment.  I was sober for 14 years minus a week or two between years two and then one again.  I craved love. I craved artistic fulfillment. I craved my own approval. I had few life skills (rejecting mother preoccupied father) when I reached adulthood.   How could I complain when I "had everything."  On and on.  Bottom line. I'm now old enough to be your grandmother. As I see it  AA is an incredibly flawed incredibly brilliant organization filled with flawed people just like you just like me many of whom have actually found a way to a workable life. In AA  I learned everything or found a pathway to everything I needed to make a sober meaningful life. How to time structure. How to say no. How to ask for what I needed/wanted. How to spot men who had only their own sexual interests in mind.  How to spot women who had only their own sexual interests in mind.  How to live without short-circuiting everything with alcohol. It's okay to do it your way.  However rough it seems or gets you have the divine spark the gift worth saving the meaningful contribution to give.  However I know from watching  My Name is Bette Rain in My Heart (see sidebar) and reading so many stories (six brilliant writers profiled in Trip to Echo Spring) that at some time choice slips away.  Someone said to me "Sobriety isn't dull it's just more subtle." And so it is.  xoxo HR
Hi Rachie! Fyi I've been struggling too. Had a few too many drinks last night and felt like complete hell today. As I was going thru withdrawal at 3:30 this morning I messaged for a badge reset and said that's it. No more. I'm done. Maybe we can support each other going forward as we're both back to day one? I'm feeling pretty good about it this time. I did read the Annie Grace book and it helped. In fact it kinda ruined me for drinking! My subconscious mind now knows the truth and deep down I know I don't want to drink. The tough part for me has been managing the social life. So much fucking drinking around me all the damn time. I just need to be done. I was so damn sick today. I think when you quit and go back it's worse each time. I can't feel like that anymore. I'm just done. Done. Feel free to reach out to me if you need an ear. You CAN do this. Just do it. Be done! I'm so over it. I don't know why I just really feel like it's gonna stick this time. 
