-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3vh9q/functional_alcoholic/

***Day 13*** \- I went to another AA meeting tonight and I started thinking about the first step of the program - "we admitted that we were powerless over alcohol and that our lives had become unmanageable." I guess I am still struggling with that one. I have been sober for 13 days and I was able to stay sober for 3 months last year. After that period of sobriety I thought I could control my relationship with alcohol. But as time passed I continued to struggle with the amount and frequency of my drinking. Sometimes I was able to control how and when I drank but there were certainly other times that I lost control over alcohol. But I was still able to get up get to work and somewhat hold my life together. ..However even though I seemed to be "functional" on the outside I have not felt "functional" for a long time. And my behavior when drinking frustrated my family and exhausted my husband. It's taken some time for me to realize that as a "functional alcoholic" I have not really been very functional at all. I have just not hit rock bottom yet. And that's not a place I want to go. ..And yet the conflict is that I still have this hope that after I sober up for a while I might be able to go back to the occasional drink and learn to control my drinking. My experience last year would tell me that is a foolish thought but I have not yet given up the idea of gaining control. So for now I'm taking it one day at a time. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time is very manageable!..Sober On!
Isn't that word "functional" such an odd qualifier? I functioned sure. But now it feels as if I was in a constant internal struggle trying to control my drinking and hating alcohol for having such control over me when drunk hungover or sober (i.e. taking a few days to recoup from the last hangover). Just so much time and energy spent regulating alcohol and its effects so that I could pass as relatively normal with a hint of wino. . . ..Didn't leave a whole lot of time to really function. I've missed a lot. I will not miss anymore with you today...&amp;#x200B;
I resonate strongly with your post. I have been hungover 3 times in all of 2018 and two of those were before i decided to change my ways. When I fail it is one or two beers. Still this is a failure since I want to stop completely. To live the life I want to live I need to stop completely. But even though I fail I have a hard time with the  I am powerless  part. I started reading  The Naked Mind  but have only just started. Supposedly it has a better approach to sobriety. Godspeed. 
I think of alcohol like an 800-pound gorilla. I am utterly powerless in a fight with an 800-pound gorilla. I can however choose not to go into his cage...In my case by the end I was so tired of getting my ass kicked by the gorilla and it was such a relief to finally say "I give up. I don't want to do that any more."
Congratulations on your dedication to honesty ... You are articulating what many are afraid to ... That fantasy that we can be in control that we can moderate is of course the priority pursuit of all problem drinkers ... 'IF' we can moderate we can have everything ... but its a deception ... I remember thinking that my wife was diluting my whiskey because I was simply able to drink too much too easily; without any burn ... I went out and bought a fresh bottle ... and put the bottle to lips and drank and drank and drank ... it went down like water half a bottle of whiskey with not so much as a wince ... that's the day I quit the day I couldn't lie to myself any longer; I realised that if I had developed that level of tolerance I was not a 'normal' drinker I was in fact in grave danger ...  
I do not always get in trouble when I drink but whenever I get into trouble I have been drinking. Most of the time I could be the functional alcoholic who could make my half life look presentable on the outside. For this is not the same as being truly functional. I could just manage my affairs but I always had to fight my alcoholism in order to do that...Most of the time I would drink it was somewhat manageable but it was like playing Russian roulette. I know that I am powerless over alcohol when I take that first drink because I know the harm it does but I still did it for years. I am not powerless over alcohol if I do not drink. The only true way for me be assert power over drinking is to not drink at all.
Reading Under the Influence by Ketchum and Milam helped me understand what was happening to me. I realize I have a chronic disease that can go into remission but is not cured. Learning about alcoholism not only led to an understanding of alcoholism but to an acceptance that it had happened to me. ..Alcoholism runs in the fraternal side of my family. My grandfather died from alcoholism. My dad was in recovery from alcoholism but he died from addiction nevertheless because he was addicted to nicotine. Lung cancer took his life; my youngest sister's too. ..I inherited alcoholism. I have no hope or irrational dreams of drinking again. I know that it would eventually lead to the misery that caused me to get help to stop. ..I am grateful for this deep acceptance. It keeps me safe. I arm-wrestled with alcohol long enough to know that when I drink it I lose control of my life. I almost lost a professional career and custody of my children. Alcohol was powerful in my life and almost took it. My children deserve a sober mother and they have had one for many years now. .."Functional alcoholic" is really just a stage of alcoholism. ..As for control I have it when I don't drink. ..One day at a time worked for me so carry on with that plan!
My early current sustained sobriety was in rehab and my goal at the time was to get some clean time in and learn to gain control to moderate and become a "normal drinker". It took some sage advice time and honesty with myself to realize that all of that was a self delusion. Even the fact that I *thought* about being a "normal drinker" meant that I couldn't be one as normal drinkers don't put time energy and thought into trying to be normal drinkers they just are...and I am not. I never have been and I never will be. The only way for me to win is to not play the game...There was a post a couple of years ago about Functional Alcoholism that referenced another post that included an article I have no idea where the article came from but I'm going to copy the text like the previous poster did a couple of years ago...&gt;The myth of the  Functioning Alcoholic".&gt;.&gt;As long as I have been in recovery and working as a treatment specialist I have heard the term  Functioning Alcoholic  used many times. I find that it is often used as an excuse not to get help. It is also a way for someone to differentiate themselves from being a stereotypical alcoholic. The reality is both a  functioning alcoholic  and a  stereotypical alcoholic    are alcoholics. The  functioning alcoholic  is just waiting for the bottom to drop out..&gt;.&gt;I want to ask you for a moment to picture what an alcoholic looks like. Is this person a disheveled homeless man? Is he hanging in the alley with a liquor bottle in a brown paper bag or asking for spare change on the street? Could it be a man sitting at the bar day after day nursing his whiskey and crying about his wife how has left him? Maybe you're picturing an angry drunken family member that you were told to stay away from as a child? Are you imagining a person that's lost everything worthwhile in their life   like a home a career car family self respect? I ask because these are the images that went through my mind when I thought about an alcoholic..&gt;.&gt;When I compared myself and my drinking to these conjured figures I certainly was not an alcoholic. I was young vibrant and a woman. I hadn't totalled a car. I hadn't lost my family. I hadn't lost a career. I was a college student..&gt;.&gt;The truth is I just wasn't there yet. But I was on my way. Alcoholism is a progressive disease. We often compare the disease of addiction to cancer because no one chooses to get cancer just like no one chooses to become an alcoholic. Both diseases need professional treatment and both diseases have stages..&gt;.&gt;Let me walk you through the 4 stages of alcoholism..&gt;.&gt;Stage #1: Binge Drinking &amp; Increased Tolerance.&gt;.&gt;Are you drinking to get drunk?.&gt;.&gt;This may sound like an odd question. Who doesn't drink to get drunk?.&gt;.&gt;The truth is that the average drinker without the disease of alcoholism doesn't aim become intoxicated when they drink. The average drinker doesn't like to feel that loss of control; the feeling of oblivion. Alcoholics on the other hand love it. When I was drinking oblivion was the feeling I sought most. I continued to drink because it felt good to me. When I was hammered drunk I felt normal..&gt;.&gt;When I was in Stage #1 I didn't drink everyday. I went days sometimes a few weeks without drinking. I performed in my daily life. Drinking didn't consume my thoughts and my days were not based around when I could have something in my system..&gt;.&gt;When I did drink however I had a purpose: to get intoxicated. I would embarrass myself by falling down stairs dropping my drink and hanging on random strangers at the bar. Eventually it started to take more and more alcohol at a time to get the feeling that I wanted to achieve. Where it used to take two beers and a couple shots to get me to where I wanted to be I started to have to drink more to reach that feeling of oblivion..&gt;.&gt;In Stage #1 you may think that you're a  functioning alcoholic  because you've kept your job your car your relationships with friends and family   but you're not because once you take the first drink you have little to no control over how much you will consume..&gt;.&gt;Stage #2: Drinking as a Coping Mechanism.&gt;.&gt;Do you drink to feel better?.&gt;.&gt;Drinking to unwind sounds perfectly reasonable. It's not uncommon to want to unwind at the end of the day with a glass of wine or a cold beer. Relaxing with some girlfriends on Friday night over margaritas is a lot of fun. However this isn't what I'm talking about. What I'm talking about is the mental obsession that comes before the drink..&gt;.&gt;When I was drinking the only way that I could imagine relieving any amount of stress was by drinking alcohol. If my day at work was not going the way that I had planned I couldn't wait to clock out and have a beer. By the time Friday rolled around my first thought was getting to the bar and tying one on. As soon as the alcohol began to metabolize in my body I felt like I could finally take a deep breath. I honestly felt better when I had a buzz going..&gt;.&gt;Over time I really began to have no other coping skills for life. There wasn't any negative feeling that alcohol didn't make better. On the flip side when I was happy alcohol increased my mood even more. Every Friday was a celebration..&gt;.&gt;Sure I didn't have to drink. I wasn't physically addicted to alcohol. I didn't shake in the morning. I made it to work on time every day. My appearance wasn't altered in anyway. Sure I was hungover a couple times a week but who wasn't? I just liked to party and cut loose..&gt;.&gt;In Stage #2 you might feel like you're a  functioning alcoholic  because you still have your job   even though you're hungover some mornings you still have your car and your relationships still seem intact. But you're not a functioning alcoholic because drinking is your only coping mechanism. You are drinking to deal with stress. You are drinking to deal with success..&gt;..
