-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3ztzk/my_first_60_days/

As the title says this is my first time to quit drinking in my adult life (except for the nine months I was pregnant with my daughter) and this is my first time posting to this sub. I've been a long time lurker here and I've been really inspired by other people's stories. ..I quit drinking for a lot of reasons but for me the reasons why are less important than the actual act of not drinking. There have been days that have been easy. There have been days that have been really hard and but yet here we are. ..It seems like the days of struggle have out numbered the good days. I'm having a really hard time dealing with my anxiety and depression without the help of alcohol. There are days still where I just want to lie in bed and do nothing be nothing.  But I get up and I go the gym and meditate on self love. I go out to the forest as much as I can and I'm still seeing my therapist. I went to my first meeting the other day. ..I wish I could say that something magical has happened but it hasn't really. I'm not magically more happy. I haven't magically lost any weight. My relationships with people haven't magically improved. My depression and anxiety isn't magically cured. But I am slowly day by day becoming the person that I want to be and I'm choosing to let that be the magic of my sobriety. ..I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey great to see you here Mars girl and thanks for sharing...**Congratulations** on your 2 months sober! That's a huge milestone.
Heya. I feel you on this one. My first few months were a grind. I could tell that I was going in the right direction and that life was getting better really gradually but it was overwhelmingly difficult and I felt miserable for a long time...For me it did end eventually and then all my hard work paid off BIG TIME and things just seemed to fall into place overnight. My life is seriously the best it has ever been right now. It's amazing...Hang in there!
We're SD soul sisters!..I'm also on Day 60 today and this is also my longest stretch except for when I was pregnant. Look at us go we've got this!   IWNDWYT!
I didn't mean for my post to be all sad and gloomy I am really happy I've made it this far and I plan to keep going and striving to be that person I want to be! 
I had much the same experience.  I figured it took me a long time to become so dependent on alcohol that it would take a fair while to cut my ties with it...In retrospect it was just a piss-poor way of attempting to self-medicate.  Anti-depressants eventually kicked in and things got (slowly but noticeably) better.
IWNDWYT
Life is hard but I have learned to find some pleasure in that fact. Sounds like you've got everything in order just keep on marching forward! IWNDWYT
60 days is a big accomplishment. Congrats!  I know what you mean some days are better than others and all my problems including defects haven't magically disappeared. I try to take it one day at a time. When a difficult task or situation comes up I know at least I am best prepared to try to deal with it now instead of stupid drunk or hungover.   I will not  drink with  you today. 
