-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a40bdr/i_need_to_get_this_off_my_chest/

My drinking is getting out of control and I'm hoping that posting here will be a good first step in my recovery...I don't even care for alcohol that much and pot is my drug of choice. After abusing weed for 10 years I stopped smoking in August. I rarely drink when I have pot but almost immediately after quitting I started drinking again. First it was with my husband a few times per week and then it quickly devolved into secret drinking. ..I work from home and will drink 4-5 days a week usually during the day before my husband gets home. This of course makes me much less effective at my job. I know I'm just using substances to self medicate. But I'm struggling to figure out why I even feel this compulsion to numb myself. I have a pretty great life. An amazing supportive spouse a great job lots of freedom to do whatever I want etc. But I also feel bored and empty a lot of the time and I guess I'm using the booze to make that more tolerable. ..My husband and I want to have a child in a couple of years but I need to lose about 50 lbs before I can do that. This was one of my main reasons for quitting the pot (munchies) but I haven't made any progress in my weight loss efforts since I quit because I'm consuming so many empty calories in vodka and junk food. I'm in therapy but I don't feel like it's helping all that much. I started journaling last week. And I'm looking into the SMART recovery program. ..I had a particularly bad day of drinking yesterday and ended up passing out at 4:00. Then I woke up a few hours later feeling like garbage tried to choke down dinner and tossed and turned most of the night with a racing heart stomach ache and headache. I'm tired of abusing myself with alcohol. I'm tired of how it makes me feel less affectionate toward my husband and it's slowly driving us apart (pretty sure my drinking isn't actually so secret but he hasn't said anything). I'm tired of how it makes me procrastinate at work and do subpar work that is way beneath the kind of employee I used to be. I'm tired of what it's doing to my body and my mind...If you read this thank you for listening. Lurking this sub has been so helpful. I hope to get involved with this sub as another tool in my recovery. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm tired too. One day at a time. It's so interesting to see the similarities in many posts. Alcohol doesn't seem to do anything good for anyone. You got this. IWNDWYT. 
I feel you. You can do this. I too have been considering completely quitting drinking. I have tried quitting before only to start moderating only to start drinking more again. It's not crazy out of control yet but it will be if I don't nip it in the bud. Today I woke up after drinking more than I told myself I would-about 5 drinks. I told myself I would split some wine with my friend when she was over and then I inevitably had 2 more drinks afterward that I regret. .My husband and I are also planning on having kids in a couple years and if I've started taking folic acid to prevent neural tube defects then I should probably also stop binge drinking and lose this extra 30-40 lbs. .I'm turning 30 in January and have told myself that maybe I'll just wait til my birthday for one last hurrah but I kind of feel like now is the time. Maybe my 30s can be a time of health and different from my 20s. It's all hard but I feel like it's definitely worth it. To be able to be present parents in the future and have healthy habits now that we can carry with us.  Sorry for rambling!
