-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a40d1h/30_day_rehab/

So I'm on day 5 of a medical detox. Feeling okay. I got approved for a really good rehab program in TN for 30 days and my doctors and social worker seem to really be pushing for it. I'm scared. It's out of state and ive never done anything like this in my life. I don't know what to expect or of its even going to make a difference...I guess I'm asking you guys what have your experiences been with it? Was it worth it in the end or did it help you at least learn some coping mechanisms in case you did happen to relapse?
----------immediate responses--------

In patient treatment was my best decision ever!  It gave me a break from the booze and helped me understand why I drank.  I left with a solid recovery plan that I'm working daily and I'm coming up on 6 months.  I am grateful every day for my decision to seek treatment.  Good luck!
I'm working on coping skills with a therapist I bet you will learn helpful things in rehab..We are here to support you!
treatment was the best decision that was ever made for me.  it gave me the kickstart into recovery that i needed.  i went in with the objective of focusing on getting better.  although i've been sober since rehab is not a one and done.   .the truth is the real work starts upon leaving that bubble.  a continued connection to aa is what has helped me stay sober.   
After medical detox I did two weeks of what was called a Partial Hospitalization Program  (Mon-Fri 8a-5p) followed by four weeks of intensive outpatient (Mon-Friday 8a-1p) and then 8 weeks of aftercare which was once a week for 2 hours. ..Honestly working a rehab program surrounded by medical professionals and individuals who were working through the same struggles as me was one of the best moves I could have made and I honestly don't know if I would still be sober if I had tried to go it alone. ..That being said I was so terrified (program was semi-involuntary) that I couldn't sleep for days before going. Just try to relax be open to what they teach you and carry on the things you learn once you leave. You're going to be fine!
