-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a40frs/so_i_made_it_a_year/

December 1st. Ironically looking back I always somehow pick easy to remember days for important dates in my life. A year ago I thought there's no way I'm making this far. Maybe a month but I knew myself. I'd be fucked up soon enough and there's nothing I could do about it. My goals got worse through the years from learning my limits to towards the end just living longer than my dad did before this disease killed him (hint not long) I went to AA not believing in a dude in the sky that judges your every action. I still don't but the program still worked because I worked it for me. You guys helped a lot. I really do believe the best way to help an alcoholic is to be one yourself. We know the struggle. So for those not sure if they can do this unsure of what life holds on the other side of the bottle take it from me. It gets better. Not always easier life will still suck sometimes but facing your demons feels better than drowning them for a few hours. Get to know yourself you might like you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!  Thanks for the post.  I can relate...IWNDWYT
God bless you!  
Congratulations 
Super happy for you thanks for the wise words u/stevegoodsex.
Congrats I'll be reaching a year soon. I'm so glad I managed to go this far.
Congrats !!
Good job it keeps getting better the further we move away 
Great work 
Well done. ...a great achievement  
What an awesome post congratulations to you and your great achievement !!.I heard an old timer yesterday say that if you make it to a year  you already have a 41% of making it all the way.  :) 
Congratulations on your 1 year.  That is amazing!! 
&gt; It gets better. Not always easier life will still suck sometimes but facing your demons feels better than drowning them for a few hours...This is the most accurate way to describe it. Things are still hard they still hurt there's anxiety and fear but the mountain isn't as hard to climb. ..Congrats on one year!
&gt; Get to know yourself you might like you...Good stuff right here. Nth congratulations well earned. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Congrats!
Its the god of *your* understanding AA is a spirtual program not a religous one. 
Thank you and congrats stevegoodsex IWNDWYT
Congrats - what a feat! IWNDWYT
Keep up the good work and thanks for the post!
How does it feel after a year? What are the cravings like? How strong? How often?
Congrats on a year! That is huge! So proud of you.
congrats iwndwyt friend !
IWNDWYT
Fook yah!  Congratulations.
You rock! Congrats .IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing.  
Congrats!
I cant wait to be able to write up a similar post when i hit the year mark great work mate!
Awesome job. 
Congratulations your words inspire. 
Excellent post. Congratulations. IWNDWYT.
Congrats and continued success to you
I also stopped on dec 1 and this also killed my dad  are you me?
I quit (this time around) December 1st too. This time next year we can be sobriety siblings you one year ahead of me :) IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing!
