-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a46c63/friday_night_and_boredom_raises_its_ugly_head/

So the last 12 days have went by relatively well without any major cravings or temptations but tonite out of just plain ole boredom the little devil has come alive trying to gain just a toehold in my mind. I am not about to drink tonite nor do I really want to. It's just that right now I do not want to be sober. Nights like this just put me in a bad mood. ..I know this will pass and I will be thankful in the morning that I did not act on this boredom. Some nights are just better than others. ..Here's to all of you struggling out there tonite. I will not drink with you tonite either..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. What helped me early on with boredom was to form a few new habits and picking up older hobbies again. Cooking in bulk cleaning the house more regularly meditating playing an instrument running playing board games going to the movies and the theater etc. 
Yea I'm bored rn too and it's rainy af and I wanna be lazy w like a few to 10 drinks haha. But I won't and I like how you put it I won't feel this way in the morning. Iwdwyt
I went to the store and realized I forgot the lemons.  Right now I'm waffling between going back to get them or not.  Yay Fridays!!!  
I'm on day 13. It's these weekends without my kid's i start to crave alcohol. .I'm bored. No work or kids to distract me. I know if I get through tonight I'll be so happy in the am but right now I'm questioning sobriety cause my brain wants wine
Feeling the same as you this evening! Boredom sucks... I've talked myself out of going to the store for wine (twice). ..It will be ok. I just need to be ok with feeling bored and meh for a while. However those feelings are much better than waking up tomorrow with regret.  I won't drink with you tonight. 
Wait to realize you can do whatever the fuck you wanna do and then you will be happy. 
H.A.L.T..-never get too hungry angry lonely or tired. ..Take a moment monitor and meet your needs. This will protect you from possible relapse. ..I will not drink with you today. 
