-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a47phb/458_days_since_my_relapse_and_its_a_lie/

my badge says 458 but I actually relapsed a couple months after that.  After about 3 months sober I completely abandoned r/stopdrinking because I thought I was sober.  After my relapse I continued to drink daily for over a year now. I'd drink when I first woke up on weekends and sometimes I'd sneak one before work on weekdays. Anyway I'm sober again now 8 days.  I'll be requesting a badge reset and won't drink with you today.  Welcome me back everyone! thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Hey buddy sounds like something I'd do if I took a drink. Glad you've made it back. Take a deep breath there's a lot of support here.
Welcome back! We're thrilled you're here and this is my fourth (and longest) attempt so far so you made it farther than I did on your last try. 90 days is amazing! You know you can do it and I'm nearly there as well. Thank you for sharing your experience - that could very well be me in a week but IWNDWYT or next week. We're in this together.
Welcome back! Keep trying until it sticks.
Oh hey! Glad you're back and thanks for your honesty. IWNDWYT! 
Brave post. You could have kept doing what you're doing now and not said a word. Keep being sober and working toward staying that way. You could have requested the badge reset and not said a word. Your honesty is commendable and I'm glad you're back. 
Welcome back!  Now that I'm 3 weeks sober I'm wary of heading into that zone where I think I'm okay.
Bravo on your 8 days!
Welcome back and congratulations on your wonderful 8 days. Thanks for sharing and I look forward to sharing this journey with you.
Your story is why I'm here. While I count my days (15!) and realize how much better I feel look and act I know that if I succumb to one glass it will soon be a bottle and shortly thereafter a box- every damn night. I've been there done that. I don't like that person. Thank you for sharing how slippery that slope really is. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back. My badge still hasn't been honored but that doesn't change reality. Sobriety is yours. 
Right on it's good to see you.  Nice to see you at 8 days too!  IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT 
Took me a bunch of times before it stuck too. .NDWYT. 
Good for you soldier on... I will not be drinking with you today  
I haven't really ever left here but I'm right back at Day One with you. So welcome to us both!! 
If I relapse for a short period of time I dont count it. Its okay to drink a six pack once every few months imo. The thought that id have to tell people is more discouraging to my sobriety than just keeping it at over a year. I really drank a couple beers 2 months ago or so. But SO WHAT? 
Glad to have you back! I will not drink with you today my friend   
Welcome back and best wishes on your road to freedom.  
Welcome back! I have a similar story the second time I quit drinking my count said around 400 days although I had relapsed about 60 days in. Third time I quit and that is the count I have now. I realize now it was part of the journey.  Look forward to travelling this road with you too. 
Welcome back!
Welcome back to the true you. Every day sober is a victory. 
Welcome back. ..you can absolutely do this. ..
Welcome back! IWNDWYT!
Welcome back I still have those vivid dreams (nightmares) where I'm drinking and weeding again. IWNDWYT
Welcome back. I need a reset as well. Day 1 boo but I am  not drinking now and won't tonight either. IWNDWYT
