-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a49s6c/struggling_a_bit/

4th day sober. First sober Friday in years. First (so far) sober Saturday in years. Yesterday went great. Ate a burger for dinner watched some movies with my wife. Felt relaxed and happy...Today I have severe anxiety out of nowhere which I assume is withdrawal. No symptoms earlier this week. Well I'm sitting here with a mug of camomille tea and needed to ventilate a bit...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Those anxiety flashes are awful are you feeling better now? Good call on the tea. And congratulations on your progress! .IWNDWYT 
Glad you can ventilate and glad you're here!
Part of the withdrawal process.  Tomorrow will be a better day.
Remember to stay busy to keep your mind off things! I like to do puzzles on my iPad. Helps me forget about alcohol :)
IWNDWYT
Yeah I got a into teas and herbal supplements and nootropics and all kinds of health stuff.    Good fish oil helps the pistons get firing again.   I have heard kratom helps with not drinking.   Also  naltrexone is a drug that blocks your opiate receptors it supposedly has a high success rates amongst alcoholics or people having control problems with their drinking.   Alcohol hits your opiate receptors there for the theory is by blocking them with Naltraxone or a similar drug it will make you not enjoy drinking as much if you slip.  Like anti-bust you have to take it everyday.  Unlike antibuse you will not get sick if you slip up.   It's called the Sinclair Method.   Look it up.   It's more popular across the pond.   It wouldn't hurt asking a doc about it.   ..Since alcoholics which are approximately 10% of the US population.   That 10% accounts for over the total of 50% of alcohol sales per year.   You could see why it's not in the news in he U.S.    but camomile tea helps as well as others.  Lipton green tea is low level green tea.  If you want to step up move to bigilow or order lbs of it for pretty cheap online of teas sent from China.    I think SoCal remedies sales a pound of green tea for pretty cheap.  You could check that out.    Just throwing out as many tips as I can think of.   support groups like AA or SmART recovery help some people by being around your own kind.  Depending the meeting they will say God a lot but usually they mean their own conception of God but the older members.     Anyways I'm going to bed. Good luck and I know how you feel.  Just hold on long enough and eventually you'll more sane again.    ..If you can't do it and really want to rehabs are good to look into.   Most have scholarships and you usually have to stay on the phone or know AA folks that can help get you in due to expensive.     I would suggest that if you really get to where there is no control at all now that you are stopping.    ..I am not in the medical field just another person trying not to duck my life up internally and externally.    glad your hanging in there and don't be afraid to throw two tea bags of herbal teas in there.  Stronger the Camomile the more it will calm your nerves at least for me.    ..Supplements and Fishoil  I hope you find your way and footing. Good night. 
