-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4bw7q/11_days_clean_the_longest_in_7_years_long_post/

It took me a while deciding whether or not to create an extra account to document this drastic lifestyle change but I figured in order to account for where I have been and where I will be I decided to press on with my current. Prepare for the wall of text...I've never been a 1 or 2 beer sorta fellow. Typically that just wakes my brother up (my drinking persona) then the real consumption began. I acquired an incredibly high-quality fake ID at the age of 18 and from then on with confidence as my trusted ally nothing could stop me from drinking publicly nor in the privacy of my own home. At 19 I started drinking fifths of whiskey every 2 or 3 days while attempting to juggle school work personal life as well as my closeted developing alcoholism. This is generally the part in the story where the audience likes to ask if I have a predisposition to alcoholism in my genetics (eh) and I tell them that I just enjoyed drinking. Always have. Well let's fast forward 3 years...22 rolls around and now I'm higher functioning and more drunk than I've ever been prior. Left college and state to take care of my dying grandfather in order to keep him out of a nursing home which I assumed he would give up on living if he were there. My family isn't exactly the closest as they all pawned this responsibility off onto me being the elephant in the room to all of them with my behavior that I had no doubt they noticed periodically. Living in a remote area with a university less then 15 minutes from where I was binge drinking would now be one of my good hobbies. ..One afternoon I decided to polish off about 8 brews and a pint while on a 2-hour tube ride drove back to my house and well flipped my vehicle 6 times and totaled it. Every piece of glass shattered axles destroyed driveshaft destroyed most of my personal belongings within my vehicle destroyed or lost to damage somehow. I still have no idea how I was not charged in the hospital but I left there with no serious damage outside of bruised ribs. There was something watching over me that day; a seatbelt? ..Fell into a depression afterward when I heard that my grandfather's health was on the decline and by no surprise at the age of 88 he would pass within 5 months of this incident. Was driving when I was pulled over for an outstanding warrant dating back to the accident and swiftly arrested all the while laughing and mocking them for arresting a guilty man. I deserved it. I've never thought I haven't deserved it. I could have killed so many people but punishment never happened until that day 2 years probation suspended license mandatory alcohol classes 120 hours community service. ..3 months into my probation my grandfather passes. Triggering the drinking once more. I was conveniently never submitted to a drug/alcohol testing for some reason so why stop drinking? Knowing that you possibly put him in a grave earlier than intended guilt has a way of eating you alive. ..Present day. 11 days ago I was arrested for an alleged 2nd offense OWI and am tethered currently. Truly the only thing keeping me from relapsing. I threw every piece of contraband in my house away. Gave booze to all of my friends cleaned house and am fearing the worst. I really have lost any desire to drink again knowing that my next sip will be my last breath of non-circulated air or worse. I know that I have no self-control and I'm hoping that by finding this sub that all of you can help me much more than people that I know. I have a 9 YO dog that is my favorite being on the face of the earth and I need to not only start living more for her but for myself. I'm ready to get my brain organized and healthy. I'm ready to be the new me...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for your time if you stuck through this wall of text. I need all the positive thoughts and optimism I can get now. I don't plan on drinking ever again. Please help me achieve this...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations    
One positive thought:  as far as I can tell no one was hurt because of your driving under the influence so that's good.  You have been given another chance.  ..Another positive thought:  you've got 11 days under your belt.  The physical withdrawal is probably behind you now...Utilize this sub keep us posted and carry on!
You can do this my friend.  My legal and personal problems only got worse as my drinking continued and escalated.  The constant fear and anxiety is such a lonely and dark place.  You're not alone I've been where you've been.  I will still sober with you today!..I'm glad you have your dog to keep you company.. I also have a 12 year old dog and although it sounds silly I owe it to her to be sober and give her the best life!  
IWNDWYT
