-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4dr4m/what_is_your_relapse_drink/

I've got 90 days today and I desperately want to keep going but that cruel and manipulative "just have one" feeling creeps in so often and so loudly some days it is painful to ignore. I was thinking today about all of the times I've been able to accrue some clean time and then I mess it up with "just one." Usually my relapse drink it red wine or champagne something that feels classic and sophisticated (and then I rapidly slide back into cheap bourbon or vodka within days). I can feel myself slowly giving myself permission for hours sometimes days before so that by the time I take that drink I have spent time justifying it in my head. I have to keep replaying that last one in my head: sitting at bar sighing casually to my best friend "oh it was a very good experience i feel much more in control now" as i ordered a glass of pino noir. Flash forward to one week later when I am emerging from a river after crashing my car in the middle of the night bleeding and looking like a zombie swamp thing the furthest thing from classic or sophisticated there ever was. Not this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Not this time!  We're tired of that shit.  We have better things to do.  You're looking good at 90 days that's 3 months!!!  Right on!  
No relapse drink for me!
If you have a dedicated relapse drink you should mix epicac into it. Bet u'll think twice next time.
A fifth of vodka.  Then perhaps a few more bottles beginning the next morning...IWNDWYT
My relapse drink is called  Two Weeks Away From a Solid Bowel Movement.  Doesn't matter what I start with. Also doesn't matter how often I do it. Water seeks its own level and I'll end up drunk every day and shitting like a goose. Well the shitters full Clark and I'm staying sober this holiday.
My relapse drink is Lacroix Coconut Water. I relapse every day.
My relapse drink was a glass of champagne at my wedding. It was followed by continuing to drink the next day until I passed out on a sidewalk in the middle of a city. Now I'm fairly sure my next relapse drink will be the one that kills me and I sure as hell do not want to leave this planet on alcohol's terms. So now my relapse drink everyday is AA meetings. It's not all sunshine and cheer but at least booze doesn't get to dictate my day.
