-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4g2qu/after_131_days_i_relapsed/

So I was so flipping proud of myself but it was my birthday and I thought what the he'll i think i can handle it. We all ended up having an amazing night so I thought great this could be a good change for me because normally I am a very mean drunk. I proceeded to drink 3 more times and each night ended so badly. I even ended up going to jail for a weekend for beating up my fiance (he is okay though and so are we). I am now facing a felony battery charge! 131 days that of which were the best of my life down the fucking drain with terrible consequences to boot. Not to mention all of the other shit things that started happening in my life. I then decided i just can't do this any more. Not ever. Even if I "think" I'll be able to handle it. It's not worth the possible outcomes that could most likely be life changing. ..How do you stay sober? I need all the help support and tips that i can get!
----------immediate responses--------

You have more days than I do so I am not sure what I can offer in terms of advice. But this time around I am reminding myself that picking up is the first step to unwanted consequences. And how do I avoid those consequences?  I don't pick up.  I have been obsessively attending online meetings too and posting on here and it all keeps me focused on sobriety. 
Save his post and re-read it every time you think about alcohol ..&gt;I even ended up going to jail for a weekend for beating up my fiance..This is not ok. Alcohol is not good for you...What works for me is to post in the daily check-in every day. Every day with few exceptions like when camping and out of cell range I say I will not drink with you today and I don't. ..Best of luck ..
I realized I needed a sober support network and tools...Recovery meetings were essential...Tried meetings?
I relapsed after a little more than you and it went downhill equally as fast. Most important thing is to learn from it and change something this time around. I started working the AA program and it feels like it's the one piece of the puzzle I'd been missing
You made a positive step by posting here.  I can relate since this has happened to me.  Best wishes for today.  Thanks
