-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4mps4/another_day_wasted_enough_is_enough/

Hello... after many Sunday's (and other days) of half-jokingly swearing I'll stop I now feel it's time.  I feel like I've fallen out of love with alcohol and want to be free of it.  .I don't drink everyday but I can't say no when I do. Last night was a girls catch up and Ive lots of friends who are big social drinkers.  I wouldn't dream of having shots and throwing down that sort of amount on my own but in a social situation I will just drink whatever is put in front of me..I've missed an important family party today because I feel so ill (and it's not the first time.)The worst thing is everyone will know why I couldn't make it when they find out I was out last night..I drink half to a whole bottle of wine 4-5 nights - I may have the odd lunch if I'm off work.  On a night out I dread to think of the units! I went to my sons parent/teacher meeting last week after a full bottle over the afternoon. I loathe myself for that..I had children later than many mothers and I ADORE them.  I want to be healthy and  see them have their own kids and also not be the one responsible for teaching them that drinking is a way of life.  .My biggest problem will be worrying about not being the  fun one  and that my friends will struggle to support me These relationships are important to me but now seeing it is time to prioritise better..I plan to take one day at a time and would appreciate any support and tips that may sustain me..Thank you for taking time to read.
----------immediate responses--------

Now is as good a time as any. If theres alcohol in ur home right now get rid of it. Sink or gift it away. Dont think abt the future too much just dont drink *today.* You can do it. Get a badge on here. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Good news: You never have to go through this bullshit again...If you're serious about quitting then I'd recommend thinking of new sober activities to do with friends. I find that drinking "friends" aren't really friends. You're drinking dopamine in a bottle. That's almost cheating to have a good time...Now I'm not saying you shouldn't hang out with your girlfriends. Try inviting them out for yoga one morning or maybe you guys could go camping/glamping. And furthermore now can be a time to develop a hobby.
I totally relate to that especially having kids later than others in life but also fostering other relationships and not being fun anymore. At this point it's been a week bc one day when I woke up believing I was in alcohol withdrawal and I was scared shit! Well now those other relationships don't seem so important and neither does being fun. What matters most is my son and staying healthy for his life bc he will need his mom. After feeling so crappy I also wondered if I was ever in withdrawals in the past and if I just ignored or told myself it was something else. Anyway good luck to you! I never realized how much the abuse I put my body through will bother me until I had a kid. 
