-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4nfca/embarrassed_myself/

I think I embarrassed myself at a works do last night. I know I hugged someone I don't really know that well and smoked cigarettes. I'm missing a chunk of memory. ..I'm shaking with anxiety and not looking forward to tomorrow. ..I've been struggling with drinking for a while and shouldn't have gone at all tbh. The problem was exacerbated by small food portions but it was me. I knew knew I would fuck up and I still went and did it. ..My job is great but has a long commute and I'm so tired of waking up at 6.30am every day. I've been wondering if I'm trying to sabotage it. What if I get fired? I think it's unlikely but if I was we'd be sunk; my partner is unemployed. Life is already insecure and crappy; what the hell was I thinking being so self destructive????..I've committed to giving up alcohol. I'm reading the Allan Carr book I'm looking into therapy and I've joined this group. ..I'm just so mad at myself. I'm in my thirties; my 20 something colleague was a model of decorum. I hate myself so much for doing this and being such a failure at my age. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not that bad. Hugging someone may feel embarassing but it's not like you punched someone. And there were certainly other people there who may not be feeling too thrilled about their own behaviour. I found that acknowledging the incident in a low key way if the opportunity arose and then moving forward with conviction was the way to go. And don't forget that high alcohol consumption in itself causes heightened anxiety. Treat yourself kindly today. It's not the end of the world and now you have a solid example of why you should not drink. 
Chin up. You just made the best decision of your life. We're all here for you. And if what you described doing at your work function was scary I can just assure you it's light compared to shit I've done. Try not to worry too much about the past- you don't live there anymore. I hope you can find peace in the moment. IWNDWYT  
Here is to your fresh start! And to all the glorious days ahead. 
Well you've come to a place with a bunch of folks who have gone through very similar things. You aren't alone. ...I have found that while my drunken behavior has certainly been outrageous/embarrassing/dangerous/illegal (I could go on...) in a situation where lots of people are drinking together I'm not the center of anyone's consistent attention other than my own and even then it's nearly all in retrospect. It feels insurmountable now but it won't forever. Deciding to make a change is the hardest part and here you are so you're moving in the right direction. ..One day perhaps I'll give myself what I feel is the proper reckoning for all the years of agonizing drunken behavior... but for now I know I am making the RIGHT choice so I will show myself kindness and patience and get through whatever is right in front of me here and now...I will not drink with you today!
I don't know if it's acceptable at your office but several years ago I met with my boss and told him I would prefer to decline the office  party because of my social anxiety. He was surprised because I have a pretty high profile job but he understood the difference in the social aspect. Now everyone knows  oh Random doesn't come to parties . So even before I stopped drinking I never opened myself up to that particular trap. Best of luck. I hope you are feeling a bit better. IWNDWYT.
Ahhh sweetie! Deep breaths. This really will be behind you soon. You made a judgement error. Not one single human on earth is exempt. Big hugs to you! This time tomorrow you will already feel a bit better. Deep breaths. 
I'm feeling the exact same way. A couple of nights ago there was an after party after the work event. I shouldn't have even gone to the second location i should have just gone home but i didn't. I was out entirely too late missing a chunk of time and just an overall feeling of embarrassing myself. My anxiety and depression is at a level i didn't even know it could get to right now. 
