-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4smbn/i_didnt_have_to_be_nervous/

I've been steadily been reducing my drinking over the last several months much to do with the help of this community. I've decided not to drink anymore and have been totally sober since 11/26. One of the things I've been most nervous about is explaining to other people why I'm not drinking. Despite several hours of worrying about it I couldn't quite come up with the right line. But I've been to three events now where I haven't had anything alcoholic to drink one work related two parties and no one has said ANYTHING. I mean nothing. I just ordered a club soda or drank the juice/club soda I brought and enjoyed the company. The closest thing I got was  where'd you get that club soda? Cuz I want one.   Maybe I'm lucky but it's just turned out to not be as big a deal as I thought. I hope the same is true for the rest of you I know all crowds/families/people are different! ..PS Is there something similar in sobriety communities to the  Non Scale Victory  that is in weight loss communities? This feels like the equivalent. It wasn't a struggle not to drink but a victory in that what I was nervous about materialize. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy for you! I have had similar experiences. Most folks just don't care. They care too little to even notice.
Alcohol is the only drug you have to justify quitting.  It's insane. .That said I've received positive feedback from friends/family
I've never been questioned about not drinking; however I'm a vegetarian living in Texas and people are beside themselves about my not eating meat...like I get SERIOUS peer pressure to have a steak or fajitas but no one seems to care about my not drinking.  LOL   
I am amazed at how many people worry about how to tell others they aren't drinking. In my experience no one really notices if you are drinking or not. .It would be different for events that are primarily for the purpose of drinking but those are easy to avoid. 
