-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4u54r/i_dont_know_what_to_do_anymore/

I relapsed last night. I live in Tokyo where there is a big drinking culture and I've been testing the waters to see if I could control myself. ..I couldn't. ..I knew I couldn't I've tried this before but I thought "well maybe this time will be different".  No matter which way you look at it I have a problem with alcohol. ..Here's the story (nothing bad happens so don't expect anything crazy): ..Sometimes I just get a hankering for a beer which is what happened last night. So I picked up two beers and dinner after work. I was off the next day so I wasnt too worried about being hungover. I drank those two and was talking on the phone with a relative. I went back to the store twice to get a total of two more beers. Grand total of 4 now. Some things get brought up that get me stressed so I go to karaoke to sing it off. While at karaoke I drink 6 or 7 cola highballs. Grand total of at least 10 drinks over 6ish hours. I was very drunk sang a lot smoked a lot and even streamed my drunk self on Instagram. Very embarrassing. ..Everything seemed to be going well. When I returned home I eat my food and lay down to go to sleep. This is when the spins hit me. I went to the bathroom to force myself to throw up. I puked everything that was in my stomach up or so I thought. I stumbled back to my futon and went to sleep. At some point I woke up to needing to throw up. However I didn't have enough time to make it to the bathroom. Thankfully my towel was nearby and I puked on it. I shudder to think what would've happened if I'd been on my back like I normally sleep. ..So today my off day I have done nothing. I have barely moved. It hurts to move it hurts to breathe and I haven't eaten at all. I am so disappointed in myself for how much I drank. ..So now to address the title of the post: I am at my wit's end. I literally don't know how to control this. I have been very good this year only having been drunk a few times (previous relapses) but I have gotten hammered twice in 3 months now and I'm scared. ..I'm scared I'll slip back into who I used to be. I'm scared I'll never get complete control over this and I'm scared it might one day kill me. I've posted here a few times before and I've been subscribed for a while so I know how this sub can help people. So I'm just asking begging pleading.....Please..Help me. Help me figure out some way to stop myself. Some way to rid myself if this black cloud following me and zapping me from time to time. ...If you read the whole thing I'd like to thank you for your time. If you comment I'd like to preemptively thank you for your time and consideration. ..Zeus
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing you can do it! Sounds like you've come to a conclusion similar to a lot of us on here: moderation is not possible (for me at least and others I've seen posting here)
It only seems impossible until you do it.  N we can do it 
Think of yourself being on a journey and there are slip ups but they are opportunities to learn from rather than failures. Do you know the triggers that you hit - you need a strategy to avoid them? It sounds like you are actually doing amazingly well with only getting hammered a couple of times in 3 months which is something like 97% successful - that is pretty impressive..Keep going stay strong an positive!.I lived in Tokyo for many years and know how in your face the drinking culture is and how available alcohol is. I had a couple of years there that I didn't drink and I had to avoid a number of situations that were triggers and make a very conscientious effort to do so.
Welcome back Zeus. Your quick return shows that you want this. Knowing that I am not alone on this adventure was a big thing for me. Support is critical. I have promised myself and a couple of friends that I will make contact w/them before I will drink. Even if I can't contact them...I can come here and ask for help. The old saying about asking for forgiveness rather than permission does not work well in this scenario. Reach out...SD is 24/7 and filled with folks who will share encouragement understanding and wisdom. Have a plan. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Sharing is one of the most important things you can do.  When you tell your story and admit that it is something you can't control the shame associated with it goes away.  You realize there are many other people around you and in this community who get it and won't judge you.  ..&amp;#x200B;..When I admitted I couldn't control myself everyone was very sympathetic.  There was no shame just relief from myself and the people around me.  But I was furious.  I was angry.  I felt weak and inferior for not being able to control my alcohol and participate in what was then a huge part of my life.  But once you accept that drinking is not possible for you it becomes like having a peanut allergy.  Something you have to be cognizant of but there will be still something on the menu for you.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I found that once I stopped drinking I could once again read books go to the gym and focus on making plans for the future.  I adjusted my schedule to one that worked for me.  And without even trying I started to want to surround myself with people whose main activity on a weekend wasn't getting hammered. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's an adjustment and when you are first starting out it seems insurmountable because it is a lifestyle change.  But one that is worth it.  Take it day by day.  All you have to worry about is today.  
Welcome. When I was really desperate to stop I decided I'd give anything an honest try before deciding it wouldn't help me quit. That decision brought me to recovery meetings where I found that the extra support I got from meeting others in person who had successfully stopped made all the difference. Tried meetings? I know they exist in Tokyo. Glad you're here. 
Moderation isn't possible. This is something I failed to accept for years but this sub has taught me that lesson. We are alcoholics and we will never be able to enjoy alcohol like those who don't abuse it. You have to think of this as all or nothing you can't do it with the mentality that you'll learn control eventually. The control isn't there and that's why you have to quit its why we all decided to quit. ..You aren't alone in your shame and pain. I relapsed on Saturday and ruined my life. I'm covered in so many bruises that I couldn't even go to work today. You aren't the only one you aren't alone. 
