-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4w94u/two_years_today/

Today I am two years sober. My life has changed dramatically in two years. Sobriety is the hardest and easiest thing I've ever done. My life went from HARD struggling dragging myself out the door to nurse a hangover at work to happy upon waking energy and optimism for the day. After getting sober I got serious about saving for a home and bought one the following year. I got serious about my fitness and am now where I want to be. I got serious about healing my dysfunctional family dynamic and I am almost there. ..&amp;#x200B;..A lot happened during these two years. They have not been not easy by any means. My dad died. Such a tiny sentence for a giant void that words can't describe. There has been no alcohol to comfort me or numb my feelings. I thank every star that I quit before he died. The depression from alcohol may have killed me too. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you're trying to quit or feeling hopeless please know that you can do it. If I can anyone can. I read that alcohol does indeed cause people to make poor choices makes life harder and creates problems in life that otherwise would not happen. It may be hard to not drink in the moment but life gets easier if you don't. The temporary discomfort I felt not drinking at three weddings was worth the day-long good feelings the following mornings. ..&amp;#x200B;..Life Pro Tip - Club soda with lime at parties Laqroix in a can after work. I still need a "drink in my hand" in social settings but I've found that non-alcoholic versions work just as well as alcohol. ..Cheers to no more hangovers to no more regret and to no more shame. You can do it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you!..I'm so sorry about your father. I have a good relationship with mine and the thought of him not here is just too weird to think about. ..I know it sounds cliche but I think he'd be happy to know you're dealing with his death without alcohol. The death of a loved one much less a parent is never easy. But I think it's safe to say that your life is nowhere near as bad of a shape as it is if you used alcohol as a crutch.
Congratulations!!! You rock!!..IWNDWYT
Congrats...IWNDWYT
"not easy by any means" is so true. Life still happens. ..But I found that even though life still presented MANY challenges they were all easier to deal with sober. ..Congrats. 
Well done - you are an inspiration!
Congratulations on 2 years of freedom!!!    
Congratulations on 2 years! Wow and thank you for sharing. Your post will no doubt inspire others as it has me. I am looking forward to sharing a similar post in a year or two from now. ..Sorry to hear of your dad's passing. I can't imagine navigating through that difficult time sober. You are an inspiration. ..I will not drink with you today
Beautiful. Thanks for sharing. Congratulations on two years sobriety. IWNDWYT  
I'm so sorry for your loss. But that you're able to be present and here for those feelings and all that your father's passing brings is a gift in itself. ..You're amazing and I will not drink with you today!
Hey! First I wanted to congratulate you on 2 years. That's definitely something to be proud of. Secondly. I'm sorry for your loss. My dad died when I was 19 and I used alcohol to numb the pain that comes with the loss of a loved one. Such a temporary fix that left me having to actually deal with all those emotions (in a healthy way) years later. Definitely think alcohol stunted my emotional growth. Thanks for sharing your story. Gives me hope.
Congrats! I have my eye on 1 year coming up and have experienced a lot of good in the last year. Hoping that will continue after I hit that milestone! IWNDWYT. 
Whooooohoooooo 
100% agree with all the advice...Congrats on 2 years in spite of the challenges...
&gt; Life Pro Tip - Club soda with lime at parties Laqroix in a can after work. I still need a "drink in my hand" in social settings but I've found that non-alcoholic versions work just as well as alcohol.  .  .So much truth. Soda with Lime is awesome for bars. You can get 12 packs of house-brand flavored soda water for like $2.20 at most grocery stores with a bunch of different flavors. I live on the stuff.
Congrats! 
Thank you so much for this post. It's really inspiring to me. I spent a year sober (2016) and experienced the death of my mom during that period--I'm so happy I wasn't drinking then. After slipping back into the habit (and with several attempts at sobriety since) I'm really looking forward to living the regret-free life again. I already feel so much better. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks again!
Saving for a home and fitness. I have similar plans and your story motivates me to keep going. Thanks for sharing. 
Congratulations!  Inspirational; thank you for sharing.  Coming up in two years myself and I echo your comments.  Stay strong.
Thank you
Wow you are definitely in the right place. I remember being at work Monday morning and having the shakes so bad and sweating so much. Life is so much better when we clear away the wreckage and heal ourselves.  I also came from an extremely toxic family as I believe virtually all of us do. It helps to understand how we became like this. Now that we know we can break the cycle. Wonderful work getting 2 years! You are doing fantastic!
Thanks for sharing your story and congratulations on your success.
Congrats and continued success to you
Congratulations! 2 years is a huge milestone. I can't even imagine the change in life in that timeframe but thinking of it is very inspirational. I've been sober for 7 days and I'm happy for that already   
Thank you for sharing. Congratulations on taking charge of your life. Not an easy thing. I'm raising my glass club soda to you!
Congratulations on two years of continuous living sober...
This inspired the hell out of me. Thank you for sharing.
So proud of you and what you've accomplished.  It will keep getting better too!  IWNDWYT 
Thanks for the post 
Good job! I hope to reach even a year.
My dad is having so many health complications - two major heart events in the last six months. My brain goes to that dark place and I wonder  would I drink if he passed suddenly?  And then I remind myself how sick this disease is - that one of my first thoughts is basically can I get drunk now? It's the little battles you win daily that add up to success. Congrats on your many victories. 
Congratulations on your enormous achievement! I am so sorry for your loss but am so glad you were able to become sober before your father's passing. ..Wishing you all the best keep going! IWNDWYT  
**High^Five for 2yrs /u/breakup_letter!**        ..You give hope to others and are proof that recovery is possible. Thanks for posting!
Huzzah!
Congrats!
IWNDWYT 
Congrats! Thanks for sharing this with all of us. ..IWDWYT
Bravo!
Congratulations on two years. Speaks volumes about your hard work. Keep up the great work. 
Awesome job! Keep up the good work!
Accidentally downvoted! Ignore that notification. I think I successfully removed the downvote.  
Congratulations on 2 years ! That's awesome. Thank you for this post I have been having a bit of a rough time this week but your post has reminded me of the blessings of being sober. Have a great day!
