-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4wqcr/drug_dreams/

Ever since I got sober I've had dreams once in a while where I start drinking again can't stop feel like I'm reversing all the progress I've made in sobriety tell friends and family to fuck off... Then I wake up and feel relieved that it was just a dream or sometimes I end up worrying because I realize that falling off the wagon would be *so easy*. ..But last night I dreamed about eating edibles. I used to smoke a lot of weed mostly in college. I was an every day stoner. I'd procrastinate a lot on schoolwork and go on long walks in the woods with friends to smoke. But since I stopped getting high constantly I've just done it a few times a year in social settings. I never really fantasize about it like I fantasize about getting drunk. ..Which is why last night's dream was weird. In the dream I was like "this is okay it's not alcohol..." but I still felt bad about it because I knew that I was once "addicted" to weed. I feel like the self-destructive part of my mind was like "okay she's still not drinking despite these dreams let's try tempting her with weed! \*evil laugh\*" Which I think is equal parts funny and annoying that I keep trying to trick myself into doing that stuff again. ..I will not drink with you today. Life is trippy enough sober especially with these dreams. ..You guys get dreams about relapses etc right? Has stuff come up in the dreams that surprised you? ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely! I'm working on day 12 right now without the drink and I've been having dreams of drinking the past 4 nights. It's horrifying until I wake up and realize it wasn't real. I literally can taste the liquor in my dream and feel ashamed. I agree - I think it's your mind telling you how easy it would be to fall off and drink again. And I think it's also showing you the path you could have taken if you continued - and to beware! ..&amp;#x200B;..Very trippy indeed..
IWNDWYT
Yep I'm 3 weeks sober currently and the last few nights I've been dreaming about going out and drinking. Last night I dreamed I went out to dinner and the next thing my friends were telling me that I blacked out. Thankfully it was just a dream.
