-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4wt0y/today_i_was_given_another_chance_that_i_didnt/

I posted here yesterday regarding my boyfriend breaking up with me over my drinking. I in no way feel like I'm the victim here. He has been a victim to this addiction and he inherited the consequences of living with someone that has a problem that is not his. ..I feel horrible to the point that I had to call in to work and take a mental health day. I can't face my coworkers after the absolute fool I made of myself at the Christmas party. Looking at all those photos posted on the company's pages makes me want to throw up...I look so trashed. I wanted to fit in with the company culture and have a good time since I'm new to the company instead I was the talk of the night and now there are photos to memorialize my humiliation. ..Today my bf told me that he will give me one last chance and I'm surprised that he did. I almost feel like it isn't real and he is going to come back to his senses and leave me when he gets home from work. He said we have seven months until our lease is over if I relapse one more time then we are done and we won't have any discussion about it otherwise. One drink and it's over. This is very fair. I don't deserve this I am a horrible person but I want to make sure I don't let him down again. ..I cannot allow this poison to ruin my great new job make me lose my soul mate and the love of my life and affect me any longer. Alcohol is dead to me. After posting on this sub and reading through it I finally learned something that has failed to register with me for years....I will never be able to control my drinking. I am an alcoholic the control was never there moderation doesn't exist for me and the only control I can have is the ability to say NO THANKS to that first drink. ..Here is to the rest of my life I hope I don't fuck this up wish me luck. And thank you for all your advice yesterday. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well you laid out all the great reasons to move forward with a happy life and at the same time recognized what took me forever to realize. I cannot moderate with alcohol. Tried that experiment far too many times to count. Funny how every time I talked myself into "moderating" I conveniently forgot how it didn't work the other 2-300 tries. ..You can do this and this is a great place to come for support encouragement and to just vent when you need to. Good luck to you in this journey. ..I will not drink with you today
Its not that bad being a nondrinkerin fact its great!While it's tough to retrain yourself I just think of the embarrassing moments missedthe relationships strengthenedthe $ savedthe mornings of feeling greatthe moments with those I care for that can be experienced for realthe pride of contoling something that had taken over my life.........All at the lowlow cost of giving up something as insignificant as alcohol.Welcome aboard. I will not drink with you today. 
Alcohol destroys relationships.  In the same boat as you I really hope I can make amends.
I'm really sorry to hear your relationship couldn't be saved. You sound as though you're hating on yourself though. There's a distinction between looking at your life taking responsibility for your choices and making changes and getting stuck in guilt shame and self-loathing. Invest in gentle self-love and self-care. Be your own lover and best friend for now. Stay connected with us and let us know how you're going! xox
I'm so sorry. You are strong and you will be okay. Please let us know how you are or reach out in any way you need--there's chat on the sidebar too. I will not drink with you today.
My girlfriend left me for my drinking 2 months ago. We discussed it all through but I still tried to convince myself afterwards that my drinking effected  only indirectly  to us going separate ways. A week ago I finally faced the whole thing honestly. It was the direct result of my drinking. All my time money and energy had gone into drinking for so long that we weren't a real couple anymore. Just an irresponsible drunk and a person who tried to build her life while worrying about me constantly. Five years together and I chose drinking over her. Drinking twists the way how we see the world and our priorities. 7 days sober now onwards and upwards...I will not drink with you today
