-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4x37j/for_those_that_have_stopped_drinking_so_you_still/

Weird question I know. But I ask it honestly: I mean like do you pick up a bottle of wine to bring to the friends house when they're hosting dinner or maybe you pick some up so when your SOs friends come over there's beer in the house or maybe picking up a bottle for a holiday gift for someone? A bottle of wine for cooking with? ..I've been having a debate with my SO about why I thought it was insensitive he asked me to pick up some beers prior to friends coming over while I went to the grocery store. It's kind of an innocent request but it sort of stopped me in my tracks. No I will not spend my hard earned money on booze that I can't drink. I'm struggling enough w/ sobriety as it is. I'm wondering if I need to develop a hard a fast rule so I minimize brain power spent on this issue. Thoughts welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

No. They might think I'm square but that shit is poison and I'm not supporting anybody drinking it. 
If it were me I'd put a rule firmly in place for the time being. Reassess as needed. While your sobriety is your responsibility alone that also means you also get to choose how to make it work for you. .I told my SO that I was okay with having alcohol in the house but I wasn't going to be the one to get it. And I only realized I was uncomfortable buying it after I had been asked. ..We may be making it up as we go but if this is what it takes to stay sober so be it. Stay strong take care and IWNDWYT
I don't and I wouldn't. It's not that I think that it's a problem for other people to drink I only know that drinking is a problem for me. But I'm not going to worry about making sure that other people have something to drink and I'm not going to put myself in the position of purchasing alcohol or keeping it around for other people. My sobriety is more important than providing others with alcohol. ..I guess that's my hard and fast rule - I prioritize my sobriety above everything else including social niceties. And I see no problem in telling people that it's BYOB and take it with you when you go. When I was sober and living with a drinking spouse he purchased alcohol for guests.
I will provide for guests if I anticipate them drinking or if going to a party I'm attending. ..I'll also typically get some seltzer or something for myself. ..It entirely has to do with your relationship to alcohol as a non drinker. On SD you'll see all types some people who won't do mouthwash with alcohol and others who don't drink but aren't as concerned about booze in cakes or mouthwash what have you. That is a false dichotomy but bear with me. ..If I were the former I wouldn't provide for others. I'm somewhere between those dichotomies as I think most of us are and I count myself lucky that I can do this kind of thing with minimal added urge to drink. ..You need to make the decision that is right for you and your post drinking relationship to alcohol. If you don't want to/can't for whatever reason be communicative. ..You're not stepping on social norms to politely decline the request you're making your sobriety a priority. The asker is the asshole if they push
I have gladly driven people to the store for more beer but that's the extent of it. I would never physically carry the stuff through a store and pay for it. Heck I still feel a little weird when I buy the occasional six pack of non-alcoholic brew.
Like cigarettes I would do it if they gave me the money but I am not buying booze or smokes for anyone with my own money. ..However this is not about me but about your comfort level. You are obviously not comfortable doing this and your SO needs to respect that.  ..These are your boundaries that you need to draw not ours. Maybe one day you might feel more comfortable doing it but clearly not now. So say no and kindly explain why to him. Keep in mind you are not asking a lot for him to get his own booze for his friends. 
Nope. I haven't set foot in a liquor store since I quit.
Nope. My so still drinks a little bit but he switched to vodka at my request.  I hate it so much that I don't consider it a viable option when I'm having a craving. He did the same thing while I was pregnant so I wouldn't be jealous watching him drink. ..When we go to someone's house I will make a side dish generally. Or if I think they won't have anything for me to drink I'll bring something for myself 
Early in sobriety I wouldn't have even if asked as I didn't need that kind of pressure.  Now that I've got a couple years under my belt it wouldn't bother me.  I don't provide booze at social stuff at my house as it's expensive and it isn't my responsibility- if people want it they are welcome to bring it (and to take it home after).  The couple of times I have purchased alcohol it was strictly for cooking.  My SO drinks very sparingly so if she asked me to grab something I would be fine to do so although I doubt she would.  In the end though it's about everyone's individual journey so if you're not okay with it then you aren't and it's not for him to insist otherwise.
I find I can be around drinkers with no problem. And I would have no problem buying it to contribute to a party. However It is not something I would just do. If going to an event I bring food a desert of soft drinks. ..As for your SO he cannot know what you are feeling so don't be too hard on him. Just tell him that you do not want to have alcohol around and you don't want to buy it. Let him know that this is a struggle and that you would appreciate his help in avoiding alcohol. 
I don't.  I don't mind if other people drink but I'm not going to go buy any.  The ritual of purchasing alcohol is a no-go zone for me I'm just really completely not interested in doing it.  At all.  
It actually isn't an innocent request at all if you are still struggling with sobriety.  What if it was another drug you were struggling to stop using?  Oh hey I know you are trying to quit smoking cold turkey but if you go and get gas can you run in and pick me up a pack of smokes?  I'm trying to limit this to legal drugs but how about hey honey can you swing over and pick up some blow - and if he has any heroin get some of that.   Or hey I know you are trying to do a Whole 30 diet this month but can you pick me up some ice cream?   Good luck and focus the brain power on staying sober.  ..I will not drink with you today. 
It's your life your recovery your money your rules. If you aren't comfortable picking up alcohol for others then absolutely don't do it. ..I had a small dinner party last night and instructed guests to bring their own wine if they wanted it. They did and it was fine. ..I'm an avid cook and I'm still on the fence about whether I will eventually purchase wine to cook with. But I know I don't have to answer that question today. Today I just have to not drink. :)..Something I've been reflecting on a late lately is this: the idea of being  selfish in my recovery.  I'm allowed to be. I NEED to be for this to work. When I'm not comfortable with something I have to put my foot down. I can't be afraid to tell people no. My recovery is too important! I have 93 days today which is a huge accomplishment in some ways but I still have so far to go and so much healing to do. The only way I will get there is by being selfish in my recovery. 
