-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4yssc/im_sorry_open_letter_to_the_alcoholic_that_i/

I know you're never going to see this but I have to get some things off my chest. I knew you were struggling with depression and anxiety but I ignored it because we were both so  much "fun" to be around when we drank. I knew you struggled with severe alcoholism; I would watch you take shot after shot of vodka at all times of the day. I was there to take you home when you always became belligerent or intolerable to be around in public. I watched you barely eat a couple hundred calories a day and slowly starve yourself because your disease was so severe that your only appetite was for alcohol. ..&amp;#x200B;..And what did I do? Did I get the booze out of my house? Tell you that we can't do this anymore? No. I drank with you. You would make yourself a cocktail well I would make one for myself too. When we would kill a handle of vodka together in a day and a half? I would walk to the liquor store to buy us another one. ..&amp;#x200B;..The friends with benefits thing was fun for the first few months until it turned into something more. I told you that I loved you. You told me that you loved me too but the only times you said it back was when you were drunk. I kept pushing for a relationship with you even though I knew in my head that you weren't in any sort of position for something like that. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's now been three months since we've had any contact when you texted that you missed me. When I said it was too difficult to be treated like one of your guy friends and I was looking for something a little more serious with someone who felt the same. That I loved you and I'll always care about you and that I wish you the happiness you deserve. That depression and anxiety can be brutal alcohol is only going to make it worse and that there's no shame in you going to talk to someone. Three months since I cut you out of my life. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm sorry for enabling your disease and perpetuating your suffering. I miss being with you so much and I want nothing more than to message you asking how you've been but I know that's only going to lead down a dark path for the both of us. I want nothing more than to know that you're ok and that you're seeking help but I know that's only something you can do on your own terms. I'll always care about you no matter what. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.. I'm sending you love and strength    xx 
So.. I'm puzzled as to why you thing we are an appropriate audience for this letter.  Are you an alcoholic?  Are you here to get this off your chest?  Are you stopping drinking like us?  If not and if you're reaching out to anyone who will listen may I suggest the r/Alanon site for people who love or live with an alcoholic.  They may be able to comment and help you process these feelings.  Best wishes.  
This hit me in a weird place. I was in a relationship like this. I told her I wanted to change and she couldn't deal so we parted ways. I haven't seen or heard from her in years. ..I hope she got the help she needed. Thanks for sharing. 
I feel like I should have written this.  Including losing my father as the main tipping point into the bottle...Or had someone write it to me...The hardest thing was to admit that I was kind of a jerk.  And to let people go.  And to hope that they become better versions of themselves without me...I'm making new friends.  Ones that don't drink all the time.  It's kind of cool....I will not drink with you today.
Yeah. Wow. My ex husband. He disappeared never saw him again after he signed on the sale of our home. I know what this is like. Thanks for your post 
Change the beverage to whiskey and we've got the same heartache that keeps driving some of my relapses. Although oddly enough I told myself this morning that I was going to love myself and accept and love others regardless of current circumstances (because all anyone can do is one day at a time). She showed up today and I opened up to her about how very real MY struggle is. She was the one who pushed me to rehab I owe her my life. She is also who I had to distance myself from the most. I drove her to drink more and did more damage to her drinking habits than my heart can bear to admit. I wish you well on your journey say outloud what you want daily you'll be surprised at how you're answered. Be well. IWNDWYT  
Actually saying your intentions/wishes/thoughts...  outloud. Not in your head but vocalizing it. Something that was suggested to do in yoga at the start of the day. It supposed to "give voice" to positivity/healing by asking it from the universe/God (form of prayer). It gives strength by just hearing it from your self.
Thanks for posting.  I hope it was helpful and healing to you.  If it means anything your post helps me.  You are in my thoughts and the best to you.  Life is hard.  You have us.
IWNDWYT
