-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a51d9u/relapse_and_death/

I just got this text:. ."Maybe you heard but 'Ann's' boyfriend relapsed and died."...No I hadn't heard. My friend was so very happy being with him.  She had been out of town. She called.  He didn't pick up.  She went to his house.  He had drunk a bottle of bourbon. He fell and hit his head. He bled to death alone.  And there my friend found him dead the man she loved. ..I feel sick.  I cannot imagine the horror the unrealness of it all for my friend.  ..We take so much shit for granted.  Our loved ones our bodies our lives.  ..iwndwyt.
----------immediate responses--------

I always knew this disease kills. It somehow seems worse that you can just....fall and die from it.
Unfortunately the crap like this is all to common...Condolences on your friends and your loss...I will not drink with you today 
We've all only got so many relapses in us.  I remember finding out the lead singer of the Cranberries got drunk and drowned in a bathtub.  So very sad and wasteful.
Ugh.  Heartfelt sympathies.
This is chilling and a reminder to me of what a relapse for me could look like. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT 
Ugh. My soul is hurting today for your friend and the person's family. As grave as this may sound this is a stark reminder of how fast things can go south if we go back to the old ways.    ...IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Alcohol wants to wreck your life and/or kill you. 
This thing is a serial killer. One more day of not drinking.
I had a great friend die in similar circumstances. Alone at the bottom of some icy stairs. My rock bottom almost reulted in the same thing. I'm 5 days sober today. Never going back. Sorry for the loss. 
Heartbreaking. IWNDWYT
Damn... that's awful. Sorry to hear about your loss.
My neighbor died this way a 40-something woman who lived mysteriously fell down the stairs in the middle of the night. I hadn't hung out with her in years because of her excessive drunkenness. Our last conversation as friends was years ago when I expressed my concerns over the amount she drank. We stopped hanging out and I eventually got clarity about my own drinking and got sober and we had a few short  been a long time  conversations before she suddenly and shockingly bled to death in her home. I strongly suspect alcohol was involved but would never share that in the neighborhood. Her house is still vacant and I think of her often when I walk the dog.
Holy shit. That could have been me. Thank you for posting this -- I'm so very sorry for your friend. I won't drink with you tonight.
ex's father died that way...when this guys' mother passed away he took that as an excuse to just really stop holding back.  I'd always recognized him as a pretty bad alcoholic because i was one too.  But yeah he just layed on the sauce hard and non-stop. ..He was in and out of hospital we physically took him there a few times because he'd get so far gone on multi-day benders.  he'd hide alcohol had bruises and scratches that would mysteriously appear.  after a while it was like a part of him wasn't even there anymore.  like he had managed to give himself brain damage from drinking so much and so hard.  maybe he would've been able to come back from it i dunno.  Was sure he was going to poison himself to death somehow...then one day we got the call.  And it was because he'd fallen down the stairs...oh and here's the best part...his wife had seen him at the bottom of the stairs.  She left him there.  She'd seen him passed out in so many stupid places at so many stupid times that what was the point of trying to wake him up and move him...only he was dead..when she saw him still there a few hours later she didn't like something about the angle he was laying at and went to investigate...What a fucking asshole to do that to his wife to his kids.  It really affected me I swore watching him was finally enough I'd see where my future was I wasn't going to do that.  And I did lay off.. for a bit.  But kept drinking and got progressively worse and worse over the next six years...now i'm sober.  i might die by falling down a flight of stairs.. could happen to anyone.  But if it happens to me i know I'm going to be sober when it does.
There but for the grace of God go I. I've woken up with a lump on the forehead from falling into the corner of the walls of kitchen and living room and in another incident I broke a rib same location.
  I sprained my ankle a few weeks ago. I later went to bed and was woken up by a throbbing pain in my ankle. I thought to myself what an idiot I am. 
From reading on here it does sadly seem to be relatively common.  Condolences to you and your friend.  Every time I read a story like this I am reminded of what happened to a well-known journalist and broadcaster here in Ireland just reading it again it was in 2000.  How time flies I would have said 10 years ago.  Very similar story...https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/jonathans-lonely-tragic-death-26108183.html
Iwill not drink with you today
I had to cry. This woman that loves me her husband called me. I lcould not say. She loves me and I move on. The cops etc. I said hello
Sorry to hear that friend. That's our reality as addicts. .  What does iwnynt or w.e stand for?
This goes to show no matter how well you think you can handle your liquor shit like this can happen and you're done. It's over. Sad as fuck story
Reall puts shit into perspective for me I could have had this as the last time I got horrendously drunk I took a pretty nasty header off the sidewalk which could have ended badly. Thankfully I had people with me. I'm so sorry to hear the news pal keep your chin up! IWNDWYT
I've fallen many times when all fucked up. This could have easy been me too! I'm sorry about your friend! My condolences to you and her family!
wow the last sentence hit home way too hard..you good man? I m here for you&lt;3
A close family member female 70 yo. was drunk fell down the stairs and broke her neck. Surgery followed...so did the drinking.  One of the reasons I got sober.
Not nearly on par with death but...definitely a wake up call for me of a similar variety:..I'm vividly remembering (what little I do remember of the incident which was essentially nothing but I sleuthed and put the pieces together) when I stumbled UP the carpeted stairs nearly ripped my nose ring out (luckily it bent) somehow didn't damage my new septum piercing managed to not break my nose but had massive horrible raging rug burn all over  my chin bridge of my nose upper lip etc which swelled awfully. I could barely talk the next day and looked like I'd been through it and back. And I had. ..My gums got sliced by my teeth (which I somehow didn't break) and I couldn't open my mouth very well for days so the tissue started to heal/die in places and created this necrotic sludge that I'll never forget the smell of (as I cleaned it out with a qtip) to this day. My stomach is in knots just thinking about it (and I've been triggered by my new lip piercing which has caused swelling and a bit of gunk which is making this memory all that more real). ..By the grace of some higher power I didn't break my nose crack my teeth or snap my neck. It's horrific the shit we do while intoxicated and what little memory we have of it. Happy to be here today and be sober with you all. IWNDWYT!
