-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a56dl2/a_personal_plan_for_christmas_day_new_years_day/

i'm in the process of making a "playbook" with an objective keys to success etc on how to keep my hands tied up on these days...i don't have family in the area i live in couldn't tell ya the last time i received a present on christmas day to open. i haven't spent this stretch of 2-3 weeks or so sober for the past 14 years. i've never been armed with a better mind or a more positive attitude so i have plenty of hope. i simply was curious if folks have ideas/actual things they do to stay busy. a friend suggested a calling tree where i invite friends who understand my struggle or family members sign up for 30-60 minutes to chat during these days on the phone... i also have put in my screening request for a local soup/food kitchen to volunteer..anyone have a story about how they stay sober in times of isolation on these large event days/national holidays..thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Good ideas above. You might consider trying to cook something you've never made before doing a vision board or starting a bullet journal. Buy yourself a gift that is an experiment in finding a new hobby...i.e. sewing a yoga mat woodworking supplies etc. In my area they usually also have parades or fundraising walks/runs...I hope you get to volunteer. It's a great way to spend the day. ..Good for you for being proactive. I can tell your sobriety is dear to you. IWNDWYT or on the Holidays :)
I love wonderfree's ideas. If you don't have a  hobby  this would be a great time to explore or discover other interests. Mine is sewing and this winter will be a great time to get some of that in. 
I clean.  Oh holy cow do I clean.  Spring cleaning?  Why wait.  Not just the kitchen and bathroom but that closet under the stairs all the cupboards (wipe them down and everything) my closet the attic.  And when it is all done I sit back and look at what I did.  
