-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5kbay/how_do_you_talk_to_your_children_about_alcohol/

I have a small toddler who is starting to understand language and emulate adults. It's gotten me thinking about how we are going to have conversations about alcohol. ..I haven't drank in almost three years but alcoholism and sobriety just aren't a big part of my life at this moment (just meaning I don't go to meetings I don't talk about it much... I mainly just lurk on this sub to remind myself of what I'm not missing periodically). My spouse rarely drinks sometimes one beer when we are out to dinner and rarely at home. ..Do you allow people to drink in front of your children? I know you can't really avoid it... How do you talk about your struggles with them? Do you caution them from drinking? Are you also terrified that they are going make the same mistakes you did? ..Alcohol is so pervasive in our society and teenagers are idiots. I want my son to make his own educated decisions when he's older but I'm really not sure where to start. Thanks for your time reading this!
----------immediate responses--------

You are doing an amazing thing by setting such a great example! Your kids will know that sobriety is always an option. I don't have kids but just wanted to say kudos. I definitely think my parents partying and my dad's alcohol problem influenced me.. I was a problem drinker already in my teens. My dad got sober when I was 25 and it's the most amazing gift he's given me. He is such an inspiration. 
I wish my parents discussed alcohol with me rather than banning it outright. They'd overreact to me experimenting at college (before everything went bad) but never gave me an explanation other than "it's illegal." I think it created a forbidden fruit thing with me. My "bad year" was at 20. I wanted to talk with my parents about my struggles but I felt uncomfortable doing so. Just before I turned 21 my father told me his father was an alcoholic. I understand now why there was such a blanket ban but I still don't think that it was the best way. I wish we would've had that conversation long before because substance abuse doesn't care if you're not of legal age....Maybe you can compare it to a hobby your kids really like. Let's say video games. Tell them that there are kids who play video games for a few hours on Saturday then on Sunday are able to go outside/read/draw and not think about it too much. On the other hand some kids fail school because they play video games instead of doing homework don't do anything else in their free time and turn on the XBox instead of dealing with negative feelings. Tell them that like video games like alcohol are designed to hit the part of your brain that produces dopamine (which as we know is a feel-good chemical.) Some kids just can't wait for their next hit and it takes over their life. Those kids are addicted. They act out at school and can't make friends. This isn't necessarily their fault; their brains are wired to seek out the next hit of dopamine and it goes before everything else even family. But just because it's not their fault doesn't mean it's not their responsibility. They need to go to counseling and stop playing video games or control it...I don't think you should teach your son to fear alcohol because he's going to find out about it one way or another. I do think he should be equipped with knowledge about alcohol and maybe your history with it. Maybe Dad could give him a sip of his beer when you guys were out for dinner (your mileage may vary and I'm not telling you how to parent your kid but I've heard of kids who tried a sip of beer at six hated it and don't drink twenty years later. We're hardwired to not like the taste of two foods. One of them is beer.)
That's a great question! I fear my son will carry this terrible gene. I'm gonna have to be honest about that when he's older and tell him but knowing my father was addicted to drugs didn't stop me which is why giving me son a loving environment at home will be so crucial so he doesn't turn to other things. I have noticed that dysfunctional households breed dysfunctional kids. 
My son was only 5 when I quit drinking. He visited me in the hospital. At the time we told him my liver was unwell. Since then I've been very open about alcohol. I drank too much and it's basically poison. And now my liver is damaged. ..I try not to vilify people who drink but I have conversations about how drinking holds people back and is unhealthy for their bodies. Unfortunately he has multiple examples of what alcohol can do to you just in our group of friends (his "aunts/uncles"). I sometimes yell at the tv when booze ads frustrate the hell out of me... then say things to the boy like "You can lead a very fulfilling life without drinking. You know that *right!?*" With the holidays upon us the booze ads and social gatherings are really grating on my ever last nerve so there's a lot of talking about how alcohol is the worst going on in my house. ..My son is now 8. He says he's not going to drink when he grows up. That makes me all warm and fuzzy for about a minute but I do worry very much about when/if he decides to drink. He is his own person and OMG is he stubborn as hell... he's gonna do what he wants. There isn't anything I can do except be honest about what happened to me and share what I've learned about living a full life without alcohol. ..You're a good parent. Your son is lucky to have you. 
Well first of all throw out the notion that "teenagers are idiots." Granted they are experimenters and risk takers but that's part of forming an identity and maturing. Another thing I caution against is telling them alcoholism is in their genes (you did not say this but others often do) so that they should NEVER take even one drink. That usually backfires and makes them want to try it. 
