-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5q5j6/30_days_in/

Woooo! .I am 30 days in and was so excited to tell you guys!!! I didn't want to post til today to make it feel  special.  I usually break down around day 21 but still feel so strong.  I am happy without alcohol. I feel so much better. I generally sleep better but the last few days have been having trouble for whatever reason. I feel like I look healthier and have definitely slimmed out a few pounds. I don't want to weigh myself til I have about 4-6 months or when I have to get new clothes. I'm 32 and a woman and I get a few little hairs on my face and since quitting drinking they grow much slower and finer. My eyes look brighter and I just don't feel like crap anymore. Life isn't perfect but its much better without alcohol. I'm getting more comfortable about going out and not drinking. And dinner is always cheaper when I eat out - although I find myself doing that less and craving less food in general. When I do eat I want healthy basic food or sweets.  I used to think craft sodas were a waste of calories but since I'm not drinking 600 extra calories daily and munching out I can drink them. They're soooo good and made with basic ingredients. I work out more. I remember to take my vitamins meditate and drink bone broth. I get more work done. My mental mindset has made a 180. I don't struggle with mental fluctuations as much. If I cry its for a reason and starts and finishes. Not long depression spells since I feel like a drunk loser....I really don't want to drink so I won't. Even thinking about it makes me nervous. I'm glad I am where I am. 30 days!!!..IWNDWYT           
----------immediate responses--------

Hell yeah! Keep it up! I stumbled a few times right around days 18-21 myself and I remember how good it felt finally hitting 30 days. IWNDWYT. 
I waited until my almost-30 day mark to post as well thinking I might jinx it if I posted earlier. Congratulations to you!! That's definitely a major milestone. I hope you'll find there are new additional benefits that show up each month - it's really fantastic being sober. Great job on reaching 30 days!! :-D
Congrats! I just hit month last week and it was awesome! Everyone says they crave food less without being drunk but I have been craving it more. But I crave well cooked meals that I make. I guess I have more time to actually cook and enjoy the fruits of my labor vs 3 am Taco Bell.
Congratulations on your 30 days! 
