-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5yvl5/halt_a_vital_acronym_in_sobriety/

Hi all. .I remember reading this when I was a few weeks into sobriety and it was absolutely instrumental for keeping myself in check. ..Here is a copy and pasted version (https://bradfordhealth.com) for those who are not aware of it: ..The key to maintaining a life in recovery is a combination of self-care and self-awareness. By taking care of ourselves and recognizing certain signs we can prevent relapse. One of the tools some people use is HALT. This handy acronym reminds us to take a moment (HALT) and ask ourselves if we are feeling Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired. It seems simple enough but when these basic needs are not met we are susceptible to self-destructive behaviors including relapse. Fortunately hunger anger loneliness and tiredness are easy to address and serve as a warning system before things reach a breaking point...Hunger can be physical or emotional need. Understanding the need to eat is fairly straightforward. However we should remind ourselves not just to eat but to eat well. Meeting nutritional needs allows our bodies to operate to the highest potential and will keep up feeling better. However when we HALT and assess our situation we can describe a hunger for less tangible things such as affection accomplishment and understanding. This is why having a support system is so important. Those who care for and love you will give you food for your heart and ease the emotional hunger that you're feeling. To ease hunger do not turn to destructive habits or negative people. This will not fill the physical or emotional emptiness that you're feeling. Instead find something wholesome to eat with a good friend or loved one...Anger is a normal healthy emotion to experience. The important thing is to HALT and take time to understand what is causing your anger and know how to properly express it. Perhaps you are angry with a situation a person or maybe yourself. It might be one little thing that spins out of control or an ongoing event. No matter what is bothering you assess whether or not you can confront what is angering you. Calmly talk to the person you have an issue with or fix the problem you're having. If what is angering you is out of your control or you aren't ready to confront the issue try to express yourself in other ways. Exercising punching a pillow or even cleaning are active ways to get rid of the excess energy anger brings with it. Creative projects such as painting singing or writing might be a better way for you to dispel your anger. Meditation or prayer can be way to calm yourself anywhere and at any time. Finally talking to someone who isn't involved in the situation can be a very useful way to think think through your anger. Regardless of how you expel your anger make sure you acknowledge it and reflect upon its causes so you can then release it in constructive not destructive ways...Loneliness can occur when we are by ourselves or when surrounded by many people. We isolate ourselves when we don't feel like others can understand us withdrawing into ourselves out of fear or doubt. Being alone is a self-imposed situation. If you're feeling lonely HALT and ask yourself if you have reached out to anyone lately. Your support system is there for you when you feel depressed overwhelmed or anxious or if you just someone to talk to. Going to a meeting calling a friend or visiting a loved one might be just what you need. You can also simply go out in the world by taking a walk running errands or going to a coffee shop. Rather than hiding from everyone and returning to substance abuse reach out and connect with others who want to see you happy and healthy...Tiredness takes a toll on our bodies mind and spirit. When our days are filled with errands meetings and activities it is easy to ignore how tired we become. However running on low energy compromises our ability to think and our capacity to cope. Taking the time to HALT is particularly important when you're tired. Satisfying the physical need to sleep rest and rejuvenate is critical to keeping healthy physically emotionally and spiritually. A good night's sleep or a leisurely nap may be all you need to change your outlook for the day. If your day is particularly hectic take a short break by listening to music going for a walk or simply taking a deep breath. Maybe its been a rough couple of days or week that requires a trip to your favorite park movie theater or restaurant. Recharging your body mind and spirit will help you get through tough moments and maintain your sobriety...HALT can serve as a reminder to all of us that we need to take care of our basic needs every day. For those recovering from addiction paying closer attention to your feelings will help you prevent relapse. Take a moment each day to check in with yourself. Ask  Am I hungry angry lonely or tired?  Honestly assessing how you feel takes only a minute. Doing so will make the everyday stress of life easier to deal with and help you maintain sobriety. ..I will not drink with you today. X
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you! 
Thanks for sharing! It's something that never goes away either. Whenever I'm any one of those things I'm way more likely to make mistakes and/or bad decisions. I will not drink (or let myself get too hungry angry lonely or tired) with you today!
Great post.  HALT has saved my rear end many times. 
This is something I've never heard of and it is an excellent resource! Thank you I have saved this post!..IWNDWYT
It's HAALT for me - Hungry Angry Anxious Lonely or Tired...When I write it out I add a little circle or umlaut on one of the As just to be funny ;-)
Thanks for that
It's the "T" that usually gets me.  I'm trying to put extra-priority on it this time around. 
I just wrote this up on our kitchen wall. It definitely goes true for me but is also great self awareness for the kids and spouse.  I wrote the acronym HALT and then followed up with -&gt;  feed yourself // calm yourself // connect yourself // rest yourself ..... AND THEN -&gt; Do things Think things Say things .   (No clever acronyms but it's a start)..I'm looking forward to the conversation tomorrow with my kids. They've been on this journey with me and we've all grown up a bit because of it. 
I'm finding this technique helpful. I also include B for boredom since I was using alcohol as a lazy way to pass the time instead of being productive or engaging in healthy recreation. 
My relapses have mostly been around emotions I recognise as stress. How does that jive with the HALT structure. I don't know is HALT is right or not re the labels but I really like the introspection it triggers to consider the why?
It certainly helped me when I figured out Hungry includes both physical and emotional hunger. I am not alone. Peace
Thanks for the reminder! This one is a real lifesaver.
