-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a65p6v/400_days_these_are_my_keys/

I first posted this list at 100 days but the keys are all the same. This is what keeps my boat floating:..* Step out of the shadows. Posting commenting and being part of the community changed everything for me...* Set a goal. One hour one day one week; this trip that visit - and count your victories! Then you know you can do it the next time too...* Moderation doesn t work. I tried it for ten years and it only made me miserable...* HALT. When I crave am I really hungry angry lonely tired? Staying one step ahead with some water fruit or a snack has helped me a lot...* Play the tape forward. What happens if I take this drink? The next hour the next day the next week? For me drinking is not just about one day of hangover - it is 40 days with that voice in my head...* Learn your triggers. Want a drink? Take a step or two backwards and see what happened. Then try to avoid it. It takes time to create new patterns but it works. Knowledge is bliss...* Allow yourself to mourn the losses. For me it s like a long and painful breakup with the love of my life. That is in addition to lost opportunities growth finances relations you name it...* Discover new joys. I ve always loved fresh roast hand brewed coffee; now I love it even more with add-ons. Like coffee with 70% cocoa on the side coffee at sunrise coffee in a new Moomin mug you name it...* Afraid to fall? My motorcycle teacher taught me that if you stare at an object in the road you will hit it. Look where you re going not where you re not going...* Did you fall? Don t despair. Get up. The failure isn t in falling it s in not getting up again...* Struggling with motivation? We all do. Go for resolution in stead. Motivation shifts resolution stays...* Impatient? Waiting for that spunk clarity weightloss zen born again bliss peace of mind? It took time to get where you are. It will take time and work to become the person you want to be too. But you know what? You are already on your way and that s your doing. You can do this...**A huge shoutout to all my friends and fellow travellers here at SD you have taught me so much. I admire your love affection and wisdom. To four hundred more!**
----------immediate responses--------

Love the list. Happy 400! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for this list! I've hit save! ..Agree with you on finding new joys - this for me is everything. My new joys are going to the gym and long beach walks! (: 
Wonderful post. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on 400 days. I'm saving your post. IWNDWYT  
Congratulations and what an amazing list! That's a keeper. IWNDWYT :)
Woo hoo! Congratulations on 400!!!
Congrats on 400!
Congratulations on 400 days! Thanks for sharing the inspiration...I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations! I am happy for you. Thank you for sharing your wonderful list! IWNDWYT
Love it! Saved...IWNDWYT    
Thanks for this I needed it today. 
This is a fantastic post. Just what I needed to read today. Congrats thanks and IWNDWYT!
Thank you for posting this. I needed it today.
Wow congrats! And thx so much for the advice!
Congratulations on your Sober400!!
Thank you for your advice
Congrats on the 400 man! HALT has saved my ass many times solid stuff. Keep up the good work IWNDWYT   
Thanks for the inspiring and helpful post. Good job reaching 400 days!!! :) I will not drink with you today
Congratulations on your 400 days and thanks for sharing your list! 
Happy 400 buddy! Some hot chocolate cheers will be heading your way at bedtime tonight.  Need me a moomin mug really...
Thank you for sharing! Lists are awesome and this is particularly awesome! I saved it too!
Huge congratulations on your 400 wonderful days     ! Thank you so much for sharing and for your wonderful support. I am saving your post so that I can reflect on its wisdom  . Thank you
Congrats on 400 days! That's fantastic!! Thank you for sharing the list. I think it's brilliant and will refer to it often. IWNDWYT
Thank you for posting. Congrats on 400 days. So impressive.
Well said! Bravo!!!
Perfect.  I couldn't think of a single thing to add.  Thx!  IWNDWYT
To 400 more.  I won't drink with you for every one of them.  Keep the boat floating! 
Post saved! Thanks for this:)
Thanks for the simple advice on staying dry and congratulations on your huge milestone on sobriety.
Awesome post. Thank you so much and congrats!!!
Awesome post. I need to study and implement this daily. Congrats on 400 days!
so much of your list resonates with my experiences so far. Thanks for taking the time to put this together...IWNDWYT!
Awesome post. Congrats on your 400 days. IWNDWYT! 
This is wonderful advice...Today is day 7. I'm okay at the moment but I mentioned to my parents I didn't think drinking moderately was working for me because although I did 2 weeks of 6 days off 1 day to drink I was thinking about it everyday and staying off booze was sapping me of willpower I need to make myself do other things. Anyway my Mum said "so we can't buy you tequila for Xmas then?" and I said if they did I would drink it but thankfully she was all "no if you are trying to cut down or stop we aren't going to get in the way of that."
Congrats and thanks for sharing your fabulous list!
This is the BEST! Thank you Saint Homer   Have an amazing weekend and so much gratitude and love back at you! IWNDWYT!  
What a fantastic list i love your style. Happy 400 IWNDWYT
Excellent points Homie!
2 days tonight. IWNDWYT
Thank you for your post. I was doing well for a couple months now here I am drinking on what I assume to be my 14th night in a row...Granted I'm not trashed and haven't gotten trashed but I still feel the weight of it pulling me under. ..The one thing I took away from this post is to take a step back analyze and correct what I can when I can...I have already drank tonight but this will be the last one (thanks to you). I'm gonna go home and make a nice meal go to sleep early and start anew
Nice! I hit save too!
Nicely done! Congratulations!
Thank you
Thanks for sharing and helping me stay sober another day.  
I'm adding the 'afraid to fall 'tip to my list
Great list Homer and well done on the 400!
I flippin love the motorcycle analogy.  
Thank you SH! You are very inspiring! Here's to your 400 MORE DAYS SOBER...one day at a time! You will own that baby!
Congratulations    !!! Thanks for sharing!!! Good Luck and Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
Awesome list. Congrats on 400!
Thank you for this list just the reminders I needed today.
Excellent post and some very very handy tips!!..Congrats on an amazing milestone!
Nice values to recovery with.  I'm usually against people making up their own rules but these are logical and actually similar to those taught in early recovery groups just worded differently. 
Thank you; this is wonderful. 
Congrats
Happy 400 to you!
Great post and I appreciate your sage wisdom! I plan to use these to get to a number like yours!
I love it! Thank you for posting...I might suggest one edit since the phrase  ignorance is bliss  is so popular...I think  knowledge is joy  and  wisdom is serenity  ...When I understand something or better yet *someone* i get a profound sense of joy. Like I get it I'm not missing out I *know*this...Once I have enough experience and trust my higher power enough to let my spirit move me then I am a part of true wisdom and serenity. The real power is not in knowing everything it's accepting that we'll never know everything and that's ok even better in fact...Also I totally appreciate the HALT reminder. 
Keeping this one in my back pocket! Thank you!
Congrats on your 400 days and thanks for sharing this pearls of wisdom with us : )
Moomin Mug! I have two. Thanks for sharing this brilliant and simply put post. IWNDWYT
Congrats! Saving this for the holidays the first weekend was a big hurdle if I can make it through the holidays sober I'll be stoked. 
Congrats on 400!  Thank you saved IWNDWYT.
Yes!!!..\&gt;drinking is not just about one day of hangover - it is 40 days with that voice in my head...&amp;#x200B;..This is one of my primary deterrents....It's more than 40 days for me and I desperately wish to avoid ever giving alcohol such a prominent place in my thoughts ever again.....&amp;#x200B;..Thanks for sharing...&amp;#x200B;
Congrats on 400 days SH! Thanks for sharing this list again. Your ongoing encouragement and wisdom means a lot. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Here's to 400 more! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 400!!!!!!! So many great things in this post. 
Wow this post is amazing Homer! I'm gonna read this every day just to keep my mind in a good place. Real wisdom here thank you for this one!      
