-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6bwln/i_do_not_like_the_textbook_approach_of_ultimatums/

Could someone please explain the seemingly textbook approach of  stop drinking or I will never speak to you again? ..This comes across as very cold and not very loving to turn your back on someone that needs help.  It's almost as if this approach believes the person  wants  to keep drinking and will all of the sudden just stop because of an ultimatum. It does not work that way it's simply not that easy to quit. This approach is self-serving and puts the wrong person at the center of the problem. Instead of treating drinking as a health problem it's treated almost as a personal attack on the person making the ultimatum...You know what this approach leads to? The drinker chooses both the friend/spouse AND alcohol. It puts the person in a crisis and there's no immediate solution other than continuing both. The drinker is already struggling to stop drinking but also wants to continue personal relationships. The drinker just starts hiding the drinks. Hiding the drinks basically leads to harder liquor and more drinking because the person now has to sneak large amounts quickly and during opportunities. Finally there's a very large drinking incident and it's probably too late to help. ..Im sure there's a study where this approach helped but I've seen the pattern above several times now. If you give a damn about the person and get over yourself the approach should be  how can I help you stop? .
----------immediate responses--------

Most people who give that ultimatum don't understand the struggle of alcoholism. You are right they should ask how they can help.  But most don't know to do that.  
From my extensive research (I watch a lot of Intervention) the ultimatum idea is supposed to let the user feel the natural consequences of their addiction. Usually the family is trying to eliminate all of the co-dependent behaviors that enable the addict to use.
So I actually agree with your argument. But I also think that there is a limit to how much patience you can have with somebody when it comes to quitting addiction. .. I believe that being able to see where both sides stand is key before making any kind of judgement. There will forever be those people that have thin patience (which I'm assuming what your post is about) that will not understand the situation and spend the precious time to sit it out until the whole addiction process is over. ..Here's my question. Do you think there are people and/or families that spend years waiting for a person to heal and get over everything supporting them every step of the way? Another question do you think some people might need to have ultimatums handed to them in order to fully understand what they will be losing because of their addiction? 
