-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6cm6s/a_beautiful_day_tomorrow_that_wont_be_ruined/

I was just sitting in my apartment watching a movie when I got a text from one of my best friends. He's clearly drunk and mentioned that he was out. Our friendship is more than just drinking together but that was definitely a big part of it. He doesn't know I've quit the drink and I actually think that many of his struggles with alcohol are very similar to mine but that's a topic for another time. ..For a few minutes I got a little sad that while he was out that I was sitting at home watching a movie. That feeling seems to be all too common these days as I consistently feel like I'm weaker than others because I couldn't control it and I feel like I'm not normal anymore. I had a bit of an epiphany though when I remembered that I'll be up at 6 tomorrow heading to the mountains for a day full of fly fishing while he lays in bed and recovers from tonight. Many a planned early morning was pushed back in my drinking days and many days of fishing were cut short due to a hangover. I realized how glad I am that I don't drink anymore because while he spent a night in a crowded bar full of drink people having stupid conversation I get to go spend my day in the mountains and experiencing real beauty and what the world has to offer. That's what life is all about not numbing yourself in a crowded room full of people that you don't care about. ..I write this because I think it's all too easy for us to feel less than others and like we are missing out when in reality we get to fill our days with real experiences and life. An attitude of gratitude my friends! We are the ones living! ..This is my first post in this sub. I've commented before on an another account but I decided to make one just for this account so I can post my true stories/struggles/battles without someone I know figuring out who I am . I can't express though how much this sub has helped me feel like I'm not alone in this and shown me that others are going through the same things. Thank you all for your support the things you share and the community that this sub is. IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! I often feel the same way. But I have never been unhappy the next morning when I get up early and do something I love that I didn't drink the night before. I am however jealous you get to go fishing tomorrow. Have a blast! IWNDWYT 
Thanks for your post I really enjoyed it. There are a lot of things the drinking demon tries to convince me I'm missing out on and a lot of things I'm so grateful to be fully present for now.
When I drank on Friday I would have 5 hours of fun and 12 hours of feeling like shit the next day.  ..When I stay in I have 5 hours of relaxation followed by 12 hours of whatever I want.  Tommorow I'm going to work out have a good meal and then still have time to do more.
Thank you for the reminder. I guess we all sometimes have the fleeting thoughts that we are missing out but sobriety will bring us so much more in the long run. Well done on 210 days. IWNDWYT
Great post! .Sometimes it is hard to see that those drunken nights out are not as good or fun as they are portrayed. .Having a day in nature will not only be healthier but you'll actually remember it all and no hangover the day after..Thank you for this reminder! 
You are not missing anything. I have been out a few times since getting sober. After a certain point it isn't fun and even the drunk people are not having fun...I had food at a late night restaurant in the citylast weekend got a  Uber home at 2am and it was carnage...People crying unable to walk throwing up arguing. It just makes me feel sad now. I very rarely go out it is just not for me anymore...Give me a good film and some snacks or a book and a cuppa anytime!  
