-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6fnlr/the_relapse_that_almost_was/

I went out to a Hookah lounge with some friends last night and one of them suggested we go to a bar afterwards. The person suggesting it was my ride home so I started panicking. I'm only 20 days sober and although my self control is good it's not  chill at a bar sober  good yet. I started planning out in my head how I could moderate and only have two drinks then I started thinking about how I could get trashed and hide it from everyone when I got home. I was calculating how much money I'd spend and justifying my own relapse by thinking about how I could drink water in between drinks to not be hungover this morning. That's when I realized what I was doing and I remembered I am sick. The fact that all of these things ran through my mind in the span of two minutes after someone suggesting we go to a bar proves that. I can't drink normally or socially because my brain is wired differently than everyone else in my friend group. I went to the bathroom to call my Fianc  to pick me up and he did. I woke up this morning with zero regrets no headache and I didn't have to reset my badge. I am beyond proud of myself and thought I'd share.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! That's crazy the things our minds go through when it comes to alcohol. I will not drink with you today.
I am so happy you made it through! And I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT 
Wow- way to go!  That's HUGE!!!
That's absolutely amazing! Great job! IWNDWYT
That's seriously impressive. At 20 days sober I don't think I would have had the awareness to recognize what was happening in my own head. I'm pretty sure I would have ended up back in the shit if confronted with the same scenario at that stage of sobriety.
Awesome! Thank you so much for sharing. That helps me stay away from the drink today!
You should feel proud. You handled that situation perfectly. Well done  ..IWNDWYT.
Great job.  Good job by your boyfriend too being available to come get you. Be proud of yourself you deserve it!
That's awesome!..IWNDWYT!
IWNDWYT 
Great job...IWNDWYT
I'm so proud! Fantastic job! 
This is awesome! Congrats on this HUGE victory
That's amazing! You're a quick learner! What an excellent reminder.... the insanity is so real. .IWDWYT
Nicely done... I have a few of those close calls too from early sobriety to look back on. Good reminders. One day at a time. 
