-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6gxxi/naltrexone_has_really_helped_me/

At 19 I got and stayed sober for 4 years through AA. Then I ended up relapsing and the time in between sobriety got shorter and shorter. 1 year 6 months 3 months 2 and 1. Even though I would swear it was the last time after every relapse...Alcoholism seriously sucks and it doesn't make any sense. I drank when everything was good when I was bored I even drank a month after my 59 year old mother died from alcoholism. ..I was obsessed with wanting to drink even though it was actually ruining my life. I have been in and out of AA many times and though I know it works right now I couldn't get there. I finally gave in and tried Naltrexone. Thank god. It wasn't immediate but now I have no desire to drink which is a huge relief after feeling a constant urge to drink. ..I just hope people know that it can be a great tool especially in early sobriety. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been considering naltrexone. I think if I relapse again I'm doing it next time. I know that I have an opiate-like response in my brain to drinking and I've heard it's an enormous help. Good for you friend.
How long did it take to start working?
Glad it's working for you!  I gave it a try and experienced  suicidal thoughts  for the first time.  Needless to say I stopped immediately.
I tried it and unfortunately the nausea side effects were too much for me but I'm glad it worked for you. I did notice it removed a lot of the craving feeling for alcohol so it's probably worth a try for people. IWNDWYT
Good for you!  Are you abstinent now or are you on TSM where you take NAL and then drink one hour later?  How long has it been since your last drink how frequently must you take NAL and for how long?  Thanks for sharing your experience.
I am on Naltrexone as well it has definitely curbed my cravings but I've still had 2 or 3 times where I REALLY came close to throwing it all away and caving. ..I believe I'm only supposed to be on it for 2 years though. 
I've been using the Sinclair Method since October and I already am at the point that I barely drink nor do I think about drinking :) life changing! 
