-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6luco/4_years_sober_and_struggling_at_this_party/

I've been sober for years and it's (blessedly) never been a terrible struggle  anytime I started to crave a drink I could visualize the ramifications of going down that road again and immediately turn myself around. ..Tonight I'm at an annual holiday party where 150 people are drunk and getting drunker and I'm drinking diet tonic with lime. I'm *really tempted*  much more tempted than I've ever been  to hit up that open bar and get some vodka in this. Or a shot of Irish whiskey in my coffee. ..I found a quiet spot by a fire pit to post this instead. ..This is a lesson to myself going forward: DO NOT GET COMPLACENT. That shit will creep back in and ruin my life one shot of sneaky Irish whiskey at a time. ..Stay strong fam. I won't drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job stepping away to post this. I just got back from my holiday party after nursing a club soda and ducking out after a few conversations. Remembering how quickly things can spiral out of control is a huge help in my early recovery and it's inspiring to see someone with your amount of time still be able to recognize that and know when to step away. Keep up the good work. You're an inspiration to myself and others. 
I have almost as many days as you do and I am totally with you on this one. It's shocking how fast I could be right back in the ditch. Good work staying strong.
Why are you still there? 
Stay strong my friend!  IWNDWYT 
  !!!.Great job though stopping this in its tracks. 
You are my hero :) I hope one day I will have the same courage as you! Stay strong and stay blessed :)
Let's sober on sister. We're all here to watch your back. You've got this. IWNDWYT  
The same thoughts creeped into my head at my work Christmas party... but as people got drunker and drunker I knew I was making the right decision by NOT drinking...One of my coworkers in particular that doesn't drink often was especially tipsy. She did and said a couple of things that she wasn't proud of. And all week at work I could see the embarrassment shame and anxiety taking hold of her even though I kept reassuring her she didn't really do or say anything THAT bad which was true... but I was SO glad that I wasn't in her shoes.
Yearning for some Irish whiskey? Opt for the Irish Goodbye.
Congratulations!! Good for you for staying strong Your post is a little scary for me  I guess the reality is that we will always be cliffwalking and only seconds away from a tragic fall. I will not drink with you today or tomorrow!!
