-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6myzr/ive_had_8_days_many_times_but_this_time_seems/

Tomorrow I will wake up with 8 days sober(idk why the badge is on 7 but w/e). Now I've relapsed more than 3 dozen times over the years. I've probably been at day 8 for 3/4 of those. But this time seems different. Last time I got a good run of sobriety day 8 was spent all day at a sober club cause I had no money and no job. Time before that I was barely able to make my rent at a different sober house. This time I'm simply going to go to work and come home. No worries beyond what I'll be having for lunch. I'm not trying to brag but in a way this time feels better than any time before. I'm not in a panic about where I'm going to live or how I'm going to get money. This time it feels more like real life and less like practice. I like it. And I'll be back tomorrow. Till then IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

Right on!  Re:badges your day 7 will turn into day 8 at midnight (whose time zone? Not exactly sure on that one yet) badges turn over once a 24 hour day is completed.  And as for  bragging' hey let's toot our horns and celebrate our wins and our advancements!  You've earned this pride I'm proud of you too.  Enjoy the heck out of your eighth day I won't be drinking with you.  Congratulations on reaching this place of inner peace with this milestone I wish you many more wins in the days and weeks ahead.     
Great! One day it just felt different for me too. It didn't mean all struggle was over but I had a different strenght and confidence. The sting was gone. Keep up the good work I will not drink with you today! 
Day 8 was tough. Hey I just did a week! It wasn't that bad! I can just have a couple tonight and start back sober tomorrow. Don't do it. Totally not worth having another week 1 so soon. 
Well done. Let's sober on friend. IWNDWYT  
Congratulations on 8 days triplet! I know that I've learned different things about what works and what doesn't every time that I've gotten sober. It has been a process and I'm in a much different place this time around. It feels different because it *is* different. I'm glad that you're here!   IWNDWYT 
