-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6qr44/one_year_today/

Howdy SD!..Today marks one year totally freaking sober. When I started this journey I never thought I would be able to accomplish this goal. I relapsed SO MANY TIMES. I tried to quit drinking for eight years - never usually making it past the three month mark. I tried Smart Recovery AA therapy audio books paperback books - you name it I tried it. ..The one thing I did not do is give up. Each time I failed I got back up and tried again. Sometimes it took me a while to get back on the wagon but I always pulled myself back up. This was not easy. My confidence was totally shot and I hated myself for being too weak to stop. ..This time around I stopped caring about how I got sober and drew upon all of the resources I could find. I joined a buddhist recovery group and actually made a commitment to go to the meeting every week. I got a sponsor and I work the steps. I do not typically go to AA meetings and don't really agree with a lot of the philosophy but when I am feeling squirrely it's great to know I can find a meeting pretty much any time of the day. Having a sponsor keeps me from isolating and I am grateful for her consistent support and friendship. ..This last month has been the most challenging of my recovery. I have been having intense episodes of anxiety and I had my first ever sober panic attack this week at a presentation in front of a client. I don't like having to face my problems without a crutch but I am grateful I have the opportunity to learn and grow from my struggles. I wake up every morning owning all of my actions from day before. Taking responsibility for my behavior has been the greatest gift I have received in recovery. ..I look forward to seeing what's in store in the year ahead. I am so thankful for this community and for the opportunity to share this achievement. Happy Sober Sunday!..Gratefully..Miss Beaujangles
----------immediate responses--------

That is awesome. Congratulations  
Congratulations and thank you for sharing. Your message gives me hope that perseverance is so important. Let's sober on sister. Sending you best wishes for your continued sobriety. IWNDWYT   
Congratulations! Your post is an inspiration for the rest of us. Keep it up! 
A full year is great!  Can't wait to get there myself...The secret really is to get back up as many times as it takes.
Congratulations!!
Congrats...IWNDWYT
Congrats on your one year! Are you doing anything special to celebrate?
Congrats!
Congratulations!
 Miss Beaujangles rules!
