-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6qsxe/how_did_you_stop_drinking/

I've been through so much. I somedays feel like I'm going crazy. I'm a 29 year old mom of 4 and I've been struggling with being a drunk. (Yes I said it) I suffer from very bad depression and anxiety and I turn to alcohol to help with it but it just makes it all worst. This year alone I've been to jail psych ward and a detox center. My husband has been kind enough to pick up the pieces and let me seek help when I need but it's just so unfair to him. I will get about 60 days sober and then relapsed. ..I can't do this to my children and I'm thinking of moving away. Just myself and staying in shelters until I can get my shit together but not dragging them down with me. I know I was raised by an addicted and I have to shake this or let someone else raise my children. ..Has anyone ever struggled and how did you finally get sober? Also any parents who have children and can give me some encouragement? ...Thanks! .
----------immediate responses--------

This is probably terrible advice but smoking weed really helped. It's a mental release and it doesn't make me do crazy shit or put lives in danger.
Acknowledge that drinking doesnt solve shit. Some people unfortunately myself included (m32) have to do something stupid or life changing before acknowledging their problem. Sometimes that makes it easier. Understand your pattern and its triggers and how it doesnt help at all. 
That's crazy... have you tried DMT? r/joerogan
I'm a dad and I got sober.  I started coming here every day.  For some folks AA or SMART work.  Joining a community made the difference for me. I couldn't do it alone...I took it one day at a time.  At first it was tough but then it got easier...Now my kids are happy to see me and I am a better dad.  Wishing you the best! You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Yes I have children and they became the focus of me stopping. If I need a  why  then I think about them. In the same way as you I scared myself: I stopped because I could see what I would become and I had spent years and years and years  moderating . ..I am not an expert but I am not sure that being a good parent means being absent from your children. If I enforced an absence I could see that level of sadness very easily making me drink again. 
Father of four with one on the way. ..I created a situation for myself by being honest with my wife about my problem and that let me get to the space where I could be honest with myself. I was an alcoholic. Alcohol was the cause of and not the crutch to get thru my depression and anxiety. ..Once I dealt with the problem then I had to make incremental changes to make me strong enough to fight demon alcohol. I made a workout schedule that would work for both of us I made myself follow through on it. I read some things on yoga and meditation helping people with alcohol issues and did the same thing as the workout schedule I worked it out and made myself go twice a week. ..When I started feeling better I reminded myself and talked to myself that I was feeling better because of my changes. Little by little the anxiety and urges to drink for quieter. If the urge came up I thought of the taste in my mouth of the hangover. ..This worked for me. ..You can beat alcohol. You are worth it!
It's hard.  It's so hard.  I'm also a mom who has a drinking problem and suffers from crazy anxiety and depression.  It sounds so cliche but you just have to take it one day at a time.  Get yourself to an AA meeting.  Get yourself to a doctor. Read as much as you can about alcoholism anxiety depression parenting.  Find someone you can talk to.  SHOW UP for yourself.  Work on being someone you can trust and rely on.  Every day every minute every hour you don't drink will build just a little more confidence.  Do the work.  Know that you deserve better your kids deserve better and just because something is hard doesn't mean you can't do it...I'm right there with you sister you can do this...&amp;#x200B;
You can do this!  You're already awesome as a mom of 4.  That's not easy these days.
Naltrexone and TSM helped me. 
Oh honey. I'm a mum. Hugs to you and your family. It is a struggle but it's not bigger than you are...So many things have worked in combination for me. Big big helpers have been educating myself about the way alcohol forces the brain to adapt - understanding why I was caught in a maddening cycle of abstinence and relapse was so helpful. This Naked Mind Alcohol Explained and The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober are amazing books. Commenting reading posting for support and making pledges here has helped HUGELY. Vitamins and herbal supplements exercise eating when I get a craving and never thinking about never drinking again just quietly promising myself and you guys each day that I won't drink today. Playing the tape forward from how that one drink will turn into 5 and how that will look feel taste smell...and how I will feel in the morning with soul-destroying feelings of guilt and shame. Gentle gentle self-care with lots of baths and time out...You're here so you want it. I made my sunny sobriety my only focus and it's working for me this time. We're here for you. ..IWNDWYT.    
I had to move out of my house that I shared with my fiance and her children to get sober. Too many triggers and my fiance isnt ready to get truly sober from the drugs she abuses. It was the hardest decision of my life but the right one. Twenty two days sober now and continuing to maintain the relationship regardless of my moving out. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Many alcoholics use alcohol to self-for depresion and anxiety. But it is like pouring gas on a fire. ..Aside from the trips to psych ward and detox are you involved in any ongoing support? That is what will help you stay on track. Also seeing a therapist or psychiatrist and addressing the depression and anxiety might help. ..I started drinking in response to panic attacks. However it look a while for me to realize that if I didn't drink the anxiety from withdrawal would send me into a spin and I would go for something to drink. ..Fortunately the detox and recovery program I went to also dealt with the psychiatric side of things so once I got sober I started on an anti-depressant and was given an anti-anxiety med that was not habit forming. That is what got me over the hump of early sobriety and following up with AA keeps me on track. My doctor and therapist also are aware of my situation so I have someone to call if things get squirly. ..So far it is working. 
Father of two. I knew I was drinking too much and tried to quit on my own. Best thing I ever did was go to AA and get a sponsor. Being in a group of alcoholics is a huge. And having a sponsor helped me make sense of the whole 12 step process. Good luck to you. IWNDWYT!
[removed]
