-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6tymy/really_struggling_today/

Hey guys and gals. I've been lurking on this page for a month or so now. Finally decided to post myself. I'm just over 6 months sober myself. This is not my first attempt and I've had a number of relapses over the past few years. This time I've felt like it could last. ..However today is exceptionally challenging. Between my own disease supporting my partner who is also severely depressed and work stress I'm at a breaking point. I feel trapped and overwhelmed and hopeless if I'm being honest. I know drinking won't help. But I'm just at a loss. ..I'm on a short break at work while writing this. The absolute icing on the cake for today was that of all days and times one of our regular customers brought our stuff a vintage bottle of wine as a holiday gift. So it's just sitting on the back desk and I'm doing my best to not think about it. It's just one of those days/moments where I want to burn it all down ya know? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hope you'll feel better soon! Might be a good plan to get rid of that bottle asap. Better safe than sorry.
I had a similar experience with someone giving me wine last year. I didn't bring it home. 
If I were you I'd re-gift that bottle to a non-alcoholic...like right now. Or dump it out. Just remind yourself that if you drink tonight you will wake up with the same problems tomorrow morning with the addition of a hangover. Take a deep breath. This will pass. 
Ice cream chocolate mac and cheese- something like that you'll want to go home and not go anywhere lol..Hangovers suck anyway.
&gt; It's just one of those days/moments where I want to burn it all down ya know? ..Stare down that matchstick until it blinks. And it always blinks...Hang in there. I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong bud. I have faith in you. At close to 8 months I feel your pain. You've got this. Think of your last 6 months as 6 months of daily  day ones's. You just need to do it today. See if you're subject to any of the common triggers. HALT (hungry angry lonely tired). Hope this trick helps. It sure helped me. That and this awesome community. Love you bud! You matter. Your sobriety matters. Stay strong!
Go to the back desk go into autopilot mode and just pour it all down the sink.  When you find yourself putting the empty bottle in the recycle bin you'll be proud of yourself.
IWNDWYT!!!!!!!
 Trapped .   Overwhelmed .   Hopeless .  . These are the trifecta of feelings that for me bring on the fuck-it's and the cravings.  And I see you too.  Hope you can stay strong because drinking will set you back and exasperate these feelings.  .Six months is a lot and a great gift to yourself.  But still not out of the woods with PAWS still a thing.  Sorry a out the work stress - wish I could take that away from you - that is my other big trigger.
Update: thank you all for the kind words and support. I did not drink. I survived the day and today is a new day. I feel much better and managed to let go of those negative feelings. I will not drink with you today. 
