-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a70men/i_skipped_a_holiday_party_because_i_kept_thinking/

I have a mild form of social anxiety and when I drank I felt better about it. This past Saturday I was starting to get ready for my company's holiday party and started to feel some anxiety about it because I've only been at the job 3 months and don't know very many people. I started thinking maybe I'll just have a shot on my way over or a glass of wine just to take the edge off. And then maybe have a quick glass of something at the open bar when I get there just to feel okay about socializing with a bunch of attorneys. ..I ended up not going because I was scared I'd relapse hard. Instead I stayed at home with my husband and we laughed at old cartoons we used to watch as kids. I KNOW I had more fun at home than at a party :)..Happy holidays SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Good decision.
That sounds like an awesome decision! Congratulations on prioritizing yourself over a party! ..I know that staying sober became a lot easier for me once I stopped trying to push myself to go to events with alcohol or stay there. Once I realized that my sobriety is more important than any particular event I had a much easier time prioritizing and protecting it. IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
I had a very similar experience this weekend! My partner was going to his friend's "Ugly Sweater" party which is really just an excuse to stand around a kitchen getting drunk. I was dreading it all day and planning how I was going to get around questions/offers of alcohol when I decided I just didn't have to go! It was so liberating. I stayed at home with my cat and watched Marvelous Ms. Maisel and woke up free of dread...Here's to prioritizing our mental health this holiday!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
You did the right thing. I work sales/project management in construction. Every work event starts with shots beer and the open bar. It's extremely difficult to be around. Everyone looks at me like I'm crazy or says just have one! Now days they get it and that doesn't happen as often. Unfortunately for me I have to attend these events.  I wish I could just stay home most of the time. 
I skipped my company's holiday party because i hate that place and most people there and it makes me want to drink..I went home after work and ate a delicious frozen pizza!
