-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a72yb1/amazing_podcast_and_stories_from_american_pies/

Jason Biggs of American Pie fame is wonderfully candid about his struggles with alcohol...Link here:https://armchairexpertpod.com/pods/jason-biggs. .Honestly I was amazed at the balls it must have taken to be that open honest and even funny about the stories of his struggle with alcohol. He takes the audience through the germination of his problem how it progressed cost him money and work and how he hid it for years. Its truly an amazing podcast and it gives me strength to hear him speak about his troubles with drinking. Dax also has a history of drugs and alcohol abuse and he said something that is so true it made me laugh.. .As they are going through the show Dax recalls how  you wouldn't wake up on a Monday before work and have a drink that's what alcoholics do. But a wee nip of something on a Sunday morning after a particularly rough Saturday night? Hell that's just keeping the party going  . .That hit home like a Mack truck for me. This was my life for years as I lived as a highly-functioning alcoholic living in blissful dangerous denial.. .He also laughs at one point because  all alcoholics think their story and their reasoning is unique and different because it's THEM. In reality it's always the same story  . .I'm 98 days sober today. Every day hasn't been easy but every day has been better since I quit. My life is happier I am healthier my family breaths easier. My brain is less  pickled' and I can strategize and reason better sharper and with more alacrity than ever before.. .It helps to hear stories about this because we have all been there deep down in the trap. It also really helps to hear him joke about it because it makes it less heavy all the time. Yeah I am an alcoholic and I know that I will never have a drink ever again. But you know what? Good. Life goes on. Jokes go on. The life I have now is so immeasurably better because I will not drink with you today. . .Give it a listen if you feel like it   you may relate to it and get some strength from it too. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting. IWNDWYT 
Thanks! I once met Jason Biggs in a non-hollywood context and he was very gracious remembered my name etc. and was just very real and humble. Happy for him. :-)
Saved!
Will have to listen to this one! ..That interviewer must have come straight over from his day job on the [Woodwright's Shop](http://www.pbs.org/woodwrightsshop/home/) set!
I watched Zack Efron open up about it when he did the man Vs wild thing with bear grills. He had some serious struggles with it and is now sober. I gained a lot of respect for him after watching that. 
Just finished it yesterday. Loved it. ACE is a really great podcast for anyone struggling with drugs or booze or any sort of vice. Makes you feel a little less lonely! 
Thanks I just listened and that was great. Sometimes podcasts touching on sobriety I really can't relate to but I found this one relatable.
98 days...wooot! Passing the three month mark is a nice milestone. ..Alacrity. I like that. I havn't heard that word in awhile. It fits. It's so nice to feel energized about life right? ..I am also a big fan of humor. We gotta laugh man. Reflect and laugh.
Thanks for posting!
Thanks    
Thanks.
