-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a75jt5/benefits_of_being_sober_and_why_you_will_love/

Hello everyone! I am 111 days sober and clean from the slave drug alcohol (poison). I promise you quitting is so worth it!! Life becomes better and better each day free from this deadly drug. I have learned a lot in my journey and would love to share the benefits and life changing aspects I have seen firsthand! YOU CAN DO THIS! THE MORE TIME YOUR CLEAN THE EASIER BEING SOBER IS. YOU ARE IMPORTANT! YOUR LIFE MATTERS. BELIEVE IN YOURSELF YOU CAN CHANGE! YOU WILL CHANGE. YOU HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR WAYS. THE TIME IS NOW NOT TOMORROW NOW!..BENEFITS OF NOT BEING A SLAVE TO POISON:..1) SOLID POOP No longer am I a slave to the terrible bowel movements that come with alcohol. No longer are my insides screaming out at me after drinking 12 beers and a night out on the town ...2) AMAZING SLEEP! Waking up with a clear head? Expect to wake up with a clean head and not a pounding headache with worries flowing through your mind...3) MONEY BABY MONEY! Aren't you tired of of buying that 8 dollar glass of wine? 12 dollar mix drink? 6 dollar beer! GET YOURSELF THE 2 DOLLAR SPARKLING WATER BABY! But seriously you will save a ton of money... and hey why not treat yourself to a gift or a nice vacation with all the money you will save?..4) NOT EVERYONE IS DRINKING It amazes me how i believed everyone else drank like i did when I was in my crazy drinking stage. So many people tell me how sick they to are of this poison everyone seems to be consuming. You will be surprised to see how many people at your next party and bar aren't even drinking!  ..5) LESS PROBLEMS MORE PROBLEM SOLVING Remember staying in bed until 3pm nursing your nasty hangover with an egg an cheese sandwich and watching crappy cable tv? NOT ANYMORE! Expect much more time being hangover free ready to face the challenges of each brand new day! Imagine actually having full weekends being able to do the things you need to do/ want to do? Its amazing how much you can get done without that pounding headache!..6) YOU WILL LOOK BETTER!! I have been given numerous compliments by people on how my skin has changed for the better and all the weight I have lost. My confidence has skyrocketed! I approach the opposite sex at bars with confidence and pride. I have gotten so many more phone numbers going out being SOBER and not an ugly DRUNK!..7) MORE TIME FOR FAMILY/RELATIONSHIPS! Your relationships with your family and/or significant other will improve greatly! Its amazing how much you can focus on what really matters in this life when your not constantly thinking about getting your next fix of poison...&amp;#x200B;..PLEASE LISTEN TO ME YOU NEED TO GET SOBER NOW! ..There are Apps you can download to track your progress. I personally use on IOS I AM SOBER app. You need to hold yourself accountable! I just finished up an amazing book that really explains the truth about this horrible drug that our society seems to love for some reason. "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace! Amazing read please read it if your struggling...EACH PASSING WEEK GETS EASIER!! Please please please. The first two weeks may seem impossible I know but the farther you go sober the more happier and used to it you become. Its not that i cant drink anymore.. I DONT WANT TO OR HAVE TO ANYMORE. Living clean and sober makes me appreciate this beautiful life even more. You are so special and you need to put yourself first. Please believe in yourself you can do this and change your life...&amp;#x200B;..111 DAYS SOBER AND NEVER GOING BACK! GET ON THE SOBER TRAIN PEOPLE LIFE IS WAITING! ..&amp;#x200B;..\-G..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT. 
I've had tons of success using weed at night to calm down with and Acamprosate to control my cravings. One thing you forgot probably due to fortunately not having experiance with it is how much better off your pancreas is now. I got hit by pancreatitis before I quit drinking and that was pain like nothing else I experienced. On top of that once you get pancreatitis your risk for pancreatic cancer goes up significantly. I've heard that's one of the most painful ways to die and after having pancreatitis I can definitely see how. I may not be technically sober in the way many use that word but I'm not drinking and that's ok by me.
I've limited myself to only drinking in moderation. But really looking forward to starting the new year sober for a full month and see the results.
I came into this post to see what all the yelling was about in the title... then I realized it's a late-night infomercial in text format!  If you throw in free shipping and handling I'll order zero cases of alcohol and will not drink them with you!!!!!!!!!
I love this I wish I made the choice to not drink because of all the good Id gain. For me looking at the list of reasons alcohol was tearing my life to shreds was what made me to quit. Hopefully some people dont need to make that list it wasnt fun stuff like this haha
Congrats on 111 days. Job well done! I applaud your enthusiasm even if it might be a little over the top for some. It's great to hear the benefits to look forward to in the coming days/weeks/months especially the first one! The second and third are already beginning to show and I can see them improving steadily as time goes by. ..Keep up the quit and check in regularly...I will not drink with you today
I understand you completely. Until a year ago I quit for nearly 2 years. I started drinking and it went well for a bit then the ugly monster got control. I'm short time sober now but this is it for me. Never again
Thank you for sharing. I'm going through my own struggle trying to get sober. I always end up back in the bottle but I keep trying to quit. Better days are ahead if we just don't drink. 
Thank you for this! On of the main reasons I want to get sober is because I've realized that every major problem I've had with my husband was while I was drunk. Want to try to save my marriage and for that I have to get sober. I'm on my first 48 hrs without a drink in a long long time. Congrats on your 111 days
Great post. Thank you. 
God bless you. What a wonderful post.
64 days and it keeps getting better everyday. When you fight for it you win. Iwndwyt.
Thank you for the post. I venture to guess that your toilet is best friends with you again  
This list is like mine. I used to take so much pepto bismol in the morning and constantly run to the bathroom. Now you can almost set a watch to my body. TMI but it's a favorite benefit. #3 saved my butt with a financial emergency this last month. I'd be flat broke if I was still drinking but I got a bit of a cushion. 
Im in my first two weeks. Reading this subreddit helps... because right now I just feel like garbage and I hate that I dont have my self destructive coping mechanism. I hate constantly being around myself...14 days. the extra money will be nice i guess.
Great list. When did it shift for you from being difficult to refrain from drinking to feeling actually better day by day? I still often feel like I want to even though I know I don't REALLY want to. 
Happy eleventy-one days sober
"I don't have to drink anymore" my favorite realization of first quitting drinking :)..IWNDWYT
111 days?  Me too! Go us!!
Great post friend. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on 111 days. I love your enthusiasm. Staying sober is something to shout about love. Some of us are deafer than others when it comes to getting sober and staying stopped. Let's sober on. IWNDWYT  
Bravo on staying away from the poison for 111 days!!!
Congratulations on 111 days. You are so right that it gets easier the longer you stay sober. It is amazing how intertwined alcohol is in our society.  It is talked about like drinking is a real accomplishment. We know better. For us it is nothing but a life destroyer. And it's never too late to quit.
Amen.
iwndwyt
Congrats!!!!..&amp;#x200B;
