-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a76x2n/looking_for_fun_casual_activities_that_dont/

Recently one of my best friends stopped drinking and although it has been positive For everyone involved I'm struggling to find things we can do that don't involve alcohol. Meeting up for a beer was a cheap easy way to spend time with friends. Especially during winter where there is not much to do outside in the evenings I'm struggling to come up with new ideas. We've done a bit of bowling golfing seeing movies and hitting the gym but it's getting kinda old. Anyone have any tips or things they do that have helped them stay social and sober? 
----------immediate responses--------

What is alcohol actually contributing? Can't you spend time together and have a good conversation while drinking non-alcoholic beverages? Board games?
Here's what I enjoy: Indoor rock climbing billiards (though that might be tricky to find a booze-free location) going to the theatre taking a class museums and galleries the aquarium skating cards or board game night meal prep together...
How was meeting up for a beer not repetitious? Know what I'm saying? ..Meet up and eat food? Meet up and talk over coffee tea soda whatever? Play games? Put on a TV show and talk? Go hiking or go for a walk with headlamps or in the city? If you can handle it go to someplace so they can have a beer and you can have a soda water. We have a few board game places here. Arcades? Go to Best Buy and look at the gadgets and talk? When you remove alcohol from the equation I find that conversation is easier more succinct and less circular.  
Sitting around the bar wasn't getting old huh ;)
Maybe start a sober meetup.com group in your area?
Opera symphony concert goth night at the club fancy pizza sushi potluck dinner party at your place grilling steaks (worth it in any weather) a dessert restaurant tacos burlesque theater comedy show
You're an awesome friend for trying to accommodate your buddy's quit  
