-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7ayjj/bah_humbug/

I have only been sober for 43 days.  Tomorrow I have a holiday event at work.  To say that I am dreading this would be an understatement!!..I have been tired angry and depressed.  I am struggling everyday with wanting a drink.  The holiday season makes it feel ten times worse...Tomorrow  I will be surrounded by a bunch of co-workers who can't wait to wear their  Ugly Christmas Sweaters  and will talk non stop about the cookies they made.   Then we are going to a   team building  event and there will be a bar. Not going is not an option.  ..What makes it worse is that this would be considered a happy fun day to most.  In the meantime I am running through ever crazy scenario I can think of looking for a way out! ..Any advice tips or tricks you use to get through an event you do not want to attend?..Thanks!!.....
----------immediate responses--------

I'm newly sober myself and I want to first say congrats! I'm preparing myself for my first adult sober  xmas with my wine collecting parents who drink heavily. I would say order plenty of mocktails. Arm yourself with cheeky comments about why you don't drink - oh the calories I'm on a health kick special diet etc. Before the party write some things your thankful about due to sobriety  nice skin weight loss no hangovers productivity ... I had a good friend in med school who quit drinking for the 4 years we were there. She's Irish so this was huge for her. She wanted to learn as much as she could with a sober clear mind. She would always have a mocktail while the rest of us were wasted. She would swear that she felt tipsy just from the energy we would have. Interestingly. she always seemed to have the best time! . I haven't been to a party yet but this is what I would do. Good luck !!!!! IWNDWYT :)
Hiya. I sympathize. I wouldn't go. I would pull a sicky. Feign illness. Your sobriety is more mportant. Congratulations on 43 days. Let's sober on sister. IWNDWYT  
If you don't have a work mate who can be your wingman then I'd just plan on leaving early.  They won't remember if they do notice.  ..Other people's feelings/fun is not worth your sobriety. ..
Attended my company Xmas party last week. I couldn't ditch cause I had to do a welcome speech. Ugh. I brought my own non alcohol beverage to the party so I'd be sure to have something to drink and hold in my hand all night. Drank it out of a wine glass. So helpful. Also I figured time wise it was only a few hours out of my life that I might feel a bit uncomfortable. It wasn't too bad really. Felt good to have gone and survive the evening. Another badge on my coat. IWNDWYT 
Here's a thought.  Always have a drink in your hand. Ask the bartender for a soda water or cola in a high ball glass or in a double tall glass.  See if folks notice and hopefully no one will ask if you need another one.  Keep smiling and faking it.  I also find if I eat right away I don't feel like drinking as much.  Good luck - and lie lie lie if you have to.  
Thanks! It is also helps that it is an afternoon event and not evening.  I will be ok.  Just not feeling cheery right now.  
Yeah let's build some teamwork skills while drinking great idea lolol 
