-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7bulv/thinking_about_checking_out_an_aa_meeting/

As I'm closing in on two months I'm considering going to my very first AA meeting. Things have gotten much better. I feel great my relationships are better than ever and temptation to drink is virtually nonexistent. At the same time I feel like I'd be doing myself a disservice to not at least check out a meeting. I'm not sure if I agree with some of the philosophy but there are some things that I think would feel really good to say to a roomful of people with the same problem as me. I also want to do more than I think I need to in order to stay sober. I can't ever imagine myself relapsing at this point but I also know better people than me have fallen victim to relapse. I think trying something new in the form of AA might be another way to get out of my comfort zone which has yielded great results for me so far on this journey. I've sort of given up on everything I used to think I knew about alcohol anyways so why not try something new?
----------immediate responses--------

1st off. Well done with 2 months. I am the same with the AA situation. I also am not sure if I agree with it. Isn't it all religious and all that? But then again I think how many people have stayed sober through them. IWNDWYT 
If you check the sidebar of /r/alcoholism and scroll down you will find "What to Expect at An AA Meeting". ..When I realized there is more to getting well than simply not drinking I decided to get more support. A therapist and AA--getting a sponsor and working the steps--provided the guidance and personal growth necessary for the happy sober life I have today...Being in a room with people who understand is comforting. I felt less alone and ashamed. Seeing others who were sober gave me hope. 
Just check it out! You don't have to speak if you don't want to. Speaking for me is a huge challenge so I do it every time. For me it's helpful to hear how similar my situation is to others. Brilliant people who lost so much due to a substance. Sadly I also get inspiration to NOT be like some of my brothers and sisters in AA. This may seem selfish but seeing how it destroyed some worse than it has destroyed me makes me not want to know how bad rock bottom can get. There are folks that have their court order slips. shaking face pale and clearly suffering in the meetings. I want to hug them and simultaneously feel grateful that I'm not there. It reminds me that I never want to be there :( Anyway go! you have nothing to lose and all to gain 
Welcome friend. Congrats on 53 days. I would look at it like this...what have I got to loose? I certainly don't agree or even like everything that I hear at meetings. That being said I rarely leave without hearing something beneficial. It took me several different meetings to find one that fit well (NA meeting). Knowing that I needed support to continue on this sober adventure was a motivating factor. "I also want to do more than I think I need to in order to stay sober." This (IMHO) is rock solid. Willingness to do whatever is needed. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Go for it! I was strongly opposed to AA for a while - I'd been to one meeting 7 years ago and couldn't get past the "admitting you're powerless" part. (I also went on to keep drinking for another several years.)..This year I entered outpatient treatment and heard about other folks' experiences with 12-step programs which didn't sound as dogmatic or stifling as I worried they would be. So I went and checked out a meeting...Like other folks on this thread have said just being in a room with other people who _get it_ is reason enough to go. I am definitely uncomfortable with some things some people say (particularly about their higher power having a plan for them sanctimoniousness about the "unfortunates" who are "incapable" of sobriety) but it's overall a positive experience for me...I haven't yet made any connections at meetings but I have been to one with a friend who's also in recovery and I've encountered some people from my treatment program in the rooms as well. Mostly I sit back and listen sometimes I share and I tend to find that my experience varies a lot from meeting to meeting. I hope to find one I feel really comfortable at soon :)
It worked for me and I had all the issues.  All of them...Meetings vary. Beginners or women's meetings (if so engendered) might be best...
It was the best thing I ever did
Hey there. I'm in the same boat. Going to try it on Sunday knowing nothing about what to expect. I'm just going to make myself walk in there with an open mind and that's all I can ask of myself at this time. One step at a time!
I went to my first A.A. meeting almost 8 years ago which was the first time I tried to get sober. I never went back to a meeting because I decided it  wasn't for me . I kept thinking i couldn't relate or that it had too much  god . However now looking back and really choosing sobriety this time I can admit that wasn't ready to quit drinking at the time and was just making excuses. I decided to try it again after a sober friend offered to go to a meeting with me. The love and support I felt from a group of strangers was overwhelming in a good way. After sharing some of my thoughts and hearing theirs I didn't want to drink. It's also a good place to remind yourself that you are not alone. There's other people in your community going through the same struggle everyday. And honestly i feel like you get to decide what the  higher power  means to you. I know it's scary but I suggest at least going once to see if it helps you. 
22 years sober I always tell people to keep looking for the meeting / group that you like until you're comfortable.  I'm not even a huge "AA Guy" but it the same approach that you'd take finding a mental health professional.  These are people that you're going to be opening up to and trusting some are going to piss you off others may or may not become confidants.  A lot of guys come up to me as if I'm a newcomer because they don't see me at the same meeting that they've been to four times that same day but I can tell you I'm just as sober as you them the guy with 45 years etc.  24 hours is all was ask for and all we get.  Good luck carve out your own path keep an open mind help those who ask for it and live your life as best you can.  
