-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7f2si/every_time_i_relapse_its_because_of_my_moderation/

Longest I've been sober was 4 months which was pretty recent. Best time of my life... until I started having these intrusive thoughts. I was trying to convince myself that I wasn't an alcoholic. I googled up everywhere trying to find examples of people getting out of alcoholism and so forth. I was ready to pull the trigger again and pick up a bottle.. and so I did. ..&amp;#x200B;..I lied to myself. I binged for almost 2 weeks straight. I wasted all of my money. Was in bed all Thanksgiving long while family was having a blast in the other room.  I will never be able to drink in moderation. As much as I want to it's just not possible. ..&amp;#x200B;..Reason why I'm posting here is because I'm curious how many of you have this issue or had. 4 days of no drinking so far. Here's for another.
----------immediate responses--------

Same here I just came back to AA after a 2 year run. Same exact method thinking I can moderate...But I can't I am powerless over alcohol.
Sounds like the same thing I've been doing for years. We aren't the same as others. We can't stop once we start. I'm assuming I'm powerless over alcohol not because I am weak but because my brain is different than others. I can't have just one drink. I might on one occasion or maybe even a few but I will fall back into the binge over time.  but right now - IWNDWYT 
I was the same way. The book "Alcohol Explained" was a key part of me getting sober.  It explains why moderation is not possible for some of us.  ..That is really the key never pick up another drink and my problem with alcohol went away...IWNDWYT
I kept thinking moderation was an option for me and that there had to be a way to keep drinking in my life.  .."Drinking is too much fun....I can control this...Let me try this way....Let me try that way...I'll stop at two...I'll eat more while drinking...I'll drink more water....I'll alternate drinking non-alcoholic drinks...."    You name it.  I probably tried it...Simple fact is that I can't control drinking.  I had an addiction to it.  When I finally accepted that believe it or not things got much easier.    ..Acceptance isnt judgment.  It's  just acknowledging that this is the way it is.  I can't drink alcohol just like a zillion other people can't either.  It's how Nature designed me.  It doesnt mean there's something wrong with me or that I am a failure or anything.  It just is.  I might as well be upset about being right-handed.  ..When we resist a truth it actually is more stressful than accepting it.  And it's stress that can lead us back to the bad behavior.  ..Truthfully I wish I had stopped drinking long ago instead of trying moderation.  I am far happier now than I ever was moderating.  I bet you will be too.  
Right there with you. I keep thinking maybe this time i'll be able to moderate it never works I always end up on a bender. IWNDWYT.
Oh moderation moderation..... a straight pain in my ass!..I have fell off the train twice both due to moderation thinking and drinking. ..Here I am strong at day 5. Happy and sober.  But I can grant you my brain has been whispering moderation BS the whole time.     ..If I could kill the Moderation Monster this would be easy peasy.  ..I can't moderate brain leave me alone! ..Oh and IWNDWYT 
