-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7mton/when_does_the_clarity_become_a_positive/

So I've been sober for a little over two months.  I was  drinking between 1 and 1.5 liters of vodka a day and I weighed 117 pounds when I quit (I'm 5'8") for reference.  Years and years of drinking at that level building a pretty amazing life for myself until the wheels fell off about 18 months ago...I recognize that drinking destroyed my life.  The details are unnecessary here...However therein lies the greatest challenge I'm facing thus far:  I recognize that drinking destroyed my life how it destroyed my life and exactly how remarkably destroyed my life is. Each and every day that point is driven home in so many ways time and time again....It's driven home in crystal clear perfect sober clarity.  It glints when the sun shines it shines when it is cloudy.  Every second is one giant:.. "LOOK AT HOW YOU'VE DESTROYED THE CENTRAL PILLARS OF EVERYTHING THAT WAS AND SHOULD BE BEAUTIFUL!  SEE OH SEE HOW GOOD IT WAS!  LOOK AT HOW BAD IT IS NOW!  YOU'LL NEVER GET ANY OF THAT BACK THAT'S FOR SURE!  LOOK FORWARD DOESN'T LIFE LOOK SHITTY!  PERFECTLY SHITTY WITH ABSOLUTE CLARITY AND FOCUS YOU CAN SEE HOW AMAZINGLY SHITTY!"...Increased mental acuity and clarity have been the absolute curse of sobriety.  The single greatest reason I want to drink isn't for the first hour it isn't for the taste it isn't well anything...except Good Grief I'd love for things to go back out of focus.  I'd love for the litany of horrors to be hidden for a while to fade into temporary abatement...I've been to 50 AA meetings in the last 35 days and I struggle not to scoff at the assertions that regrets will fall away especially when they are there in such stark relief (ironic that).  Are these extravagant promises...ummm...yes?  Clearly?  It's one thing to give things to a higher power.  It's one thing to build a sober life.  It's quite another to cease seeing the past seeing what is lost and comparing that with what will be.  What you know with crystal clarity will be....So...when does the clarity become a positive?  Thus far that hasn't happened.  Not for a moment.  If the future is a lifetime of all that's been lost displayed in perfect clarity it makes it much harder not to throw up my hands.  .....Sorry for the long post.  IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're holding onto the past onto the anger onto what you did and where it's brought you then I doubt the clarity will ever become a positive. Do you have a therapist to help work through what happened? Find a professional to talk to that can give you homework and tools to work through everything that's happened.
Oh man I *feel* for you. I went through this (and it's still sorta there to a certain extent) and it is *brutal*...For me what helped was getting a good sponsor (my first one was sorta bullshit but that's a different story) and starting work on the steps. That feeling of  yeah no I get it I'm a total fuckup. When does it get better?  was for me part of working my first step. That was the unmanageability that I was sitting in and I think that I really had to sit in it be present in it and fully acknowledge it in order to start to move on from it. ..I'm an alcoholic substance abuse is all about running away from things and looking for the quick fix so I think that slowing down looking around and taking stock of where I'm *really* at and stewing in my own juices a bit was a necessary part of the process for me. I've gotten sober before and worked through the steps first couple of steps but I did it fairly quick and I kinda didn't really *get* the unmanageability part. I got it this time around...It also sorta bled into the insanity part of step two because acting how I acted and doing what I did was actually pretty insane. ..I hope this helps and I hope that you find some relief soon. IWNDWYT 
Have you looked into post-acute withdrawal syndrome (PAWs)? Understanding it really helped me when I quit. For some people things get a lot worse before they get better because our brain chemicals are all out of whack from drinking for so long and our brains need time to repair and go back to baseline. I was *miserable* right after I quit. I ended up in a psych ward for awhile. The clarity was the worst part. Things still aren't totally ideal in how I'm feeling but they started to get better around the 4-5 month mark. Be patient with yourself. It's okay to feel bad right now. It doesn't mean you have to drink. Learning how to feel shitty without going back to the bottle is all part of the process. You can do this and things will get better. Time is your friend here. 
Every path we take means there are other paths not taken.  And even the most idyllic looking paths come with regrets for what else could have been...Some people spend their whole lives guessing about the other paths.  And some people buckle down and make the most of the path they are on.  I don't think an amount of sober time turns one of those people into the other.  That is a separate mental journey...I used to shut down such wishing with this kind of thought: If only I had done ___ maybe I would have the perfect high paying job.  And then I would leave that job one night and die in a firey car wreck because I was on the wrong road at the wrong time.  I can't script the perfect life so why am I wasting my time on this?
IWNDWYT
&gt;  I recognize that drinking destroyed my life how it destroyed my life and exactly how remarkably destroyed my life is. ..I hear you.  Each of us left wreckage behind us.  We all have to face it.  It's ugly and unpleasant.  However it's the past- you can do NOTHING about it.  You were also a different person then sick and selfish and deluded.  The steps are designed to help us through this but it is really import to be honest and thorough and to let it go after step 9.  Life has to go forward and dwelling on the past serves no good purpose...&gt; I've been to 50 AA meetings in the last 35 days and I struggle not to scoff at the assertions that regrets will fall away ..Good for you.  That's a ton of meetings and if that's what you need that's awesome.  I'd suggest keeping in mind that those with a lot of sobriety will see things very differently than you do from a time perspective.  It's all new and raw for you for those of us with some time when we say "regrets will fall away" we're speaking from experience and they will but we often forget to mention that it takes quite a while when it's what you want RIGHT NOW!..&gt; So...when does the clarity become a positive?  ..Eventually.  Different for everybody.  Great project to work on with your sponsor...&gt; it makes it much harder not to throw up my hands. ..Don't leave before the miracle happens.  Two months is SO early the things you feel are totally normal.  Just be open and honest about them.  Share it with your meetings your sponsor us whatever- just don't suffer in silence.  Getting sober sucks sometimes but it's worth it...&amp;#x200B;
I figure as long as I'm not in the ground or in jail for a long time I still can turn my life around.  ..Yeah it's not going to be easy and will take time but I'm fine with that.
"Comparison is the thief of joy."    -Theodore Roosevelt    .    .Congrats on 2 months! Your brain is still in the healing process of early recovery. Anxieties about the past will be amplified as your neurochemistry rebuilds itself without the depressant effects of alcohol. The ghosts of the past will fade with time. As you progress in recovery you will learn how to rebuild and move forward. It's hard not to dwell on the past but these were the cards we were dealt. Everyday I have to remind myself how grateful I am to have escaped the slavery of alcohol. Going to meetings is great...do you have a personal therapist?
Have you tried a gratitude list? Sounds corny as hell I know but try writing down some things you're truly grateful for in your life. When times get tough pull it out read it add to it. It will remind you that not everything in your life is bad. 
