-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7owj5/relapse/

I was doing great and had a relapse.  I'd gone so long without drinking I thought I could drink in moderation.  I can't. Have others had this problem?
----------immediate responses--------

Most of us I believe...It's very very someone who is an alcoholic can learn to moderate. Maybe in the short term but virtually everyone returns to their old ways...And most of us have to learn this the hard way...Good luck to you.
I think most of us on here have had that problem. Just pick yourself back up learned from your mistake and keep moving forward!!  IWNDWYT 
Yes!       The Moderation Monster   struck just last week.   He's an ass!..But here I am and I learned from my mistake. ..I will not drink today!.. 
Yeah man. Most of us do. Don't stress too much about it. We all slip up just remember every day you spent sober was a victory. IWNDWYT friend.
Yes but now am SO HAPPY that I know I can't moderate 
I'm glad you're back; many don't make it. ..I needed help to stay sober because I had no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own. Therapy rehab outpatient treatment and AA gave me the necessary tools. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. ..I have not relapsed because I learned about alcoholism and am convinced I have this chronic disease for life. It goes into remission however. Also working the 12 steps of AA helped immensely. It was clear that alcohol was the cause of most of my problems. As a result of my drinking I risked losing my children and professional career. I never forget what happens when I drink and because I don't want those consequences I don't take the first drink. ..Reading *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam helped me understand and accept my alcoholism.  ..You are not alone. Think about getting more support. 
You bet.  I got the pink cloud and was over confident.  The relapses always got worse.
IWNDWYT
[removed]
I've fallen off the wagon so many times due to me thinking that I'm not an alcoholic anymore.. that I can drink in moderation like a normal human being. ..Nope...I was wrong...I was always wrong...I always will be...&amp;#x200B;..Stay strong. Acceptance is hard to swallow but it is necessary to have a successful sober life. Hang in there man. ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Moderation sounds great but for me it's a myth. I don't know how many times or ways I tried to cut back and the only thing that worked for me was quitting completely. I wouldn't beat yourself up this addiction is very powerful and will do anything to stay in our lives. ..IWNDWYT!
Yes. I spell moderation 'dead drunk'. I think it's a lesson that most of us have to learn. I will not drink with you today.
I've tried moderation so many times. The booze beast always wants to be all in. After 16 years I've learned it's all or nothing...Here's to nothing!!!!..IWNDWYT 
That is pretty common around here. I convinced myself around day 220 that I was cured and could start moderately drinking. It did not work. I learned that I wasn't fully committed to not drinking and would tell friends that I was just taking a break or just losing some weight. Now that I've gone through the relapse cycle a couple of times I am committed to being done drinking for good. 
Oh yes. Just like the others here and yourself have. One night. Just once more to  really let it all out  and then I'll be done. All that did was increase my tolerance rapidly enough to the point I was having 15 16oz beers a night rather than 9 in the matter of a week. I was never fulfilled with the previous night as there was always  something wrong  with the way I went about it. That's where I went to after my attempt at moderation. Right back at it heavier than I'd ever been in to begin with. So I'm done. 
VERY common. It's all about learning from our fall. Over the next few days/weeks look at what led to the replapse. The signs that a relapse was coming were probably there weeks beforehand. This is an opportunity to learn. Get your revised toolkit in order and start walking forward. Woot!
Yeah I have had this problem about 15 times. You would think pattern recognition would have kicked in huh?
Yes early in sobriety I relapsed after 45 days sober. Spent the next 2 years drinking then finally went to AA to sober up and work on my core issues. 13 years sober and now I drink in moderation consciously. Look for the reasons why you drink and address those...&amp;#x200B;
Pretty much everybody has tried moderation and failed. Way more then once. If we have an idea we will try it. I think I tried basically all the attempts in the book and even added a few. My latest attempt was great. I bought a lock and threw away the key. If I got so drunk I couldn't pick the lock it would force me to stop for the night. I just got really good at picking locks. 
