-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7q4ed/a_year_sending_all_of_you_so_much_love_and/

Holy Toledo I never thought I'd see this day...I never posted a whole ton on this sub but lurking here is what gave me the courage to stop drinking and it was from you that I learned about This Naked Mind which is what made it possible...To those of you still struggling: I have hazy memories of when my journey began late at night drunk and miserable reading this sub and weeping about how I couldn't get myself free. You can do this...Life is wonderful on this side of sobriety at this point the struggle is to not take it for granted. Here is a not-at-all comprehensive list of benefits I've experienced:..* NEVER being hungover is fucking awesome. Even if I feel sick or tired on a given day it isn't accompanied by the guilt and shame of a hangover and let me tell you that makes all the difference..* More energy better physical fitness - I've lost about twenty pounds and run a half marathon..* MUCH improved ability to handle anxiety and stress - I know this sounds impossible when you think that drinking relieves stress but trust me on this it only delays your anxiety so that it compounds. I can now face with a much more even disposition things that used to send me into a sweaty panic. I've had a lot of big career successes in the last year as a result..* Was able to come off my antidepressants. Only drug these days is CAFFEEEEINNNNE BABY!!!!.* Being present and honest with both my partner and myself. I used to lie a lot - not directly really but by sneaking drinks minimizing drinking trying to play off the fact that I couldn't remember a conversation. That makes you feel like a shitty person. I don't have to do any of that anymore..* Related to that I feel like I have a more consistent sense of self if that makes sense -- I'm not perfect but I'm better at following through on intentions that I set I don't just fuck it all up by being drunk or hungover. I don't leave dishes in the sink I brush my teeth every night no stupid drunk exceptions to taking care of basic life shit..* Saved a ton of money which makes me feel ok about treating myself in other small ways..* No longer obsessed with where my next drink is coming from whether people I'm visiting will have booze trying to feign a casual desire for a drink that I'm totally obsessed with having. My mind is free to think about more interesting things and to enjoy the moment...I'm not going to say life is perfect now. I still have bad days and sometimes I feel awkward in certain kinds of social situations where drinking is expected. But let me tell you the trade-off - feeling slightly awkward sometimes in exchange for what I listed above and more - it's an inanely good deal! Life over here is SO MUCH BETTER and YOU CAN DO IT...So much gratitude to all of you. Weeks or months might go by where I don't check this sub but knowing that a friendly supportive sober community is here anytime I need it has been crucial. You all are a gift each and every one of you even those of you who are struggling and feel like you can't do any of this right - you're helping. xoxoxox
----------immediate responses--------

This was wonderful to read. So inspiring. Bravo to you Sobernaut! 
I am thrilled by this wonderful post. Congratulations.
Thank you for this post. It's post like these that help me immensely day after day. I'm still in the early days and check in here at least twice a day. ..And congrats on a year that is absolutely freaking fantastic. Well done    
This is an amazing post congrats on one year!!! I hope you do something wonderful to treat yourself today for all the changes you've made and how much better you feel in yourself. ..And right back at you with brushing your teeth every night haha!
That is amazing!  Thanks for sharing.
I LOVE to see one year celebrations! So much work and effort on your part and it looks GOOD on you : )
Good for you! Can definitely relate to all of those points. Congrats!
IWNDWYT
Thanks for shining your light. Congratulations on one year!!
You rock! Well done!
Awesome post my man! 
Thanks for sharing so true. We have so much to be thankful for. Thanks for sharing thanks to the people on this sub and thankyou to Annie Grace!
