-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7q45f/had_a_revelation_today_im_not_waiting_until_dry/

I have abused alcohol for at least 7 years. When I first started drinking regularly it was about 7 years ago. It escalated to daily drinking of a 6 pack daily and on weekends even more. I drank to get wasted and was deep into it never thinking or reflecting if I had a problem. I didn't care...I had a moment of clarity a couple years ago that made me decide to essentially "moderate" I only drink on weekends never on weekdays. I "cut down" to a six pack or a 3-4 glasses of wine on a weekend night but Sunday through Thursday I didn't drink. I was quite proud and have been doing this for a couple years but there was always a nagging feeling of "do I have a problem?" ..The older I get the more I hate drinking. It truly became a compulsion. I feel obligated to drink every single weekend. I HATE feeling like shit the next day. I also noticed how even if I had one glass of wine and no more I STILL felt like shit. I dreaded every weekend as much as I wanted to drink. That unconscious vs. conscious mind struggle. ..I recently became sick and tired of being sick and tired so I decided to do a Dry January. I was so excited so determined and I knew it was the relief I was seeking. I could not drink alcohol for a month how relieving! I couldn't wait to have a solid plan and reason to not feel like garbage all the time...One week or so ago I started reading This Naked Mind. I just finished it today. ..It dawned on me: I hate feeling like crap. All alcohol does is make me feel like crap. I can not feel like crap by not drinking alcohol...My desire to NOT feel like an anxious grumpy unmotivated tired piece of crap is stronger than the false idea that one fleeting moment of fake euphoria is necessary enough to keep drinking every single weekend. I just had to see it clearly...So I decided to NOT WAIT until January. I honestly crave freedom from this awful cycle and I want it now. ..I'm not drinking this weekend and I couldn't be happier. I can taste the freedom! I can image how good I will feel as I feel good every weekday. I bet I'll feel even better because the alcohol will be truly out of my system and I will no longer be consumed with excitement and dread of the next weekend. ..I'll be free. I'm actually excited to not drink this weekend...This is a revelation. I don't have to feel like shit all I have to do is not drink. And that is easy as now I know all alcohol has to offer is a hangover that's it. . .I don't want to drink and feel like shit. And I don't have to. ..Mind blown!..Iwndwy!...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! There's no better time to get sober than right now! Reach out to us someone's always here!
Welcome and IWNDWYT
&gt; I don't have to feel like shit all I have to do is not drink...Indeed when you put it like that it all seems kind of silly right?..My girlfriend has the mentality that NYE is the beginning of a new year a chance to restart blah blah blah. I was a little setup when I told her if you have something you want to change make today the day you start as January 1 is just another day of the week.
You'll be starting the new year with some momentum already built up. Wise decision!! New year's day is a lovely thing to experience with a clear mind and clear heart. I'm looking foward to it :-)
The best day to quit drinking is today!..IWNDWYT!
Thank you so much for sharing. I'm saving your post as it just rings so true loud and clear for me.
I'm in the same situation as you wanted to wait until the new year but was like "why?" Might as well start now! 
Great strength my friend 
It was the we hours of Christmas day-- around 1:30 AM when I had my last drink nearly four years ago. I didn't wait till January either. Today's a great day to not drink.
IWNDWYT
You are welcome here!  Thank you for your post.  I came to a similar conclusion. When you start drinking out of compulsion that's the line I crossed.  Moderation was not going to work.  We are behind you 100 percent!  I won't drink with you today.
Good plan.  I never regret not drinking.  Waking up with that satisfied feeling that I've stayed sober never gets old. 
Welcome friend. I noticed you in the Dry January thread yesterday. It seems as though you have the desire to stop which IMHO is crucial. Now the work starts. Alcohol is cunning baffling and powerful. It is hard at first but so so worth it. Keep coming back...support is wonderful along this sober adventure. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Everything you said. I feel it too. However I am still lacking the confidence. I may come back to revisit your wise words. 
Exactly. Day 6 here and I feel great. Went to a Christmas dinner at a restaurant last night with old friends  and was excited to go and not drink! A week ago I would've stayed home to drink instead or started a couple there and go home to continue. But not last night. Everyone else had a cocktail  and I had my cranberry soda and lime. Delicious without the vodka. Woke up feeling great and am very excited !!
