-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7qfyw/feeling_really_down_need_support/

Been getting hit with some bad cravings today and it's scary. I cannot go back to the mistakes I've made in the past but right now I'm feeling overwhelmed and scared. Can you guys offer me some support/advice? I hit the highest mark I have earlier this year at 90 days then had a relapse then 30 days and since then I've been having some trouble staying focused. I can feel that autopilot part of my brain wanting to just take over even though I know how bad drinking would be for me. Guys please tell me it's possible. Tell me I can do it too.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it. 90 days?!?! That's amazing. I too am in dire straights at the moment only day 2 and scared and feel like complete CRAP physically and mentally. I am 2 blocks from the booze store and a phone call away from some blow. Ugh. Fighting w myself it sucks. You are not alone. MSending all my best and praying that we both feel better. IWNDWYT 
You got this! I just stuffed myself full of crap food because all I wanted to do was have a few beers. Better full of junk food than alcohol. I guess I don't have any great advice other than do anything other than drinking be it watching tv playing video games hiding under the bedsheets going for a walk whatever...
You've done it before and you can do it again! The temporary relief isn't worth the permanent regret. This will pass. Play it forward in your mind how badly it has turned out before. We all want to be someone we can proud of and you should be proud of yourself! Stay strong and don't give in to the beckoning of the evil poison.
Alcohol offers you nothing. Only hangovers guilt shame anxiety depression disease. You can be free from all that by not drinking. ..You're headed in the right direction. My friend just keep walking. 
You can absolutely do this! I never regret NOT drinking and waking up tomorrow with my commitments intact (commitments to myself commitments to sobriety) is one of my simple motivations. When I get distracted by thoughts of alcohol that's what I think about: the joy that I take in starting each day sober...When I feel overwhelmed I breathe. Sounds silly but there you have it. I sit I focus on my breath I count them. I know my feelings are not me. They are like clouds in the sky that will pass if I just wait. I am like a mountain. The clouds can't hurt me. I simply watch them pass by. And I breathe. ..Sending good vibes your way!! I know you can do this!!
This can be done. I'm doing it. I drank for 38 years heavy terrible drinking and drunken scenarios. I have not done this on my own I go to meetings I read the book I visit here multiple times a day. My Facepuke has changed because I have added myself to many groups of like-minded folks. ..I surround myself and immerse myself in all things AA and use what works and I am sober and in great health and state of mind. 101 days I have not had a drink.  Please join me in not drinking.
I think much of what motivates us at a really basic level is to do with seeking pleasure. It really is wired into us on a fundamental level it's how we are wired up. .A little while ago I was craving alcohol it was a real compulsion to go through the usual process of getting my usual booze and getting bombed. Like a hundred other nights the same routine the same outcome. It was early evening and I had that little voice saying  go ahead let's do it . Almost a sense of powerlessness because the rational me wants to quit drinking. .And then a weird thing happened. With a strange kind of awareness that made me feel slightly freaked out I saw this craving for what it is: just really basic pleasure-seeking learned-behaviour. Like I was for a second seeing things clearly and perceiving my rationalisations to get bombed for what they are - a bunch of neutrons pushing me along the old path. .Killed the craving stone-dead. .I wish I could bottle that insight and sell it or at least not forget it myself. Which is surprisingly easy to do - forget a moment of clarity amidst all the social conditioning and advertising. .I don't know if this helps. Stay strong today. .
I'm becoming a recluse. Feel a bit lazy unable to complete menial tasks bc they were so much more fun when I was drinking. Then I think of all the terror the drunk driving the dizzy spells when hungover the shame. I'd rather be a bit lazy and reclusive than head that direction. Even normal TV has been a trigger bc everyone is drinking on every show! Anyway be gentle to yourself. Calm thoughts (I'm telling myself too). Nothing good comes from alcohol for us. IWNDWYT 
