-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7v3qj/why_is_moderation_so_easy_and_yet_so_very/

hello I am new here! i apologize for the incoming wall of text (and also apologize if I'm the wrong sub; if i am I'd be very grateful if anyone could direct me to a more appropriate forum for these questions!).  .So. I have a kind of weird relationship with alcohol. i do not have any classic signs of a drinking problem. however I do have exactly two drinks (small glasses of wine or mixed drinks measured with a jigger) EVERY single night without fail (one before dinner at about 7 and one with dinner at 8). On special occasions--a big party a night out--i will sometimes have 3 or once in a blue moon even 4 drinks but always spaced out over several hours and alternating with glasses of seltzer.  So again under ordinary circumstances I drink EVERY night. HOWEVER--i happen to often go away to attend retreats at a buddhist monastery for up to a week at a time and i don't drink while there and i don't miss it at all i guess because of the drastically different environment?..  .So here's the point I'm attempting to make: I don't think my drinking habit is bad in any obvious or overt way--except that there is a compulsive nature to it that disturbs me. Even though I believe 2 drinks every single day sometimes 3 is more than is good for health and even though i know I would make better use of my time if i abstained sometimes i seem to be disturbingly unwilling or unable to abstain from my beloved two drinks even for ONE night. I've tried many times and almost always fail.  i look forward to these drinks all day--i love how relaxing they are i love how they make me feel i love how food tastes with wine i just love everything about it. so suffice it to say I am having a very very difficult time cutting down.   .  .i should mention at this point that I've drank in exactly this way and in exactly these amounts for several years. these habits are very well defined and unfortunately very strongly engrained. but i'm not in some downward spiral. I don't think i'm an alcoholic and I'd hesitate to even say i that have a true drinking problem. However I do need to find a way to stop with the dailyness of it. i think that if i could go on exactly as i am but regularly skip 3 nights each week I'd be happy. Why is that so hard to do when other kinds of moderation come so easily to me?? the fact that it is so hard indicates that something is not right. ..So i guess my questions are: what do you think is making skipping nights (even one night) so hard for me? and have any of you experienced a similar problem and found ways to overcome it?.  .(and finally--thanks to anyone who has read this far and for any bits of advice you may be willing to share. all of you on this sub are very impressive human beings  and i have a great deal of respect for your struggles and triumphs.)
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. Moderation was exhausting to me and the irritability it created for me to skip nights was the first proper sign of my dependence. It wasn't really about me or about willpower or whatever or whether I was an alcoholic or not it was simply about the nature of the drug. That it makes you crave more. And it helps that it's so culturally omnipresent - at meals after work at academic conferences whatever. ..Two quotes that I love because they captured how exhausting it was for me the relief of complete freedom that decision being made for me:."...I'd taken one step away from that tight crawl space full of endless scheming and apologizing deciding and redeciding." (Leslie Jamison)."Mercifully the game was over. Not only was I back in the landscape but my loved ones had re-appeared too. My early morning ritual had both a softening effect and also a bracing one. I was focused on all that was rich in my world.  I had a renewed sense of agency. I began to look forward to the task. Baby steps but it was heading in the right direction. Just as E. L. Doctorow once said of writing it was like driving at night in the fog: I could only see as far as my headlights but with luck I could make the whole trip that way."..This reflects my experience with days-of-moderation-tipping-into-straight-up-blackout-drinking so I apologize if this doesn't quite answer your question but just the relief of stopping altogether far outweighs whatever temporary pleasure I may get from alcohol. .
I had moderate success with cutting down the amount of alcohol in the drink I had. Same volume  but reduced percentage. When it came to alcohol I always felt it was so difficult to moderate because I was trying to fight that lizzard part of my brain. It's much easier to trick it into doing something different verses thing to reason with it. 
Similar situation for me well minus the Buddhist monastery retreats...For the last 1-2 years I consistently had 2 or 3 glasses (5 oz) of red wine each evening.  I'm a 200+ lb male so this isn't too unreasonable.  However I found it very difficult to stop.  The inability to stop coupled with the fact that there were times in the past when I had more than this amount told me I had an issue...I feel a major improvement stopping even this "reasonable" amount.
People who don't have drinking problems don't wonder if they have drinking problems. Even relatively small amounts of alcohol consumed regularly can be addictive. Give yourself 30 days without drinking. A month off will give you perspective. How hard will it be? How much better will you feel? Even one drink a few hours before bed can interfere with proper sleep patterns. You might be surprised by the changes you will experience.     .Moderation was torture for me personally. Zero drinks is so much easier. 
I had to read the book "Alcohol Explained" by William Porter.. it explained to me why it is IMPOSSIBLE for some of us to moderate.  It was a game changer for me.   ..IWNDWYT
