-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7y4zl/3_hour_battle/

So I've managed to get past the two week mark that's a first for me after 25+ years of heavy binge drinking usually drinking a bottle of voldka and a few beers (sometimes a bottle of wine too) at least 3 nights a week I decided the time has come. .I'd known for many years that I was addicted but decided that I enjoyed the addiction and that life wasn't worth living without it that non drinkers had boring lives and that mine was fantastic! .But eventually I had to succumb to reality and admit to myself that I was physically and emotionally a mess putting drink before family friends work and everything else. .And so I'm two weeks sober Unlike many posters here I don't feel any healthier or better in anyway yet but I know I will I have a fogginess that resembles a mini hangover everyday. And while the cravings have eased slightly they are still a struggle My biggest daily battle is over 3 hours from 8pm -11pm that's the timeframe where I always purchased my drink and started drinking In those hours it's like someone else takes over my brain justifying why I absolutely should have a couple of beers that before I give up I should try moderation that I should wean myself off instead of going cold turkey etc etc. In those hours I'm amazed myself that I haven't succumbed because when that debate is taking place in my head it seems perfectly reasonable to go grab 4/6 beers. But I haven't and I won't today. I've made a choice to stop drinking and I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 2 weeks! For every day you don't negotiate with The Voice it will get a little bit quieter. Your brain chemistry will take time to repair itself from years of alcohol abuse...but it WILL happen I promise. In time living an alcohol-free life will not only feel normal it will feel amazing. Hang in there.
Good on you mate you can do this. IWNDWYT
I haven't felt the health or other benefits yet tbh. Expected my skin to be super clear my energy levels to be high all of that. I'm just napping a lot. But I *have* noticed how good it feels to be free from the shame and the hangovers. I will not drink with you today. Welcome to week three. 
