-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a82avm/christmas_in_jail/

So I'm sitting alone at my apartment right now and I just feel lost exactly two months ago I drank for one day and was arrested for my second DUI  was suicidal was arrested and taken to the hospital for self endangerment instead of being booked. I had my court date yesterday for a change of plea and Saturday am checking in for 7 days in jail. And I'm terrified. I have no desire to drink but have been struggling with major depression and anxiety. I knew I would have to go to jail for this but I'm way more affected than I thought I would be. I'm terrified. I found out Tuesday that I would need to do sevens days and since then haven't been able to sleep or eat on top of having a messed up arm from wrecking on ice while biking to my stupid court appearance which just seemed to add insult to injury. ..Last year for Christmas I was able to fly home and surprise my family whom live on the other side of the country and I'm just filled with so much shame that this year I'll be in jail for Christmas. And I've been so shamed about this all that my family doesn't even know. I'm afraid of being a disappointment or more of a disappointment than I have already been in the past. But I hate hiding from the people I love most...Even in the AA groups I go to only a few people know what's going on and I know that that is probably one place where I will not shock anyone by getting another DUI but I just feel like I don't know. I know better? I should be better? ..I can't get my head to shut up regardless that I know a love a lot of people who have been to jail as a result of their alcohol use and think nothing less of them my brain keeps telling me I should not be allowed to take up space on this earth if I'm the kind of person that goes to jail. And I know that 7 days is not a long time and I'm being a huge god damn baby about this but it's terrifying to me. I'm having a hard time and I just want to be around my sober community and work on getting better and spending 7 days in a place where I will feel unsafe and scared and be surrounded by potentially toxic people sounds horrible. ..I know I'm doing the right things I was in a rough shape last night and I called and asked a friend to take me to a meeting. After the morning meeting I went to this morning I felt like hurting myself so I called another friend and asked if I could run errands with her. I'm not drinking and I haven't given into thoughts of suicide and self harm. I know this is something I just need to face and I will get through it (don't really have a choice right?). But right now I'm just really afraid and anxious and I dont know what to do and I just feel alone...I just needed to vent somewhere I guess. Thanks SD.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry you're going to be spending a week in jail and on Christmas. Idk if you have been or not but a week is not so bad. I was in jail for a little over a week a few years ago. I had all the same feelings you do now. I know it probably won't help but you will be just fine. I pretty much spent the entire time sleeping or reading. My experience was most people didn't bother me cause I wasn't going to be there long anyway. Just be prepared to be asked you why you're there should you chat with anyone. For now worrying won't do you any good. Just try to relax and enjoy some little things before you go in. ..Let us know how you're doing. ..I will not drink with you today ..
I might share with my AA buddies.  I wouldn't be surprised if they've experienced it.
Thank you immensely for sharing this..I was reading word for word how i felt and am feeling...Haloween morning i got picked up for my 2nd dui as well suicidal and all too....Going to a few meetings a week and it was in a different state...January 8th because there have been some issues will be when i find out how long im going to spend in jail for this very same cause..Youll be in my thoughts and just know that we both will serve out time and get through this..We are going conquer and move on with our lives...IWNDWYT 
Prayers from the UK my friend. You will find the strength within to get through this and figure it all out later with the family situation. You made a mistake you are human; not a bad person. Love and light ...  
Someone close to me had to go to jail because of a 2nd DUI. They asked for volunteers to work in the kitchen and he accepted which he said was actually enjoyable and led to him being let out a couple days early. Just passing that info along. It's going to be over before you know it. Best of luck to you :)
Try to keep in mind that life will go on. The people you value and cherish have more than likely done just as bador worse. I've learned that quite a few respectable folks I know have had run-ins with the law and you would never know it because afterwards they made a conscious effort to be the respectable person they wanted to be. Use this experience as fuel for change and take it one step at a time. 
IWNDWYT!!!!!
I'm sorry to hear that you will be spending the holidays in jail I'm sure that will be difficult. ..That said I thought I would mention it since you said that your family doesn't know that you'll be in jail that maybe you should tell them if they are the kind of family who would call you during Christmas eve or the day of. If they can't get a hold of you then can't get a hold of you after that they may do a wellness check or another and find out that way which might make you feel even more shameful. ..Either way I wish you the best and hope things start looking up for you!
All I can say is that I understand. And all I know is that seven months ago I thought I my life was over. Actually about 10 months ago was when I thought all was lost and it just worse a few months later. ..10 months ago I relapsed and lost my job and had to move across the country back to where I'm from and live with my mom. Totally humiliating and I felt like the biggest piece of shit. Got a job but then it was taken away because I couldn't pass the background check because of my drinking. I drank over it and found myself in jail. This was my third arrest. I can't tell you how depressed and hopeless I felt but I'm sure you understand...But I just took everything one day at a time. That's all I could handle and that was more than enough. AA was a huge support. And no I just didn't necessarily trust the group at large but there were a few people I stayed incredibly close to. That was a life saver...Fast forward. I found an awesome job moved across the country again and things are going incredibly well - far better than I could have ever imagined especially when I was so depressed and hopeless. ..Are things guaranteed to work out? Absolutely not. But if you keep putting one foot in front of the other one day at a time and you don't drink there's a very good probability that you'll pick up the pieces including getting through this latest arrest. ..And I realize that doesn't take away the pain and the worry. Nothing anyone said to me could alleviate my suffering. But it gave me the strength to endure it. ..We all think we're unique. I can accept someone else and their difficulties but I see myself as the worst piece of shit in the world for losing a job and ending up in jail. One of the awesome things about recovery is that you realize there are tons of people that have struggled including going to jail but when we put the plug in the jug and focus on recovery most of us get the shit back get past all the legal troubles and find our way. ..Last thing I'll say is that as hard as this is to admit I'm grateful for that incredibly hard time. If anyone would have told me that I will later down the road I would have been furious and 100% doubtful. But I hope it was the final straw and the turning point in my sobriety. I never want to go back to that place. I never want those consequences again. I never want to feel that way especially so hopeless. I'm only seven months sober so it's still one day at a time. But trust me if you do the right thing day by day you have no idea what your life will look like in a few months or a year. Hang in there. Wishing you the best and keep doing the next right thing. 
Thanks for sharing with the community and I know this is hard for you. I never spent a day in jail. Had to pass through one for about an hour to bail out from a bogus harassment charge my estranged brother put on me. I got PR bond and my family and I disowned him thankfully. But passing through i was mostly in a sitting area while my lawyer worked to free me (I had surrendered which looked well on the court). But when I went back for clearance I had to wait about 30 minutes. They started intake where I was interviewed by the nurse. That is who you want to tell of your anxiety issues and any other conditions. They have to accommodate you. I bonded out during the interview...This too will pass. They want you and the community to be safe. And you didn't hit anybody or anything which would've been disastrous thank God...My case got dismissed along with my jerk brother. Your real family will show compassion...IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry you're going through this. Of course I want you to know that I don't think you're a garbage person for having to spend a week in jail. I don't blame you for being afraid because I probably would feel afraid and bad too. But this doesn't have to say much if anything about your overall self. It could be part of an awesome new arc where you turn your life around. You probably won't have the merriest Christmas. Maybe you can journal a lot in the meantime and try to gain a helpful perspective so you can gather a little calm for yourself. You have my sincere sympathy. You'll be in my thoughts the next week and a half.
You are completely justified in those feelings. Jail sucks!!! Be grateful it wasn't worse no one got hurt. Use this 7 days on reflecting on turning things around.
I got arrested last Christmas night and spend it in jail. Was released and was sentenced to 90 days jail work release and did 75. I finished that in October. We press on my friend this too shall pass. This Christmas I won't be In jail and time flew! It will for you too. 7 days is nothing and you get good time so may only have to serve 3 or 4. You'll be out in no time. Good news is there's always next Christmas and you're blessed enough to see it. It will be the best Christmas of your life. Time heals all wounds homie 
Sorry this is happening. Using the bathroom 3 feet away from somebody and vice versa everyday does get old fast. I did 4 months. Seems like you have a good head on your shoulders  You'll be ok. Just relax and think of it like a really weird hotel stay. .Best wishes in your recovery journey my relapses were not kind to me either but in hindsight they furthered my surrender to booze. Grateful for them today. .One day at a time
Holy shit the thoughtfulness in you asking that just blew me away thank you first off!.The lawyer reduced the offense down to a first offense high BAC instead of a 2nd offense high BAC and they dropped the breathalizer refusal. .That was just what was agreed too within the next month ill be sentenced and i may get 15 days but thats at the most. And ill state my claim to the judge and hope they give me less than that. But it means my license wont be suspended for a year now lower fines and community service. So it could be way worse but ill be fine overall. ..How was the 7 days..? How are you doing ??
