-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8f212/my_toxic_relationship_with_alchohol/

This week I attended my work Christmas party and have just spent the last 3 days getting myself back to feeling  normal'.  I've struggled with controlling my drinking for years now and when I do drink heavily I pay the price the following day... and the following day... and more often than not the following day!  I've found my way into this group through googling various things to do with alcohol withdrawal and how I can change my relationship with alcohol as I cannot continue like this...This hangover was particularly bad and I spent the entire day throwing up feeling sick faint and a real cloudy head meaning I could barely speak or focus on anything.  Through the dry wretching I burst blood vessels in my face and at 10pm the day after this session I still felt as bad as I did when I first woke up.  The following morning I still felt horrific and had to go into work. My bloodshot eyes and blotchy face meant my partner had to put makeup on me to attempt to hide how awful I was still feeling.  The entire day was a write off and I struggled to concentrate all day. Not only has this caused me some really bad physical symptoms but it's also had an impact on my relationship as it's ruined a weekend with my partner.  I'm ashamed that my drinking has done this...In the past I have suffered seizures following a lads holiday and this also turned into psychosis and hallucinations.  I ended up spending 3 days in a psychiatric hospital in Spain and my father had to fly out to collect me.  Fortunately no lasting damage was done beyond 3 days where I have very little recollection of what I was doing.  Whilst I stopped drinking for 6 months or so I started again and now regularly binge drink with  friends'.  I feel like it's only a matter of time before something serious happens to me again but I can't control myself or say no to drink...Tomorrow a group of friends are going on a Christmas pub crawl that I have committed to. I know I shouldn't drink but part of me doesn't feel like I can enjoy the day without drinking. I don't want to cancel as these are friends I've not seen for a long time but I don't think I can handle following a group of lads around numerous pubs and not drink.  I hope that through reading this group I can start to change my ways and reduce or stop my binge drinking. Any help greatly appreciated
----------immediate responses--------

You should definitely not drink. At all. Bite the bullet now before it's too late and make the change. Nothing good will come from you drinking. Nothing. Like - what's the best possible outcome? You have fun? Heaps of fun? What's the downside risk? You die?! End up in psychosis? Do something to ruin your life?..Flip a coin - if you don't drink - what's the best possible outcome? Same as if you drink - you have heaps of fun plus you won't hate yourself or feel sick the following day and your partner will think you're the man. Downside risk? You go home earlier then your mates? You won't be drunk like them?..It's such a no brained dude. You shouldn't drink full stop. Just quit. Today.
Try your damndest to not drink
I would rather tell the lads I came down with the flu... thats playing Russian roulette with your life! 
As much as I didn't understand it I stuck to dry people / dry places...I made sobriety my priority and I'd be damned if I was going to jeopardize it for any one or any thing...If my genuine friends wanted to see me they would meet for coffee or do something in an alcohol-free environment.
