-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8pguq/dealing_with_consequences_in_2019/

Well 2018 was a banner year for me.  I have two pending DUI's I relapsed multiple times (it always got worse) my license is suspended I almost got fired from work I was very close to bleeding out during a blackout and I went to rehab.  My wife has stayed with me through all of this.  God bless her...I leave rehab in 6 days after a 50 day stint.  This is the longest I've been sober in 20 years.  The weight of all my mistakes and blunders are weighing on me particularly hard today. Last year was a mess and thankfully nobody (but myself) got hurt...2019 is a new year and a new day.  I'm ready to deal with the consequences of my addiction and move forward.  As bad and harsh that they may be I need to deal with them head on.  I will not numb my feelings and anxiety with alcohol. ..Money is going to be very tight for a while and spending Christmas in rehab sucks.  That being said I'm thankful for my wife family friends sponsor AA and my fellowship for the support.  They are getting me through this difficult time...You may be going through something worse or the same but remember that we will not drink today and tomorrow's sun will rise.  We will deal with our addiction tomorrow when that day comes.  Until then I will concentrate on not drinking today.  ..Merry Christmas.  IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

That inspires me.. thank u.. merry xmas
Merry Christmas   
Merry Christmas! 
Powerful stuff. IWNDWYT 
IWNDWY   Merry Christmas  
IWNDWYT
I will not drink with you today  
Merry Christmas! 2019 will be amazing!
Well done :)
Merry Christmas   ! IWNDWYT!
[removed]
I promise you will emerge stronger and healthier.  The best gift you can give is your presence-your clear and sober presence.  You deserve a happy life. Merry Christmas
Because of you iwndwyt  
Happy Christmas fellow survivor! 3 years here it can get better!!!
I'm almost on the same situation IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT!
