-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8sua9/i_think_i_have_hit_rock_bottom/

Was a few weeks sober then relapsed drank for two days. I feel like absoute shit mentally. I realised I'm an alcoholic with depression and BPD and I don't know if thats maybe just too much for me. I'm having thoughts of just ending it all. I realise that part of it is the withdrawal from alcohol but how can I go on? I just feel so hopeless like I'm not strong enough to actually fight my diseases. I know getting sober would improve my life but I don't know how to go about it. Every single time I've tried so far I have failed. And even if I get a strong sobriety going I still have the BPD to deal with I'm in therapy but I feel like nothing is improving. I guess I just needed to get this out as I can't exactly talk to my friends about being an addict with borderline personality disorder and depression. Don't know for what responses I'm looking thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Are you on any meds? There is a bright side to everything even though sometimes it may not feel that way. My rock bottom was the most thing I've ever experienced but I learned that once I had hit it there was nowhere to go but up.
You have defined *your* rock bottom so now no where else to go but up. Have you thought about rehab? I went through an inpatient rehab and many were dual diagnosis there and the doctors specialize in treating it. I hope you find peace soon and keep fighting it is worth it I promise.
Have you tried AA? It's been an incredible experience for me. You can usually find a meeting near you on google it doesn't cost anything and you can find great tools to help you and other awesome people in recovery. Good luck it gets so much better. Stick with it.
You are definitely not alone! And yes it is worth it. It is absolutely worth taking every positive step and yes I know it feels impossibly pointless at the time. ..Your problem haunts my family too and it's truly a demon. But it can be managed and the other side is closer than it seems. ..I am definitely not a medical professional in any way but my experience suggests to me that alcohol and long term alcohol abuse makes the issue exponentially worse. So does sobriety solve the problem? No of course not. But it does give you the stable platform you need. ..Good luck my friend IWNDWYT 
Have you had an honest discussion with your doctor about your alcoholism?  (the doctor who has prescribed the "*various meds*" you indicated above.)  ..I agree with KreamoftheKropp's second reply "*You're problem is absolutely severe enough for rehab. There's always a way- if you're too busy you can do outpatient.*"  ...and your doctor can help you with that process.  ..Being depressed is no way to go through life and I sincerely hope you seek out the help that you need.  Blessings to you....
'I feel like absolute shit mentally'. 'I just feel so hopeless'. ...Nothing else in your life is as important as you are. Nothing else in your life needs and deserves your time and attention as much as nurturing your spirit and tending to your mental and physical health. You have clearly identified the sources of pain in your life. For me the next brave step is to identify some supports to address that pain. You have all of the people here on this reddit at your back. What else can you do for you?
I have significant mental health issues. Bipolar 1. I drank to medicate myself. I know I did this. But in the end it made it worse. My Dr was pretty adamant about quitting. He basically said he couldn't treat me if I didn't stop drinking...I understand his point now. How could tell if the meds were working if I was drinking all the time?..There is nothing to lose by quitting drinking. 
