-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8uy2k/scared_and_sad_today/

Being sober has been really wonderful sometimes but I've had depression creep up and its doing its best to crush me today.  I just got my letter in the mail that the unemployment services have disqualified me for benefits because I resigned to go into treatment for alcohol addiction which in their mind is "quitting" for no good reason. They declared I did not perform due diligence to save my job which couldn't be farther from the truth...It has brought to mind all of the times in the past that I've screwed up at jobs being difficult to work with being insubordinate failing.  I can safely say that the last three jobs have been lost at least in part because of my alcohol addiction and its effect on my ability to stay focused and learn the job properly. It had a toll on my attitude and exacerbated my sense of entitlement and my arrogance.  ..I've been reading some essays about Buddhism and the Twelve Steps and how they relate.  Being able to let go of the self and coming to peace with past actions is the part that struck me this morning.  I don't know if I can do that. I feel as though I will always be difficult and whatever talents I have are wasted. I don't mean to be negative I haven't lost all hope I'm just going through that rough spot where I am terrified of the future of relapse and am scared I will lose everything even though I'm sober.  I could use a word or two of relation and encouragement.  Thanks...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I've definitely been there before. My sponsor in AA is always reminding me not to "future trip" as he calls it and "just worry about today". When I get worried about how things are going to turn out (ie I feel bad today what if I feel this way tomorrow? Something bad happened today what if bad things keep happening? etc) I think about instead how I would like them to turn out and ask myself the question "What is one small thing I can do to move towards that vision?". It could be as simple as sending an email organizing a drawer or something more complex like submitting an application or spending 30 minutes researching something. It doesn't fix everything but I find if I stack up a bunch of those in a day it certainly helps. The other things that helps is for me to establish emotional context I keep a diary for this purpose it helps remind me I feel good sometimes. Of course sometimes I just feel shitty and there's nothing that can be done about it but some mental hygiene goes a long way...&amp;#x200B;..Hope things start looking up for you and that you're being kind to yourself internet friend &lt;3
I know a little how you feel. Relapse is terrifying really. We know how much damage we can do if we drink and sometimes we want it anyways. But it's never going to be worth it. All we've got to avoid is that first drink. Iwndwyt 
It will get better.  Alcohol clouded my mind where all I could see is darkness. It was a slow process in sobriety for those dark clouds to lift.  But lift they did.  Things will get better as they have for so many here in sobriety.  I might just trust the process and take everything one step and a time. Sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
I have always struggled with my past actions. Thought and felt i was a terrible person and hated myself. Maybe i WAS a terrible person (i kinda was lol) but that does not mean i have to remain and continue to BE a terrible person...I fucked up so many times in the past usually when drunk. I know it's not the alcohols fault; i chose to drink the alcohol. ..The thing i CAN take out of the equation is alcohol and that's what I'm doing. I won't be a shitty person anymore because there is no reason to. I won't dwell on the shitty things I've done up to this point in my life. I can't change them or the past. The only thing i can do ia change the future and how i view life
You can do it! You can stay sober. We are stronger together!
