-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8wk9w/cant_control_the_urges_i_think_i_need_to_bite_the/

Well fellow sobernauts I can officially say I am at a crossroads and fed up. I have drank twice this week. Yesterday while out running errands for Christmas I had to go to a liquor store (which itself isn't much a trigger usually i drink beer exclusively) I already relapsed Thursday after a particularly stressful day. ..Well they had a wine tasting. The smell of the wine the people lined up.. the smiles... I actually took a sample of wine. I hate wine... merlot which this was especially. This of course opened the floodgates and another 15 beer night. My wife is at her wits end. She is making me swear not to drink tomorrow or she doesn't even want me at Christmas eve. We have had HORRIBLE christmas eves the last few years. This is my most triggering day of the year.... i'm thinking about just staying home...I am honestly tired of this cycle the last month i have had 8 relapses now 17 total in 8 months. I don't know what it's going to take to make it stick... i think i'm going to have to try AA....Happy Holidays to the sub and may your Holidays be sober... i HAVE to make mine sober this year
----------immediate responses--------

My first meeting is today..  
Nobody comes to AA on a winning streak! Congrats for taking a positive action to confront your drinking issues
Good luck in AA. I'm not in in myself because I don't want all the "we're powerless against alcohol" and God stuff...I found the SMART handbook to be helpful.
Just keep trying. You ony fail if you stop trying.
Aa saved my life.  And I'm no long  fighting the urge   i have a new direction and freedom. Jump in the water's fine.  ..The 12 step program of recovery is in the first 164 pages of the book Alcoholics Anonymous  the back half is inspiring stories of individuals who recovered.    https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/read-the-big-book-and-twelve-steps-and-twelve-traditions 
Hey I believe in you and I know it's sooo hard. What helped me in my new man is a former crackhead and has been in recovery for 7 years. He doesn't drink and normally this is a deal breaker but here I am thanks to going to his meetings with him. You have to do what you have to do. Stay on here and post and.Respond... all that helps. Sober podcasts help too. I can't say what's gonna happen tomorrow and NO ONE HERE JUDGES YOU! I used to reset my badge everyday. Day one day one day one. I believe in you and  merry Christmas  
