-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8xmuv/quit_drinking_on_my_birthday/

.A week ago I made the final decision to quit drinking alcohol finally for good..I have been drinking since I was sixteen and struggle with it since my early twenties. .I dont concider myself a fulltime alcoholic I barley drink during the week but in the weekends I can party a lot. I used to do drugs when I went out too but I barely do that annymore. .I've had sober streaks before and they always happend after a period of heavy partying and feeling depressed with a hangover. .I always feel guilty and hate myself the day after drinking hard..I never knew my father because of his alcohol and drug addiction so that also plays a big role in everything. ..I'm almost 29 now and I am pretty done with it! The last half year I'm struggeling with burn-out problems and while I am trying to get better I am drinking and partying pretty hard. .And thats not a good combination at all! .I do have good help I'm in therapie and have a good support system...So to better my life moods and love for myself I have made this decision to stop drinking in the most festive month of the year..Christmas and NYE I allready made peace with no drinks for me. Just fun with friends..Only my birthday is coming up this friday and I allready planed a big party. Last year I had to cancel my birthday because of my mental health issues and I was so looking forward to do whatever I want. So I was thinking about drinking on my birthday for the last time. .But Im not sure if thats smart.. ..What do you guys think??..Going to stop smoking cigarettes on January 1st too so wish me luck!..(I'm Dutch so sorry if my grammar is bad!).
----------immediate responses--------

Usually when I drank I thought it was going to be good but it ended up being bad.  Wishing you the best on your birthday! IWNDWYT 
I would say no. What do you have to gain from drinking on your birthday? You can have just as much fun sober.
I think a sober birthday is a great gift to yourself. However if you can't see yourself dealing with saying no to birthday drinks you don't have to. You may find that a lot of people would be super supportive too. .But what is important is the decision to move on to the alcohol free life. The best kind :) Do it on your own time. 
It's a bad idea. You already decided to quit. That's the opposite of quitting. If you drink on this birthday it's just an excuse. You'll soo. Be back to drinking every weekend. And honestly before you know it you'll be drinking a gallon of hard liquor a week. ..It doesn't get better if you continue to drink. It gets worse. 
I like to play things forward in my head. Imagine yourself the day after your birthday. What will it feel like if you got drunk the night before? What will it feel like if you were sober the night before?
