-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a92pwm/how_do_you_get_over_the_fear_that_youre_missing/

Hey everyone. Long time lurker first time poster. I'm on day 2 of a wicked hang over which feels like the absolute last straw for me. I don't remember much of the last couple hours of the night and I'm tired of spending a week reminiscing about how much of a mess I'm sure I was being. ..I always thought I'd be able to wing it and just quit if I needed to but now that I'm at that tipping point I am terrified. A lot of mine and my friends activities revolve heavily around drinking (we're all late 20s/early 30s guys big into sports etc) and I feel like I'm going to end up left out by turning down opportunities to go drink. ..So many of my hobbies involved drinking and I'm getting overwhelmed with the thoughts of how I could be negatively affecting my social life right now. I know it's for the best. For myself and for my relationships. But holy shit am I struggling to take this on. Has anyone had any similar experience? Or any general advice?..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in early sobriety and this is the first year I've ever tried to stop drinking. I went to my buddy's funeral today he was mostly a drinking buddy but he was a great guy with a huge heart. He was 46 and passed from a heart attack and at the service today I saw a picture that was displayed of me and him and my wife all drinking shots from a couple years back. It reminded me of the old days when my brain said alcohol used to be fun even though I still got wasted all the time including the night that picture was taken. I know many people were at the bar tonight toasting to him and I felt like I was missing out and I missed those old days today. But then I went to an AA meeting talked about it didn't drink and am going to bed sober tonight. I guess for me I still miss the perception of those good times drinking but the happiness of sobriety waking up clear headed not fighting with my wife all out weigh drinking today. I had to get to that point where the benefits of sobriety just meant more to me than drinking even though my brain still tells me it would be fun to go get hammered tonight. I just don't want to live like that anymore personally at least for today.
I know people talk about it on this sub all the time but seriously read This Naked Mind. I think it would really help you. Realizing that you need more than willpower to stop is huge - you should be proud of your self awareness. All my friends are drinkers and that book made me really understand that I wasn't missing out on much at all. I've still gone to bars/gatherings with alcohol several times and had fun. I've learned it's not the booze that made it fun but the people around me. ..Your mind is powerful: if you sit around thinking you need a drink to enjoy the night that will be your reality. You'll have a miserable time. I tried to approach things with a different mindset this time and I actually inspired a friend of mine to take a break from booze. She told me that I was just as funny and fun to be around while sober. (This was so good to hear because I didn't feel like that could be possible ya know?)..Also I've very very rarely woken up the next day and thought "I'm so glad I got trashed last night! I would have missed out on such an amazing time!" In the moment sometimes it felt like I was having the time of my life but the next day when reflecting on it it never matched up. Idk if that makes sense. The next day always brought some degree of shame for me. Even if I didn't do anything I regretted. When you think you're going to miss out on social gatherings remind yourself that you'll actually miss out on the following day due to a hangover. ..And honestly this time around (because of that book) I've been so much more present when interacting with my friends. The connections are a little deeper and I'm so so grateful that I get to keep those memories the next day. 
 It took a while. When I first stopped drinking and I felt like I was this very boring person and I didn't really have much to say in social situations. But I just excepted that I was not there to entertain people and around that time I begin asking people more open ended questions and got to know people better that way because I didn't feel like talking. As I adjusted to a sober life and my life got more full and active  I had more to say and conversations. And now I crack jokes and feel festive with my friends. I kind of think that I feed off of their drink an energy or maybe just their energy in general that is heightened from there drinking. But the strange thing is that I noticed less and less who is drinking and how much they've been drinking. I think I noticed all of that a lot more when I was drinking and now I only actively notice it if it's really sloppy.  Like last night I'm trying to remember how many people drank at this dinner party I went to and I only remember one person for sure drinking whereas I'm not sure whether the other ones were drinking... This is all to say that even though it sounds really crazy you might get to a point where you don't think about it very much and might not miss it even at the times you would expect. I think it's better if you try to do a shorter detox instead of saying you're going to quit alcohol forever. If you like it keep going... I will not drink with you today.
Aren't you missing out when you drink and then can't remember the night?  I went to see one of my favorite bands play and then couldn't even remember if they had played my favorite song.  I completely missed out on a fun night even though I was there.  Now if I go out I remember everything so there is no fear of missing out...I did have to go into hiding for my first couple months of sobriety before I could start testing out sober socializing but that was a very small price to pay for a lifetime of memories and all the other benefits.
Im 3 years sober and Im a bartender. You aren't missing anything.
