-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a93k1v/aok_acts_of_kindness_monday_giving_the_gift_of/

Hey SD!..Whether you celebrate Christmas Hanukkah Kwanzaa etc. even if you don't celebrate at all - I just want to share this small sentiment about the ultimate Acts of Kindness...right here at r/stopdrinking...Many of us are going through difficult times during this holiday season. I've read several posts that tugged at my heart strings.....If you're alone if you're struggling if you're having cravings if you're thinking about stopping drinking or on the fence if you're having family or friendships issues please  know that you have a warm loving family here at SD that will always be here for you. You're not alone...Approaching a staggering 145000 members this community cares more than you'll ever know...that's one of the reasons we keep growing!..Never met us? Don't need to - we're here - maybe in cyberspace but you're reading this post right now and that's enough of a connection to feel the love...Now more than ever I feel it is critical to keep in touch and not feel alone. If you're not experiencing any of the above issues perhaps you can lend an ear and help someone out here? Someone that's lonely and just needs a "how are you doing today?" Do a check-in congratulate someone on day 1 or day 20000? Let someone know that it's OK if they slipped that we're going to help them climb right back on our life raft?..In this season of kindness I consider myself blessed to have all of you along with me on this journey. And if there's anything that I or any of us can do to make your life a bit easier - or hell even just to make you smile reach out! Let us know! That's what we're here for :D...Whatever happens good or bad always remember that **our disease is in the corner doing pushups; do NOT let it flex!**..*I'm sending a special shout out to my sponsor who rescued me today (yes regardless of our badge numbers we're all still human sharing the same DIS-EASE)...it's simply amazing how a few words can change someone's whole perspective and make their Christmas truly merry...thank you...* Merry Christmas!..Love and Peace..Lee &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

What a lovely post thank you. Yes I am struggling at the moment on holiday in a hotel for Christmas &amp; surrounded by drink but I'm hanging on in there due to you all. I lurk much more than I post but just reading your posts really helps so thank you from the heart. Peace &amp; love to you all.   
Thanks Lee...golden. It never ceases to amaze me how much I benefit by sharing support with others. Last week I saw a news blip about "Lay-away Angels". Made me curious so I checked with the local lay-away at local WalMart and the lady I talked to had heard about it and had a couple of possibilities picked out. I spent a nominal amount of money and paid off a lady's layaway. It was kids toys that the layaway lady said would probably not get paid for/picked up by the mother. Unbelieveable how good that made me feel. Wishing a wonderful grateful sober holiday season to all! Peace 
Great post and all so true. We are all here for each other. I will be on all over Christmas if anyone needs a chat please feel free to reach out.
how are you doing today?  ;-)..Silence your inner playwright.  Just for today no drama is good drama.  ..
Thank you Lee for always being the voice of kindness itself :) This is the season of triggers on steroids and all of us are heroic for staying true to our goal of simply staying sober when all around us it's like booze ads on continual replay. I've been finding doing extra little kindnesses helpful - I did a lot of Random Acts of Cake this week - Kiddo's class [twice in a row] the local library staff [who I love to bits] three days in a row my friend who owns the electrical shop one afternoon. I made up a herbal tea for a friend who's got some health issue going on delivered a turkey dinner to another friend who's been awfully busy helping others and lives alone found and delivered gifts for a couple of people that have few people around them giving them gifts... all things that I recognised as I was doing them felt better to do sober. It all helps. To the extent that today even though I went to the supermarket twice I didn't even glance at the wine section right near the registers. It simply was not on my radar today - and that's HUGE. I wish everyone who is like me tackling their first sober Christmas for some time a similar blessed blind spot! And loads of love and support and contentment. &lt;3..
Just to say thanks Lee for that lovely post. That post is itself an act of kindness. I wish you a christmas holiday full of peace joy and serenity    
I spent last Christmas here reading and it helped me not to feel so alone.  I pulled through it with a little help from my SD friends.  And although this year is not really any different looking at things from an outside perspective- it is a whole brand new world for me.  A place of contentment and joy such as I had only been able to wish for these past several years.  A place of Peace of Mind.  Thank you SD!  Merry Christmas!!    
From a newsletter I receive written by a wise woman. "Don't let the moment go by by not being fully present. **Time is the only gift you have been given and it is the only gift you can truly give another.** "
Thank you Lee.  This post is such a wonderful AoK to all of us.  
Merry Christmas to all  !!
X-mas Shopping Adventures!..I had a nasty cashier.  She was just rude and snarky and very unpleasant.  I thought about saying something to her or her manager or filling out the survey and mentioning how horrible she is at her job.  ..But... then I thought about being in her place.  I thought about how she was probably going to be there until midnight or later how bad her feet probably hurt I thought about what it's like to have co-workers that slack and don't pull there weight and make the same amount of money as you and get away with it! I thought about what it's like to have had supposed to have gone on break a half hour ago...  or since it's Holiday season maybe no break at all.....I thanked her and went on her way.  What if she has sick parents that she has to take care of?  Or maybe like me had barely scratched a dent in her Xmas shopping?  Or what if she's a single parent and really needs this stupid job.  ..I mean I was fuming.  This was Saturday and I'm still a little upset about it.  But I mean... that's what the holiday season is all about!  So act of kindness not acting on my perceived slight by the cashier...I haven't gotten around to taken a pic of the puppy but I haven't forgotten!  I'm planning on taking pics tomorrow so I'll try and throw something up by the end of the week.  :)
Checking in. Christmas Eve survived. Merry Christmas to you all. IWNDWYT. 
Positive action can make profound differences  within peoples lives...Have had the good fortune to be able to help out co-workers and friends with various economic and personal hardships...Helped convince a classmate of mine in my senior year of high school to not drop out and helped him graduate. He has a family and a great career that I doubt he could have gotten without his hs diploma...As a manager I gave a worker that opened the store with me the $500 he needed to fix his car after his tire literally fell off while he was driving...I am going to school to be a financial advisor. I will make it my life's work to help people save and invest for their future prosperity and financial independence...Stay positive and never give up... I may not have a drinking problem but I have been around many people struggling with addiction. ..Take it day by day brick by brick step by step...Merry Christmas everyone and a happy New year!
Happy Holidays Lee thanks for all you do! ..IWNDWYT 
Hey Lee I'm a day late to your party but wanted to send you hugs and love and a big fat Merry Christmas! Thank you for all the kindness you give to this sub and all the folks here. My boy's been here since Friday and we've having a great time.  Sure is nice that he can drive to see me for the holidays.  Hope you had a peaceful and joyful holiday yourself...shoot me me an update on your life! Blessings friend.
