-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a93zvk/im_drunkenly_sabotaging_every_aspect_of_my_life/

I was kind of late to the party. I never really drank (except when I was alone) before I was legally allowed to and the only reason I started was because I was trying to make friends. In college the main activities revolve around alcohol so it was easy. I feel like it helped me chill out about other aspects of my life that caused me anxiety so I let it stay...I let alcohol take over my personality and my interests. I'm typing this at 2:34 in the morning because I had three 8.5% beers to drink this afternoon passed out around 6:30-7 and then woke up sober with an upset stomach in the middle of the night. I have a flight to catch tomorrow morning and all I can think about is why didn't I do anything I needed to do before my flight?..I'm so sick of this shit. I'm sick of sabotaging myself. I'm sick of hating myself because I can't get out of my own way. Sure alcohol helps with my anxiety but it doesn't help me address the root cause of it...I know it's Christmas Eve and New Years soon after that but because of my drinking I have no friends or family to celebrate either with. I am starting now this very moment to have a sober life. Hopefully it can afford me some clarity and happiness. I'd really like that. Hope the best for all of you guys struggling out there too.
----------immediate responses--------

You totally can do this! And talking about it (here or with someone you trust) will make a huge difference. Sending you good vibes today. Safe travels. IWNDWYT
Welcome to SD friend! I'll urge you - Don't beat yourself up. Let's start small - just for today let's try not to drink shall we? IWNDWYT.
Welcome! We're here with you. ..Check out the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace (The audio book is on YouTube if you want to start listening now for free!). It really gets into the subconscious and neurochemical reasons why we drink. Incredibly helpful for getting rid of the desire to consume alcohol. ..You've got all of us here behind you not drinking so you're not alone! 
&gt;Sure alcohol helps with my anxiety but it doesn't help me address the root cause of it...I don't personally have social anxiety but I drank a lot to *not* deal with feelings...One thing I learned is that drinking to avoid stuff is like buying something on credit.  I might not be paying for it *now* but I'll pay for it later... With interest...Same with the feelings.  I may drink to avoid them but they *will* come back and eventually I'll have to deal with them.  And the longer I suppress them with booze (or anything else) the *more* I'll have to deal with.  The feelings plus the shame &amp; regret of not dealing with them at the right time.  Plus the shame and regret of whatever stupid things I did while drunk.  Plus the shame and regret of how much time and money I spent drinking...Alcohol still calls to me to forget for a moment.  It's still a struggle to not listen...But I want to stop *creating* emotional debt and start paying it off.
