-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a996ve/just_struggling_at_the_moment/

Today I've been sober 79 days. This is the longest stretch in my adult life and I really want a drink. ..My life has always been some level of chaos. I don't have biological family I speak with. This will not change. For a good part of my adult life I was married so had his family. We divorced three years ago (after 18 years of marriage). His family didn't turn their backs at first but in the age of Trump their socially conservative views became more pronounced and this did not align with my bisexual liberal increasingly outspoken self. They cut ties when I dared disagree on Facebook that giving teachers guns was perhaps not the best answer to school shootings. That was just earlier this year. ..I've worked hard over the last five years or so to stop the chaos internal and external. I've worked with a therapist to figure out myself and what I believe. I've made good friends better than I ever thought possible. I run a thriving business. I volunteer my time helping others in a way I'm passionate. I'm proud of who I'm becoming but it's such a long process and can be at times so incredibly lonely. This year I decided to give up drinking because I recognized that I was using it as a crutch for emotions I didn't want to deal with and I was incredibly bad at moderation. ..But still. Christmas. Ugh. Here come the emotions I haven't wanted to deal with.  I don't have family in the traditional sense. No kids. No partner at the moment. I've had a bunch of Christmas celebrations already but no plans for tomorrow. Tonight I'm supposed to meet some of my chosen family to see Bumblebee and eat Chinese but I'm feeling so low that I don't want to go. I will because I know I need to but right now all I want to do is get lost in a drunken fog. Make the feeling that I'm unloved and unlovable go away. I know these things aren't true; but my inner critic is running havoc. ..Typing this out did make me feel a little better (as did texting a friend about some random BS). Thanks for reading. ..And to anyone else struggling today or for the rest of this holiday season maybe we make an Internet promise to stick this out together ok? Drink LaCroix and play video games read a good book watch a bunch of movies go for a run and nap a whole bunch or something? Thanks and  I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

We all know drinking will only make it worse. And we only get so many Christmas days in our life. I find that as I get older I keep a lot of memories of events and people at holidays. Sometimes good and sometimes bad. I've had Christmases where I felt so lonely. But I always did a little decorating put on some Christmas carols and had a little cry. ..I am at the point in my sobriety where I am feeling my emotions both good and bad. The fact that I am feeling is great. It means I am becoming whole again. ..As Rue Paul says "If you don't love yourself how the heck are you gonna love anyone else?" You can love yourself (some people never will) so you have the capacity for a rich and full life. 
IWNDWYT
I believe in you 80 is in reach :) IWNDWYT 
Hiya Nikita. Thanks for sharing. Merry Christmas. Sending you a big SD hug. Let's sober on sister. IWNDWYT    Katherine aka Divvydend
