-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9cq2t/confused_struggling_in_search_of_some_clarity/

I'm 19 years old I turn 20 in March.  i am really struggling to identify if I am truly an  alcoholic . I don't want to be an AA poser or convince myself that I'm something that I am not (convince myself I have a problem when I don't). ..Backstory:.My story begins back in high school (sophomore year). I started drinking alone. I never drank with people. For about 6 months to close to a year I would drink almost nightly. Literally a small glass of usually straight up vodka. I used to get hammered every night by myself until one night I passed out on the bathroom floor on a Tuesday (I had an 8 am doctors appointment and school in the morning). My aunt found me and it was mortifying. I gave up booze without even looking back. ..Summer 2018-I got my wisdom teeth taken out and on the second or third night After the fact I had a small glass of whiskey to use as an antiseptic/pain killer. I remember the excitement of having an excuse to drink alone. I remember taking it back to my room and taking that first sip and it was euphoric. It felt so good to be alone with the liquor once again almost like having sex with your ex in that after lots of time passes you forget the bad shit and only cling to the good feelings/memories you had so the first time back is amazing. I started drinking at least 3 times a week. Maybe one good sized drink a night. I wasn't even getting drunk just buzzed. ..Fall 2018-sophomore year in college.My girlfriend at the time turned 21. I had easier access to booze than ever before. IMMEDIATELY I found myself craving alcohol daily. Any time I looked at my liquor I wanted to drink regardless of the time(I managed to control it but I had to ask my girlfriend to keep my liquor in her room so I wouldn't end up drinking before class. I had a strong but brief realization that i May have a problem. But due to many things like being in college being 19 assuming that I don't know shit because I'm 19 I kept drinking. ..In early September I was at a friends house and I got a 6 pack of bud light. Typical me I sat alone and crushed that 6 pack by myself not talking to anyone just sitting there in my own thoughts. When I drink I get angry I turn into the opposite of who I really am. I get a temper I get irritated and the drunker I get the more I self destruct (totally atypical of me and only happens when I drink). That night I blacked out after going back to my room and drinking half a bottle of rum in my room. I fell twice and got a horrible concussion. After that (from what I'm told) I punched walls went totally off the rails (going from extreme joy to deep depression rapidly) I was unstable and a fucking mess. ..After that incident I started drinking pretty much daily. I would watch videos about bourbon and whiskey all day. I couldn't wait until 5 or so to start drinking. Now I was always sipping (I love whiskey but I had no money so I couldn't afford to throw it back). I would crave it. I started to drink to stop cravings so I could do homework. I would find myself half drunk at 6 pm on a Monday. I never blacked out after the concussion incident but I sipped whiskey from 3pm to 3 am. I tried to stop multiple times it never worked. I managed to get 3 days sober down. I had one drink and after that my drinking got heavier and heavier. For the next week after that three day sobriety I was drinking straight out the bottle depressed feeling guilty about my drinking. Every time I tried to stop my drinking got heavier and heavier when I'd  relapse  (even though I made it 3 days tops)...I realized I couldn't stop on my own and I wasn't enjoying drinking. Upon realizing what was going on i hated drinking. I hated that I needed it but still i always had at least one drink in me before starting my homework. Again never getting shitfaced but constantly sipping whiskey all night long starting as early as I could. ..Currently I'm in my third week of sobriety. However I am not sure if I am an alcoholic have a drinking problem whatever you want to call it. I am worried that these problems are all in my head and that I may be wrong about it all. I really thought about going back to the bottle lately just because I am so confused about what's going on am I an alcoholic? Can I drink? Will I be able to drink normally in 30 years and Will i have embarrassing memories from when I thought I was an alcoholic? I am really struggling with understanding what's going on or what isnt going on. Either way IWNDWYT. Merry Christmas 
----------immediate responses--------

The AA method for helping to figure out if you're an alcoholic is this: if you can't control when you drink (for example you say you'll take X amount of time off but then don't can't stick to it) AND you can't control how much you have after you start (you say you'll only have one but end up having 10) then you are likely an alcoholic...That said it doesn't matter whether you are or aren't when it comes to AA. The only requirement to join AA is having a desire to stop drinking. If you have that you're in. It doesn't matter how much you used to drink or what kind of alcohol or in what manner.
Honestly I don't think the label matters. I have a sneaky suspicion that the word "alcoholic" is used by the rest of the world to distinguish problem drinkers from the rest of the world... But biologically every human is susceptible to alcohol and it's a highly addictive chemical. Reading This Naked Mind (which is a recommended text pretty much constantly here) helped me understand how alcohol works...I think you should congratulate yourself on your self-awareness. ..It helped me to switch my view from categorising myself (exactly as you I spent literally years wondering if I was alcoholic or a problem drinker or a binge drinker). In the end that pondering was completely irrelevant to the amount of alcohol I was actually consuming. The way I see myself now is just as someone who doesn't drink. ..You have noticed your behaviour when you're drunk is unhealthy and you're changing it. I think that's enough of a reason to continue on your path. 30 years doesn't really matter the next day matters. ..Looking back over the past 8 months I can say that the further I get from my last drink the greater clarity objectivity and self-awareness I have. So if you need to answer those questions maybe trust that you will find those answers in the near future...Happy Christmas!
I'd rather spend the rest of my life sober believing I'm an alcoholic than spend the rest of my life drunk believing that I'm not.  You know what I'm saying?  Merry Christmas friend take care of yourself out there.    I won't be drinking with you today.  
Someone posted on here the other day:  one doesn't have to be an alcoholic to quit drinking.  
