-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9dadv/looking_in_from_the_outsidesending_my_love_and/

Hello everyone. I am the daughter of an alcoholic who lost his life (my father) to the disease when I was 13 many years ago as well as being related to many other family members who are afflicted with addiction. I can see the addiction traits in myself and I have extreme respect and understanding that this is not a choice it's a disease. I am saddened by the stigma around alcohol and drugs because I feel so many people aren't aware of how it's not a selfish choice it's a sickness. .	I am a newly registered nurse and have had my share of experience working with patients that have addiction issues and many coupled with mental health ailments. The biggest thing I've taken away is that they aren't bad people they are people who are hurting. This was a difficult realization for me to come to because for so long I as a child was so mad at my father for losing his battle. I know better now having witnessed the true human condition that I no longer hold on to that anger..	I am currently an RN but have been babysitting two families that are afflicted with addiction since I was in high school(10+yrs). I have seen what addiction does personally and to other families. I just wanted to say that there are people out there that understand and don't judge you. I am constantly impressed and inspired by those who are struggling to become sober it's one of the hardest fights I can imagine. You might feel immense shame and worthlessness but that's not true. Every day you fight for yourself is a day to be acknowledged. I respect you and send you my support. Sending my most positive love filled thoughts Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you! For your insight for the support and care you are providing to those who may or may not realize its importance. Please keep posting if you feel so inclined - love reading something like this...My actions have taken a toll on my family as much as they have on me. So the shame of addiction to alcohol is compounded by the hurt I have caused my family. On this Christmas I hope your relationships provide you a lot more love support and comfort  than I have been able to give my family. I hope your patients are grateful for your care and service. It will be my pleasure not drinking with you today. Merry Christmas!
I just said goodbye to a friend/coworker who lost his battle with the bottle.Looking at his son (an adult)all torn up because it was the 3rd member of his family to die in the last couple of years was hard.It was hard not to be a little pissed at my friend for not being there for his son.Alcoholism is an awful disease that just keeps on taking.Thank you for your kind thoughts and wishes.Merry Christmas.
Thanks friend. Not often we hear such kind words from an (outsider is not right word). A friend is the best word I guess. Thanks it makes a difference. Peace
