-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9gshg/i_am_grateful_but_this_is_the_hardest_christmas/

I'm sober and that's a plus. I haven't been sober in years on Christmas But I feel like breaking down. This has been the hardest year of my life and it's 100% my fault. I've ruined relationships with friends. Tarnished my reputation at a job that I once considered a dream job and worked my ass off for years to achieve. I've spend so much money on booze that I don't even want to think about it. Made tons of bad decisions. As much as I want to blame others I know it's my fault. ..I see people enjoying drinks. I see it in Christmas movies and my loved ones doing the same. It makes me envy them and wish I could be responsible and handle alcohol like many others can. The simple fact is I cannot...I unwrapped presents with my SO and her parents. And I couldn't help but feel guilty and sad. These people have been so good to me and I've taken it all for granted. I do not deserve any of this...I finally hit my rock bottom and these feelings are a direct result of that. ..That being said I'm grateful for that rock bottom. It sucks knowing I had to sink this low in order for me to finally open my eyes and take sobriety seriously. But it also was necessary in order for me to finally take sobriety seriously...I've lurked on this Reddit for months. And I've attempted to get clean many times before. This time I have a sponsor I have meetings and I have a burning desire to never go down this road again. And even after the great test of Christmas and days leading up to it. I sit here sober typing this. I must continue to hold myself accountable for my actions . If I want to live a normal life and keep the wonderful people I have been blessed with I cannot drink...If I do not change. I will eventually be alone and bitter and dying. Just like my father did years ago...Anyone on here who is struggling you aren't alone. I'm grateful for every one of you...Merry Christmas. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man. I spent a xmas in Afghan too. And this is definstely a difficult one. First time being sober also. Stay strong friend. .
HI there I just found this site today. I just drank last night and trying not to drink today.  Not sure how to go about it?   Your comments are inspiring me to quit thanks for letting me know I am not alone.  Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas!
Wow thats a great analogy - I'm sorry you're feeling that way and I hope things get better soon. IWNDWYT.
Thank you for your service and grateful you are on the sober journey today with me. You are worth it and our families will be blessed with our new lives. Stay strong one day at a time. Peace today.
Merry Christmas and thank you for checking in and writing. Getting a sponsor working steps that's a fantastic option to navigate the inevitable heavy stuff that can surface once we evaluate our reality with clear sober eyes. ..Something I continue to work hard on is being compassionate towards myself. I made whole lot of hurtful decisions because I was spiraling hard on a self-destructive cycle. I also made a lot of decisions while drunk or high that I wouldn't make sober. ..I can be mindful of the past compassionate towards the person who was hurting and just trying to survive day-to-day and also live a very different life now. I can't live my entire sober life mentally  in the past  beating myself up because I will absolutely start drinking again to escape that guilt and shame. ..There's a balance which can come from step work and sponsor I also have a therapist. It's really damn tough struggle and also really normal. Best wishes on your journey and glad you checked in today. IWNDWYT 
