-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9oqsh/what_music_did_you_listen_to_when_you_first_got/

So I assume all of you remember the first few months of quitting. The depression the hopelessness the struggle. The anxiety and the clouded brain. Then the lifting of the spirit and a sense of peace after years of darkness.  ...What music did you listen to when the sun started shining on you again? I listened to a whole bunch of Machine Head Trivium and Macklemore.  ...IWNDWYTN. Stay strong my people. where ever you are in your journey.
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't listen to much music at all.  I did have sobriety podcasts playing almost continuously.  I went through the whole backlog of Take A Break and This Naked Mind and learned a ton.
I found/find myself starting to explore music again and take in new music. ..When I was drinking hard I tended to just drift back to music from my teens and typically music that made me remember the least happy parts of that time in my life. ..I was really happy to see my recent playlists start to change and add new artists and more recent albums. ..Recently I've been listening to Anderson .Paak and an album called 6666 by a group called Four Fists that came out in October featuring. a local rapper I loved in HS. ...
The song I am still listening to whenever I want a reminder of how great my sobriety makes me feel is  Freedom  by Rose Cousins.While I am sure it is written about a breakup with a person it describes my breakup with booze to a T.I do feel freedom now. IWNDWYT 
Great question! ..Sufjan Stevens. I used to listen to him when drunk too but something about his deep-seated spiritual honesty really resonates with sobriety and recovery for me...Bach. Part of this thing is recovering who I used to be before the people-pleasing and addiction took over my life and part of that was just thirsting for classical music. ..Jungle. Great running music!..Notably people I'm avoiding so far: The National Sharon Van Etten Angel Olsen. Don't feel safe enough to not want a drink around that music heh.
[I like this one](https://youtu.be/SyBXi9S1CJc) 
man I had so much trouble w music there for a second. I remember telling my therapist I was afraid I was going to have to change my music styles bc when I met my rock bottom I was a regular at a metal bar where getting fucked up was the norm you'd think blow was legal. I associated a lot of that metal/punk/rock music with being fucked.up...NOT TODAY tho I leveled up and finally feel super comfortable going to shows and jamming to stoner rock. ..That wasn't your question but uh Drakes "Gods Plan" was one of my number one played songs this year so there ya go. 
