-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9q5vh/day_one/

Hello all my husband and i have been struggling with drinking for a while and after a really horrible couple of weeks are getting sober. We said goodbye to whiskey last night. Today is day one for me. Husband is going to taper for a few days because he was drinking a lot more than me and was already having some bad symptoms this morning. I just wanted to check in say hello and get some support. I am glad we are doing this together but know we will need to work on our codependency too. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe a  couple book club  can help you both understand. .You can try reading together some books that explain alcohol. I really liked  alcohol explained  and I think is awesome for couples who are trying to quit to read together. .Congratulations on your decision.   .IWNDWYT 
I'm a newbie too! Welcome! Everyone is really nice here. 
Welcome and congratulations on finding your day 1. This sub is great - full of support encouragement and wise straight talking advice. There is also a daily check in where we can reaffirm our commitment to sober living day by day. Delighted to have you here to share this journey. I will not drink with you today.
Me and my husband are also doing this together!! It's both good and hard. Ultimately we have to do it for ourselves but in my experience we have been a huge support system to each other. So many good things coming your way !!! We will not drink with you guys.
I hear ya loud and clear I'm on a taper myself and Jan. 1 I'm going cold.  I was sober 2 years and then thought I was ok to start tasting beers again which has proved to be a dumb move on my part.  Stay strong and here's to a great 2019!
I hear ya loud and clear I'm on a taper myself and Jan. 1 I'm going cold.  I was sober 2 years and then thought I was ok to start tasting beers again which has proved to be a dumb move on my part.  Stay strong and here's to a great 2019!
