-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9r1qk/where_to_find_somewhere_i_can_relate/

Hey everyone..Just was wondering if there was any where I could find a more niche group of people to confine in for my journey to not drink. ..When I read through here and see people talk about how great their lives are without alcohol it is tough for me. I have been battling mental demons since I was 15 years old. Even 90 days sober I never once  sprung out of bed  or became  grateful to wake up on a Saturday and read a book.  Even sober I have a number of issues ranging from paranoia and being lonely. ..I feel like a lot of the people on this sub are great people with hobbies interests and intelligence and the last hurdle is to put down the bottle to live a successful life. For me I feel like quitting booze is like a 10% piece of the pie that makes up what makes me a miserable person.  I'm such a miserable person when I read stuff like  I will not drink with you today!  I just roll my eyes and think  wow that's corny.  I don't want to be like this but as of right now I am. ..I was just wondering if any one knows a place that I can talk about my issues with alcohol and not have to feel like I'm 100 steps behind the people I am discording with. I simply can't wrap my head around married people on here with careers and children that struggle with alcohol because in my mind if I thought I had the ability to have those things I would never need to drink. ..I'm truthfully sorry if I sound like a complete Debbie downer but to be real I am. If any one has any advice at all it would be greatly appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I really don't look at it as being ahead or behind anybody.  Everyone here only has today. And today we are choosing to be sober.  I'm not sure what you are looking for but I've seen every kind of past known to man regarding alcohol on this sub.  We are all looking for different things in life.  Alcohol impedes that search.  Removing alcohol from the equation doesn't make life any easier but it removes a tremendous amount of shame regret and lying so that we can move forward and deal with our other issues.  For me I'm not sure what happy is but I have found some peace and calm without alcohol.  I'm glad you checked in here.  I hope you find the support you need here.
First of all thanks for your honesty! I can relate. ..I've been off and on for an entire year now. I keep relapsing because of thoughts like yours "why bother to quit it's not like I'm suddenly magically going to have a family and friends and a job I like". Or even worse I'll think "I don't deserve any of that good stuff might as well just keep drinking"...Have you thought of a support group? (I know I know) but that's where you're going to find people to relate to. I really don't enjoy listening to the old timers "I experienced a miracle at my first meeting and the compulsion to drink was lifted". Cue eye roll and feeling like shit because why didn't that happen for me?! "I obviously don't deserve a miracle might as well drink"...Lately I've been to some beginners meetings and I've actually gotten a sponsor (she chose me really but I needed that push!) Still no miracle but listening to her tell me of how she went back out or that she still has tough days actually makes me feel better.  The beginners meetings are better for me I've stopped going to all others. These people are also at the start of their journey the advice is more practical. I'm told to use distraction techniques rather than told just to stay off the drink and I will "have a life beyond my wildest dreams". I can relate to these people...On another note I've just finished Russell Brand's book Recovery. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it. There's also a tonne of other book recommendations on here it could be a new thing for you to try...Sorry for the long reply I never really bother if I'm honest but your post really struck me. It made me realise that my thinking has changed in the past year. Again still no miracle but definitely an improvement so thank you!..
Sort by new. There's lots of people here struggling. I roll my eyes at some of the stuff here too and sometimes skip the ridiculous joyful posts in favour of the more gritty ones. I'm still waiting for the rainbow to shoot out of my ass. But life's okay. Sometimes it's good. Sometimes it's even great. Sometimes I'm the one making those joyful posts. Life's weird. 
I appreciate that you wrote this. I can relate a lot because alcohol was piece of an entire mosaic of issues that I work on. ..Many days I could think wow I've been sober for 5 months - and still be completely flat. It was a similar reaction when I reached a professional goal or a weight loss goal. All these external milestones - these life changing healthy things I accomplished for myself- could never parallel to the chemical spark that alcohol created in my brain. ..A few things that really helped me were ..1) therapy and medication. My brain wiring continued to benefit greatly from medicine and I would not be alive without it...2) recognizing that healthy sober progress looks and feels fundamentally different than drunken euphoria and remembering which of those two options I have selected for my life. ..3) reflecting on how alcohol - baffling cunning powerful- interwove itself into my life created some powerful false beliefs that I continue to navigate and must continue to be conscious of. ..My hard work continues to pay off and it's also damn challenging. Thank you again for writing and posting .
I hear you on this. I woke up sober and nauseous the other day because of course I still have chronic health problems not related to alcohol. And I've been drinking to avoid some truly horrible things going on in my life and now those are staring me in the face and not going away because I stopped drinking. Some days I find the joyful stories helpful other days I just scroll past them. Hang in there.
