-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9tkg1/marriage_or_not/

Has anyone else found stopping drinking has had a severe effect on their marriage? Went out tonight and although I told my husband I'm struggling over Christmas I basically got told I'm boring for wanting to leave early tonight. I just don't feel ready to stay out with everyone drinking until late when I have to keep saying no. It's exhausting. He just doesn't get it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Discuss when not at the party and both sober. It can work but communication is key!
Leaving a party when it becomes uncomfortable is very important in sobriety. Some folks don't get it. I've totally been a party pooper more than once. It's fine they get over it fairly quickly. It's just sometimes what they say hurts too. Don't take it to heart though you have changed for the better. And sometimes changes take time to get used to. Hang in there ..I will not drink with you today  
That's sad and a tough place to be. What's sadder is he may never get it. ..Sobriety can be a lonely road if you aren't surrounded by individuals who have a high degree of sensitivity towards alcohol(abuse). ..My marriage is still standing but only because of self reliance. My other half doesn't get it and I doubt ever will. That doesn't change what I must do and continue to do...Stay strong OP. Find solace in other places if it's not available at home.   ..
I don't go to AA but one thing I've heard that I decided to adhere to is "no major life changes in the 1st year".  It was really hard to get used to myself without alcohol and it's an adjustment for others to get used to me without alcohol too.  Sometimes peoples' reactions aren't the best but they usually get used to things and act more appropriately after awhile.  In the meantime I tried not to take things too personally and I resisted my knee jerk reaction to well overreact to whatever emotional response I was having to someone else's behavior...There's a lot to get through in the first months.  For everyone.  I'm glad I held off on making any huge life changes for awhile.  Also I want everyone to be patient with me so I try and be patient with them also.  But I stand up for myself too and I let people know (when they're sober) how I wish to be supported.  ..Best wishes!  
I'm sorry you don't have the support of your husband. This seems to be a relationship problem and a lack of intimacy. ..In my case my husband drank alcoholically. I couldn't stay with him and stay sober. 
Yep. It's really hard. My wife met fell in love and got married drunk. We both quit together. We do support each other but getting sober is one hell of a ride solo OR together. Have you tried couples therapy? It really helps with improving communication. Do you go to meetings? What is your support system?
I often take a separate car to functions where I think I might want to leave before my husband does. It used to piss him off but I think he's used to it after 24 years.  Or not lol I don't know. ..
My husband is definitely frustrated with my new lack of interest in going out / staying late. He doesn't understand why I find it overwhelming to be offered alcohol over and over. And he's accused me of just wanting to avoid social occasions...HOWEVER -- a week ago we were at a winery and the topic of my drinking came up. He shocked me by saying "I think you should continue not drinking. You've accomplished so much in the past year and I don't think you ever would have done that while drinking."..My jaw was on the floor. I've made several posts about how unsupportive I feel this man is. ..I wonder if you could have a talk about the positives of not drinking. I'm incredibly proud of my achievements of the last year and I KNOW they're all because of sobriety (working out new job down 20 pounds and more) but I didn't realize my husband felt the same way. ..I guess for him it's possible to BOTH be frustrated that I'm a party pooper AND be happy I'm not drinking.  Who invented men?!?..
