-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9uzmj/help_me_how_did_you_stop/

I am sure this question has been asked before but I would sincerely appreciate any advice. I am a functional alcoholic and struggled privately for years. My husband and kids don't know though I am going on 10 years or more of drinking at least a fifth of vodka per night. In the morning I get up make lunches do my mom-stuff and go to work like a normal person. My dad and grandads were the same way and I see no way out. So how did you stop? I can't go into rehab for days or weeks because I have kids to care for.... and a husband who needs assistance because of his physical ailments. I want to stop but know that just walking into an AA meeting will just be a ruse because I have been doing this so long. And please don't tell me God will fix it I am an Episcopal priest and have struggled to maintain my calling with my addiction. ..So how did you stop? Cold turkey or what? Thanks in advance for any ideas thoughts suggestions or experiences you may want to share. God bless and happy new year to you all... those of you who kicked this are a inspiration to me and to those like me still struggling please know you are not alone. Know that God forgives even when we can't seem to get our act together!
----------immediate responses--------

Withdrawals from a fifth of vodka a night can be dangerous or even deadly. Are you willing to speak to your doctor?
I have a therapist that specializes in anxiety and AOD (Alcohol and other drugs). Helped me decrease to the point that I stopped drinking
I asked my physician for medical management of withdrawal.  ..That made it smooth and without discomfort...I spoke to a counselor.  That was helpful and provided a protected setting for my conversation.  She recommended AA...I went to AA and found fellowship and support in a non judgmental setting...I don't know about the "ruse" to which you refer.  Can you elaborate?
I found that naltrexone can help. Definitely worth speaking to a medical professional.
I went to individual counseling and then IOP which I arranged to do during summer when my kids were at camp and I was off from work (therapist in school system) - that helped a bit but I still relapsed and then got more focused with AA and a sponsor....still relapsed....I am now on naltrexone (25 mg) which has been helping immensely- no cravings/obsessive thoughts. I still do AA and work with a sponsor. I am going to psychiatrist in January....it takes a lot of effort - not gonna lie. I have the support of my husband and young children (12 and 8)!- a HUGE help. Game changer I would say. I couldn't do it alone - that is for sure! Best of luck! I am happy to chat more if you would like! 
Hey! I am an Episcopalian :) .. People do different things. If you're drinking that much you will probably experience withdrawal.  If you have stopped heavy drinking before you might experience what many call the kindling effect.  This means that you either should taper or go see a doctor. This sub does not recommend tapering because people don't have a high success rate or people try to cut too much too fast. I tapered because my marriage was not in a good place and I did not want any medical records of my problem in case there was a separation/custody battle (but thanks to not drinking my marriage has gotten better).  Like you my husband didn't know I was a problem drinker. ..I think that the biggest thing you can do is to have a plan based on your drinking habits. For me I drank between 5 PM and 10 PM so the day after my last taper day I realized I only had to find a way to not drink for five hours a night.  For me I pretended to have the flu which was not true but I did feel like shit and I stayed in bed upstairs away from alcohol playing games on my phone and reading and writing on this sub. If I wanted to drink I would make myself wait half an hour. When half an hour came I would be proud of myself for waiting the full 30 minutes and would keep going. Eventually it was 10 PM and it was time for lights out.  I slept poorly those first few days but soon I experienced the best sleep ever. ..Making it to day 5 after my last taper sip was the turning point for me.  I felt so much better physically and mentally. My physical improvement helped me to keep going. I think it was also very helpful that I framed it as a week-long detox with a self-evaluation at the end. That made me less afraid of it being permanent. .. I would like to echo others' suggestion that you see a doctor. A lot of people are able to quit safely with medication. ..Also I want to say that you can do this. You are not your father or your grandfather.  I also have a lot of alcoholics in my family - my brother was drunk for a decade and just celebrated 7 years sober. I was able to stop before my life fell apart. .. Also I think that the fact that you are a priest means that you might have the ability to think very creatively about yourself and the problems you face once you are able to stop drinking. I bet you are in for a lot of personal growth in this journey. I know you can do it and I'm very excited for you to tackle day 1. ..You are doing a great job by reaching out for support. I will not drink with you today :) 
Oh Hun..I am sorry you are hurting so. I have been where you are at. After 10 years of sobriety I went back out. Only to prove to myself and everyone one else I was cured. I have been a highly functional alcoholic every since. However my husband does no my drinking habits and I have quit a couple of times. Just to be told it's ok for you to drink once in a while. For an everyday drinker I realized that there is no such thing as once in a while or just a bit. First I had to get sick and tired of being sick and tired. That was still not enough I had to go back into those rooms. It didn't matter. I could remember what I had. I just couldn't find it. Seeing no way out I drank for another year or so. Getting worse everyday..Finally just a few days ago I conceded to my inner most self. I can not control this thing. There is where i found hope. That tiny little seed that gives you strength when you have none of your own. I began to believe that my life could get better. All I had to do was just not to drink. I started to listen to AA women speakers nurture my soul. I found this sub and started posting. My attitude is changing very quickly and I can now see blessings in my life.  I got honest with my husband. U know this will not last for me. I need to seek my sober tribe. For me that means AA. It keep me from forgetting where I come...Yes I just quite. Not everyone can. The DTs are real and can be very dangerous especially after consuming large volumes of alcohol on a daily basis for years. Some people are able to detox on their own but reducing the amount of alcohol you drink to a few beers a day and systematically continuing to reduce the amount until they quit completely. This takes about a week as is extremely difficult. Please search the possible effects and if you feel you need it or if you find you can't do this on your own seek help. There is medication to lessen the effects. However most physicians will want you in an in-patient facility at least for a few days in case there problems arise. But talk to your doctor. Intensive Out Patient Therapy or IOP may also be a good option or you. Regardless be safe! It's better for everyone to have you gone for a few days then permanently missing from their lives!..One last thing life does get easier and you will find happiness but it doesn't happen overnight. Stay long enough to realize the changes in your life. Then keep coming back. It only gets better from here...I will not drink with you today  
Go to your doctor and be honest. That is a dangerous amount of alcohol to be consuming to go cold-turkey.
Thank you for your kind words while you are struggling. I try to plan ahead to fill up my time -the evenings are the hardest. ..I wonder if it's the work you do that makes you feel as if you're living a  ruse . I'm in the helping profession if anything this has made me more empathic even when I don't self disclose my issue with alcohol. I'm Catholic but if I happened to be a member of your congregation the fact that you as a human had struggled w alcohol would not make me less likely to seek counsel or support or to believe in your words any less. On the contrary I'd feel more free to share what was on my heart with someone who had been there. ..Please keep coming back here. This sub helps immensely. 
I contacted a therapist the first day I quit. Making that call set me on a path and the outside help kept me accountable and provided direction. My spouse has medical issues as well and I developed some codependency issues dealing with that. Mostly it was the reaching out for help. I don't think I could have done it alone.
How did I stop? I got drunk one night blacked out and woke up with blood on my sheets and with a gash above my eyebrow and drops of blood on the kitchen floor. Apparently I had hit my head somewhere somehow but had absolutely no recollection of it. Two days later I had a black eye and so much shame and humiliation at what I had done to myself.  I still don't know what happened. That was enough to scare me to quit. I had been drinking a bottle of wine (sometimes a bit more) every night of the week for about 10 years. I did quit one time for a year then on and off for a few weeks or a few months but always returned to the nightly bottle or red wine. I live alone but could have killed myself.  I quit in the middle of November relapsed for a few days and then got back on the wagon. I still want the red wine but the further away I get from it the less allure it has. Sober for 21 days. 
I decided I wanted a better life. I came to this sub multiple times a day and read...and commented....and posted.....and read some more.  ..I started going to the gym instead of the bar.  I requested a 'badge' so that I can see my days of sobriety tick up and up each day - a motivator for me...I went to a handful of meetings I stopped feeling guilty about taking care of myself. I let myself feel feelings I hadn't felt in years. I faced my fears and I did this all one day at a time some days one minute at a time. ..I became grateful for my good fortune for my health for my family.  I didn't 'quit cold turkey' I slowed down for a while but when I quit I quit - and that was 459 days ago and counting...As others said please be safe.  There is no shame in asking for help and trying to better yourself xo
I was in a very similar situation a fifth a night but only a couple years of that. Motivation for quitting was a combination of health problems fear of losing my career/friends/family/SOs (which was happening or had happened) and starting to take therapy seriously. I spent my day 1 going into withdrawals at a group meeting and it was not fun but I needed it. I avoided group for a long time but it had a huge impact and I'm glad I did it. I also do individual counseling and my doctors and supervisors help keep me accountable...Withdrawals from that much were bad. Shaking insomnia drenching night sweats irritability and anxiety were my worst. After about a week I started sleeping again and felt somewhat normal...Most days are a struggle. But now that I want to quit (as opposed to wanting to want to quit) I do whatever I have to. Activities to distract myself supportive friends or if all I can manage is stay in bed so that I don't go to the store I do that. Today is day 15 for me. Wishing you the best.
[removed]
