-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9vyrp/signs_and_omens/

 You spend your whole life waiting for signs. ..You watch the sky anxiously for flocks of birds in even numbers. You flower on full moons and take coincidences seriously. There is a feeling of some destiny unmet throughout your quiet moments even when you feel most like the person you are. When you decide to quit drinking (again and again) you look for auspicious days. Solstice New Years a birthday moments of extraordinary luck either good or bad. ..You ignore the other signs. ..Drinking in the morning. Broken capillaries... yellow eyes... cuts that won't heal... blue black egg shaped bruises but you can't remember falling. A series of severe withdrawal panic attacks. Pissing on the floor. Vomiting in the bed. Boundaries eroded morals askew. Accepting failure over and over. ..You ignore the magnitude of trouble in your life. ..Forty and mothering career unrecoverable. Unwell parents nearing death vie with tiny children needing you your body personhood and time. There is no room in the moment to feel anything so you put it off until there's a whiskey pause where you can just crawl down your own throat and cry for hours. Of course the booze makes everything worse or else abstinence and your superficial autodidact  recovery  techniques (weed running yoga avoidance) become obsessions and there is still no time to feel anything. ..Hi I'm Alpengloom. I'm a drunk trying to escape a years-long recover-relapse cycle. I wrote this for a 12 day writing challenge and thought I'd share here. ..Anyway I'm not waiting for signs anymore...Thanks for reading..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome Alpengloom.  Life without alcohol is way better than I'd though it would be.  I have no desire to go back to drinking.  Never thought I'd be saying that.  Anyway congrats on your decision to stop drinking. Check out the sidebar for some good info and badge day counters (if you like). Glad you're here. 
Beautifully written and nailed me right to my core. Thank you for sharing and we welcome you here. 
This was very poetic! I enjoyed it a lot.
Beautiful writing from a beautiful person. You don't need any signs anymore you are here. As a mother myself I can relate. IWNDWYT. Prayers for peace in the New Year. 
This was moving. Thank you for sharing. The part about the broken capillaries--ugh yes. I'm pale. Those things show up like signal flares on my skin. ..Do you mind if I ask about your writing challenge? I'm intrigued (and in need of inspiration).
