-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aa3hys/starting_again/

Hello all..I was here before and got two months and a bit. It was amazing. My life got better in every way and it wasn't that bad before. I was one of those marginal cases but giving up alcohol made my health and energy so much better that I felt like everything was about to change. I posted some euphoric messages. Then the weather got good and my sister came to visit and I decided that (blah blah blah) and I had a drink and I just slipped back into it. ..Nothing terrible has happened but my life slipped back into blah. And my fiance who does struggle more with drinking than I ever have had a bad binge over Christmas feels terrible and wants to stop. So I'm going to start again with him for both of us. We just got engaged and we want a lovely future together. So I've put in my badge reset request and I am glad to be back. We're not even going to drink for NYE which is a big deal for us. And while this is partly driven by him I want to do it again for myself. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Your relationship together thanks your conscious decision. Be the power couple y'all were meant to be. I hope 2019 brings health wealth and wisdom your way. .Congratulations stay strong and welcome back :).I Will Not Drink With You Today!!
Glad you are back.  ..My husband has never been a big drinker but we did used to have drinks together most nights (to be honest maybe a glass of wine for him and the rest of the bottle for me).  But it's funny when I stopped I noticed that now he drinks .... nothing anymore!  And that made me see how much of an influence my habits were on the person I love most.  We also get along much better now that I stopped drinking no big mystery there!..So this sounds like a beautiful thing you two are embarking on together.  What a beautiful launch to your married life. ..I gladly join you in not drinking today floppy ear!
Hi Floppy! Being two about it is a blessing. I don't know how else to put it. Your combined strenght and effort - winning team. Happy for both of you! I will not drink with either of you today! 
