-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aacn3c/amends_rediscovering_friends/

Hi everyone!..I got a call last night from a guy who was one of my best friends in high school and who is still a very dear friend. It was so good to hear from him and that he's doing well...Our drinking has followed a similar trajectory over the years. He's actually the first person who I talked with about trying to control and/or quit drinking and it was at least six years until I started talking about it with anyone else. I was still super far into denial at that point and very ashamed about it. He was so open with me about where he was at with drinking that it was easy for me to share with him that I was in a similar place. ..We both gave up on trying to quit for a while after that but we've both come back to the realization that we need to quit and we've both had periods of sobriety. It's not something that we bug each other about. He's drinking again but I've relapsed too. His path is his path and he'll figure out what he needs to do. I shared with him about where I'm at and what I'm doing and I trust that he'll figure out what's right for him. ..He's someone who I definitely owe an amends to for a couple of things. I'm not looking forward to making amends in general but I will be glad to make amends to him. I know that I did things that damaged our friendship. At the time I had my resentments but it's been a long time since then and I can see now that my behavior was hurtful to him. And he's someone who I really value. I'm so glad that he's been a part of my life and his friendship has made a big difference to me. So I am looking forward to that one at least...It's not like I'm incapable of making an apology outside of working the steps and making a formal amends but I feel like this is in the past enough that bringing it up without a clear idea of what I'm doing and why has the potential to do harm or at least not properly address the issue. ..Years ago someone who was fairly newly sober made an amends of sorts to me. (I wanna say that she was only a couple of weeks sober but it may have been a little longer. At the *max* it was a couple of months.) She called me up and basically said  By the way you probably don't know this but I screwed you over. Sorry I screwed you over. My sponsor told me to do this.  ..I cleared it up with her for real at a much later date but the whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth at the time. It was entirely about her. She did not in any way consider my feelings or try to make restitution she did not seem to be making any real changes in herself and it left me feeling a lot more uncomfortable about having her in my life. That's exactly the kind of outcome that I want to avoid. So I'm going to wait until I've worked through more of my own baggage and I have my sponsor's guidance...Another thing that I have in common with my old friend is that we were both pretty isolated as kids and when we became teenagers we learned how to connect with friends in a meaningful way and it changed our lives. That is something that drinking took from me and it is the loss that I regret the most. ..I got increasingly isolated as my drinking progressed. I talked to fewer people in a real way and less frequently until I wasn't really talking to anyone about anything. I drank alone a lot of the time but I also lived alone even with other people around. There's a line from a [Frightened Rabbit](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ns2g7sLUcoo) that describes both my childhood and my drinking to me  So many days spent in empty rooms.  I didn't know how to connect. I lost all hope that it was even possible...I feel like I'm slowly getting that back. And it feels good. I forgot that it can feel good to be around people that I can share where I'm really at and that people will listen and accept me. Intoxication was a false promise of friendship and good feelings and in reality it took those things away from me. I still feel awkward about it and I still don't trust it completely but I'm learning how to have friends again and how to be a friend and I'm grateful for that...Anyway I hope that you all are well. Wishing you friendship and joy and connection in your own lives..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Hi dear ginger! I can relate so much to your post. Thank you for sharing. I also was wrapped up in a deep isolation in the end. It was horrible I never thought I was able to get free from it again. Very slowly I am also putting my feet backing to the world and at times wonderful things happen connecting to others myself and the outside world. Real connection not a false one. I am so grateful. Still work in proces over here but hey at least we are moving forward. I am proud of you and I will not drink with you tonight. 
First I have found much of Frightened Rabbit's music a source of comfort and reflection even with Scott's death.  I play the Modern Leper and Death Dream over and over again.  When I drank I drank alone and isolated myself from others.  I would have to have a drink in the evening before I could engage with others my anxiety was so mad.  I have found reconnecting with old friends to be a source of comfort to me.  I have one friend who has been sober for 15 years.  He has become my  long distance  sponsor.  Two others I have known since childhood.  Good luck with your steps and keep listening to Frightened Rabbit...I won't drink with you today.
How awesome you were able to reconnect like that! What an amazing opportunity to bring another quality person into your tribe  ..Also that sounds like a super underwhelming amends that you received. I'm sorry you had to experience it and couldn't really process it as intended. ..
