-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aacx8d/really_struggling/

I tried cutting back on drinking these past few months and had a couple successful days where I held off on drinking but now I'm back to every day drinking and doubled down now I black out twice a day and getting close to 2 6 packs on a daily basis. ..The thought of sitting in my room sober scares me. I feel as if I need alcohol to enjoy anything. I think this is out of my control now I can't stop as much as I know I need to. If I go cold Turkey I'm afraid of acute withdrawals that could cause seizures in my case. I talked to a doctor before and he didn't really care
----------immediate responses--------

Good decision on your part to ask your doctor for help but I think a second opinion is in order from a different doctor.  If you are concerned about withdrawl and you were open with your doctor about your drinking patterns "I dont really care" doesnt sound like good medical advice.  
I spend a lot of time alone in my room as well and it's a huge trigger for me. I'm looking into finding groups even if they aren't sobriety related just to get out of the house at night...You've gotten a few days under your belt recently and that means you can do it again. You haven't failed until you stop trying. ..As for your doctor: I would seek a second opinion...I believe in you and IWNDWYT! 
If you drink no more than one drink an hour for one day the next day if you quit cold turkey you will not have the withdrawal problem. 
I know what you mean about the 'sitting in my room sober scares me' thing.  When I decided to quit 8 months ago it scared me to.  After about a week being sober my fear changed to literal mourning the loss of my friend (alcohol).  I posted what I was feeling on this site and people chimed in telling me that they experienced the same thing.  Its all a process but I'm here to tell you that I was hitting the bottle hard for about 15-years and now I'm 8-months sober and its not a challenge anymore.  The book 'This Naked Mind' really helped me along with this site.  The first week month and few months are tough.  You've got to ride it out.  Use this site to post your struggles.  These folks will help you out.  Good luck
[removed]
You blacked out twice PER DAY?  *that* is some time traveling!  
