-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aainw9/a_huge_thank_you_to_all_my_friends_here/

I have been a part of Reddit Stop Drinking and many other subs now for almost 3 months. I try to help where I can and encourage all as best I can. Over the last week or two I have posted very little. This is due to a number of reasons. I have not been well. I have sleep problems.  I have to have a check up for other health problems. I will talk more about this later when I know more and when I am ready. I am struggling with other addictions that are realy bad. This all adds to my depression and I just isolate myself. ..Please be assured I am OK. Well as in I am getting by each day...My main reason to post is as tittle says a huge thank you. I have found some here who have posted that they miss me being around. This means more than words can tell you all. From the depths of my heart I thank each one. I love you all and hope to be here for a long time. To share in hopes and victories as well as battles and struggles.  I was not going to ramble this long. If you have read this far it means you care. For that I thank you...Just for today I will be sober with you.  Your Friend John.     
----------immediate responses--------

Love and light being sent to you and I also wdwyt! 
Good luck getting past this difficult period. Thanks for posting. 
So *here* you are John!! ..I was wondering where the hell you've been!..Your kind words of support are always welcome and appreciated...I'm sorry you're going through this rough time; but as you're there for us we're here for you ;)...Chin up...this to shall pass...you know what you're doing and  what needs to be done my friend.
Morning John! Delighted you feel up to posting this morning  . You take good care and chat soon my friend. In the meantime let's not drink together today.
Hey John!..I have noticed you not being around - your posts are always bright and full of inspiration :)..Look after yourself I hope this difficult period passes soon. :)..IWNDWYT.
