-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aal1zp/a_question_for_those_who_struggled_in_the/

Is there anything that was said to you or that you wish someone said to you that would have helped during that difficult time?
----------immediate responses--------

I wish I would have gotten real world support years ago when I first started trying to quit. Having a sponsor this time around was key in helping me quit. I can call her any time I am having a craving and I can share all of the weird nonsense happening in my brain. Also this too shall pass. Every time I go through a rough patch I feel like it is going to last FOREVER but it always passes. 
"He who conquers himself is the greatest warrior."
I had to get through the tough days to get to the easy days.  It's not white-knuckling it for the rest of my life.  When I made it through the difficult early days it got progressively easier.  Now most days are not a struggle. 
I heard most of what I needed to through AA and my counselor. For me the top 2 things in the first 30 days were its OK to sleep whenever and as much as you need to and that a day without drinking is a productive day....nothing else need be accomplished.
There is no problem that alchohol can't make worse. 
Just do the next right thing.  Sometimes we worry too much about tackling all aspects of our drinking. All we have to do is do the next right thing and that can be as small as not going to the fridge or going for a walk. Somebody also said put as much effort into sobriety as you did into drinking which is so true. I suffered hangovers and exhaustion and stress and a trail of destruction when I drank so being sober can't be that bad even if it's tough. Finally somebody said when you are going through hell ... keep going. This is so true nothing that is worthwhile is easy !! Iwndwyt I have a million more of these platitudes but they all really help me!  Iwndwyt .Ps instagram is amazing for little thoughts each day some are bs but others really help!!
You deserve to be happy and healthy.  You are worth fighting for.
Time and patience are great warriors on our behalf 
I'm on Day 3 (again.)..I wrote a [poem](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aacqpt/al_a_poem_by_rachie_lion/?st=JQ9J5G6Q&amp;sh=c10131e6) yesterday. Maybe you'll get something out of it.
This quote read here on SD helped me in my early sober days: "The decision to start drinking again is always a sober one".
The entire book *This Naked Mind*...Drinking is like taking a loan on happiness that has to be paid back with interest.
Make sure to eat well and (plenty). Lots of healthy drinks are essential too.
Learning about brain chemistry and the physiology behind addiction really helped me through early recovery. For every day we don't drink our brains take one step forward in replenishing the valuable  feel-good  neurotransmitters that alcohol had once replaced. This is an uncomfortable process that takes time and patience...but is well worth it in the end. 
"I'm proud of you"..My wife said that to me when I told her I was quitting. I would not be able to feel pride for the longest time but to have someone there for me was something invaluable.
If you're walking through Hell keep walking. ..It does get better. Stay strong. 
Do whatever you need except drink alcohol! .
