-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aal7ct/thoughts_on_nonalcoholic_beer/

My wife bought me some non-alcoholic beer for the New Year's Eve party her family is throwing. She made sure that it's actually 0.0% abv not 0.5% like some  non-alcoholic  beers are...One one hand I'm a bit nervous that it might trigger something. On the other hand I'm struggling right now and it would be nice to have something besides soda to drink when her whole family is partying. ..Does anyone else have experience with this? Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! There was a discussion about this recently. Here's a quote of my own comment to it:..&gt;Thank goodness for NA beers! That's how I feel about them. I prefer having something other than just water in situations where drinking is involved because *a)* it makes me feel less like I'm missing out on something and *b)* if I'm in an environment where others don't know what I've ordered they'll just assume the beer in me glass is "the real thing" (=nobody will even know I'm not drinking)...&gt;Of course we're all different and I realize some people might find just the taste of beer triggering. For me that's never been the case. Also if possible I try to stick to NA beers with max 0.1% of alcohol. There are plenty of them!
I've been trying a few 0.0% ones I won't touch the 0.5% stuff...It hasn't caused any cravings for me and sometimes I make them into a NA shandy...It's helped me fit in when there's been a party atmosphere no one can tell if you pour it into a pint pot. ..Good luck! 
Hey DG. You'll find different opinions here but it's personal.  I didn't drink NA beer early on. I just cold turkey white knuckled it through.  But now I enjoy  them as a way to participate in drinking situations. A bit of a placebo effect. In a cold glass it also avoids those pesky questions. You are early on so if you think it will trigger you you might avoid it.   
I reserve them for tricky situations like a Christmas party etc. sometimes it's easier than making a scene at a bar etc.  However I don't really want to get too close to beer again so I try and avoid it. To be honest unlike beer there are only some many you can drink. As time has gone by I tend not to bother I'm more confident and happy just to drink cola
I never drank beer for the taste.  For me there are a large number of other beverages that are much tastier and don't carry the risk of tasting like a bad habit.  
I used to work in the beer business so no longer having access to that dizzying array of choices felt kind of crushing to me.  I kept telling myself I didn't miss the buzz I missed the whole experience. ..I experimented with a few NA beers and found that: 1) The taste was OK...but I was a die-hard beer snob so YMMV. 2) Turns out drinking *was* mostly about the buzz for me. Without it it was just another fizzy drink in a glass. I didn't feel the need or desire to drink more than one (and most of the ones I tried were .5 ABV). And they were pretty pricey. So I went back to my LaCroix. ..We still keep some in the house. There's something about taco night that just calls for a cold NA Pilsner. But if we ran out I wouldn't be crushed or anything. ..This is just my 2 cents. I know people who won't drink kombucha because they don't want to risk waking the demon. It makes sense. But it's probably something only you can answer. We all have different triggers. ..Best of luck. And whatever's in your glass I hope you have a happy new year! This is my first sober one too. So I'll be thinking of all of you as I clink with my  bubbly.  IWNDWYT!
One other thing...whatever you decide be prepared for FOMO on NYE. I remember my first night out with friends after I stopped drinking. It was tough but I came out of it feeling proud. That was worth more than any high. Corny I know. But the difference is pride lasts.
It's disgusting and a total waste of calories.  I never drank for the taste like most alcoholics I've met I drank to get fucked up.
I don't snort baking soda for the same reason I don't drink non alcoholic beers.
I drink them occasionally in social situations.  I also drink sparking grape juice.  I feel a little more fancy I guess.  
I just had my first one after quitting a couple days ago. .Sitting at a bar waiting for some food to-go. SO orders a beer while we wait he's one of those lucky people who can drink responsibly bartender asks what I want. "I don't suppose you have any non alcoholic beer?" "Actually we do."..I got one. The first few sips I was liking it and then I think the demon within realized he was being duped. About halfway through I felt entirely neutral to it. But I didn't feel left out without a drink. And I think it may have weirdly confirmed with me that I didn't need alcohol. Like it was a weird association of 'beer' with a feeling of absolute disinterest. Which I thing is a good combination of feelings for me to develop. 
I've only had 0.5% abv. In fact I didn't know 0.0% abv was a thing. ..Anyway in my case Brain considers N/A beer just too close to the real deal. Same cost same taste (well sort of) same calories no buzz. So Brain thinks "I may as well drink the real deal" and then I'm off to the races...That's why I avoid it now. I feel the same about sparkling grape juice.
I like beer and don't need the alcohol so I drink them. Very handy to use in a bar situation. Im a musician so I only go to bars when I play a gig or go to a show.
Fk that we don't need that shit that's not why we drank alcohol..Fight the good fight..IWNDWYT
I like them and one or two help me get through the witching hours when I'm really feeling deprived - not sure if this is  right  or  wrong  but I'm sobering on so who cares  
I like them.  It allows me to feel a bit less like an outsider in social situations.  And having a cold beer after doing yard work etc. was a part of drinking that I really missed. Having a near beer does the trick and makes my sobriety easier.  Whatever it takes! 
This question gets asked a lot and many people here don't like it. However NA beer has really helped me stay sober. My husband and I just returned from our first sober holiday. There was so much free time where once we would have sat in bars on a pub crawl. It was difficult. We ended up taking two NA beers to a nice busy spot and drinking them people watching and relaxing just as if we were sitting in a bar. It worked. Many people would say we shouldn't be replicating the drinking habit but the fact is it could have been soft drink instead. I just prefer NA beer because it has no sugar. Each to their own I guess. Good luck with whatever you decide :)
I tried the whole NA beer thing a year ago.  I'd much rather pay less money and have a soda.  The only way you can truly put your alcoholism in the past is to put things that remind you of alcohol in the past...
