-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aarhlt/845_days_sober_and_lost/

I stopped drinking 28 months ago and I'm here because I need to be. I'm still struggling like crazy. ..I find it a problem that I know how many days it's been. I struggle with the idea that I'm still tempted after so long. I know how ugly it was many times. ..But I miss my friends. I miss the loud parties and the easy outgoing lifestyle it gave me. I don't have that anymore. I feel like I gave up everything when I gave up drinking. And I did. ..I'm in a huge fight with my SO and a lot of it has to do with drinking. I used alcohol to cope; it got me through the toughest of times. I can't help but think that when I used to drink we were so much happier. We've been together over 10 years. And we were happier if you had a window to my life you would see that. (She also stopped drinking about the same time)..I'm in my 30s and am a very outgoing individual.  I created new hobbies ones that I'm deeply in love with and I wouldn't trade them for a drink if I could. But I long for a day that passed 846 days ago. I really really miss being happy. ..It's supposed to be the other way around isn't it? I read about it on here all the time; people quit drinking and find their life again. They're grateful to rediscover their kids their jobs their lives. I am the opposite. I lost everyone and everything I once knew. ..Anyone who is long into sobriety  can you help? Does it get better and how? When? 
----------immediate responses--------

I understand you miss that carefree type feeling you get when you're drinking. It comes with a lot of crappy stuff unfortunately. Also it's not reality. I have had good luck getting more involved with my family and enjoying more focus at work and at play. If you drink you regret it's a guarantee. 5 years sober dude. Life is good.
You've got a fresh start. Dont despair now it does not get better it gets as it is. And you know that. .If you get to drink again ypu can relapse and get into even more of despair but if you dont neither you or i know what is it that is but isn't that why you've stoped?
When I went back after two years I picked up where I left off. Before you know it I was binge drinking again. Play the tape back why did you quit in the first place?
I was surprised to learn there was a whole lot more to getting well than simply not drinking. Seeing a therapist learning about alcoholism so I came to understand and accept mine seeing a psychiatrist rehab outpatient treatment AA and working the steps gave me the happy life I have today. ..Yes it gets better but I needed lots of help as you can see. I had no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own. ..Reading *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam had a profound impact on my understanding and acceptance. ..The only people I "lost" were those who were abusing alcohol and drugs. They were drinking buddies and not real friends. Real friends stuck by me and we did things together that didn't involve getting smashed. I volunteered in the community joined a gym and took square dance lessons. I had to step out of my comfort zone. ..&gt; If I want something I've never had;.&gt; .&gt; I have to do some things I've never done. 
How is 11 years clean and I can tell you in the last three years I have been drinking heavy not one of those times was worth it. The best times drinking are not as good as the worst days I had sober. Because at least when I was clean I didn't need or want alcohol. It didn't control my thoughts. ..You've got some good clean time under your belt and there's no good that will come from drinking or partying. It's easy to remember all the good things and forget all the bad but try thinking of all of the shity feelings and all the reasons you wanted to quit in the first place.
In the treatment program I'm in we're taught that if we're addicted to alcohol we can be addicted to anything. Because the difference between us and the "normies" is that we are dysfunctional in a way that needs to be actually worked on in order to ever be comfortable again. ..Alcohol is a pain killer. Take the pain killer away you have pain. Do the exercises to make the pain go away. See a therapist. Enter a program. Go to meetings. Do the work. ..Or at least... that's what they say in the program. Man though. It's some heeeeeavy lifting. 
Sobriety is not all of recovery it's just the most important piece to hold on to. ..Perhaps tough times with the old lady were to come whether drinking or not? It's natural to want to go back to old ways of coping in those situations but I like to play the tape forward when I get there and think about how much it would suck to have to start back over...One of the things I had to work through early on in my numerous tries at sobriety was thinking everything was going to be happy and perfect. I'm still human I'm still going to have bad days and there's still going to be things that work me up that I have no control over. ..Now that I've babbled out my thoughts I just want to let you know I wish you the best with your sobriety and your happiness. ....
Sorry to hear you feel this way. The drinking life is there for you anytime. You can go back to it. As someone said it does come with a lot of shite that you will have to deal with. On top of a hangover. It sounds like you're lonely and need some like minded people in recovery. Do you go to recovery meetings? Maybe try meet up groups connected to your hobbies. 
Isolation is real and friends are important...When I read your comments the need for friendship resonates with me even at my stage of sobriety.  It was what lead me personally to AA even after all these years and I'm now making sober friends through AA.  Slowly but surely.  It takes consistency and effort but I've been attending now for a coupleof weeks and I can feel the isolation receding...I think happiness is more than hobbies for most of us.  It is friendship and relationships and working on our personal growth.  I really encourage you to give AA a try.  It takes time though to find your new tribe you have to reliably show up so relationships can develop over time.
