-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aarm5l/struggling_and_needing_relief/

Here I am only at the end of day 4 and I feel like ripping my hair out. Drinking was how I finished my day. It was my bridge to tomorrow.  I know a good night sleep should be that bridge but it wasn't for me. Life is filled with tragic sadness right now and I'm trying to use exercise games reading etc. to help me make it through all the rough times but it just isn't cutting it. My wife is so sick she can hardly stand for 2 minutes at a time and with her myriad of horrific health issues and 9/10 pain all hours of the day I'm a constant supporter. I'm a caretaker. Many times moments I have to just relax and be relieved are interrupted by awful episodes of illness. Late at night after she went to sleep used to be my time to forget about all of it and just exist. So I would drink and feel calm and ok for awhile. I'm really struggling with finding a way to end the day without feeling hopeless and knowing tomorrow will come bringing more pain and the one thing that brought me much relief is gone now. I know that thing also brought me so much pain but in these moments it's hard to see anything but the moments of relief it brought. I know my life will continue to be this way and that her health will continue to decline in all reality and that there isnt much hope for much better. But maybe I'm wrong. I could be wrong and everything could turn around. Doctors don't seem to think so. So how do you stay committed to not drinking when the things that make you want to drink are only going to get more painful and tragic? I'm not going to drink tonight. I'm just feeling frustrated and hopeless. I don't see my wife as a burden by the way. I love the hell out of her and need her so watching her fade away and life being this way is that much harder. It's just an impossible situation. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry about what you and your wife are going through...All I can say is that sobriety brings me peace and strength.  I too used alcohol to cope with pain.  But it wasn't sustainable.  And it of course brought its own pain...It didn't seem like it at first but not drinking made me stronger.  There's a peace inside that helps me get through troubled times...I'm sending thoughts of peace and strength and healing your way.  IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry. I hope your wife improves. She is lucky to have you. Seeing a doctor helped me. There are medications to ease withdrawal/detox and Antabuse has been great for me to keep me sober. Maybe they can refer you to counselling services as well. The saying is true - there's no problem that alcohol can't make worse. Keep checking in here for support. And be kind to yourself. 
So one thing my counselor told me is that we habitually drink. She recommended that I have a fizzy non-alcoholic drink at the time when I would normally drink alcohol. So I have been drinking diet soda around the clock. Probably 5-6 of them a day. It might not be very healthy and it might just be another addiction I need to kick later but man. It is so much better than drinking. I feel like I'm winning whether this helps or not I don't know. But I don't feel like drinking alcohol at all!
Little update: going to sleep and I did not drink today! Up super late because I watched Bird Box on Netflix. Man. Found one thing scarier than alcoholism and it's the creatures in that movie! Anyway victory for day 4! 
