-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aav5zl/recovery/

130 days in this time around. I hope I can have the strength to never go back to the horrors of my active addiction I'll take it one day at a time. I went to a meeting this morning. A fellow celebrated his 5 years sober he was accompanied by his dad who celebrated his 35 years sober. It touched my heart. A lot of stories over here at SD also touch my heart. I can't do this on my own. I'm grateful for every brave person that is willing to share their struggles and victories. Tomorrow I say goodbye to 2018 together with all of you. It was a rough year for me as it was for many others but I'm so grateful to end this year with a mind that gets more clear and calm every day. I wish those who are still struggling in the dark light and warmth. May 2019 start sober for us and may it bring hope life support and love. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 130. I have a feeling 2019 is going to be amazing!    .    .IWNDWYT
Congrats Cato! Someone said..."We may not know what the future holds but we know who holds the future." I am grateful today to know that I have a choice. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Congratulations on Your Sober Progress!..Wishing you a GREAT 2019 !
Hiya Cato. Congratulations on 130 days. I'm very excited about going into 2019 sober with you. Great times are ahead friend. IWNDWYT. Katherine  
Huge congratulations again Cato on that terrific number     . It is sort of scarey exciting going sober into a whole new year isn't it? Together we all can do it one day at a time my friend.
Happy New Year dear Cato         .  
It couldn't be a better end/beginning. Happy for you Cato 130 is awesome! Happy new year    
Congrats. That is a great accomplishment. 
IWNDWYT
I just saw this I've had a busy couple of days. Happy New Year SilverCato I hope that this year gives back to you all the kindness hope and love that you give out to the world.  
