-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aax6q3/an_old_friend_will_likely_die_soon/

I grew up in a drinking town. I grew up in a culture where drinking was cool and we all started drinking in our tween/early teens - that's what kids did unless they were dorks or nerds (my god I don't think like this now but that was the mentality back then).  And so I drank. And I drank and I fit in. And I was cool...I still have a lot of friends from those days - from when I was in kindergarten and highschool. I live thousands of miles away now but still remain close to a handful of old friends.  One of my friends is in a bad way.  He (and I) always drank a lot. We always drank. He still drinks and ost his job lost his wife (who I am still close with). Doesn't see his kids because he always blows them off. His own family does not speak to him any more after years of attempts to help.  He has been in and out of rehab more times than I know about.  I remember him as a kind funny generous hardworking man.  He is none of those things now. ..He lives in squalor. He is not the same person we knew for the last 40 years.  He is gone....but he is also still here and that is what I am struggling with.  Do I really just look the other way and completely give up and say "oh well not my problem".  The last few conversations I had with him were all lies.  He says he is fine but he is going to be dead soon if the alcohol or another accident doesn't kill him I honestly will not be surprised if he puts a bullet in his head...I may tap into some Alanon resources to help process my own guilt of how I feel I didn't help enough - even though rationally I know. Know in my head that I have done all I can do and that we only quit because we want to and yet my heart keeps telling me otherwise like some fairytale movie that he can be saved.  I listen to stories of my good friend telling me how her kids are suffering through this and it just breaks my heart.  ..What makes some of us wake up and come to this sub and keep going to meetings? What gives some of us the strength and the will to change?  Why are we different? Are we different or are we just lucky? I am so confused right now even with my own struggles of sobriety I am happy in my life right now and feel guilty for being happy and healthy. Which is wrong I know.  ..Thanks for listening - just writing it all out helps. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes alanon...This is tragic- and not unusual- which is even more tragic.
Sorry to hear about your friend...You're a very caring person...I understand the feelings of helplessness as I watch another person slowly ever so slowly drowning...  being sucked under like molasses quicksand...I watched my brother.  He had everything going for him except alcohol...He shot himself...All I can do is be caring.  Absent judgments.  Just give love.  I can talk about my struggles and what I did.  Ian offer to take him to a meeting and sit in support with him...If he won't take the lifeline...  if he refuses the figurative lifesaver...  all I can do is be caring and kind...And then I gave the eulogy...It's a tragedy.
Watching my best friend consistently HATE her husband for drinking actually helped me get sober. I didn't want my husband to hate me the same way my BFF hates her husband. This was a factor but there were many other things that helped me realize I needed to be sober 
Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing. My brother is in a bad way like your friend. And I worry about him like you do your friend. I am not completely sober myself still struggle a couple times a month. But my brother is deep in that dark hole and I don't know why some of us keep going to meetings and search for answers and others say they are fine and don't need help. I pray that I can stay sober for good this time. And I pray that my brother will open his eyes and admit being powerless. I knkw religion isn't everyone's cup of tea but for me praying at least helps me feel better. 
