-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ab57xr/relapse_feels_imminent/

I'm scared I won't be able to do it I won't be able to say no when the time comes. I keep getting what I can only describe as memory imprints but it's like flashes of how I felt while drunk or on drugs but in a favorable light. What brought me to write this tonight was I just had a flashback to a sunny summer day I'm driving around all coked out listening to music smoking cigarettes and just having the time of my life and I *miss* that feeling so much suddenly. ..In these moments I feel like I won't be able to say no when the time inevitably comes that I'm faced with drinking or drugs again. I've been living in a fragile bubble since I started my sobriety that's made it easier to stay sober. I don't have friends around here I don't have a job anymore there's no alcohol in the house I don't leave the house without family. ..And I keep having these dreams these hyper realistic vivid dreams. I'm usually at a bar one of the ones I've worked at but I'm a customer and some of my regulars or friends are all pushing me to drink. One of the dreams I was sitting next to myself and  bad me  was telling me who was struggling not to drink that I was going to fail anyway and I should just give up now I'm never going to be strong enough to stay sober and I'm going to let everyone down anyway might as well start now. And all kinds of stuff like that. And I know they're just dreams but they feel so real that sometimes I second guess if I actually got drunk or not and also they're just really discouraging. Especially when I'm sitting there telling myself I'm going to fail like deep down I know it's not going to stick. ..I don't know I just needed to vent I guess. I don't really have many people close to me who struggle so hard with sobriety I don't really know who else to talk to. Thanks for always listening and being supportive guys.  
----------immediate responses--------

You need to get your ass to a meeting. It will help you to be around other sober addicts/alcoholics. Also try to remember what it feels like after the high. The guilt the shame the anxiety. Stay strong you're not alone.
Hello there. You're doing great on 51 days. That's awesome. You're not alone friend. Please stick with sobriety. IWNDWYT Katherine  
If you relapse you'll have to start at square one again (that is if you survive it). It's not a fun place to be.  .Think back to that first week. It sounds like you are having a bit of a tough time now. Do you really want to compound it with the agony that alcohol truly causes?  .I've been in the place you are in many times and never was I once glad to have relapsed.  .So is there something that you can change to get out of your head? A new routine like exercise or a hobby that you're passionate about?  .SMART Recovery and AA both have online meetings. I've found the tools at SMART to be especially helpful and you can download all of the worksheets for free. I especially like the Cost-Benefit Analysis (pros and cons of using vs. not using) and the Hierarchy of Values. It really helps to put the addiction mindset into perspective. Look at the bigger picture and decide what is really important for you and what you would be sacrificing by choosing to drink.  .I'm glad that you posted here. I think it means that you don't really want to sacrifice your sobriety. Those thoughts and fantasies are to be expected but they are also a warning signal to take action. Take care. 
Just going by my own experience both the dreams and the flashbacks are a normal part of the process...I don't dwell too much on dreams because I still have an occasional kitchen panic dream despite not having worked in a restaurant for over twenty years. I had a dream in which I drank just a couple of days ago and they've been happening ever since I quit. It sure is nice to wake up and realize that everything's okay. I think you'll find that drunk dreams are a fairly common thing for most of us here...I had the sorts of memories you describe right around the same number of sober days as you so I guess you're right on schedule. :-) They didn't kick off serious cravings; they were just random flashes from the past. I just let them happen and went on about my business and they stopped coming up. ..The dreams and memories didn't mean I'd failed or that I was going to drink again-- I just saw them as part of my brain settling down. That settling process continues for quite some time but they gradually became less dramatic and troublesome. The flashback-style memories stopped happening for me at about three months so at least you have something to look forward to. ..&amp;#x200B;
These are all tricks of the brain who desperately wants alcohol.  For me the fun times are gone and have been gone a long fkn time.  My husband and I were talking yesterday about how much fun it used to be when we were young and healthy but now it just makes me sick (makes him sick too- he quit 14 years ago) and I can't pretend anymore that it's fun.  It's not fun when I have to switch up places I buy or try and put myself together when I buy so I don't look like a total dirtbag.  It's not fun when I have to struggle to remember what I said or did the night before and it's not fun when I remember.  It's not fun wasting half of my day nursing a hangover only to do it all over again as soon as the hangover starts to recede.  It's not fun wasting money we don't have.  It's not fun when I'm either too drunk or too hungover to keep up with my responsibilities.  It's not fun when I can't keep a job because alcohol makes me more depressed than I already am and everything gets to me way more than it should.  It's not fun sweating out the alcohol in bed the constant nightmares and lack of quality sleep are not fun either...What *is* fun is thinking about a life without alcohol- a life I have no idea how amazing it's going to be because I've never experienced it but based on how I've been feeling these last 19 days I'm optimistic.  IWNDWYT friend.  
I have those thoughts too where drinking suddenly feels inevitable.  But then I remind myself that I have to choose to drink.  It won't just happen like in a dream.  And if that logic isn't working I make it a game.  What is the high score for avoiding the inevitable?  I am going to beat that.  That bottle of Jack better have legs if it is going to catch me.  And then the mood passes and life goes on.
