-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ab7c0r/its_now_or_never_i_need_your_help/

Hey Everybody.   .I'm a long time lurker and occasional poster on days i have a motivation spike.  ...The time has finally arrived If i don't prove to myself i can change now then i fear i'll never be strong enough.  .I'm 22 and turning 23 this coming year. I'm far too young to feel this old. I want future i enjoy not one blinded by an alcoholic stupor. I've spent this afternoon writing a journal entry of my feelings and a list on things i believe i truly want to do to be a better person.  .One of which is I want to Post here everyday for accountability i can't do this alone and right now this platform is my only go to crutch.  ...My question is to you guys struggling to quit or even those who are on the path already. If i post everyday with a small update will you come with me on this journey and just pop in and say Hi when you can.  ...Best wishes everybody happy and a prosperous new year to all..G
----------immediate responses--------

A day at a time !
You have to do the work. You have to want it and put in the effort. That is not something we can do for you. It is not always easy but it is always worth it. Anytime you post here there will be people just like you to talk to. ..Something that will help is fill your day with things to do. Keep occupied.
Hey G ..Post all you like - we are with you.
Hiya. Welcome to SD. We're a super supportive sub.. your posts will be a valuable addition to our community. IWNDWYT  
It would be great to hear from you so please post all you want! IWNDWYT 
Absolutely G! So happy to welcome you to our sober little band of 145000 people  
Hi G! .Thanks for being you. We need you. I get strength knowing that you are so aware at such a young age. It sounds like you have tapped in to the path of self respect   that is so much more rewarding then the self loathing dead end.  I wish you all the best and look forward to your postings.  
IWNDWYT
Welcome you can do it!
