-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abejvg/proper_respect_for_alcohol/

I wouldn't say that I currently have a problem with alcohol. However I can easily see myself having a problem with alcohol in the future. I think that this is mostly due to the fact that I have never considered alcohol for what it is and given it the proper respect as a dangerous substance. I've been treating it like a toy or party trick. ..Reading stories from people who have struggled with alcohol has changed my views of it entirely. I just wanted to thank you all who have been brave enough to share stories of your lowest points. It has stopped me on the path I didn't even know I was on. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's amazing the things we don't know or care to learn about alcohol. I know more now about alcohol and addiction in recovery than I ever did in active addiction. You'd think we would care more about what we put in our body or the progression of addiction or alcohol related health issues. Wonderful you're paying attention now before you get too far down the wrong path!! 
Great move stopping now.  Had I stopped when I first sensed a problem I would have saved myself unbelievable pain.  Good luck friend! IWNDWYT 
The ability to learn from the mistakes of others is a sign of very high intelligence. 
I am so glad to read this. Had I stopped when I first realised it was a problem I wouldn't have looked like such a jerk at times or hurt other people's feelings. Or be over weight. Good for you my friend. You made an extremely good choice
If you haven't already check out the book "Alcohol Explained" by William Porter I am sure there are other books but it explains how repeated use can often lead to unwanted results.
Alcohol is a shitty drug.  That makes you stink ages your skin and other organs and has the potential to lower your cognitive function to the point of making really bad decisions and poor motor control...&amp;#x200B;..It's also quite addictive.  And fattening.
