-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abi967/the_worst_is_over_and_the_best_is_yet_to_comea/

Wise words from my sponsor Jack many years ago words I never forgot. This is just a small note of encouragement to everyone who is embarking on a New Year and New Life sober and free from addiction. I can't tell you how much you all help me. Your actions your energy and efforts to make yourselves better every day. Some fail some succeed but we all strive for better trying to get better and do something with our lives no matter the circumstances. ..The one thing I can promise you if you stick with it if you really try to do everything in your power is it gets better. Yes you will struggle yes you will be challenged yes it is going to hurt. We have spent too many years running from those feelings and it's a lot of work to confront them and deal with them head on but it is possible! If you really want it if you are prepared to go to any lengths to get it if you want to be honest if you want better for yourself the answers will come you just need to invest in yourself and risk a little...My message to you all is this: you are loved you are cared about people want you to succeed sobriety is achievable you just need to put the time in to find it. I only have to look at all the people celebrating their anniversaries from this time last year and it creates hope that they are winning and you can too!! Reach out to these people ask them how they did it immerse yourself into whatever you need to do in order to succeed and you will succeed I promise...My best wishes to you all with all the love and support and kindness I can send your way. Please keep coming back we need you for our own recovery as much as you need us. ..Here's to the best days of your life: sober clean focused happy joyful successful and healthy...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this beautiful post! It gives me so much joy and hope this New Year's Day. Peace to you in 2019 and IWNDWYT 
I really enjoyed reading this. I often reflect on my sobriety experience and so much of what you say has been true. Thank you for giving me hope that even after 10 months it's going to keep getting even better and that it's worth it. ..IWNDWYT 
Wise words! Thank you and have a happy new year. 
Thank you for this every word resonates with me. ..May the new year shine bright for you!
IWNDWYT
