-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abj1do/i_posted_this_to_my_fb_yesterday_thought_it_might/

2018 has been a pretty amazing year for me on a personal level for some unexpected reasons...If you'd told me at the start of the year that I'd be going into New Year's Eve with no desire to get on it I'd have assumed it was because of illness. If you'd then told me I'd be sitting at 236 days since my last tipple I'd have assumed you were mad...But here we are. I'm officially debt-free for the first time in God know's how long I'm in the best physical shape of my life I've managed to get on top of my mental wellbeing in a way that I never guessed was possible. My career is going great plus I have several amazing new threads to follow in 2019 and beyond with the Getahead - Behind The Curtain podcast and some other bits TBC...I don't want this to sound like a boast post although reading back it might look a bit like that...It's more "if I can do it so can you."..Anyone who spent any time with me in the last couple of decades will know how much I partied and how central that was to my life my identity even. Not everyone needs to quit the way I have but some do and those who do often are the ones who fear doing so the most. I have free booze at every turn and an endless supply of people looking for someone to party with. And I've managed to go 236 days more often than not spending the night time of those days on licensed premises...Everyone is on their own journey in life and it's an intensely personal thing to make that sort of a life change in a society such as ours. If you are ready you are ready if not - no harm in trying but it's a lot harder. How you get ready? I wish I had the answer as I'd write the book and become a millionaire...Anyway this is turning into a bit of a ramble so here's my tips for how I sorted my shit out hope some of them help you guys. In no particular order...1.) Read or listen to audiobooks. There's a whole world of wisdom out there so tap into it. I'll put some recommendations at the end. Podcasts too although the podcasts I listen to largely don't relate directly to this. Maybe the odd Joe Rogan does and some Tim Ferris...2.) Write - keep a journal. I keep two - there's a general diary type one which I write in morning and night with my mood observations about the day things I need to do or change reflections on why I did certain things etc etc. It's basically free therapy and really useful to look back on too as memory is a lying shit. When I looked back on one from a year back I had COMPLETELY re-written the memory of where my head was at at that time. It was a real eye-opener. I also use Best Self Journal for goal setting and staying on target for those things. Good but very specific to people aiming at things and prepared to plan quite precisely. On my phone I use 5 Minute Journal too and the Winstreak app to list good things that happened to me that day although the android version is a bit clunky so I might switch to writing them in my journal instead. It's good training for your brain to start seeing the good in life more quickly after you've done it for a while you can have objectively the same day you did 3 months previously but subjectively feel it to be a better day. Neat little trick at basically no cost...3.) Exercise. I'm sure you all are bored to death of my running posts. But exercise is KEY. Whatever floats your boat - running swimming cycling weights yoga whatever. I try to combine a few of the above with running obviously the main thing. There's well known mental health benefits to go along with the obvious physical benefits. It's such a fundamental part of any balanced life however you get it. If you aren't exercising in some way or another you are short-changing yourself. I derive a tremendous amount of self worth and wellbeing from exercise. And personally I find running to be an incredible tonic - I'm lucky to live near so many green spaces and getting out for an hour around them listening to a good book is fantastic. Also the more you exercise the more you can eat. I eat a ridiculous amount of calories and have lost weight because I don't drink and do plenty of exercise. It can be done!..4.) Sleep. Aim to give yourself an 8-9 hour sleep opportunity from when you go to bed to when you have to get up as often as you can achieve this goal. The benefits of this (vs the harm that short or bad quality sleep will cause) are staggering. The book Why We Sleep is a proper game-changer for me if you want to thrive you need to sleep properly. Obviously there are times when it's not possible and for those with kids... I guess use the knowledge to make sure your kids get the sleep their developing brains and bodies need even if you can't! Incidentally the quality of sleep after you quit drinking - wowzers. It's another world. And be aware of the effect of caffeine long after you drink it. If you have a coffee at 4.30pm half that caffeine is still affecting you at 1.30am...5.) If you are wanting to get in shape use Myfitnesspal and track EVERYTHING. It takes a bit of time at first but saves stuff so over time gets faster. It's really useful to know what stuff is what calories and how that compares with the calories you burn in exercise...6.) Meditate - I try and do this daily ideally early on or I have a habit of getting caught up in the day and forgetting. I use the Waking Up app I have used Headspace lots and that is good and Calm is well regarded too. There's quite a few others I believe but I really like Waking Up. Seems a bit more cerebral and exploratory than the others I've used. May be that it's good to do the others first then move on to this. I'm not sure. Either way ten minutes of meditation a day is really very valuable indeed. Doesn't seem like much but ten minutes vs no minutes it's quite a profound difference! And a lot can happen inside those ten when you are alone with your thoughts and someone telling you to focus on whatever it is they are telling you to focus on that day...7.) JOMO - I spent my life having FOMO and going to every party under the sun just in case I missed out on... something. But flipping that to JOMO has really helped me accept I no longer live that way. Joy Of Missing Out - waking up fresh as a daisy after heading home at 1am having my breakfast doing my morning routine getting a workout in all that then checking in on my mates who stayed out til 7am talking at each other and can't remember a word of what was said...  ..I don't miss that at all and yet I did it for years thinking it was great. A big part is just getting older and growing up and all that and I don't judge anyone for doing it but now I've stepped outside of it it's just bonkers really...8.) I find having a morning routine really useful probably because of the relatively unstructured nature of my daytimes otherwise. Mine is this as dull as this may be to some of you. Obvs my day is somewhat different to somebody working a 9-5 but this is what I try to do first thing to make sure I get the day off to a good start. Doesn't always happen but makes a big difference when I stick to it consistently...Get up make bed look at counter for days off booze Check diary reminders emails Meditate Breakfast &amp; Coffee Duolingo Journal &amp; Best Self Journal + 5 Minute Journal Check Wunderlist (checklist app I use to get things done) Brush teeth Head out for exercise..Here's some suggestions for reading/listening things that in different ways have helped me this year...The Obstacle Is The Way Man's Search For Meaning Alcohol Explained The Unexpected Joy Of Being Sober Unfuck Yourself Why We Sleep The Art of Exceptional Living The Chimp Paradox 12 Rules For Life..Despite writing bloody miles more than I expected I feel like I've left stuff out here. Anyway. There's plenty here to get on with. A big shift I guess for me has been accepting that life is hard struggle and sweat are good necessary things for a fulfilling life. Happiness is not a thing to pursue it is something that must ensue from your pursuits. Find what is meaningful to you and do the shit out of that make it happen work hard be nice to people see the hurdles you reach as opportunities to show how high you've learnt how to jump blah blah you get the point. Mindset is fundamental to how you experience life and therefore what you get back out of it and to a huge degree people are able to control their mindset how they react to what the world puts in front of them and as you do it more you get better at it. ..I'm waffling again...And to conclude Wafflefest 2018 some quotes that have stuck with me through this year and I keep coming back to (I keep a note on my phone which I add quotes to over time and read periodically worth doing)..No man is free who is not master of himself - Epictetus..The essence of bravery is being without self-deception.  Pema Ch dr n..Action is the foundational key to all success. - Picasso..That which you most need will be found where you least want to look - Jung..The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control and which have to do with the choices I actually control. Where then will I find good and bad? In me in my choices - Epictetus..Man does not simply exist but always decides what his existence will be what he will become the next moment by the same token every human has the freedom to change at any instant - Viktor Frankl..Hard choices easy life. Easy choices hard life - Jerzy Gregorek..The very first condition of lasting happiness is that it should be full of purpose aiming at something outside self - Hugh Black..Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking - Marcus Aurelius..Here's a wise man who does not grieve for the things he has not and rejoices for those which he has - Epictetus..Don't wish it were easier wish you were better. Don't wish for fewer problems wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenge wish for more wisdom. - Jim Rohn..If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyone must take an equal portion most people would be content to take their own and depart - Socrates..Circumstances do not make the man they only reveal him to himself - Epictetus..We become just by performing just actions temperate by performing temperate actions brave by performing brave actions - Aristotle..Where the willingness is great the difficulties cannot be great - Machiavelli..Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears - Marcus Aurelius..Sometimes taking time is actually a shortcut - Haruki Murakami..Make sure what you do is the product of your own conclusions - Jim Rohn..You are what you do not what you say you'll do - Jung..Anger and worry are the most unprofitable conditions known to man. - Horace Fletcher..FIN
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing everything you have written above.  Truly appreciate it more than you know and will save the text.  Great tips and some I will incorporate into my daily routine.  Exercise....love what you said because it's true.  I woke up early this morning and got 4 miles in.  Ready for the day and nothing beats the endorphins flowing.  I'm proud of you and I don't even know you.  Truly an inspiration.  Happy New Year!
I love that- sometimes taking time is actually a shortcut.  
Loved the quotes.  I copied and saved them.  Thanks!
Great information thanks! 
Bravo! Great read. Thanks!
Thank you. I really love the "JOMO". This is something I am going to use.
Thank you. I am saving this post. Love Viktor Frankl.
Excellent post. I think you're a bit nuts insofar as going home at 1 a.m. is *early* for you LOL but you do you! :)
Thank you so much for sharing this!
Excellent post! Thanks so much for sharing- I appreciate the quotes and the reading suggestions    
