-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abju8l/a_reminder_to_those_struggling_to_quit_you_may_be/

I struggled to quit drinking alcohol for a long time and I'm pregnant at the moment so I don't know if I can count my sobriety for the past six months or so as  real . But I wanted to remind everyone here that it's very likely that we started diving deep into drinking due to some previously unknown mental health issues. If you are really struggling please don't hesitate to visit a psychologist and/or a psychiatrist. I used to be uncontrollably anxious and after getting on medication it's much much easier to deal with life in general. It's not my fault nothing particularly traumatic happened to me or anything the chemicals in my brain are imbalanced and my natural reaction to this is to try and drink to dull the anxiety. I started drinking a lot less when I just calmed down. ..I'm not saying you can't do it on your own you totally can. I'm just letting you know that your brain may not be wired in your favor. This isn't your fault but unfortunately it's your responsibility to fix. ..Best of luck everyone and if anyone has any questions about anxiety/depression/ocd medications let me know. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. I thought that booze "helped" my anxiety and depression when in fact it was making it worse. I'm glad I had a doctor who told me that I had to give sobriety time to see the mental health benefits. I've never felt better!
Meds for a mental health issue won't help that well if you're still drinking alcohol too I assume? .
I did the same thing. Alcohol Explained by William Porter explains why self treating depression and anxiety with alcohol is like trying to put out a fire with alcohol. Once I quit drinking I started therapy to treat the underlying anxiety and depression.
You can definitely count it as real because pregnancy doesn't always translate into sobriety... as my sister who was at a bar 4 days before giving birth can tell you...
