-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abkfrz/help_please/

A number of people have spoken to me about my drinking and told me to stop. I drink a few times a week and every time I have 6-10 units. Ive found that I really struggle to not drink it helps me forget and it helps me cope. I'm only 20 and I feel like no one would take it seriously if i tried to talk to them about it. I don't know if I need to stop I dont know if I want to stop what I do know is that I spent the new year being sick before passing out and I still feel sick and have been unable to move all day. ...I don't know where to go from here. Please help.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Nala it sounds like you're going through a rough time right now - that sucks I'm sorry...You mentioned that drinking helps you cope - in my experience it actually does two things that make it *worse*! It made my anxiety way worse because my body "got used" to the calm sensation I had when I was drunk so being sober seemed scary! It also stopped me from dealing with my issues (that I was drinking to cope with) so they got worse too...&gt; I don't know if I need to stop I dont know if I want to stop what I do know is that I spent the new year being sick before passing out and I still feel sick and have been unable to move all day..It sounds like drinking is making you pretty miserable - but you're the only person who can decide to stop. If you don't want to it isn't going to stick. If you decide you want to stop there's a ton of resources here that can help you out. If you have no-one to talk to IRL there's a huge community here at StopDrinking. :)
Hi!  It sounds like you have some big decisions to make.  What do you want your life to look like?  How do you feel about your relationship with alcohol?  What is most important to you?..I can't tell you what is right for you but I can tell you that taking alcohol out of my life has made things easier and simpler...Decide what you want and fight like hell for it.  We are around if you need us.
This place helped me so much! I started by reading here a lot.  Hearing others' sober stories provided vision for a sober life for me. ..I got help by coming here then I took it one day at a time.  I found a better life in sobriety...Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
You're in the right place for support...I'm 33 but I knew my drinking was a problem in my mid 20s. But even at 33 friends thought I was being ridiculous to quit ... even though I was regularly blacking out gained weight was destroying my health (both mental and physical). ..Then I found this sub and found the support to quit. Soo glad I did. Then I tried AA and found tons of people who understand :)..There's no magic time when your friends will understand what you're going through -- only you know what's right for you. A young people's AA meeting might be a great thing to try. When I went there were plenty of under-21s!
