-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abkzcc/messed_up_again_last_night_need_to_stop_for_good/

Apologies for the long post but i just want to get some things off my chest. I've been struggling with binge drinking for a few years now and things have really came to a head in the last few months. My problem with drinking largely stems from the fact that once I start I can't stop I'll drink until I either pass out or somebody stops me. I can go days without drinking yet when I do drink I lose all control. As a result I tend to do a lot of harm whilst out and my life currently feels like it's trapped in a cycle of messing things up whilst drunk then spending the next few days fixing things only to then mess things up again. ..To make it worse I'm now getting severe anxiety attacks in the days after drinking. I suffer from social anxiety in general and I've often used alcohol as a temporary crutch to help alleviate this but it's making it much worse in the long run.  Despite all the pain it causes me in the aftermath I keep returning to it and I can't understand why which is causing a lot of self loathing. ..Last night I went out again to a party. After drinking a dangerous amount I fell over repeatedly and smashed my head a number of times so it's covered in lumps today. I got shot in a taxi with a friend before midnight but I didn't realise i'd lost the keys to my apartment so I had to sleep rough. Woke up this morning with limited memory reflected on what an utterly shit start this was to a new year and decided that enough is enough this time I do have to stop. I've tried before and failed but I'm hoping this times different. I'm more of a lurker usually but I wanted to make this post as it at least feels like a positive step. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey. Good on you for even recognizing that you have an issue. Acceptance is the first step to healing in my opinion. It's hard believe me I know. I am the same way you are with alcohol. I have been consuming way too much since this last month has been pure shite. But you know what we got this. We can get through this and stop these negative patterns and behaviors...Best of luck and happy 2019. Onward and up!
Good on you man. It can take a long time even to get to this point and it's great that you can see the problem. I remember waking up after I had been caught drink driving and I was lying in bed after missing an international flight and skipping work and my mate who didn't drink saying  this could be the best thing that ever happened to you ..At the time I wanted to punch him in the head really hard because it really didn't feel like that. .It turned out he was right. It was a catalyst for me to really take stock of my life. .Maybe head to a meeting of AA and see if it's a good option for you
Glad youre here and congrats on your decision...I was the same way once i started i couldnt stop.  Actually your description was spot on... drink until i passed out or someone stopped me...In a way this has been a blessing.  I just dont start.  Sounds too simple of course but there is some truth to it.  I had to get used to the change but it is possible...I wish you good luck and hope to see you here.
Oh man I'm right there with you. I get horrible anxiety the day after a binge- end up having to hide from the world while constantly bugging my GF to reassure me that nothing terrible happened. I don't generally blackout but nevertheless I end up obsessing over every part of the previous night and feeling scared and stressed.  ...One thing that helps me is to Google/read about "hangxiety" and seeing that other people feel the same way and that there are physiological reasons for it. That often helps me through the worst of it.  ...But the best solution is to just not put myself in that situation to begin with which is why I'm back here and starting over with not drinking. IWNDWYT
Glad you are here. I hope your head injuries aren't serious.  I frequently sustained injuries lost keys phones and embarrassed the hell out of myself. For what? In my recollection the first hour of drinking was typically fun then all down hill after that.  As I sit here today I don't know how in the hell I did that to myself for so long. I missed innumerable days with hangovers and anxiety. You can break this cycle too.  I'm rooting for you 
