-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abnnxj/im_surrounded_by_drinking/

Today I like so many others decided to embark on a one month journey of  Sober January.  I have had a few instances recently that have made me evaluate my relationship with alcohol. I won't bother to describe them as I'm sure a lot of us are familiar with dumb black-out bullshit. ..Looking forward my biggest struggle is going to be the fact that the people around me all drink and some to excess...regularly. ..First all of my family (parents step parents aunts uncles grandparents) drink on a pretty much daily basis. It has been so normalized in my life that when I first moved from home and bought a bottle wine on a Tuesday my new friends found it surprising. ..Second I am in the military where drinking is viewed as part of the culture. We have a keg at work and there is regularly beer in the fridge. Almost every single person I hang out with is also military so it is not something I feel I can get away from without having zero friends. ..These factors combined with MY DECISION to drink have turned into it not being uncommon to drink a bottle of wine a night during the week then binge drink and go out to the bars both nights of the weekend then brunch on Sunday that nearly always turns into a shit show. ..I'm just tired and I want to see where this takes me. I'm scared because I know I will miss alcohol as I have been groomed to believe I need it for fun/ socialization. However I know that nothing changes if nothing changes. I'm sick of the hangovers regret embarrassment and stories told to me about shit I do not remember. Embarking on  Sober January  to kick start this mindset. ..At this point I do not know if I want to quit or moderate. I know I am incapable moderation at this point so for now IWNDWYT. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Have you read  this naked mind  by Annie Grace? It sounds like your thinking is already shifting away from false belief that alcohol is in some way benefiting you. Reading some great literature may help you solidify those thoughts. We are rooting for you here at SD!
I completely support your Sober January commitment. Sounds like you are in the right head space at the right time. Annie Grace's book is highly recommended here as well as 'Alcohol Explained' by William Porter. I keep a journal of what's going on regarding my sober journey. It helps to document the struggles positive changes etc. My mantra is be in action. I do something everyday to strengthen my sober self. Sounds like you have some serious navigation to do regarding your family and work drinking culture. Posting here for support and just reading or making the daily pledge to not drink today has helped me immensely. I smile every day I wake up sober and every night when my head hits the pillow. No regrets. Challenges? yes. Worth every one...I am proud of you for taking on this journey. Maybe it will inspire you enough to make it stick into February and beyond! But for now I am happy to stay sober with you today. Peace.
I relate to a lot of your post.  I'm military as well. ..I haven't drank since August and I was nervous of all the  fun' I was giving up.  After all everyone I know drinks and does it very well! My entire life is better today than it was back in my boozing days.  My only regret is that I would have quit sooner. ..Good luck this January!  You can do it.  I just had to be patient with the progress. 
Awesome. Lots of great literature out there and excellent support groups and sober folks who can offer encouragement. Best of luck to you! 
