-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/absvp6/you_know_this_journey_is_worth_it_when/

You wake up and your reality is more wonderful than the dream world. ..Some nights I used to wake up from fantastical dreams of a new love being fit connecting with someone I struggle with in real life and within seconds am slapped with that existential dread.....the hangover....the sickly feeling........ What did I do/say last night? Ughhh I need water. I can't believe I ate and drank all of that....and I have to clean it up still. (Sees self in mirror) I look like absolute bloated shit.................I want to go back to bed to dream world. ...It's been multiple days now where I've woken up and been so happy almost ecstatic to wake up to this reality. .. My god I actually have energy and I'm up early!?. (Weighs self) oh danggg I've lost a lil. (Looks in mirror) eyes are clear skin looks good I'm ready for the day. I'm excited to keep working out reconnecting with people and working towards my goals with an elevated mood and drive. ....................thank god it was only a dream .
----------immediate responses--------

You just articulated that so clearly for all of us. Thats exactly what i thought when i used to drink heavy..Thankfully sobriety is saving us and our appearance and its building back friendships...Thank you!.IWNDWYT 
Sobriety delivers what alcohol promises!
I love my life so much more now.  I swear I look younger also.  I'm a 41 year old female.  I tired botox when I turned 40 but felt like an a hole for being so vain.  Since I've quit drinking I don't look like I even need it.  Plus I have a peace and confidence that I didn't have before.  I can't believe I wasted my 30s poisoning myself!  Happy New Year!
Inspiring post. I still have days where I wish my dreams were my real.life (I'm sure most people do drinkers or. not) but getting out of bed isn't an existential crisis every morning now at least. Lots more energy and no hangovers are the best!
I never thought my life could be like this. Sobriety is a precious gift.  I am so very happy for you!
I remember all those hangover forced smiles where your skin hurts and you just know your smile doesn't look or feel natural...Sober smiling is the best.  You can feel your eyes wide open and your face is just so relaxed.  
Great Post!
