-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac1xd8/ideas_for_those_trying_sobriety/

With the new year and Dry January underway I am sure that many people are struggling with finding fun sober activities to stay away from the temptation of alcohol. We spent a lot of time going to bars restaurants breweries wineries etc. and I am determined to focus on my sobriety this month (and hopefully longer.)..I've focused on going to the gym reading watching Netflix playing video games and working on both personal and work projects but I could use help with other ideas...What do you do to help you stay sober when the cravings kick in?..What are some things that you do out of the house to have fun that don't involve booze remembering that this time of year is quite cold outside in the northern hemisphere?
----------immediate responses--------

I recommend an indoor trampoline park to ANYONE WHO WILL LISTEN.
You already mentioned going to the gym but climbing really helped me and gave me a hobby. You might  find a local climbing gym then you can climb all year. I used to drink and cook a lot but once I began getting sober I really started appreciating the art of cooking and really delving into cooking itself and that helped to give me a focus when getting off work for example. I also play a lot of video games which isn't for everyone but I've always enjoyed it. All these activities have helped/ still currently help me keep my mind active.
Man I've been doing a lot of the same things you've been doing. I also stocked up on a bunch of fun beverages so I have choice when j get a craving for a drink. I've slowly gotten back into cooking and crafting. I've also been reading quite a bit. There's a lot of great memoirs and books about addiction. They've been really helpful for me 
One day at a time.   Thinking about vacations concerts get togethers and especially the holidays and not being able to drink only caused resentment and feelings of being overwhelmed.  I didn't focus on 24 at a time and instead looked too far ahead .  That was the main cause of my relapse.  Next time you feel like drinking remember the reason(s) you quit in the first place.   Call someone who can talk you out of taking that first drink.  Stay 100% committed to sobriety.   Had I done these things I'd be celebrating 8 months instead of a few days.  IWNDWYT 
One important thing for me was making sure I had a list of activities I could do "right fucking now". Not "text so and so and see if they want to meet up" not "drive 30 minutes to do this thing" these were like things I had in my own house that I could do any time I got bored. Some of them are obvious like cleaning/organizing some are things I could/should do but just left alone as I knew the boredom/drinking cravings would come around soon enough etc. Reading crafting and writing are always easy things to put in this category. ..  .I also do a lot of indoor gardening which is rarely in the above list but is something I've gotten really into plus having fresh veggies in winter is a real treat!  .
Thank you all! I appreciate your advice and support. Just like yesterday IWNDWYT. 
