-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac41c6/book_recommendation_to_go_with_this_naked_mind/

I have just ordered This Naked Mind in paperback none the less! Gosh I dont know when I last picked up a book.. Very exciting. ..For anyone who has tried quitting cigarettes at the same time and has underlying anxiety/social anxiety.. Have you read any of the other books in the subs book list? or can you recommend another one that you found particularly helpful for you? ..I doesn't have to be specifically about smoking but I feel like smoking is the one I am going to struggle with the most here because its my daily thing. I have quit twice using hypnotherapy but that little old 'Nic' likes to make me believe he is the only friend I have. Seriously him and Al need to go make new friends. I am sick of their shit. ..Thank you in advance xx 
----------immediate responses--------

22 days sober and 20 days smober (smoke free haha) I'm about to fall asleep to Allen Carr's Easy Way audiobook again. ..I switch between Easy Way and This Naked Mind all the time (been quitting for a year and a half- but I have a good feeling about it this time!)..I will not drink (or smoke) with you today!!
Alan Carr's book helped me quit smoking.  He's got one for booze too.  For social anxiety I like the Take A Break podcast though Rachel Hart has a book too if you prefer that format.  It is called Why Can't I Drink Like Everyone Else.
Are you on the stopsmoking sub? It's a lot like this one but for smoking. It helped me a lot.
Home podcast is a good one for podcasts as for books I have read this naked mind 3 times and Annie has just released (or is about too) a new one- this book was what did it for me  other good reads:..- Alcohol Explained by William Porter.- The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober by Catherine Gray.- Recovery by Russell Brand ..I find it hard to read books so listen to them via audible- love it sooo much!!..Good luck and stick with it life gets so much better.
