-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac4sv9/how_do_i_fix_this/

I keep relapsing over and over. I will go in with the best intentions muscle though some cravings until I can't do it anymore and then drink. I don't know how to stop this pattern.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you replaced the addiction with something else?
Good thinking about replacement. Find a really good hobby immerse yourself in it volunteer create art paint the rooms in your house.. anything to break the pattern or habit of drinking. I started to buy good tea go to tea and coffee shops read books on alcoholism. Educate yourself on how to break this addiction. 
New book came out yesterday called  Sober Curious ; Craig Beck on youtube has powerful videos on the grips of alcohol. It's really not your fault; there is so much out there pulling you back into alcohol (bars commercials advertisements grocery store aisles). 
For me it was just a decision at some very fundamental core level. But I was in a very special situation my liver was close to giving up I was about to kill myself either slowly using alcohol or find some less painful way. To me it boiled down to  do you want to die or do you want to live . And this decision turned out to be pretty easy I want to live and I want to have a life worth living. Stopping to drink was only one part...If you came to your decision then it's technical details. Mindfulness. When you have a craving make sure there's no alcohol around you especially in the beginning. Your unconscious mind your reptile brain is very fast you will find yourself having a drink long before your conscious mind realises what's going on when alcohol is in reach. Make sure there is always enough time for your big brain to kick in to ask the question  do I REALLY want to do this?! . And the answer to that is simple you already decided that...You're stronger than you think. Much stronger. You just don't know that yet. IWNDWYT.
I understand!  I was caught in a hamster wheel of good intentions -&gt; promises to myself -&gt; breaking my word to myself  -&gt; regret and remorse...Sorry to hear about your struggle...I came to realize that while I could easily *Create* an issue with alcohol all by myself I could only *Solve* an alcohol issue with support...Free recovery meetings were especially helpful!..Tried a meeting?
Have you tried following a dedicated recovery program?   I used SMART Recovery and for me it was a godsend.  ..I wanted a clear how-to guide.  Someone to say basically "Do this and this.  Here's how..."  That's what SMART provided for me.  It was the best $10 I had spent on Amazon in who knows how long.  
Rule #1:  Never Give Up...And yes after a few days the physical withdrawal is over and after that it's pretty much mental...Alcohol does leave a "void" because so much of our time was spent drinking.  It was time wasted for me though because I never could remember any of it...So it takes some imagination and lots of effort to figure out what to do with all the time we have on our hands...Luckily I was able to dust off some long abandoned hobbies and projects.  And I've established a pretty strict routine for each day so I don't have to "think" about what to do each and every hour.  It's helped a lot...Hang in there and iwndwyt.
There are a variety of different paths to sobriety.  I had to try a few of them before I found what worked for me.  Muscling through never got me more than a week or two at a time.
