-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac6s0c/you_got_addicted_to_something_addictive/

The "I am sober" app (which I highly recommend) tells me I've been free from alcohol for 226 days.  Woot!  One thing that I struggle with is the shame and guilt resulting from my years of selfish behavior.  Due to my professional position and the small town nature of where I live AA meetings are not feasible for me so I resorted to a private substance abuse counselor to help me through my alcohol exodus.  I have since been "honorably" discharged...One thing that my counselor told me which doesn't excuse my drinking but does help with the guilt associated with it is: "You got addicted to something addictive."  This is so true.  The more I think about it the more it's amazing that everyone who uses alcohol doesn't develop an addiction/dependence to it.  Perhaps it's just my personality.  My wife recently suffered a severe back injury and is on a buffet of pain killers which I know I would become addicted to if I took even one.  I don't go near those with a 10 foot pole but am glad they help her...Anyway I just thought that maybe my counselor's little quote could help someone who struggles with shame and guilt like I do.  I have no intention of using alcohol again.  Just focusing on picking up the pieces in the aftermath.  Rebuilding my marriage and other relationships lost to the bonds of alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

I was talking to a sober friend recently about "normal drinkers". How the fuck do they do it? It staggers our alcoholic minds that they can do what we can't. A part of it is envy but we need to keep in mind - they aren't the same as us. ..As addicts we can't moderate or casually mess around with addictive substances. We have to own that which you appear to have done. ..Kudos on your sobriety. IWNDWYT. 
It is amazing to me as well how some folks do not become addicted as easily.  In high school someone offhandedly said I have an addictive personality and I was hurt and offended.  Later I realize that if I had just listened to that observation and taken it to heart I could have avoided a ton of bad choices and struggle.  But then I wouldn't be quite the person I am today and I really am starting to love that person now even with her faults and flaws.   ..I wish you all the best on your sober journey.  You got this.
I've come to the position that no matter who you are if you drink enough long enough you *will* become addicted...Some people get there slower than others...Some are traveling slowly enough that they may never get there...But everybody who's drinking is in my mind traveling inexorably down the same path...
People are wired in different ways. I don't find marijuana coffee or even nicotine addictive. But alcohol? Oh hell yeah. 
I started regularly drinking when I was around 20. I was a social drinker but I was a heavily social person going out 5-6 times a week with recovery brunches (mimosas!) on the weekends.  I didn't drink alone and I wasn't drinking if we were just casually hanging at someone's house so I didn't have a problem.  We all drank that much! ..I was (am) 37 when I quite drinking.  Slowly over those years it turned into me drinking pretty much all of the time.  If I wasn't at work I was drinking.  Weekends started with shots as soon as I woke up.  Friends had concerns but I have a good job and my own place so I must be handling myself. My addiction happened so gradually and thoroughly that even though I stood out among my friends who had mostly moved on from our partying day to get married and raise children I looked like I had it together and just choose to life my life in a more carefree way. I have come completely clean to a few of my closest and they were shocked how much I was drinking. How much the addiction had absolutely taken hold and how much I was able to hide it. ..IWNDWYT!!
Hey congrats on the sobriety. .My interpretation is that it doesn't matter whether what I was addicted to was or was not addictive... I had to get down to the causes and conditions of WHY I drank. I drank for all sorts of reasons but the primary cause was I never felt  okay  in my own skin. Drinking made me okay with being me. 
IWNDWYT
