-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac7u0g/is_someone_elses_relapse_my_fault/

I have an ex boyfriend I've tried to be friends with. We had a hard relationship together that was a lot of my fault. Even though I was a horrible girlfriend he still wanted me but I had to end it because I couldn't change my behavior. ..After some issues and arguments my ex boyfriend that I still care about a lot has relapsed. Says he doesn't care if he overdoses etc. and says that he's okay with his death being over my head for the rest of my life...I don't know what to do. I'm afraid. Of course I don't want him to hurt himself. But I can't control it if he does. I know that but if he was to hurt himself I would still feel like it's my fault. ..I really don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Ghost him.  Block all communication.  He will cause you nothing but pain until he drags you down to his level.
You can't control him or his actions. He needs to be able to handle the ups and downs of life with relapsing. You can't make someone else happy you can only make yourself happy you may have been able to be a better GF. It doesn't sound like you helped him be a happier person but at the end of the day he has to want to be happy. If he doesn't he will just spiral the other way sounds to me like he is using this negative experience he had with you as an excuse to fall back into a pattern of behavior he really never wanted to give up in the first place. If that's the case it wouldn't have mattered if you'd been the best GF a guy could ask for he'd still have found himself sad and self destructive. 
&gt;You can't control him or his actions. He needs to be able to handle the ups and downs of life with relapsing. ..This. In a word no. His relapse is in no way your fault.
No. No. No. 
Serenity prayer.  Say it without the God part if you're not in to that sort of thing like me.  .."I need the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference." ..Be safe his problems are NOT your fault PERIOD!  I agree with /u/yawninglemur ghost him get out of that toxicity and work on your own self.  
Nobody can make somebody stay sober...Nobody can make somebody drink.
I agree entirely with the avoid-like-the-plague comments.  This is no way your fault.  It's an attempt at emotional manipulation.  ..I'd go even one step further:   I would not hesitate to contact the police if I felt threatened by violence or if I thought the person could become violent towards himself.    
In my experience I had an ex who threatened to kill themself OD ect after I broke up with them. I went to therapy for help and realized my ex's behaviour was actually manipulative by trying to make me stay in a situation where both of us were deeply unhappy. I wasn't responsible to directly stay involved to save them but I was responsible to call the police/their parents if they were suicidal and set boundaries that they couldn't contact me for help anymore. After that I blocked them and moved on. 
No...This is classic manipulation behavior. I didn't understand it when I had a narcissistic girlfriend she would say that \_I\_ was the one hurting her every day as a way to force me to do things. This only works when she knows for a fact that I \_do\_ care about her. The problem is if I indulged her she learned that this was a way that worked to control me and get what she wanted so it grew worse and worse. Indulging the emotional blackmail will \_not\_ fix the problem. Even if this guy gets what he wants temporarily this way the entire hypothetical future relationship he will gain will be irreparably tainted...I would cut and run. It's also an option to calmly explain this and try to work forward in a healthy way (when they are sober). But under no circumstances would I bend to this conversational technique.
Nope. Not your fault. He is trying to manipulate you into thinking that - why I can't say. But that's toxic and completely unnecessary and not in your or his best interest. Another comment suggested involving the authorities. If you don't want to dial 911 and report an emergency call the non-emergency line and ask them to do a wellness check. Tell them what's going on. I overheard a wellness check that someone called in on my upstairs neighbor once they made it clear the girl wasn't in trouble but that they needed to see her and speak to her and make sure she was ok and she actually agreed to leave in an ambulance. Let qualified professionals see to his health and do the best to take care of yours in the meantime.
