-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac8uel/thought_i_couldnt_go_on_this_way_at_day_40/

Hi fellow SD'ers currently on the path to a sober and honest lifestyle!.. .After my past few attempts at sobriety I always struggled with being sober for extended periods of time. It was like I just didn't feel very well without alcohol in my system. .Around the 30 day mark I started visiting the hospital because throughout the winter I'd been sick 3 times and had little to no energy. .The doctors and nurses weren't much help. I explained my symptoms and after asking some questions usually chaulked it up to my old drinking habits and said this was normal for being in recovery and to ride it out....This was what worried me. Long story short I went to get  more sophisticated bloodwork done and without batting an eye the nurse asked "are you a vegan?" I said no and she asked if I was on any blood thinning medications... No... And although I don't think this is procedure her mom instincts kicked in and she said I should probably get some b12 from the health food store....Anyways little did I know that prolonged alcohol abuse robs your body of B vitamins and that my red blood cell count was suffering. The symptoms of b vitamin deficiencies are shockingly similar to alcohol related problems....I took the vitamins and had energy I haven't felt since I stopped drinking. I am blown away that the doctors and nurses never mentioned anything besides heavy meds to me during recovery and only one Doctor said to me "ooh you're looking rough. Get some bananas in you alcoholism makes you low in potassium."...Long story short. If you've been trudging through sobriety with low energy and feel like things just aren't right don't lump everything into the "it's recovery it's natural to feel like shit" camp. Things could have gotten a lot worse for me if I didn't listen to my body....I hope you guys are having a wicked new years and the obligatory IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. 
This is awesome thank you. I've been taking b vitamins (including b12) twice a day since day one and they've made a huge difference.  
I had forgotten to take my vitamins and anxiety medication thanks for reminding me! I took them with a banana. IWNDWYT :)
My alcoholism robbed me of my B12 stores as well leaving me feeling run down and giving me a foggy brain. Supplements help a lot. 
