-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac9deh/coping_with_failure_without_alcohol/

So today a work event I have been planning for months came up went OK for the most part then ended really badly. I'm left feeling empty rejected and just deeply sad. And I want a drink so badly I can feel it pulling me a drink to stop from thinking about this to forget and to numb the humiliation of failure...And I'm not going to do it. I'm determined not to do it. And I'm still so new to facing this stuff without something to take the edge off it's hard. I hope it's OK to just rant this out here because honestly there's noone else I can talk to about this who might remotely understand and I'm struggling really bad but it helps to say to you all I will not drink to take this away. I will be stronger than that. I will be resilient and face tonight and tomorrow (event day two of two) sober whatever it brings...It's amazing how hard this is when I've never felt I've had that much of a pull to drink. I guess this is my trigger point.
----------immediate responses--------

you made the right difficult choice.  keep going!
Day 2 here as well brother!  Little different but worked today sucked for me too.  Drinking tonight won't change a single thing about today and will only make me less productive and less likely to right back on the horse tomorrow...I'm with you and I will not drink with you tonight! It sounds like it's not perfectly applicable but I had an old coworker and whenever someone in my group would have a shitty day he'd just so simply but so heart-felt and genuinely would say  you'll get em' tomorrow 
Hello fellow forest dweller!..When life throws bad stuff at me alcohol has been what I've turned to calm my anxiety and upset feelings...We have to replace that killer habit with something different.  A bit of exercise or meditation (new at this but it helps) are two of my replacements...I think just recognizing the fact that yes we do use alcohol to numb ourselves in times of crisis and deciding no we are going to retrain our brain with better reactions and repeat this over and over again  it helps us make progress towards an alcohol free life.  After all there's always something...I don't know if that makes any sense at all but I'm hoping you get past this and IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;
If you drink tonight (please don't) then tomorrow you'll be even more disappointed with yourself...I'm trying to imagine that each time I have a trigger but I don't drink I'm reinforcing a new pathway in my brain. I'm hoping the old alcohol pathway will eventually get overgrown and disappear...IWNDWYT
The feeling of tomorrow is worth getting through without a drink. If there is a specific person or situation you are wanting to forget ask yourself is this person/situation worth giving away my sobriety for? I have found using those feeling of anger and frustration to fuel my sobriety helps. IWNDWYT 
Play the tape forward....is that really gonna help? Or is it just going to exponentially increase your pain?
