-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ack9us/my_reservation_about_aa_going_to_aca_and_the/

Hi everyone!..I didn't check in yesterday but I'm back...Wednesday night I went to an Adult Children Of Alcoholics/Dysfunctional Families meeting that just started at my local AA clubhouse. The guy who started it used to be a regular at the AA meeting that I'm now chairing back when I first started going there. I had no idea that he was also in ACA and I'm grateful that he started this new meeting. ACA meetings are thin on the ground around here but the ones that I've been to have been helpful and it's a program that I really connect with. This meeting is very convenient for me and I'm going to make it a priority in my schedule...From the limited perspective of what I know now AA seems like a 12 step program for dealing with the baggage that I've accumulated in adulthood and ACA seems like a 12 step program for dealing with trauma and dysfunction originating in my childhood. I'm working with a trauma trained therapist who's phenomenal and I've processed a huge amount of childhood stuff with her but I think that it would be beneficial to also address it by working a recovery program. It's just a different approach which addresses slightly different things in a slightly different way...And I'm wary of bringing my childhood trauma into my AA program. I'm working with a great AA sponsor who has a lot of experience with sponsorship and good sobriety but I know from talking to her that she just doesn't have an understanding of abuse. That's fine that's not what her role in my life is. She's not a therapist she's someone who is there to share her own experiences with getting and staying sober with me in order to help me get and stay sober. But it does mean that I'm not totally comfortable sharing a lot about my childhood or my family relationships with her...I'm grateful to have AA in my life and I plan on continuing to be a member. I get a lot out of the program. But I do think that it drops the ball on abuse. The program was developed in the 1930's and it has certain limitations because of that. ..I'm a ways away from doing my fourth step (the sponsorship line that I'm in emphasizes doing the steps thoroughly and people tend to move pretty slowly through them) but my understanding is that the way the moral inventory is set up is that you list your resentments and then you figure out your part in them. That seems like a really helpful way to gain perspective on my behavior and to get beyond some of my cognitive distortions but that also seems like it could be pretty disastrous and damaging in the context of an abusive relationship...I experienced physical and emotional abuse and neglect from as far back as I can remember. It's something that I've only been addressing for the past couple of years. I still have a lot of emotions around it and a lot to unpack. It's something that I will talk about with my sponsor when we get there but I'm pretty sure that I'm not going to be bringing any of that into my AA fourth step. I've got a more appropriate program for working through it. And anyway my conscience is clean regarding my side of my relationship with my parents. ..Something that came up in the ACA meeting was a line in ACA's basic text the [Big Red Book](https://www.amazon.com/Adult-Children-Alcoholic-Dysfunctional-Families/dp/0978979702/ref=nodl_) (which I *highly* recommend if it sounds like it might in any way apply to you. Even if you don't go to meetings the book is amazing.) It says something about how between birth and reaching adulthood at age 18 we spent around 160000 hours living in dysfunctional family relationships and being conditioned to accept that way of living as normal. So it takes more than a minute to unpack all of that and relearn how to live life in a healthy manner...I've been thinking about that in terms of how much I drank. I started drinking at the age of 18 and had my last drink two years ago at the age of 36. (My badge reflects my time sober from all mind altering substances. I was acting out my alcoholism by using marijuana in a similar way to how I drank. That's just what feels honest to me I understand that most people use their badge to reflect the time since they last drank alcohol.) ..So that's eighteen years of drinking. I didn't drink constantly over those eighteen years but I drank enough. I got a lot of drinking in and I got a lot of different types of drinking in. There were periods when I was a binge drinker and periods when I was a maintenance drinker. I drank for fun and thrills and I drank for comfort. I drank cheap beer in dive bars and fine wine in fancy restaurants. I drank at parties and I drank alone. ..It's hard to characterize my drinking as any one thing because I did so much of it over such a long period of time. The only thing that's consistent is that over time my drinking got worse. It took my drinking a couple of years to take off but it really fell off the cliff when I was 20 and from that point on drinking to get drunk was a regular (though not constant) feature of my drinking. And drinking to  fix  my feelings was also a part of my drinking from age 20 on. But even though there were times that I pulled back and stabilized from that point on I struggled to control how much and when I drank. And over time I drank progressively more in an increasingly desperate and unhappy way. I spent so many man hours over so many years drinking my life away. Imagine where my life would be if I'd devoted that time to literally anything else...But I am where I am and today I don't have to drink. Today I get to spend my time being present in my life. I'm still not sure exactly *how* to live a life in sobriety that's something that I never really figured out before my drinking took off. It's a little uncomfortable realizing that. But I feel confident that I am where I'm supposed to be and I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing more or less. Figuring out what isn't working for me in life and what I don't know is part of the process of growth and change...And with that I hope that you all are well. Have a happy day!..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

That's an awful lot to unpack sorry you're having to go through it.  I don't have any significant experience with personal trauma so I'm ill-equipped to be helpful to you other than to say it sounds like you've done a lot of work and put a lot of thought into this so I think whatever route you take you're going to be successful.  
Thanks for this share Ginger_Sprout.  I try not to think about all the years I wasted.  I'm very fortunate to be where I am today and just like you I've got a tight grip on my recovery. I'm not going back to the darkness again.  I have my own collection of childhood dysfunctional memories.  I've never really explored them with a professional.  I've considered it and then wonder if I really want to dig up the past from 50 years ago.  My origins as an alcoholic.  Maybe I will.  Thanks again for another thought provoking post.  Take care and have a great day.
Thank you so much for writing and sharing all of this. .I missed seeing your post yesterday and was thinking of you. ..One thing that's really great is being able to identify all the different support that are available to you. It's kind of like doctors - you may see certain specialists based on what's most helpful. Your sponsor is one kind of specialist your therapist is another ACA is one support AA is another support. And although the specialists may have unique experiences they all share a common interest in supporting your journey however they can. That's a powerful bonding agent...Also I do have doctors on the mind because I saw my specialist today and the fantastic news is that my surgery is fully healed they did a biopsy it was negative and no cancer!! It's a super relief. ..Have a wonderful rest of your day and catch you tomorrow IWNDWYT 
