-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ackecl/4_months/

Well Hello there fellow sobernauts. It's been 4 months since my last drink. 4 months since my last hangover. 4 months of waking up every morning remembering the night before. 4 months of a constant reduction in anxiety and depression. 4 months of feeling well great! There have been hard times good days and certainly bad ones but I wanted to share some positives for those lurking or struggling...&amp;#x200B;..A brief history I drank a lot. At least 6-8 tall cans most week nights add a 40oz of whiskey every second day. Usually 2 on the weekends. A little red vino sprinkled in for good measure you know when I'd go out for dinner to be fancy or just at home in the dark by myself. Whatever worked. It didn't work though it made life so much worse. It made life so much harder. ..&amp;#x200B;..There are very few words I can muster to adequately express the joy I feel everyday now. I made it through a ton of family stuff over the holidays including the introduction of my girlfriend to the family. I survived 4 Christmas parties and countless get-togethers. The best part was waking up each morning after the fact and replaying a great night with no drama no blank spots no regrets. Got to know my sister-in-law a little better after nearly ruining their wedding in August. Both her and my brother were truly impressed by the changes they've seen in only 4 short months they live abroad. My parents kept telling me how proud they were of me how they should follow my lead. Aunts uncles cousins all said either directly to me or to my mom how great I looked how happy I seemed. They were not wrong...&amp;#x200B;..So I read a great post yesterday about a sobernaut celebrating 2 years sober and how no one remembered the day. Had a little of that feeling inside me like hmm...I wonder if anyone will remember my day today? Not because I want accolades or praise but just cause it feels good to get some recognition from loved ones. Get home to a new Harley Quinn shirt from the gf. She hugs me and says congrats on 4 months. I'm so proud of you. ..&amp;#x200B;..It doesn't take much to get me weepy these days the emotional channels are wide open. Had a little sniffle and a hug and said thank you. There's not much better than that. I require no more validation than that. It has been the best thing I've ever done for myself. That's the key. Do it for you because you deserve this kind of happiness...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT and that's all I can say or do. Thanks to all for the support stories and raw truths you've all shared with us it helps make every day a little easier and a little more joyful. You can do it!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  
So wonderful! I'm happy for you!
Congrats!!! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!! 
So very awesome! Hugs and love! Iwndwyt 
Love your post approaching 120 days and I couldn't agree more with what you wrote.  My oldest daughter has remarked several times in regards to my appearance saying I look younger and full of life. I have lost 22lbs and kept them off. ..&amp;#x200B;..The greatest benefit I have had is INSANELY great and unexpected. My anxiety is basically gone fear of impending doom  - pffft - GONE. My thoughts are clear my memory has improved focus at work is better. I AM BETTER :-)..&amp;#x200B;..I attend meetings every day broke my old isolated schedule I workout read bought a guitar with the money I would have spent on booze and I am learning to play...&amp;#x200B;..Life is getting better by the day one day at a time :-)..&amp;#x200B;
Delighted for you!
Great post! Congratulations    ! 
Great post. Thanks for sharing. Proud of you. IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!!!..Here's to many more!
IWNDWYT
Congratulations!
Wootwoop!
