-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ackh7e/whats_everyone_doing_tonight/

Happy Friday everyone!..Tonight I'm going to stay sober.  I'm going to do this at all costs.  This is my number one goal.  My number one responsibility is to not drink.  Not drinking and breathing are the only things that I have to do today.  ..I'm probably going to sound like an arrogant pompous prick so this is your trigger warning if you can't handle it.  I've managed to stay sober for over one thousand days through a combination of determination habits and luck. ..One of my most important habits is to stay away from alcohol.  There is absolutely no need to put myself in any situation centered around alcohol.  ..I think it's stupid risky and downright irresponsible to put myself in a position where I might fail to see if I have enough resolve to not drink.  What if I drink?  It's not the end of the world.  Maybe.  Maybe not.  Maybe that's it and I'm done.  Maybe I don't have enough left in the tank to scratch out any significant sober time.  ..I don't go to bars.  I don't go to clubs.  I don't go to house parties.  These are places where activity is going to be centered around alcohol...What are the chances of me relapsing if I stay in a place that doesn't have alcohol?  If I stay home without alcohol and I don't go out or need to go out I'd say that my chances are effectively zero...Say I go out to a bar once a week.  Let's just say that I have a two percent chance of drinking.  If I expose myself to that tiny percentage every week over time that's going to greatly increase the chances of another relapse...The data is clear.  The chances of attaining long term sobriety after developing a drinking problem are dismal.  It's not impossible.  It's been done.  It's being done everyday on this sub and in church basements.  ..Going to bars and house parties and clubs...  that's alcohol and drugs keeping their grasp on you.  That's them planting their seeds deep into the soil of your psyche.  ..I'm impressed by the SD crowd.  Almost everyone seems to be well educated creative and downright intelligent.  I've come to believe that being smart is not an asset to recovery.  On the contrary it seems to be an impediment.  It gives alcohol a chance to hijack our thought processes and rationalize our drinking...Tonight it's Friday.  It's just another day.  I'm going to hang out with my daughter and we're going to go hang out with my nephews and sister.  That's about all I've got planned for today.  ...What's everyone else doing tonight??
----------immediate responses--------

Food for thought!..&amp;#x200B;
I've got a pot roast in the slow cooker for dinner going to do an online meeting or two and have a long hot bath before going to bed sober.  IWNDWYT 
We're on the same page Phys. I don't even go *near* the lion's den these days...I treated myself to a pedi and massage so I'm feeling like mush and will probably take a nap watch tv meditate go to sleep early...Hope you and Princess have fun with the nephews and sis tonight!
Hiya. I'm at home watching The Two Ronnies Xmas special. Got my lovely gasfire on and am looking forward to a cosy evening. Have a great Friday evening sobernauts. IWNDWYT  
I have a friend coming into town whom I haven't seen in months. We're going out for tacos then our favorite bar to shoot some pool...Being around booze isn't a trigger for me. It's being alone and depressed that makes me want a drink. I'm happy (very happy) to report that my mood has been good for several months so no cravings.  Not sure if there are other alcoholics like me or not but I can happily hang out at bars all the time. Unfortunately it's just where people my age tend to hang out especially in the winter when parks aren't an option. 
I'm going to have a night on my PC playing DayZ... a game that you have to be super alert playing so maybe without a glass of wine I'll actually ace it lol
Picking my kids up off the bus ordering pizza then probably watching Doc McStuffins the rest of the night.
Not drinking and breathing are the only things that I have to do tonight.  :)..Thank you for your post.  I hear ya...1060 days.  Wow.  Very motivating and congrats!..iwndwyt..p.s.  actually having a nice dinner at home playing a bit of Assassin's Creed watching a bit of TV and having a nightcap of vanilla bean ice cream before I read quietly in bed.
gonna play an exit room game with the wife then put some time into dark souls remastered when she goes to bed.  what a nerd.
Congratulations on your more than 1000 days and thank you for sharing these tips! Definitely most helpful to avoid situations with alcohol. Tonight I'm making sesame chicken lettuce wraps for dinner and am going to watch Buffy which I discovered is on Hulu to my delight. Marathoning beloved shows from my adolescence has been helpful in my sobriety so far. Like spending time with an old friend.
I'm applying for a yearlong research fellowship in the middle of nowhere on the other side of the country and nervously awaiting an email from a job (also on the other side of the country) that I interviewed for a couple weeks ago on whether or not they want to hire me...A year ago the uncertainty and anxiety would've eaten at me until I drank myself into a state where I guaranteed nobody would risk taking a chance on me. Today I get to put my best foot forward. I still don't feel like I'm qualified for any of the things I'm applying for and I feel kind of like a fraud but I keep applying for these things and people keep giving them to me so maybe eventually it will start to feel more natural. Until then I'm just gonna keep my head down do my best and not drink.
Ate a delicious ribeye with my wife and daughter. Now going to watch a live rugby game on TV with a cup of mint tea and some water with fresh lime. 
I'm helping a friend move making some Greek food (planning a sailing trip there so I'm getting excited) and then going to bed early so I can go on an urban hike around Seattle in the AM!
Went to the gas station bought a snickers instead of a six pack.  Not the healthiest choice but it's better than beer.  Going to probably play some video games with my brother while my wife is at work then go to bed so I can get up early for the gym.  Haven't been to the gym before 2 on a Saturday in a long time.
[removed]
I'm going out for stir fry dinner with my teenaged son. I also have the Black Mirror movie on Netflix saved up to watch tonight. I'm going to stop at the supermarket and stock up on soda and something from the bakery for an early breakfast. I'm waking up early and plan on getting some writing done. Have a great night!
I'm 4 days sober and I'm spending my Friday night at home with tea chocolate and crafting! The urge is in me but Netflix and keeping my hands busy is helping! 
Working as a bartender tonight. Looking forward to making money and drinking diet Coke and ginger beer. Gunna come home nice and early rather than hang out and get drunk. Going to quietly slip into bed while my girlfriend sleeps rather than be loud inotoxcated and inconsiderate going to wake up peacefully next to my girlfriend rather than with a panic attack wondering why I slept alone. Going to enjoy my early morning rather than be depressed and ashamed and worrying about how I'm ruining my life. ..Sounds like a plan !..Iwndwyt
I'm going to the movies. Going to see Spiderverse. It's a movie that I don't necessarily care about but won't mind seeing. Wife's taking the kids and asked me if I wanted to come along. Normally I'd say no unless it's something I really want to see but I have nothing better to do tonight. I'm not drinking tonight so I don't have to worry about it cutting into my drinking time. It feels good to be free to say yes. I'm sure she appreciates it as well. 
I'm gonna re read this post till I go to sleep  
Late to the party but I have a plethora of tasty tea and a Phineas and Ferb marathon going on! Maybe I'll get to doing something crafty later :)
Making homemade vegetable broth that will turn into vegan tortilla soup a workout then some reading and early to bed! Was invited to see a friend who's in town but it's at a brewery and that doesn't sound safe.....&amp;#x200B;
Practiced some stick handling did some stretching gona take a shower and get in mu comfy robe and read tbe excellent book i started on tbe train this morning (jamaica inn)
