-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aclefo/6_months_today_and_i_feel_down/

I dont know if I was expecting to feel some sort of joy or pride or some kind of better understanding of myself and a light in the end of the tunnel. But I feel.. empty. Im tired cranky. Have been starting to get thoughts like "maybe I was just overanalyzing my drinking maybe Im not even addicted". I dont feel like going to work I dont feel like celebrating I dont feel like going to AA or therapy or excercising or stop eating junk food. I also do not feel like drinking. I want to be happy or at least feel comfortable with myself. But I dont feel like Ive the hope for that like Im just supposed to be this restless soul wandering around with no purpose or no me really. What the hell am I even? My whole adult life has just been bullshit lies and self hate. ..Dont know what I was going for with this post. I guess I just needed to vent somewhere even though I dont feel like I really want to talk about me. Feels easier to vent here right now. I guess somewhere I still feel like Im batteling for myself that I respect myself so much so at least I dont keep it all in I try. ..After all I have done a lot in 6 months. Ive learned a lot about alcohol how it has affected me how others struggle with addiction how I can avoid going further down the road with alcohol. How I can deal with stress at work. How I can deal with emotions. How to talk about things. How to take it easy how to take one step at a time and focus on what is most important for me right now.  Im just a bit overwhelmed about how much I still have to do. Loose weight follow a diet exercise get back to work on full-time finishing the 12-steps and try to live a normal life and stay sober I can never allow it slip my mind cause Im too scared to start drinking again. It all just doesnt sound very appealing to me right now I guess time will tell. 
----------immediate responses--------

I went through the same period of emptiness and depression between month 5 and month 10. Hold on and do things that are good for you and your sobriety in the meantime. It'll pass eventually.
Hang on my friend. I remember having a down time at around 6 months.  ..Just keep going one step at a time.  I'm sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
If I may add I find that accepting how I feel and being comfortable with the emotion allows my mind and body to relax.  For me if I think "okay I'm anxious tight now and that's cool" I feel a lot less anxious.   ..Regardless of how you feel about your 6 months I can tell you that's an excellent accomplishment! And I can tell you as a sober noob it isn't worth dabbling in alcohol again that's our addict brain trying to emerge once more.  ..Keep your head up and enjoy this adventure we call life. ..
Vent away friend. That's what we're here for!
