-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acm0k9/41_days_and_im_feeling_arrogant/

I've struggled with varying degrees of substance abuse since early teen years. (30f) I spent sometime in rehab in 2014 but that was for the  hard stuff' so I surely could still drink as long as I didn't do that. ..I haven't strung this many days together in quite sometime...I'm feeling great. Today I managed to get a killer workout in fed my family even tidied up a bit. My problem is now I feel deserved of a drink. Like see? I can function like an adult; now please give me back my wine...But NOPE...I am an alcoholic. ..I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing IWNDWYT
Sounds like an amazingly productive day - good going!
IWNDWYT 
NOPE indeed.    .    ."I deserve it" is a classic line from Donald (my addiction demon). As long as I am able to recognize his voice I'm good. There is no negotiating with Donald.
Keep going! You are doing amazingly. Every time I have allowed myself to be  rewarded' with an alcoholic drink I'm right back where I was.  This time it's different for me as I have made my commitment and know moderation never works so IWNDWYT   
Hi I am not in AA but I keep this quote close to me every single day....hope it helps..... The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death.  A.A. Chapter 3
You don't need that shit let's take life on sober..IWNDWYT
My thing is I don't feel like I deserve a drink I feel like I deserve not to drink (or actually burn in hell a lot of the time).  Yet the desire is always there and there isn't a thing I have found so far that can take the place or alcohol.  There may be things I can do to get my mind off of it but I'm certain that I won't ever be able to have that beautiful burn that I get from alcohol without going far off the deep end.  Just gotta slog through it and hope that eventually I stop obsessing over getting that feeling I get from alcohol.  Good luck.
Just remember how bad it will get if you take that first drink. I know it may be hard to remember but it does happen - and for me - speaking from experience - it gets worse and worse after every relapse to a point where you might not make it back.
[removed]
We have a similar story with rehab and drugs. I figured once I kick the hard stuff I can control my drink cause that's not my real problem. Well I went out and stayed out for 18 years.....Just the other night I was laying in bed thinking once you get you depression in check you can get back to social drinking... ..I no longer take my own advice...IWNDWYT 
I know the feeling all too well. I have experienced complacency before with my sobriety...it's like I was getting used to living without drinking and let my guard down. But we have to take those lessons and move forward with them.
IWNDWYT
You probably could just limit yourself to a drink or two. The first time. But the second time is going to come a lot faster than 41 days.  Good luck controlling that one. And the third...fuck you are back in it again. And now you have shame and failure fueling you. Remember the alcoholic brain is a trickster. And The easiest way back in is through arrogance. 
