-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acnuqe/over_a_year_sober_now/

I made a post a little over a year ago on this subreddit. I was trying to get sober. I had a few weeks of sobriety and would backslide and would find sobriety again. In the post I made a year ago I made a prediction that one day I would be a year sober and I would look back on that day. Well my year of sobriety came and went. I'm not going to say that life instantly came a million times better. I know a lot of people in AA will talk in this sort of blissful way about living in complete serenity and peace and if you're still struggling and unhappy you're not "doing it right"- but that's another post for another time. .But I did move out of my moms house to a different city- something that I wouldn't have been emotionally or mentally capable of a couple of years ago. I work a full time job which is also something I know for a fact I wouldn't have been able to do while still in my addiction. .I don't know I'm sorry for the wall I just want to take this chance to look back on what I've achieved so far and remind myself that I'm not failure. I'm able to make big things happen. And so are you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! You're an inspiration to me. Keep up the good work. 
Kudos to you - that's an awesome achievement!!
Great milestone and this is a good ritual i hope to be doing myself - thanks for the good wall :)
Congratulations! I hope you feel proud. I am proud of you that is an awesome achievement! 
Congrats!  It's a long journey but you nailed a big milestone!
You have accomplished a LOT in one year. Believe it or not it keeps getting better.
Clearly you should be very proud! Alcohol addiction is extremely hard to beat and you have got past a year. You mentioned that you have tried in the past relapsed and have come back to sobriety. This actually quite an accomplishment and there will be many more to come. .Congratulations!
Nice job you are an inspiration 
I think of sobriety as exactly the way I lived when I was sixteen...I still struggled with things and I wasn't the way I wanted to be. I gained ten pounds. I sucked at social skills. I didn't practice my hobbies enough or got too frustrated with things quickly. My bathroom stayed unclean for a bit...But it was life and it was real. The good times were real. The bad times were real. Sometimes I hit goals. Those were real...Don't belittle your accomplishments. It's life. It's real.
It's incredible how the little achievements start to slowly pile up until one day you look back take a deep breath and sigh with that glow of a job well done. Your post is an inspiration. Thank you for checking in and sharing this milestone with us.
I hear you brother. Congratulations this is amazing!
IWNDWYT 
Thank you for this  
Well done!
Your own home in a new city in full employment: you rocked 2018 OP. Let's not drink together today.
Moved home.Moved to a new city .New full time job..Well those are all massive things for everybody especially all three in a year let alone for someone in new sobriety. You should be pretty proud of yourself talk about life changing 
Wow! I just woke up and now I'm seeing all these comments. Y'all are awesome. Thank you for your kind words- it really makes me feel awesome. I'm working hard and I'm trying to provide a better future and life for myself and I know one day it'll all be worth it. .Anyway You guys made my day. Thank you.
