-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acnylu/should_i_give_my_friends_advance_notice_im_not/

My former roommate/friend's birthday is coming up. This woman was my best friend soul sister and married me (officiated my wedding). She was my biggest drinking buddy and partner in crime. We talked many times about alcoholism and addiction and genetics but somehow always assumed that wouldn't happen to us even though we are prime candidates?? ..We had a fight she ghosted me out of nowhere for a month after pretending things were ok for a month. I literally felt like I had been broken up with and didn't know why (and drank a lot to cope). We kind of made up but it irreversibly changed the dynamic of our relationship mostly because there's a part of me that just can't forgive her for how she treated her supposed best friend and get over it...When I told her I quit drinking after we made up and it looked like things were going back to normal between us she was happy for me. I recommended she read *This Naked Mind* which she did and said it was life changing. But she must have gotten other things out of it than I did because her attempt at a sober month only lasted a couple days and went right back to her habits whereas I quit after finishing it and haven't gone back. I'm sure this is also kind of why we continued to grow apart her drinking makes me uncomfortable because I know she's struggling the same way I was and I wish her the peace that I've found and she stopped inviting me out probably because my sobriety makes her uncomfortable. There's a third roommate/friend that is part of the group (also part of our former drinking squad) but not as codependent as we were...So the plan for her birthday is a brewery crawl which is predictable. I really haven't talked to either of them more than the casual 'how are you' for 4.5 months or so since our last non-drinking pool party together. I'm fully intending to go and have fun and I'm confident I won't drink and will be taking loads of sober security drinks. But I'm wondering if I should make clear before that I'm a non-drinker now (last time we talked about it it was only a sober month) so I can volunteer to DD or something or at least so they can mentally prepare or if bringing it up might make things awkward. I can just as easily tell them I'm not drinking on the day of and not make it a big deal. But that doesn't sit right with me. So I'm looking for other unaffiliated opinions.
----------immediate responses--------

I think offering to be the DD would be a really wonderful additional birthday gift! I'm going to offer to be the DD at an annual trip that's coming up soon and I figure it will be accepted with grace and gratitude. Definitely go with the DD option!
I don't see why you would need to announce anything at all. Go along and enjoy yourself just order what drink you'd like. No need to explain.
I don't think you need to announce it other thing to think about is if you do say you are the designated driver you can't have an escape plan for when it gets messy. Good luck and not drinking with you today 
Such an announcement would not relieve you from having to say no to offered drinks. People don't have to and won't remember. This would also sort of make someone else's birthday about you. ..Just go and practice being at parties sober. Also you really don't have to explain why you don't need a drink and what is in your glass. For those who still ask why rehearse a light-hearted answer like  I am a taking a long break. Feeling really good lately! What you've been up to? .
I tell folks "I'm retired from drinking." It makes me look like I've been-there done-that without seeming like a total lush or a teetotaler. I don't go around broadcasting it but I definitely make it clear.
Just relax and go to party. Don't announce anything. You chose what you drink. If someone ask just say that you don't drink anymore. I do it like that. More you explain more you get into discussion you want to escape. And yes I was DD at freaking new year party :) Jesus seeing some of my friends drunk and with hangover next day just firmed my decision to stay sober. While they were drinking aspirin for headache I was fresh like a flower at the first day of the new year :) Just relax and have a good time! IWNDWYT!!!
I don't see any need to announce it. Just go along don't drink and enjoy yourself. 
