-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad5uzu/thank_you_from_a_long_time_lurker/

I come from a long line of people with mental and substance abuse problems and the resulting early deaths from heart attacks suicides strokes and overdoses...Over the holidays I finally became an aunt in my late 40's to a happy healthy nephew which is as close as I will ever come to having children of my own...The first time I held him I knew I wanted to do everything I could to be in his life for as long as possible...This is such a positive supportive honest space and I've very much appreciated all the personal stories (including the struggles) and suggestions which have all been so powerful and motivating...This is the first time in 20 years I'll be able to say I spent a weekend completely sober and it's thanks to all of you...IWNDWYT.....
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Glad to have you here :). Congrats with your nephew! IWNDWYT
Much love from a fellow auntie! I have two nephews - one is two and one is four - so it is a recent addition to my life too. When they see me they treat me like a celebrity! It is such a pure and loving connection. ..Congratulations on the new - and best title ever - Auntie! ..And congratulations on the first steps into sobriety. This decision is a big deal and I'm proud of you! 
Aunt - Like a mom only cooler!..Welcome and congratulations!!!     ..I never got to be a mom but I am a good Aunt. Now through my sobriety journey I'm becoming a better Aunt. ..I will sober on with you today!  
Hello and welcome to SD. I relate strongly to your story. For me it was 30+ years daily drinking. I did 100+ dry days last year then went down the moderation slippery slope...I am back to my first dry weekend for quite some months and I am feeling confident and learnt from my mistake...At 100 dry days I sort of felt I was 'fixed'. I stopped coming to SD and I was lost drowning at sea until I came back here 5 days ago...On the 'daily check in thread' I've noticed so many people with 1000s of dry days are still checking in to SD and confirming their commitment...Collectively our SD is one of the most incredible 'solution' for everyone one of us who have had a drink problem...Great you've got your first dry weekend in. It does get easier I found because by now all the poison is out your body and it's just mind games from now...I will not drink with you today wtw.
Welcome and huge congrats!!
Congrats! I have also used my 10 month old niece as many of the reasons why I will continue to stay sober. I want to watch her grow up and actually remember it and be the best possible role model for her. IWNDWYT. 
Even if you stay in the shadows this is such a great place. I go through periods of more and less activity but I always lurk at least a little. ..In the early days I was on here nonstop. Welcome and I will not drink with you today!
Another 40s Auntie here! My nieces and nephews are now in their terrible teens and it's good to be able to be a steady Eddie presence when their parents have had enough and need reinforcements. ..IWNDWYT! 
Hi! Thank you so much for sharing. Congratulations on becoming an Aunt! I also was gifted with a beautiful nephew on December 2nd. Part of the reason I decided to stop drinking was that I never ever want him to have to see my drunk or hung over. He deserves my full presence and attention and I know that alcohol keeps me in bed longer in shittier moods and just generally slows me down. I'm 3 weeks sober and while it's been hard during Christmas New Years and my birthday which was 2 days ago it also feels incredibly rewarding and empowering. Congrats and keep it up! Progress not perfection. 
IWNDWYT
Congrats! Being a sober auntie is the best! Good for you!
