-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad7pdq/day_4_sober_not_long_but_im_still_proud/

Hello everyone this is my first ever post on Reddit and I felt it should definitely be on here. ..Today is my fourth day sober. It doesn't sound like a lot but for me it is. For the past few years I've been drinking spirits most nights to excess and like most people I didn't think I would ever have a problem.. until I did. ..I got to a point where I tried so many different things to stop with multiple failed attempts across so many months and nothing was working. Then I realised I really needed to do it for myself not for everyone else around me. And that brings me to today. On the 1st of January I decided I needed to be better for me my well-being and mental health. I failed straight away and drank on the 2nd but something was different I felt absolutely no enjoyment from drinking and it hit me that I had finally taken myself seriously when I made the promise to myself to stop. ..My sleeping pattern has been awful for the past few days I've currently been awake for 28 hours and within that time I've managed to work a shift in a bar and be around alcohol without the temptation to have a few drinks after I finished. Big achievement for me. Regardless of how much I am struggling with not drinking and the withdrawal I am facing this has to be where I reclaim my life to live freely not controlled by a substance that turns me into somebody I don't even know anymore. ..Here's to a sober 2019 and I wish all of you the best of luck with your journeys and recovery. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it and welcome to the sub. I began much like you in 2018 and life is good. IWNDWYT 
You have every right to be proud!
Sounds awesome!  That sleep will come inevitably.  Took me a week to get a handle on mine.  IWNDWYT 
Good job. Day 5 here. Let's do this thing!
I also failed immediately after setting my goals for 2019 and tasted nothing but disappointment whilst finishing the leftovers of an NYE bottle...I wondered why I felt the need to drink because my goal is so clear and the potential upside so great...It reaffirmed my intentions IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
One thing that popped into my head as I was thinking about "just xx days" is that day 4 or day 4000 can be equally as difficult. There are no "only" days.
Excellent work. IWNDWYT. ;)
Everyone starts at the beginning. Starting is the most critical part of the journey.
Good job! I'm back to day 1. I can't keep doing this
I'm doing Dry January.  I didn't drink New Years Eve so I'm on day 7 of sobriety.  I often (in my many failed attempts at long term sobriety) am able to string 4 5 6 maybe 10 alcohol free days together but I rarely get far beyond that.  I think the last time I went a whole month was probably around 5 years ago.  So this month will be a challenge...and a much needed change.  I'm hoping a month's worth of dry days will provide me with the incentive to keep right on going with it.  I know a month isn't long compared to how long I've been abusing alcohol but I think it will be long enough to see some benefit.  My sleep is still really bad right now but I'm hoping that will improve during this hiatus.  I'm also hoping I will see an increase in energy mental clarity and motivation...and a decrease in depression and anxiety.  Even small gains in these areas would be inspiring.  I seriously can't imagine things wouldn't be at least bit better after a month...I think we can do this.  I'm here if you need some support and encouragement.  So is everyone else.  Let's do it.  IWNDWYT.
Welcome.  The early days are the big ones.  Four days that's big.        We all are not drinking in the same 24 hour period.  One day at a time. .To thine own self be true.  
I am proud of you to. 
Every single day is something to be proud of! ..IWNDWYT!
I'm going the same thing.  Stopped on 1st drank again on 4th  but sober now for 3 days.  Longest time in awhile
I get it how the (relatively) small number of days doesn't seem significant. One of my methods of accountability is to mention how many days I've made it and get a high five from my wife. I mentioned to her it seems a little silly to celebrate such a small number. Her reply was that it's small now but you can't get to 30 without having 3 and you can't get to 300 without having 30. These are the most important days in our recovery I think they're the basis and foundation for the road we've started on and continue to travel. Keep up the good work! IWNDWYT
4 is awesome! Doesn't matter if it seems like it's not that long. Every day counts and is an achievement. That's 4 days of your life you got back I don't think you can put a price on that.
Today is also day four for me and like you I've worked in a bar all weekend. I've been going to meetings and staying on track. I will not drink with you today!
Every day matters. You are valuable.  IWNDWYT!! 
4 days is great.  The first week is the hardest and you are more than halfway !!.Keep strong and sober Iwndwyt 
Congrats! Day 9 here. we got this. IWNDWYT
Great job! Keep up the good work. One day at a time. 
Good job on 4 days it's hard at first but worth it. The more you stay sober the more you'll see your perspective shift.
4 days as well! We're twins!
&gt;Not long..33% longer than where you were yesterday. The day is almost over so soon you'll be at #5.
Almost a week! Your future self will thank you for it. 
congrats!!...It gets easier day by day. I remember the first time I tried getting sober after years of heavy drinking ( lasted 78 days)  it was rough but I just read a lot and binge ate everything until I went to sleep. one day at a time!!
It really does get easier. Imagine how you're going to feel a month from now.   .Most importantly if you're serious about it don't just take a rest and decide one or two won't hurt because it will. Good luck! 
HEY! nice job buddy. I worked in a liquor store for the first 2 months of my sobriety. I also had that feeling of no desire for alcohol completely to my core. You got this!..&amp;#x200B;
Day 4 as well! Keep moving forward!
Keep up the good work one day at a time.
First part's the hardest. Good luck; sounds like you got this.
Congrats on 4 days my friend. Things will get easier soon. Just remember how rough these first days are and make sure you never have to go through that hell again. ..Just finished day 10 here and believe me when I say that I haven't slept this well in years. The withdrawls will fade just stay determined...One day at a time and fuck the zero. 
I'm new to this. Is sleep deprivation a symptom of withdrawals? 
Well done keep building it day by day!
Same as the comment above. It can be. I usually wake up at 7-8am and I've only just woke up after a few hours sleep at 5:30pm. It will vary from person to person though will never be the same for everyone. 
