-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad8qv6/third_weekend_done/

Am at the end of day 16 and all is well. We are still on vacation so today I enjoyed a little snorkelling... ordering a coke has become almost reflexive and I've had nothing resembling a real craving. Sleeping a lot but that is part of what a vacation is for! Off to the desert tomorrow.....I'm still reading others' stories and posts - it really helps to know I am not alone in this. I'm very aware that nothing is to be taken for granted and that relapses happen but as I head into my third week I have to say that I am very pleased. ..I have imagined myself as a non-drinker and I am ok with it. What always worried me was how to get there and stay there. I have lots of friends who don't drink for various reasons so I am just joining their club. It is a much nicer place to be for sure! ..IWNDWYT!!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! 
Way to go    being hungover sucks..IWNDWYT or tomorrow.
Just returned from a sunny tropical vacation to a place we frequent and for the first time ever I vacationed here without drinking a drop. Vacations are for restoration and relaxation away from the daily grind. In previous years I would use it as an excuse to drink. Now I look at it differently. Vacation is a time to restore my mind body and soul and I cannot do that with alcohol. I have also envisioned myself as a non drinker but have been scared of that change in the past for various reasons. Now I'm okay with it (more than I ever have been) and am excited to enter this new year with the toxicity of alcohol. Congrats to you on a sober vacation and best wishes for the new year! 
Vacation for me was relapse time. In fact the most recent relapse was on a vacation during xmas. I can't wait to be a non drinker on a vacation soon! Going to France in March with a friend who has never drank and has no desire (mind boggling for a person with a bad relationship with alcohol). No hangover wasted days actually tasting food not just drunkenly gobbling more time to snooze and rest rather than pass out and feel terrible the lack of  horrible taste in my mouth after a night of drinks - I'm looking forward to that :)
