-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adc9od/trying_again/

Hello all!.I've decided recently to make another real go at putting down the bottle. I'm relatively young (24) but my alcohol has been an issue ever since I started at around 15. It's gotten to the point where I've nearly completely isolated myself I don't have any real friends. On top of that my relationship with my parents has really gotten bad for obvious reasons. Pressures at the work have ramped up as well knowing I need to show up and produce has just filled me with this intense dread. My MO has been to come home from work and almost immediately start drinking in an attempt to tune it all out. Then the morning comes and we start all over. Sometimes I spend the entire day thinking about how I need to stop only to go right back to it when 5 o clock comes around. I recently split with my girlfriend too the fallout has been harder than I expected. I just don't know how to keep going on like this. I'm absolutely miserable. I think the loneliness is probably the worst part. I've always been the quiet introverted type always have a hard time making meaningful connections. Sometimes I feel like an alien. Even to myself. .So I don't know what I was hoping to accomplish with this post. I've lurked on and off this sub for a while. Sometimes I don't know if reading all the submissions makes me feel better or worse but that's probably besides the point. .I guess what I was really wondering was how some of you scraped up the motivation to change. To get yourself to those meetings and to keep coming back. I've felt that I needed to go to AA for a while I'm just so freakin anxious about the whole thing. I don't know if I'm scared to change or to be vulnerable in front of a bunch of strangers. I think both. .Thanks for reading this long rambling post. Part of me is slightly embarrassed. Very grateful for any replies. .TLDR: needs to stop drinking struggling with motivation. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man you sound similar to me especially with the whole "alien" thing. I have no real advice for you as I'm only just trying to give up but I'm 36 and realise that just carrying on down our path was not the right decision. I know I'll be fine if I manage to give up now but I'd have maybe enjoyed some of my younger years more if I'd got there sooner. Good luck man I for one am rooting for you! 
I have really bad social anxiety so I was terrified to go to an AA meeting. I ended up going to a few months ago (I tried to quit drinking once before). I went to "Open Speaker" meetings. You don't have to talk at all. Someone tells their story and that's it. I sat in the back and just listened. I haven't gotten the courage to go to an AA meeting this time around yet. It is difficult to find motivation sometimes. I believe in ya! 
I am just starting off too and am only a couple years older than you and had similar habits in my mid twenties. I think a big thing you might consider is how much easier it will be to take on the issues you mention if you are feeling your best - in periods where I've quit drinking in the past I have found that work stress is more tolerable for example because I am well rested and feeling stronger/more resilient. That said I know it's tempting to grab a drink as a quick fix for the pressures you describe. I hope you give it a try. IWNDWYT.
I love AA.  It saved my life.  They were really welcoming and warm.
