-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adcexq/chronic_relapse_and_how_to_restart/

Hello everyone I am new here and really like what I've read so far. I figured reaching  out and being active in this group is probably better for me than lurking and keeping quiet. ..I have been a daily drinker for the last 6 or so years but it's been in the last 2 years that life has started falling apart. 2018 was particularly awful; I almost lost my husband and my kids because of drinking I've had to go on disability from my job and I've caused a lot of hurt and emotional damage to myself and others. ..I have been to rehab twice; first for 28 days and the second for 35. I've been to a 10 day inpatient detox facility 3 times.  All within the past year. And each time I relapsed within a week of discharge. ..Each morning I wake up and feel optimistic and strong. I promise myself it will be a sober day but more times than not I break that promise. ..I've tried AA and while I know many find it helpful and it is the  mainstream  method of support I find that it just isn't for me for reasons that I won't get into right now. I'm more inspired by SMART recovery or LifeRing but am limited to online interaction as there are no meetings in my area. ..I feel like I have all of the information re: addiction and recovery but I guess I don't know how to apply it. I've read several recovery books have gone to counselling and am very genuine when I say I want to live sober.  What I have a problem with is obviously making it stick. .. I am so poor at resisting; I give in to the desire to drink almost daily without even putting up much of a fight. My addict voice has me completely convinced that things will not spiral out of control again and that I can manage.  I KNOW this is not the case so why on earth cant I seem to build up the courage to just accept the discomfort of quitting and trust that recovery and sobriety is infinitely better? ..I'm quite frustrated with myself. I wonder if there are any others here who struggled with chronic relapse and what finally worked. It's not that I'm unmotivated; I have many reasons to quit drinking. ..Any advice and input is greatly appreciated :) 
----------immediate responses--------

More than likely we have ALL struggled with relapses! For me to finally be successful I just did it. I didn't over think the drinking thing I just did the what can I do to NOT thinking too much about the drinking thing. I spent time here - a ton of it - which would seem counter productive but reading everyone's posts took my mind off of drinking. I talked openly and honestly with my SO.  "Witching Hour" was difficult each day so when it started to get close to 5 PM (not that it really mattered what time it was if I wanted a drink I found a way) and the voices started clammering I scooped up the dog grabbed the SO and took a ride around town for 30 mins. Listened to the radio talked and let go. Got home and it was easier to get through the night. All these little things I just went with in the early days to avoid drinking.  Filled my time big and small things. And all the while tons of time here. ..You are in good company we have all been where you are right now. You can do this!!!
[removed]
I'd consider maybe an outpatient treatment program.  I'd hate to think that the right face-to-face experience might not be right around the next corner.  ..That's the program I signed up for anyways and it  turned out to be the slice of humanity that was just right for me.  I was self admit but they were mostly from all stages of the criminal justice system.  Those sons and daughters of bitches and bastards  managed to have enough left over from their stack of problems to show support and empathy for their fellow enrollees in the room.  It taught me a lot about tackling one problem at a time.
