-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adcx6g/easy_way_to_stop_drinking_by_allen_carr/

I found this book INCREDIBLY helpful. The AA Higher Power and overarching theme doesn't resonate with me and I was looking for some alternatives. This book challenges a lot of what AA states and I found it really logical and convincing on why I should quit. The willpower method works for some alcoholics but it never has with me. I could quit for a couple days a few weeks even a couple months a handful of times... but I always ended up craving drinking eventually. I believed it to be fun enjoyable and a great hobby. Not to mention normal. After all it's one of society's favorite pastimes. ..Easy Way really challenges those beliefs in a logical and concise way. It also presented the trap of alcohol use in a very different way than I had ever thought of. That there actually is a cure... and that alcoholics aren't completely predisposed and doomed. That the underlying desire to drink can be instantly and permanently removed with the right understanding...I have been a heavy drinker for around 20 years. Didn't drink every day but when I did it was 10-12 7% IPA 3 to 4 days a week the past 4 years or so. I never thought I'd be able to not crave alcohol or not feel deprived of it but since listening to this audiobook (which is great because you can listen to it at anytime easily especially as a periodic refresher) I can say I simply don't crave it. It's not some feat of willpower or any feeling of immense sacrifice... I simply don't desire it. ..If you haven't read/listened to this book and are struggling highly recommend it.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree.  I did the audio book also and listened to it over 5 days or so.  I tend to think very logically so the perspective it offers on what we're going through was really helpful.   
I've listened to the audiobook many times. I like his logical approach but he thinks we can continue to drink and logic our way into not wanting to. Doesn't quite work that way when I wanted alcohol logic went out the window.
This book blows.
His original book was about smoking "Easyway to stop smoking".  ...Its Incredibly effective I was a long term smoker who couldn't quit literally read this book and stopped cold easy - that was 16 years ago and I've never been tempted to smoke again. Take a look at the reviews on Amazon I'm one of many many many people he's cured of smoking.  ...So I have owned his Alcohol book and if I ever want to quit drinking for good I'll read it I'm saving it for that day but for now I'm only here for Dry Jan.
I'm about half way through it. I've wanted to quit for so long (very similar stats to the OP) but have struggled to find the right strategy. This book is making a ton of sense to me and helping a lot. The only other time I was successful in quitting was a few years ago for about six months and the cravings were much more intense just using willpower. They hardly exist for me this time around. Looking forward to finishing it.
Looks like he has many books. I'm seeing "easy way to control alcohol" is that it? I dont see easy way to stop drinking available on audiobook 
100% endorse this. The re-framing of addiction as something that can be solved as opposed to a permanent disease is powerfully destigmatizing. ..Also Annie Grace author of This Naked Mind another incredibly helpful book/audiobook cites Carr as a significant influence. 
I'm currently reading through This Naked Mind will move on to this book next. Thank you!
One of my favorites. This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is another in the same vein as that one. ..I will not drink with you today
I can find  the easy way to stop drinking for women   Audio book  but I'm having trouble finding the audiobook for just  the easy way to stop drinking   . Does anyone have a link they can share . 
&gt;10-12 7% IPA..I can relate to that...
Excellent book!! It really made sense for me too. A big part of this being effective for me was that I did want to stop just had trouble having the willpower to stop. This helped to see alcohol for the nasty poison it is. The idea that there are "normal" drinkers was a big obstacle for me personally. Once I realized there really aren't normal drinkers... just drinkers on a different level of the steady slow decline down the trap it really did change the way I saw alcohol use. Highly reccommend!!!! 
Thanks so much ! Just purchased it 
Same here.  Totally agree with the OP.  Reading it is changing my perspective - the concepts are sticking.  Might check out the audio book for a different approach but loving the book in general.
