-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ade5bd/day_1_again_done_being_afraid/

I always relapse around the holidays. But this year I've been blacking out.. a LOT. I don't know what happened last night after my gig. I stormed off after telling my girlfriend to fuck off. I took a Lyft home from the other side of town around 4 but don't know how I got to that area in the first place. I know I fucked things up with the venue. I need to do something I've never done and that's give up playing gigs and my current friend group. I don't know what horrible things I may have done. I don't know what I may have said. If it's anything like the last few blackouts.. it's bad. Time to leave my old habits. It's all a catalyst right into drinking. Time to get back into meetings and really do this. Selling my music gear next week and just focusing on work sobriety and family...It all changes today. I will not go back to living that way. This is all that matters now.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here - you're in the right place!..Focusing on sobriety can take many forms and it seems like you've got a good idea of what those forms are for you. Godspeed!
Giving up music seems drastic.  There are a lot of musicians in recovery and music is as big of a part of their lives as ever.  They even have aa groups for musicians.  You don't have to plan it all out now.  Plan on staying sober today and tomorrow and take it from there.
Welcome glad you're here. That stripped-down focus is oddly soothing I've found. I will not drink with you today. 
I used to say a lot of mean stuff. Pure filth. Looking back what did I expect? Poison in poison out. ..I hope you find a new relationship with your music. I know I did. Intoxicants isn't what made the music. I did and still do. ..Becoming honest with myself cutting the bullshit and excuses becoming accountable to others and utilizing support groups is what I did and still do. However I was also a lucky one to have a moment of self realization in the beginning that absolved me of all want to ingest intoxicants. ..Good luck. 
Welcome back. My sympathies on the wicked shame spiral you are no doubt experiencing. Good news is that it will not always feel like this. ..Go you get your ass back on that horse!..
