-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adfg3e/how_do_i_do_it/

How do I just stop drinking when my entire existence for the past five years basically revolved around being the fun party girl who was always down for anything? I know I need to stop (I'm already six days in) because I've gotten myself into more dangerous situations than I can count and basically cheated death a handful of times because of my binge blackout drinking that I was famous for. It's not what I WANT to be known for but I also REALLY don't want to be known as a boring prude (kind of what I was known for being back in middle school/high school)..... I'm just really struggling with accepting this. I want nothing more to be like what I perceived alcohol would make me (more fun outgoing confident)... but I know that while yes alcohol helped with that when I first started drinking the negative effects came along shortly after... but even situations where I could have easily killed myself or someone else from driving drunk or been kidnapped/murdered from being too drunk to function and lost in a strange city (thank god for Good Samaritans who helped me to my hotel) weren't enough to keep me from chasing those initial feelings that came the first few times I ever drank..how do I become like this with no help from alcohol? Ugh I basically have to quit too because my parents were kind of involved in a really scary incident that happened on NYE and they said they'd quit drinking with me if it would help me stop. I feel like absolute shit for worrying them sick with my drinking and I know I should be grateful for such loving and supportive parents but it's a lot of pressure... I can't fuck this up
----------immediate responses--------

There is a great book called the unexpected joy of being sober by Catherine Grey. It's like a mirror  of your story. She kicked alcohol after being that party girl. Rather than finding herself to be boring she found some many aspects of herself she never knew existed. I think we are never really happy unless we are ourselves. Fear of being boring is a trick that alcohol plays to keep us drinking. The truth is alcohol makes our world incredibly small and dark. Don't be scared be brave!! Iwndwyt 
Losing that identity is hard. But it can be pretty peaceful. You are someone without that identity. Someone who can be so much more. You won't care about it too much after awhile and feel much more on solid ground. Look forward to finding out who you are without all that. I do. Iwndwyt. 
I am doing it one day at a time!  I am not who I use to be I am free. ..I have never woke up regretting that I didn't drink the day before.  But I have woke up many times wishing I had never even had my first drink. ..I recommend reading  This Naked Mind .  It really helped me with realizing who I was when I was drinking was not the real me.  It also covers the social aspect of drinking.  Or in my case drinking into oblivion. ..I wish you the best on your journey.  Just know that you are not alone.  ..IWNDWYT ..
A lot of it has to do with your perception.  If you think you are boring if you expect to have a bad time guess what you will.  If you go into situations with an open mind and and positive attitude you will be suprised.  Alcohol doesn't make us funnier or more interesting it just lowers our expectations of ourselves so that we think we are those things.  Be kind to yourself as you start to view yourself clear eyed and not through the filter of beer goggles.  I'm sure you will find something beautiful! IWNDWYT. 
