-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adlgi8/a_question_for_those_in_the_early_days/

I hope you may find this a little useful it's a tool I used in the early days and now I use it for moments of stress and fear. ..It's pretty simple- when you are struggling or in a bad place with a craving or some mental pain ask yourself 'what can I do right now to help myself?'..'What can I do right now to help myself?'..I hope it helps you as much as it helped me. Good luck be with you:-) :-)
----------immediate responses--------

Today is another Day One. I'm determined to make it my last if it means giving it up forever then that's what it takes...Here's a quote I wrote on an index card last night:.."Take it one day at a time and suddenly it's three weeks later. Procrastinate one day at a time and suddenly it's three weeks later."
For the last few years after daily drinking I have found that I wake up every morning between 2 and 4am in absolute terror and find myself clamping my hands together and praying to the Lord to save me. Eventually I would calm down and drift back off to sleep but when I then woke again around 10am I'd shiver and shake through a coffee or two and then go straight out to the pub. Some days I'd even skip the coffee. I am fearful right now but in terms of doing something to help myself I know the only thing I can do is to not drink.
So what were some of the answers you thought of?.. I think I really relied too much on long term maintenance strategies. Like I know meetings and exercise and meditation help make it *less likely* that I will be anxious or my mind start wandering into old habitual thoughts. But I don't think I developed the skills to deal with it when it happened anyway. ..When I was in AA for some reason I never once called my sponsor when I really should have. I would just call to chat when things were ok.  That was crazy like only calling a doctor when youre fine!  But by the time I got to that point where I was desperate it was like the fuse was lit and I didn't want anyone to talk me out of it. I've got to figure out a way to change this. Any advice is appreciated. ..But I've  promised myself I will at the least read three random posts here if I feel myself about to lose control. 
adding on:.."Will this still feel like a problem in 5 years/1 year/1 month/tomorrow?" ..The things that are causing you stress worry and pain are often temporary. It's hard to switch off the emotions and thoughts that perpetuate the cycle of anxiety. I find this question is useful for helping me accept that many of the problems I have are temporary and can be resolved with time and effort. 
