-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adnba8/start_of_the_day_post_knowing_its_a_tough_one/

Today is a day of parting and grief. Hopefully temporary but that's not certain. ..I will not drink today. ..But i will be doing the feelings. ..I do need help to stay grounded with those. ..I'm inviting all the support and advice and acronymns and stories you all have. ..Because it's been a wholesome ritual to do that here for 81 days. ..Because i trust you. ..Because i trust this human tribe to be kind and to understand the struggle. ..Because i trust me to find resources and strategies to stand tall in the face of my fear. ..And because i do believe in intention and ritual and community (even though it kinda makes me vomit in my mouth a little  ) ..Tl;Dr thank you for hearing me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing!  You are strong snd courageous to resist that first drink!  IWNDWYT
Sojayn I believe in you your power will and grit. You are doing awesome work. For the whole day with its ups and downs I will not drink with you!
I remember you! You're an aspiring writer quite good. Also your flair looks lovely on ya! Mine took a few dents and i've gained a bit more konwledge. In just a few months it will be 2 years since I started down the sobriety path and I can say that this past year was quite delightful with sprinkles of heartache loss and relapses. Most importantly I've learned that I am not a drinker anymore. After I detoxed this last time I had a good giggle about my very sober decision to have just a few shots on a saturday morning while I cleaned out a closet.... i'll go ahead and fast forward to after the blackout. I woke up around 5 pm I had drank the entire fifth given away a good portion of my clothing to my mother and sister I had actually cleaned the closet. I remembered absolutely none of it.  What a silly little messy me. I giggled because my actions were so lighthearted but the anxiety I felt simmering beneath my skin was anything but light. The voice in my head assured me that another shot would make it better.... I know how it goes. I hadnt had a hangover in roughly ten years you dont get hung over if you never stop drinking right.  But I had stopped drinking I just had a very mild case of the hiccups. I've tried to find the joy of drinking in the most mundane tasks what I found once again is that I am the joy in the mundane tasks and drinking just makes me wanna be sober...Are you still writing?
Most days I'm quite well. I've healed mentally physically and emotionally from the damage I blindly inflicted on myself. It's not much of a struggle anymore. Mostly I have to remind myself that it is not safe for me to drink. No matter how long I refrain one drink is always the entire bottle. ..For me I'm focused  on being the best me. I look forward to dating again even though I've never been sober in a relationship before. I love me again so it's easier to accept that others love me too. I'm beautiful and I'm not mad about that anymore...It's unfortunate that so many of us are connected by such a wretched thing but what a blessing it is to have people who understand and don't judge harshly. I hope today is a better day for you!!
