-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ado0dj/anyone_work_as_a_professional_in_the_alcohol/

I've had a thriving career in wine and plan to grow in my industry; but I would say that 80% or my life struggles or missed life goals are from alcohol abuse. It is very difficult to reduce alcohol use particularly among your colleagues. Abstaining seems to suggest you are having issues where you NEED to reduce. I've seen it brought up a number of times when someone suddenly wants to "stop drinking" or "take a break" and then they are talked about as to whether or not there is a "problem there". I've decided it's acceptable to not to the lunch shots or even the work dinner shots and I won't get too much crap.  It does put me outside of the "in-crowd" though and can limit my opportunity to be in on projects or get advancement. And I love to drink which is how I ended up doing so well at what I do so when we open another amazing bottle or take a shot with a great client who just showed up and wants to get sloshed I'm all in. But I've made embarrassing mistakes; its been a tough year. Does anyone else have experience with this? I am embarrassed to post this so please show some mercy and don't judge too hard. 'I know you drink for a living must be so hard etc etc etc.'
----------immediate responses--------

There have been a number of people voicing similar situations here on SD; a quick search at top right brought back [these results](https://old.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=bartender&amp;restrict_sr=on).
Can I ask what it is you like about alcohol if you work in the industry? Reading this naked mind for me really changed my relationship with alcohol. I think you'll see many people around here discussing it as the poison it is. I don't think I would make it in an industry where I had to ignore that truth. ..There are many excuses to use; they all work for a short time (on antibiotics driving tonight/in the morning headache already had enough etc).   If you don't call too much attention to it people probably wouldn't notice if you were quietly cutting back. But it sounds like you're ready to make some more permanent changes- I wish you the best of luck. It may be hard but the strength of others here always amazes me! I hope someone who works in the industry still sees and comments.
I am a beer sales rep idk what the wine game is like but because of the extremely casual atmosphere surrounding craft beer alcoholism has become socially acceptable and joked about often. Pretty much 90% of beer reps I know would be considered alcoholics and it is just normal for us. Today is (technically) day 7 for me although I had a beer at my event on Friday because what do you know it was poured for me as soon as I sat down at the bar. ..It is hard to be sober in this industry for many reasons. Not just  willpower  and I never thought I'd say this but not drinking actually makes you look *bad* in this industry. I'm supposed to go to accounts and order my breweries beer. I'm supposed to drink my own beer when I sample out to accounts. I'm supposed to drink beer at my events. I also need to know the product I am selling and as an industry that is heavily based around relationships the want to know what you think about the beer you're selling. And other breweries beer. I know so many bartenders at so many bars they know the brewery I rep and automatically pour me one when I walk in. It's been tough navigating this. ..And you're right abstaining points to there being a problem. I got many looks when I said I wasn't drinking but chalked it up to  I'm doing a dry January   which a lot of reps do because December is so crazy. ..I don't have any advice for you but we share the same struggle. 
