-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adp88n/i_screwed_up_majorly_and_i_feel_horrible_i_need/

I relapsed recently after some on and off sobriety. My professional board ordered that I check into inpatient rehab. I did a lot of time there and was due to get out this Tuesday but I relapsed this weekend at rehab and was caught. ..My professional life is fucked and they're asking me to do another 90 days before I can approach getting back to work. That stretch of time ahead of me and the cost is so daunting...I feel so much despair. I feel hopeless. I want to cry. I'll be sober today but everything hurts so bad...Anyone have some words of advice?
----------immediate responses--------

As hard as it may be to stay clean now the long term payoff will be huge. It sounds like you work in a good profession and getting things together now may open up a world of opportunities later. You're here so you want to get sober. And you definitely can by focusing on just a day at a time.
I struggled with consistent sobriety until I started looking at the positive benefits of sobriety (over resisting the fun of booze).  It is a lot easier for me to do the right thing when that also happens to be what I want to do...I also started working on my sobriety like it was my second job.  I put in hours and hours each day on books podcasts and commenting like this on SD.  Before I was doing the bare minimum to behave but now it is above and beyond to achieve the dream.  And that has been all the difference...Hang in there.
Keep at it. There is light at the end of the tunnel. Many of us do not have the option to go to rehab. I would be fired from my job if they knew I was an alcoholic or went to rehab.  I have been blessed to make it this far with SD being my only support.  You can do it!
Don't give up!  I've made mistakes along my journey.  90 days will pass either way time continues. It's your choice to do the right thing for yourself. ..I know it's hard.  I could never see myself without alcohol.  My life revolved around my next drink for seven years. .I was exhausted.  It was all too much.  I had to take my life back. ..I feel things that I've never felt before.  I see things that I never saw.  I am free. I am blessed and I hope you can be too. ..I wish you success on your journey. Sobriety and happiness are possible.   You are not alone. ..IWNDWYT .
I have been there and you can do it - I believe in you!  Please do what they say and you can get your life back.  I didn't and I regret it.  You still have hope and I urge you to take this chance (and the cost of comes at) and do it! IWy
Maybe try to Think about it like this... do your 90 days or lose your job? The days are going to go by no matter what. Meaning time doesn't stop. Why not spend the next 90 of them getting help.  Then you can go back to work or u may find u want to do something entirely different.   You will do the right thing!!! You can do this 
Sounds like your work is very supportive of your recovery. We here are too! I hope you stick with sobriety in treatment or not. Best of luck friend.
Based on my experience and what you said the board has confidence in you. I am also assuming that you have a good relationship with them and respect for their position here. To my thinking that is your path back. Prove to them that their confidence is justified and correct. However you have to prove that you are committed to recovery to yourself first.
It's not hopeless.  It's very hopeful.  It's o.k. to cry.  Crying is a really good release to help feel better.  It sounds like your firm has empathy.  IWNDWYT
Like bigpoodle and others said: You have a firm that's being incredibly supportive and caring of you. Ask yourself what about that feels so painful to you or so hard to accept...&amp;#x200B;..I think you have amazing courage. Be kind to yourself and if you can't ask someone how. Not all of us got taught to take care of ourselves well. 
Hi as there always is on this sub lots of wonderful wise people have posted great suggestions and strategies for support. I have a question though; if you don't mind? ..I am wondering if you have decided to stop drinking for yourself? Is a sober life what you want for you? ..It sounds like you have a great job professional respect and lots of solid organisational support as a result. For this sober trip to work for me I have to want it above and beyond everything else because everything else follows my decision to drink or not to drink. ..I think having that decision and making it every single day in front of 145999 people on here helps me enormously. It isn't easy but that daily decision does help. I wish you strength and peace my friend.
