-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adq02k/how_to_trust_rehabs/

Hi everyone trying to find a rehab center that I can trust and it's not going well. .. I'm not the alcoholic my spouse is and she is currently in detox and cutoff from the world. Except the vultures from rehab have access and yet I the person that got her into detox paid for it and will ultimately pay for rehab doesn't.  ..the rehab sales reps at the centers are slick and can easily sense our desperation I can almost hear the saliva dripping on their wireless headsets as they calculate their commission while admiring their steak n cheese that's getting cold. ..Same pitch same promises same guilt inducing BS to pay up and start another go at it.  This is not our first go round.  ..Wouldn't working with the best addiction Dr AA/SMART psychiatrist trauma specialist psychotherapist going to a yoga class gym and BUYING a damn horse be cheaper and more effective?  Why pour everything into one place and hope it helps  recover ?  Effin tangent sorry. ..How to trust a place when they all say the same crap with better amenities and the relapse rate everywhere is astronomically high? Trust?  How does one do it?..Thanks. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Just my opinions here. I have been to rehab twice so these are mostly the things I noticed about the second one. Which I have stayed sober since that rehab...Look for ones that have evidence based treatment focus on several different methods of treatment (some of them are only AA based which is helpful but also free when you get out. It's better if they have some newer psychology/addiction science backed techniques too) if you can find one where the percent who stay sober is around 50% that's pretty good (if it's 5-10% that's not so good) if you think she might have any other co-occurring disorders (depression anxiety trauma etc) look for one that does dual diagnosis or treats those also. Don't worry about the amenities that's not what's important about a rehab (as long as it's not like horrible living conditions) find one that takes your insurance if you can and if they have a couple outings into the community while you're at the rehab this is helpful to get used to seeing alcohol and not drinking it..Also I would recommend doing an IOP (intensive outpatient program) after rehab. It helps a lot with transitioning back to real life after being in the really controlled environment that rehab is. It gives you accountability and support during the transition instead of going from lots of support and no alcohol around to no support or just AA immediately. Also IOP is much cheaper than rehab so if you're already paying for rehab it makes sense to do IOP too and give it a good chance of working...Btw I think it's really cool that you want to help your wife and I'm sure this is a stressful time for both of you. But also remember no matter what you do you can't make anyone else stay sober. It's sounds like she's trying (if she's at detox) but in the end she's the one that's gotta make this change.
I admit there are some rather dubious rehabs out there. I would look for one that has been around for awhile and has a good reputation. That's about all you can do. The truth is rehab AA smart SD and anything else works but only if the one needing it really wants it to and puts the work in. I did rehab 3 times and I could say that the first 2 times it didn't work. If I'm honest though I was the one who didn't work. I deep down didn't want it to so I ignored everything I learned and ended up only getting worse. It wasn't until I REALLY wanted to be sober and put the work in did I become sober. All these things are merely support systems but it comes down to the individual to want it and to use them to stay sober. I would place my trust in my wife and her desire to stay sober and just encourage her and support her. A little can go a long way in this battle. 
I never went to rehab or got professional help which in hindsight I regret. I think that I spent a lot of time figuring things out on my own that I could've learned much quicker in a program. But plenty of people go to rehab and then continue to relapse so it might not have changed anything for me I don't know...There are cheaper options than residential rehab. IOP programs (intensive outpatient) are a lot cheaper and I know a lot of people who've gotten sober going to an IOP. ..Sober living houses also work for a lot of people. I know people who chose to live in a sober living facility in early sobriety because they didn't trust themselves to stay sober without that structure and accountability. ..AA is a dollar or two a meeting you don't need an appointment and there are meetings everywhere. This go-round of sobriety I did a 90 in 90 (90 meetings in 90 days) and I went to therapy twice a week. I'm still doing therapy twice a week and one meeting a day more or less and that has been working for me. I've had only a couple of moments of fleeting desire to check out with alcohol or another drug and I'm building a solid and satisfying life for myself in sobriety. I'm making a lot of friendships in AA and it has become something that I do because I want to not because I have to. I'm also active here on SD where I've built some real friendships and which has been an important part of getting sober for me. SD is free and it's here around the clock...I've heard people say that you can't do anything to keep a person from getting sober who wants to get sober and you can't do anything to keep someone sober if they don't want to stay sober...Buying the horse is the cheapest part of owning one FWIW.
I don't hear anything in what you're saying to suggest you're open to trusting them.
I'm guessing you're in the US - because rehab facilities here are a joke. I posted this a few days ago it's a good read:..[https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/04/the-irrationality-of-alcoholics-anonymous/386255/](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/04/the-irrationality-of-alcoholics-anonymous/386255/)..My favorite paragraph where the author talks to an addiction specialist in Helsinki about US rehab facilities:..*"When I told Keski-Pukkila* \[that US rehab can cost tens of thousands for 28 days\]* his eyes grew wide.  What are they doing for that money?  he asked. I listed some of the treatments offered at top-of-the-line rehab centers: equine therapy art therapy mindfulness mazes in the desert.  That doesn't sound scientific  he said perplexed."*..But yeah rehab mainly doesn't work here in the US besides as profit centers. Otherwise you wouldn't constantly see people on their 4th or 5th time through the cycle.
Can you get a referral from a doc or trusted friend?
