-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adqifn/i_work_at_a_liquor_store_day_3_today/

Disclaimer My badge is not accurate at the moment.  ...I'll do a TLDR to start because I deleted all my earlier posts.   .\- Big time drug use in my teens.   .\- Find out I have a life-ruining illness at age 18.   .\- Continue drug use for 5 years.   .\- Quit drugs at age 23.  .\- End up in hospital for 3 months because quitting drugs cold turkey shocked my system made my illness way worse.  .\- Recover then replace drugs with alcohol and drink every day for 7 years. (Lately 14+ drinks per day)  .\- I did get 3 sober months in in 2017.  .\- Stopped again on January 5th 2019 age 30. Woke up in the middle of the night after drinking all day stone cold sober and needed a drink so desperately I got up ran to my desk and poured a few ounces of vodka down my throat (straight from the bottle of course) and tried to fall back asleep repeating over and over in my head: that was my last drink that was my last drink that was my last drink.  ...I've posted a few times before about working at a liquor store and the unique challenges it creates when it comes to quitting drinking. One scary thing about it is that it's a career job a government job so the pay and benefits make it hard to leave. I have a house and a car and support my wife and can't just quit even though I want to. But when you hate liquor and you watch it ruin your life and others'... you have no idea how much pain some of the customers are in many regulars have died y'know... then you have to use sales tactics to make the customers buy more offer value adds and up-sells. It's sickening really...  ...Here's a story you might think is funny. So our place of work ran an internal survey to measure the engagement of the employees and our store got a really low rating for "The mission statement of our company makes me feel like my job is important." And the manager brought it up in a meeting and was asking y'know "Why do you think we got a low score?" I said "Seriously?" like chuckling to myself. He gives me this confused look. I said "We sell ALCOHOL. It's not important in the grand scheme of things almost any other job is more important. Alcohol is a luxury item it's not like we sell medical equipment. Honestly I would feel like my sales job was more important if I sold groceries or clothing!" He straight up didn't reply because he knew I was right I imagine.  ...I GET REALLY EXCITED when I stop drinking because I think of all the things I could do to make my life better instead of doing the bare minimum. Sometimes I can't sleep at night with all the planning I am doing in my head. I am intelligent and a very hard worker so I know I can do anything I want. Straight A's in school and if it wasn't for the illness I wouldn't have had to drop out and get a crappy job.  ...So anyway here is the news my wife got accepted to a College in another city. And because I am clear minded I will do anything it takes to support her. ALSO I will likely be applying to take courses at a different University there selling my house moving with her and transferring to another a liquor store (i know) in that city to keep my medical insurance and income to pay for school while I work so I can finish my freaking education and get a job that actually means something. Yay us!  ...Thinking maybe I want to become a counselor or do case work with people who are struggling partly because of this community and the people in my life who helped me out of my darkest places.  ...I know that some people will brush off 3 days but it really feels like this could be it this time. A lot of my friends are quitting now too and I am making new friends with other sober people. I feel like I had a paradigm shift I can see who I want to be and how to get there.  ...I am very open and I love to chat so please ask me anything about my job. Ask me about my illness. Just keep me coming back to /r/stopdrinking because I need to be here every day if possible. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds really hard best wishes to you!
Eek what is your illness? That sounds like a rough ride but amazing that you're thought process is so positive. Thanks for sharing I really hope good things happen :)  
I hear you about the benefits and the security making it hard to quit even if it does sound crazy hard to be sober. Sober on. Thank you for telling me this story. I think about working with trauma and addiction too maybe when I'm 50 a good 20 years from now. ..Have you been reading anything good on alcoholism/sobriety lately? ..I'm reading the Tommy Orange novel *There There* and it has a really good chapter about a relapsing addict who's become a substance abuse counsellor in the Native Indian community and she's struggling to hold on to sobriety. There's a minibar in her fridge at the hotel she's staying at for a fancy conference. It's really tense and accurate I thought.  
IWNDWYT
I found your post because I searched "work in a liquor store." I have an interview for a liquor store this week and hope I get it. What state are you in - PA by chance? I ask because liquor stores in many other states are privatized and not a government job but it is here in PA. I've worked for the state before and I'm excited to get back in but slightly worried about working with alcohol. I'm almost 1 year sober and have no tempations as for now...Have you considered a lateral job transfer? The state has a system where you can bid on other jobs in the same pay range or less if you qualify for them I would think you could just transfer to something else especially if you told HR of your issue with alcohol. 
