-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adsanw/i_was_sober_for_3_years_then_i_relapsed_here_i_am/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. This is an incredible post. Thank you.
This is a great read. Thanks so much for this. I "found" comedy too although there seems to be a lot of alcoholic/recovering alcoholic types in comedy. I am still not sure if comedy is my talent or simply an over developed coping mechanism from growing up in an dysfunctional alcoholic home. ..The one issue that I really wonder about is the split between wanting to be social and be creative. Socializing often seems to be about lowest common denominator activities and consuming and creativity seems to be lonely and producing. I wonder if I am having trouble finding the right balance between the two or having trouble accepting that one is not for me. Sorry for the early morning ponderings. Thanks again.
Our path to sobriety is definitely not a "one size fits all."  I'm happy that you've found your path.
Wow it seems that we are all very different people as addicts. I have never traveled never lived more than 10 minutes from where I grew up and didn't pursue greatness at all. I've never traveled as I have motion sickness in every day situations even driving my own car and I'm eternally exhausted. I couldn't care less about excitement really just want to live a plain life where I feel sort of healthy and have less restrictions due to my health. It's interesting to read the story of someone who has addictions for completely different reasons and a completely different constitution. I drink to calm myself down and numb my health problems because my existence feels unbearable. This is why I have never touched uppers or psychedelics etc. I don't want to feel more I just want to feel okay. I guess maybe there's a spectrum of why people develop addiction to alcohol ranging from someone like you who needs more and more all the way down to someone like me that wishes I could check out of life and rest forever haha. I envy your energy and congratulations on your previous success and your drive to improve yourself again. 
Thanks for sharing...If I'm not too forward. I'll quote the common AA 'rule' of not dating/starting new relationships for the first year of sobriety (and I'm not an AA-ian but I think this is solid advice). I see a story that is filled with you basing your entire worth on what others specifically romantic partners think of you and I thought you'd figured it out but not quite by the end! And it seems high time to shed that toxic mindset too. I *don't* think moving in with another girl is a good idea. I think it's time to focus on teamfriendship and teamfriendship alone and take that uncomfortable step into being introspective and figuring out how to be comfortable and gentle with yourself regardless of what everyone else is doing or thinks of you...Good luck! California is the best state ever after all. Iwndwyt!
Thanks for the gold somebody! I'll have to research what that does. This community has always been there for me and I'll do my best to give back.
