-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adudjf/one_week_in_the_books_again/

Welp off to another clean one week start for what feels like the 100th time...The first day or two the nagging cravings are tough for me. The first drive home from work it is sometimes a struggle to go past the liquor store without stopping. If I get past all of that and the first weekend and it's usually smooth-ish sailing until near the month mark when I start telling myself it was so easy "I got this"...A few times last year and in 2017 I got to the 2 month mark before succumbing to "I got this"...Spoiler alert so far I haven't had it. When I give in I always end up in the same place eventually...This time when that day comes whether it be in a month or today when that voice tells me I'm back in control and "I got this" I hope for the strength and wisdom to not take that first drink in that never ending cycle of attempts to find out if "I got this"...Long time lurker first time poster. I'll hang up and listen.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT.... 8 days for me too! 
Welcome out of lurkdom!..You mentioned the drive home on the first day being hard...why don't you take a different route? Or do something you usually don't like grocery shopping or stop for a cup of tea? Doing something out of the ordinary would jar my habits enough in those first couple weeks that it confused the alcohol gremlin so it was easier to stuff back in it's cage. Reading *This Naked Mind* was essential for me if you haven't read it already. It's only like a $6 ebook. Less than a drink...Iwndwyt
Sounds all too familiar; I understand where you're coming from. I sometimes refer to that initial period in terms of "escape velocity"; I'm free of it and gravity isn't pulling me back anymore... but then I turn the ship around for absolutely no good reason. Just need to remind myself under control or not there is absolutely no good reason. none at all.
Hiya. Welcome to SD. IWNDWYT  
Sounds like you already figured it out. ..Alcohol is not for us and moderation doesn't work for us.  ..IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
IWNDWYT
Hi I am not in AA however I came across this quote and keep it close to me every day. It really does help me... The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death.  A.A. Chapter 3
