-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adzh4c/good_at_drinking_and_at_my_joblife/

Hi all.  Long time lurker and first time poster.  ..I gotta say I am pretty good at drinking and in the past drugging.  Basically have been drinking every night for about 25 years.  My nights that I  don't drink  I only have 2-4 high abv beers.  Amazing I can con myself into that being a sober night.  Of course almost always combined with marijuana. Nights I am drinking considerably more beer.  ..Problem is I am good at it.  I have a high profile job work out etc.  no real rock bottom or negative consequences other than damage to body and sluggishness coupled with clear alcohol dependence when honest with myself.  ..It makes it harder to quit.  Sometimes I wake up at 2 am wide awake and will have 3-4 ipa while smoking weed go to bed for an hour and wake up to work. I fool myself to thinking it is all ok too given my career success.  ..Did 5 months completely sober but for an occasional psychedelic mushroom a few years back and got right back into drinking daily. Doing a sober January and hard mild withdraw symptoms first few days but already relapsed. Today marks day two but going to be in office till 8 and know how tempting that beer will be when home. I mean I deserve it after working a 12 hour day is how my brain works. ..Anybody else have this profile..Trying to remain dry today and taking daily.  ..Thank you all for creating this reddit as been very helpful!..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing  IWNDWYT
Pretty similar profile here.   I'm back on Day one after a sober month.  Speaking of weed... it was a Snoop Dogg concert when I got re-started.  On both beer and weed.  No coincidence.  ..I've also thought the same as you many times .... I am damn  good  at drinking.. basically staying intoxicated but not falling down ... and getting away with it.. like a Ninja.   make good money also.  It's just not sustainable this way.   
Same 25 years of relative professional success.  Good job. Also a pro drinker. If I'm honest with myself if I hadn't been drinking how much more successful would I have been. Maybe I would have changed to a career that was more rewarding.  How stunted am I really?  Emotionally. Life memories. I'll never really know what I lost along the way because I convinced myself it was all going swell.  There are consequences. ..I jumped off that hamster wheel and while there is regret looking back I am actually present now. Those rose colored booze goggles are off and it's pretty glaring   But making the best of the rest for myself and my family is all that matters.   And I even like my job again. ..Goof luck. ..
Thank you for sharing.  Sounds similar.  
