-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ae2z92/day_7_i_didnt_think_id_see_changes_this_quickly/

After 11 years of drinking anywhere from 2-6 pints of non-light beer a day I finally decided to quit for at least a few months. I've been struggling with the idea of not drinking for maybe 2 years now. After all it wasn't really affecting my health job or relationships so there was no problem right? However I had a moment of clarity on New Years day and realised that while my body is fine for now it will eventually start to show the effects of being poisoned on a daily basis. ..I haven't had a drink since. As many of you know the first few days were a bit dicey. I was lucky to not experience any severe symptoms of withdrawal but I did have a headache and was generally a bit cranky for the first few days. After that it was like a switch flipped. ..I FEEL GREAT. I've lost 5 lbs worth of bloat I'm finally sleeping better and I wake up ready to get a workout in and tackle the day. My skin is also starting to clear up. Over the past few months I was starting to have terrible eczema and acne breakouts but those are starting to subside. Also much to my husband's happiness my libido is back in full force...My only regret is not doing this sooner. I never considered myself to be an alcoholic (and I still don't) but I was definitely a habitual drinker. Now I'm wondering why I didn't try and break this bad habit sooner as I did with things like eating sugar or playing too much WoW. ..I realise it's early days and I have yet to tackle any social situations without alcohol. However seeing these benefits after only a week has definitely strengthened my resolve. For all of you who are New Years quitters like me and for everyone else who is on their non-drinking journey IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 7 days! IWNDWYT 
Nice work keep on keeping on!..And yes isn't the improvement in sleep wonderful?  It's been like magic for me. 
\&gt; Also much to my husband's happiness my libido is back in full force. ..My STBX still drinks about 5-6 glasses of wine a day. Needless to say we have/had a dead bedroom.....She went to bed yesterday at 10:30pm. For sober-me that's too early. She warned me to never wake her up because she needs her sleep. You guess what happened...But IWNDWYT!
My day seven is filled with anxiety and depression but IWNDWYT. I WANT to see real changes for once instead of going a week on and off. I deserve it. Congrats! 
