-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aebb1w/im_worried_that_im_one_of_the_ones_that_wont_get/

I posted on this sub a little while ago I did ok for about a week and then went back to old habits. The truth is that I've never been good at consciously establishing new habits. I have a lot of trouble sticking to goals. I am very unmotivated to do anything except things that cause instant gratification. I'm sure that a lot of ppl with substance use issues struggle with instant gratification problems....but I am worried that I'm particularly bad. That I'm just not the kind of person that recovers. I'm sure that there's no such thing as a "kind of person that can't recover" but...I can't internalize it. Or believe it about myself. Does anyone have any words of wisdom about this? ..Thanks. &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

my experience with getting sober is that i can't do it alone.  i need to be with others who are like me. in real life.  i find this in recovery meetings.  
I'm glad you said "habit".  I'm convinced a lot of sobriety is habit and that the hard part is setting up the structures that allow one to be successful in that habit.  I don't think there's any magic sauce to those who are successful and those who aren't.  I also think that's why we have our best chance at success when we work with others like us- we can model our behavior after people who have been successful and it also lets us see that we're not weird our behavior was not egregiously bad and there are a lot of folks just like us.  We take it one day at a time and if we go to bed sober that was a good day. 
For what it's worth my thoughts about being one of those that won't get better provides me with the fear the very fuel that propels me in my sobriety. I visualise the worst case scenario and run from it.
I would suggest reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  She has podcasts on youtube too.  Also Alcohol Explained by William Porter explains is great too.  Smart Recovery online has meetings and under their resources tab there is a ton of great free articles.  Good luck.  It's a process.  I think it is quite rare for people to do one and done for good. IWNDWYT
You must have the strength and courage to make the change.  Sobriety isn't easy i know personally at day 70 stick with it.  IWNDWYT
For me it took really immersing myself in sobriety. That was a treatment program and following up with AA meetings. Also reading a lot about alcohol. 
