-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aebl6n/do_i_drink_because_im_anxious_or_anxious_because/

I am likely what people consider to be an alcoholic and have been for several years. For about 6 months i have been struggling with severe anxiety and intrusive thoughts. I can sometimes distract myself with work hobbies etc but i still have nagging thoughts and sometimes i wonder if i have a mental illness that needs to be treated. Sometimes i dont even want to leave my house. . I set an appointment up with a psychiatrist for a week from today. I am considering quitting drinking cold turkey starting tonight. If it matters i drink at home i dont go out to bars. Has anyone experienced anxiety and if so how did quitting drinking effect it? Did or help or did your anxiety worsen? I'm asking because i REALLY do not want to go to this psychiatric appointment if all i really need to do is stop abusing alcohol...TLDR: my drinking is out of hand and i am wondering if that has caused me to develop anxiety. If so what will happen if i quit drinking. ....Thank you to anybody who is kind enough to read this and provide insight. I am really nervous to hear what other people think and i will wait to read your responses when i am at home so i don't cry at work.
----------immediate responses--------

For me it was both.  I'm always amazed at how much calmer I am after a couple days sober.
I found that the majority of my anxiousness came the day after drinking. It took about a month for it to go away for me some days were dreadful with the intense burn of something going wrong and how do I solve what I don't know is going wrong type shit you know what I mean?
Both! You get so deep into it and it just gets worse and worse I'm afraid.  ..I started of using drinking to cope with the stress of my job.  However there was a turning point to where my body didnt know how to cope with lifes struggles anymore without it.  ..If anything try getting off the sauce for a week or two.  I remember after day 5 or 6 I felt less anxious then i ever had in my entire life.  
Since I've quit drinking I've found my anxiety is quite minimal (and it was BAD before). You can do it! 
[removed]
It was kind of circular for me. Alcohol buzz did not cause anxiety but hangover did. But it was anxiety with fatigue and I would combat the fatigue with coffee. The coffee would cause more anxiety and my brain would send me to the store for alcohol. 
Both. Don't quit cold turkey. Work with a doctor to stop. What will happen is that you will get sober and find that your anxiety decreases. ..If after getting sober you still have anxiety issues work with the psychiatrist to resolve them. But quitting alcohol is a huge step in the right direction. 
For me the answer seems to be a bit of both. But I am much less anxious when I am sober...First time in 7 years  (my entire working adult/post college life) that I have strung together 7 days sober and I already feel the weight lifting. Prior to this I have blamed jobs relationships family master's degrees etc. for my terrible anxiety...Most people think quitting drinking would have been the easier answer. Sadly it was the much harder option for me.
