-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aeg3hr/relentless_relapse/

 ..I was sober for 2 weeks feeling really good &amp; proud of myself. I graduated college a year and a half ago but couldn't find shit for a job and moved back with the parents 3ish weeks ago after admitting I have a huge daily problem with booze that's lasted 6+ years. Parents were so supportive and helped me SO much during withdrawal - withdrawal is fucking terrible and I think I only had a moderate form of it so I never want to experience it worse and am aware of the kindling effect yet that doesn't deter triggers sometimes. ..2 weeks later I had a trigger. I gave in. Literally the day before I finished a great workout and thought  this is so much better than drinking . Like damn those endorphins were fucking PEAKING. The next day I felt a bit anxious - a trigger I'm familiar with. I thought maybe too much tea and knowing my bf was coming to visit so I was extra excited. It didn't feel like an anxiety attack just slightly uncomfortable and on edge. I remembered my brother had friends over and saw one grab a beer from a cooler in the garage the night before so I knew where the stash was (I had no idea it was there before just bad timing no booze was allowed in the house bc of my situation). I snuck one 30 mins before my bf was coming over. It calmed things down maybe a bit? But then I just became paranoid he'd smell this shitty Modelo on me. ..The shitty spiral I'm so familiar with begins. We went to a basketball game and I snuck drinks saying  Im going to the bathroom . He never noticed I kept it buzzed not blackout. Idk how he didn't smell it though- he's the type to call me out instantly if he did. ..So I restarted my sober calendar and thought  I drank last night I can moderate and won't drink today . All high and mighty. I didn't drink that day! Then the false sense of confidence took over. Next day I get a small box of wine (equivalent to 3 glasses) to sip while I practice my instruments. I down it all within the hour and by then practicing is pointless. I snuck out the bicycle and went back to the corner store. So stupid. I bought 3 more small boxes since that was all that could fit in my coat (black box cardboard ones to give a visual). ..My parents aren't idiots. My mom said she could smell something on me and I denied. She asked me why I would drink after the withdrawal and knowing it would hurt them and me. I didn't have an answer. I really didn't know except I knew that impulse that tells you  it's okay and you can control it . I CANNOT CONTROL IT. But that voice. Not like a hallucination at all but your internal voice. I still insisted that I hadn't drank and didn't admit I went to the store to buy more so she dropped it...Triggers can be easy to identify but sneaky and hard to handle. That little fucking devil is nearly impossible to overcome sometimes. I'm not religious but it can feel like the analogy of the devil against the angel telling you right and wrong. Almost irreversible impulses which make me know I'm a full fledged addict. And it tempts you with the stupidest reasons. I've pinpointed triggers I know them I attempt to avoid them but unless I'm in a cage I will encounter them. ..I consider myself agnostic &amp; don't relate to spiritual things at all but I've opened myself to learning more about it in a meditative way. I was raised heavily catholic but ditched that in early high school. However a few months ago when I was drunk after a fight with my boyfriend because he accused me of drinking I went outside looked at the stars and begged out loud and cried to  any god out there . It felt surreal. Probably bc I was drunk but I remember how desperate I felt. True sadness. ..This was a few weeks before I called my parents for help with alcohol. I went to AA for a month or so but after I moved to a different city with my parents I stopped. It didn't help much tbh but it was nice to have relatable people to talk to. ..I doubt anything came from that prayer and that's whatever I didn't expect anything but it was the first time I realized I fucking PRAYED to take a pain away. To take the alcoholism away. Just take the impulses away. My point isn't religion though. It's to say how this condition can be so debilitating you question and beg to the fucking sky. Look I don't know I just know alcoholism sucks and makes you a desperate sad person. Life really is beautiful when you catch those glimpses of pure sober happiness and the alternative is realizing misery. Yet why can't I quit? ..I'm going to a new AA place tomorrow I must. Anything. My parents took me back in to help me through detox and don't know the extent I've been drinking again bc I'm so fucking sneaky. It's been 10 days since the binge last started and I'm scared for the anxiety I'm going to face AGAIN in the next couple of days as my body readjusts. ..Here's to day 1 and thanks for being such a supportive community. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! You seem resolved to see this through - congratulations on that alone...After the first two weeks it was tricky for me too I really had to watch myself and separate my mind from the alcoholic thoughts ("you went two weeks without drinking see you're not an alcoholic! Celebrate!") and observe them for what they are badly disguised alcohol cravings...The daily check in thread helps me the most I think - just postpone drinking for one day and see if you still want to the next morning. And if you do you can just not today. And making the decission once per day keep my mind from weighing the "pros" and cons of drinking all day...And as you saw the feeling of freedom and endorphins when you're not drinking are so much better than the usual drinking chore which isn't really fun anymore anyway. But even knowing that the alcoholic mind still argues with my favourite "I'm feeling perfect. Let's improve the situation by drinking." which of course destroys the good feeling in less than an hour...Also it's good that you recognize the triggers that helped me a lot as well...If you drank daily you might consider tapering off and / or even better do it with some help of a Doctor but I can't really give any advice on that either way...I wish you strength and keep coming here!
I know what you mean about being sneaky.  There's times I've asked my wife to help me moderate and then I just undermine it by making going underground with it.  Like sneaking empty 12 packs out and replacing with a full one.  So it always looks like I'm working on the same one all weekend when maybe I'm on the 4th. ..If you figure something out let me know.  I resolved on new years no more drinking alone at home.  By that weekend I'd amended it to just a 6 pack.  Ok a 6 pack of 16oz. ..By the end of the weekend I had drank so much I had to call in sick Monday because my stomach was so sick I couldn't keep water down til Monday afternoon.  Made up a story to my boss about some family thing one more lie to manage...So I don't have anything helpful to say except to tell you your post really resonated with me and it's a comfort in a way to think of someone else having such a specifically similar fight with themselves...Good luck 
Best of luck friend! Relapsing is part of the journey for most. As long as you learn from it all is not lost.
Triggers can be such a pain in the ass! Sneaking up on a person out of NOWHERE! And some days boy do they pack a punch! Keep at it. We are here for you! IWNDWYT 
Best of luck IWNDWYT 
I never welcome relapsing it's quite soul crushing. I have gained a great deal of knowledge from them though. It's a very solid reality for me now that I absolutely cannot handle even one small drink. There is no moderation in my future and I'm ok with that now. Dont beat yourself up it takes time to learn. What's important is that we keep choosing to learn and adjust our methods. 
I read my story in yours. I can maintain sobriety for months (be it 3; 6; 9) and have been doing so for 3 years but I have failed to make a year and continue to relapse.  I have found AA incredibly beneficial but frankly it took me 18 months to get comfortable going to any meetings wherever they may be. Otherwise I was only comfortable in my Home Group and the meeting in my city.   ...Wish you luck and congrats. 
Keep coming back. :-)
It's difficult! Don't give up! I relapsed several times last year. Tomorrow will be 3 months since my last bender...I wasn't sure how I was going to pull myself out of it. I am rooting for you!!! IWDWYT!
