-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aei4zp/i_finally_told_someone_ive_been_struggling/

It feels like a weight has been lifted. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh I know what you mean. I felt 10 kgs lighter when I finally told my SO and he agreed to move all the alcohol out of the house. It makes everyday sooo much easier! ..So - I'm really happy for you! 
I told one of my kids (he's in his mid 20s) and one dear friend right up front and having done so was really important in the early days.  I picked the right people who actually care about others.
IWNDWYT
Good for you! IWNDWYT 
That is great! When I told my girlfriend it help me so much. IWNDWYT 
The last week I drank I had sent drunken messages at 6am to a friend of mine admitting that I have a drinking problem. We had a call later that day and discussed how my life had been the past year. Talking about that also made all those realizations I've made through last year someway more real. It has a different impact on our perception compared to just thinking. I finally started to see and admit that I have a real problem with my drinking instead of pondering endlessly what has happened and forgetting parts of it as time went by...Day 18 about done here. Feels great to see that I'm not digging myself deeper in that dark hole I've been in for past few years especially during last year. Even if it's one day and one baby step at a time towards better and healthier living I believe it has a snowball effect on our lives. Just like drinking did in a negative way. Focusing and improving our lives little by little and more each day on top of what we had and did yesterday. At some point it starts to loop back positively. Looking forward for that. For myself right now it's gym reading saving money processing failed relationship being more present at work and finding more time for friends and family...IWNDWYT
I was terrified to tell someone. But it changed my life and allowed me to get the help I really needed. You should be proud of yourself!
I'm 88 days sober and I have made it this far a few times.   What got me here this time was coming honest with a couple of friends who I always told I was fine. ..Instead I told them I was considering rehab. ..I didn't go but the release that comes with honesty makes me feel so light.   I'm hoping it will keep me sober this time. 
This is why I still go to AA. Being with people who've been there is really important to me.
