-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aelkn4/day_8_blues_does_anyone_else_get_this/

Hi everyone ..I posted when I was 4 days sober and things were going well I made it through days 56 and 7 with no real issues mentally. Today is day 8 if I make it through to tomorrow it will be the longest I have been sober for over a year and a half... but I'm really struggling not to drink today. ..My sleeping pattern is still bad awake all through the early hours getting broken sleep then waking up in the afternoon. When I woke up today I was just really disheartened. A few events have happened that are triggers for me to drink and all I keep thinking about is how much easier it would be to deal with these events if I was drinking. ..I know it's ultimately not worth it and I'm not sure if a part of it is self sabotage/the fact I'm scared because if I make it past today it's unknown territory in my sobriety. So it makes it even more difficult knowing a part of me can actually consider drinking even though I know it's not worth it. ..Does anyone else have these feelings early on? How do you guys control these thoughts? ..Thanks for reading. It means a lot. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've got day 10 blues...so you're definitely not alone!..IWNDWYT x
Yup had those. Powered through and it was kind of like watching a dull rubber ball bounce: with every iteration the effect was pretty much halved until it went away. If you get through the first slog (usually lasting only hours really) you are training your brain to get through the next one which won't be nearly as difficult. Hang in there keep training your brain and you'll be through this in no time! IWNDWYT!!
Last night after being all bright eyed and bushy tailed (and pink cloudish as they say in AA) I was suddenly pissed. My 5 year old talked back to me. my  11 year old acts just like her dad (my ex). No one liked their dinner. Both kids pissed bc mommy has to work (although so does daddy who is living it up with his hot main squeeze and I can't seem to keep a man). I suddenly wanted nothing more than to go to the liquor store and say f*ck it all to hell and drink myself numb. I had to remind myself to do the opposite of what I usually do. I want to drink to numb but I need to allow myself to feel pain frustration disappointment. I cried a little in the bathroom. Then I grabbed a fizzy water and set off to discipline my kids bc drinking always ruined it all and never helped. 
Definitely had those and will probably continue to have them off and on. I was tired for no reason from a blah day at work there was nothing exciting going on nothing to watch on TV and just overall malaise.  I've recently started trail running again and I'm trying not to overdo it but have noticed that on my rest days I generally don't feel as good as on my exercise days. Trying to ease back into exercise and a different life so I don't blow it so I expect these days. I will not drink with you today!
I made a list on my iphone called "why"...Im on day 23 and look at it everyday when the blues hits yep everyday but it has gone from all day to just about an hour a day. You can do it too!!!..My list has some pretty personal reminders of why im not drinking...the first entry is my rock at times like this....."I am not going to change my mind about this right now!".."there is not one problem I have that drinking will help" credit to someone on this board.."all the things I have neglected".."dont actually enjoy it-its a lie".."going from bottle to bottle is such an effing waste!".."waking up at 3 am".."just want to couch".."i look sick"..&amp;#x200B;..Ok thats enough! I hope that helps..&amp;#x200B;
I had them too - it gets better. Our brains are trying to repair as best they can - give yours as much help as you're able - good food exercise water sleep and try not to be too hard on yourself! 
I'm sort of feeling the same but I keep reminding myself:..why would I want to drink poison?..IWNDWYT
