-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aen6io/why_isnt_this_more_difficult/

I believe the longest I have gone without alcohol since I started drinking \~16 years ago was about 50 days. That was a *huuuge* struggle. I couldn't do the full 60 to which I originally committed because once I got near my finish line the fuck-its kicked in. The fuck-its always get me with short-term commitment; I know it is usually "one day at a time" but in my mind if I can drink tomorrow then fuck it I may as well drink today. ..This time around I committed to a full year. For 2019 I will not drink. The larger scope has somehow calmed me; it feels like drinking just isn't something I do anymore. I don't skateboard I don't play the flute I don't drink alcohol. And this..... hasn't been hard. I don't even have sugar cravings like I often do when I would typically be replacing my wine with cookies or ice cream. It's just like I flipped a switch...Here's the problem: there's no such switch in biology. I was BORN an alcoholic. I am fully capable of drinking responsibly but that's never fun for me and this fact combined with many MANY "incidents" has proven to me once and for all alcohol is not my friend. I prepared myself for this "year of sobriety" by quitting early telling everyone I know getting back into therapy and finding multiple weekly meetings (AA SMART ACA Co-De etc) when/if I need or want support. But it hasn't been a struggle at all. In the past I have never been able to (or wanted to) last more than a few days and now suddenly I'm fine? For context nothing dramatic sparked this choice. Actually so many bad things have happened to me in the past that didn't deter me while this time around it was more of a feeling that I am too old (F30) and have too much to lose to continuously be acting a fool. ..I don't trust it and I am wondering if anyone else had a similar experience. If so please share with me how it progressed and how you handled it. As a former Party Girl it's tough to trust myself; it's like I am waiting for myself to fail even though I am so committed and happy about this choice. It's already drastically improved my life in all the areas I expected AND a few I didn't expect at all so I'm still glad for the change... but is the cabernet-craving lurking around the corner? Is it possible to flip a switch?
----------immediate responses--------

We're all different so perhaps knowing that you won't drink for a year is calming and gives you peace of mind to make it through. I don't believe I was born an alcoholic rather I started a poor relationship with alcohol that only deteriorated over the years  and I don't need that in my life. I too am calm about not drinking again but at the same time it's one day at a time. So be on the lookout for the "fuck-its" and have a strategy to deal with them if they appear...Yes people do flip switches where they're simply done with alcohol or whatever substance or activity is causing them problems. Read This Naked Mind where the author discusses people who do flip a switch...I will not drink with you today!
It IS all about mindset. Your goal is definite and clear. You. Are. Not. Drinking. In. 2019.    .    .Taking the option completely off the table for the year doesn't require willpower (which is a limited resource). When the option is completely removed it's a lot easier to live without it.    .    .In my case I had to embrace the fact that moderation wasn't an option. The only way I can control alcohol is not drink it. Boom...here I am 2+ years later sober as a judge.    .    .I'm not gonna say it was easy and there are still situations in which urges may arise...but they are few and far between.       .    .Yes I do think there's a  switch.     .    .IWNDWYT
Sounds to me like you have a good plan.  When I was younger I had periods of 3 and 5 years of sobriety.  Alcohol was sneaky and I thought I could moderate wrong!  The repercussions increase after each relapse.  There is absolutely no good future for you and alcohol.  Stay vigilant and mindful you will be challenged at some point.  That's why it is so important to stay connected here and at meetings.  That's where I failed before trying to go it alone.  I wish you the very best in your recovery dirrtylurker I believe in you!
The 12 steps of AA are what finally brought me peace not drinking.
It has been easy for me so far too.  I think I had lots of circumstances line up in my favor this time around though.  By that I mean:..* My last friend got married leaving me as the last bachelor.  That means I don't have anyone to party with.  Also it's motivation to get my life in order so I can find someone...* It's winter.  I'd rather stay in than go out in the cold to a bar...* I had a bad incident the last time I drank.  I'm getting too old for that.  I also don't like disappointing my parents at this age...* I'm moving in 2019.  I don't have any incentive to go meet women out at bars since the relationships wouldn't last...* I got tired of the bar scene.
I've been worried about this as well. Today marks 1 year for me and man has it been easy.  I don't want alcohol at all anymore....i went from drinking daily and thinking that there was NO WAY I could go even one day sober to this.  I think maybe once you make up your mind you make up your mind.  Good luck in your journey!!
Call it a blessing but be prepared for that blessing to wain or even vanish in an instant. I would be asking myself "okay what am I going to do when I suddenly crave one?" Or "Not wanting one is fine but how is it going to feel when one is offered to me?".
I feel you on the long term mindset making it easier.  The times I tried to stop before was more of "I'm going to just take a break" or "I'm going to see how long I can go without drinking."  Now it's "I'm never going to drink again in my life."  ..I'm same age well 31 now but was 30 when I stopped.  I honestly think I just was over drinking it wasn't even fun for me anymore.  I just was doing it because at my point I was physically addicted and "had" to.  I also had the living shit scared out of me with jaundice a seizure and was told I had cirrhosis for 6 months until a retest came up clear so all that made it easy for me to never want to touch the shit again too.  
Well I wasn't born an alcoholic.  I landed here through persistent and frequent over drinking but I had a similar experience all the same.  When I first started to quit it was because I knew I should not because I wanted to.  And it was constantly a struggle.  But then this year I finally came to terms with the fact that there was no fun left in boozing for me.  Even the most fun part of it being 3-4 drinks deep was tainted for me and led to days upon days of anguish so there was no fun left.  And that is when I really wanted to be sober.  I put the drinks down and started putting in the work here and it has been pretty easy ever since.  ..People thought I was full of it when I said that with 8 days sober but it has held true for somewhere around nine months and counting.  I get to do what I want every day now and that has made it super easy compared to fighting against what I wanted before.
I spent a few months successfully moderating last year until I wasn't successfully moderating anymore. And it really hit me that that's as good as it will ever get. I will spend chunks of time moderating until I'm not moderating rinse repeat...forever. Even scarier those periods of successful moderation will probably get shorter and shorter. After my last drinking experience (in which I didn't even try to moderate) something in my heart and/or brain just went "This is fucking stupid. I'm done forever." I've never felt this way I was never ready to just be done. I was always willing to accept occasional fuck ups in exchange for moderation...I'm spending a fair amount of time on SD and reflecting on all of this and I'm kind of afraid I'll overthink it and talk myself back into moderating haha. But I guess this is all just to say that yes there are others out there feeling like something switched with new strong convictions and also hoping it's not some trick. 
Good for you! I've had it unusually easy as well the last 2 weeks. The first time I quit it was for a year but I wanted a drink the whole time and it was raw willpower and it wore me down. On the 366th day with the year over I got a bottle of Scotch. The second time I quit I really wanted to and I didn't have strong urges but I had lots of headaches and fatigue from not drinking and that wore me down. Near 4 months I figured a glass of wine was OK and that was the end of that. So I'm hopeful but watchful. I know that it can be monkeyed up at any moment. I hope to build the days while building motivation and understanding. Best wishes to you!
It was far from easy for me but this time when I quit I did have a mental "switch flip". I hope that means we're both in it to win it :)
