-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aeobxz/the_brink_of_relapse/

If I can get through today I will be 10 days sober but this has been the hardest day yet. I have tried every coping mechanism I know to beat the cravings but I just can't do it...I meditated ate hydrated worked out talked to my very supportive partner about my struggles and made sure I wasn't hungry angry lonely or tired. I simply can't get my brain to stop telling me I should pick up some booze on the way home. ..I'm proud of myself for making it this far I committed this morning not to drink but I am totally melting down. ..Please send advice and positive vibes. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am sending you all my good juju. Ten days is great! 148892 of my best friends and I are rooting for you to hang in there.
Sending you strength and hope.  You can do this.  I know you can.  Just go home and find a quiet place to just rest and close your eyes.  You will be so proud of yourself tomorrow if you don't drink.  You got this!!!
I can't wait for the day I hit double digits again. Congrats!!!..&amp;#x200B;..Is there a good show or movie you could check out? For me I find boredom even more damaging than the HALT emotions. I always need something really stimulating on the telly then I also boot up a PC game or something too. No room for my brain to start thinking up reasons to drink. 
Good luck! Remember how good you feel sober versus after drinking. You can do it!
I've said it before.  The last resort rub one out.  Clears your mind.  
Day 9 was my hardest!  Get through it or just go to bed. IWNDWYT!
Have you tried going to some kind of recovery meeting? For me recovery became much easier when I enlisted the help of others who were like me but had figured out a way to stay sober and be happy. 
Let yourself eat junk food or buy something you've been eyeing. You need a hit of dopamine and it can't come from alcohol. It's not a long term plan but you only need to make it through tonight. Tomorrow will be better. Hang in there and be kind to yourself. IWNDWYT
On some of my very bad days of cravings I tried my best to keep myself busy and walked or worked out to try to exhaust myself. And sometimes it was simply so bad I just screamed and yelled and cursed lol just to get it outa me and it helped a lot just to let the frustration out. I wish you the best stay strong and it will pass it always does sometimes it just takes a long time. Good luck and IWNDWYT 
You will make it through the day we are all rooting for you and I'm proud of you for reaching out! I'm on day 1 and I look up to you double digit warrior!
Good vibes coming to you IWNDWYT 
The fact that you posted here was a very positive thing!.On your way home is there a place you can get a smoothie or hell a milk shake?.You got this! IWNDWYT!.
IWNDWYT 
Hey! I was just there yesterday. I'd say day 10 and 11 were pretty difficult but stick to this thread and/or the live chat!!!! It really makes it easier!
When the craving hits...I go buy some delicious food and binge watch a tv show...and chocolate..lots of it!!  you got this!! 
When you think about alcohol/being drunk..think about tomorrow when your stomach hurts you're having a panic attack muscles ache puking no appetite recollection and the feeling of regret...Then remember you can avoid all that. 3 hours of fun isn't worth it. Alcohol physically repulses me so I don't even have to think about it but when I first quit it's what helped me. The physical repercussions...
Imagine how great you'll feel in the morning after getting through these cravings. I'll join you in not drinking tonight!
Rooting for you!!! It always helps me if I binge eat.Through the craving.  Like anything I want.  It really helps me.  Anything not to drink.  IWNDWYT!! Here's to sober Friday!!
I like to crawl into bed and lose myself in a netflix/amazon marathon. Find a good show and before you know it it will be tomorrow!  
Same happened to me today.  I accepted how I was feeling and took a nap.  I woke up and just kept pushing it's not worth a couple hours of letting go.  It will hit you hard tomorrow so just chill and let the sober times roll.  
I know I already answered but this helps too...You stopped drinking because it stopped being fun. What makes you think after a 10 day long break it'll be fun again? It'll most likely be as shitty as you remember it...You don't have to quit drinking forever. But you should stop today and now at least until some time passed. Maybe one day drinking will be enjoyable but as of right now it's certainly not...I won't lie. I have had a beer or two since I quit drinking. It was nice-ish but I had to put about a year between before it was enjoyable again. I kept trying to reclaim its former glory back then and I kept ending up miserable. Now I never really crave drinking because at some point that lifestyle just stopped being worth it. A dead end that was actually making my life fuckin terrible. And once I put the time in to move on now I don't miss it because I improved so much I never really feel like escaping in a bottle cause my life's great now.
Phone a friend
I'm telling myself to not go out to the store and buy some and bring it back. This is fucking hard hard hard. Be strong it's hard to ignore the itch but it's not impossible. I relapsed a couple days ago after months and I don't feel good about it but now it's hard to escape again. You got this you can do this. IWNDWYT
Ride the wave it will stop. Eat candy and drink lots of tea  you can do this! Iwndwyt
Week 2 is always the hardest for me too.  Week 1 especially day 1 after the awful hangover seems easier for some reason.  In week 1 the hangover the disappointment in yourself the pain the pain in your arms and joints the bad bathroom experiences it's all fresh in your mind or still happening.  Your resolve is strong.   After day 7 by week 2 it's like that weekend not drinking was a bummer especially if you got asked out.  Your dopamine is getting to it's lowest point and your brain hasn't had enough time to reorganize its circuitry to make dopamine itself.  It's still accustomed to getting the dope hit from alcohol. The memory of the hangover and swearing *never again! I don't ever want to feel like this again!* is fading.  The cravings due to the dopamine issue are not whispers anymore but full on intense distracting demands and unwanted thoughts. So day 10 sounds about right to be experiencing what you are describing...Me I'm trying to stop caving in week 2 lol.  That has been my habit for the past month is abstaining for 6-15 days then getting drunk waking up feeling awful promising not to do it ever again swearing even but week 2 rolls around get asked out with friends boom. Repeat.  So specifically my goal this time  is to make it past day 14.  ..  I don't know if this will help you but I've found getting O'Doul's is actually helping me through.  I knew the cravings would start yesterday more like pangs than whispers and sure enough right on time they came.   I thought why not try a new strategy redefine yourself as an ODoul's girl unlimited Odouls and NA whatever but nothing else.  I even had a Fre wine (non alcoholic) which was absolutely awful.  It was so bad I wanted my $8 back. Grape juice mixed with corn syrup with the essence of melted road tire smell. The Odouls though I like.  Now some people  find Odouls and NA beverages to be triggering but at least for me I like having them there because it doesn't feel like you are denying yourself.  It's like craving? Here you go. It's a distraction like giving a kid a toy. 
My go to method dealing with cravings was going to bed early.
I had crazy craving moments in the first month.  All sorts of "tricks" like you've tried.  Having many methods was important to me because each moment was a little different than the last.  One of the most important tricks I got from SD for craving-moment-mgt was to try and find a place to be alone ASAP and start to interview myself as to why I was having the craving.  More often than not the craving would pass on its own regardless of the answers in "the interview."  Simply staring the bastard down was enough to make it slink away.
Accountability follow up...Thanks for everyone's support. You got me through several hours that I wouldn't have otherwise. Unfortunately the cravings won late in the evening and I had a few drinks. ..The good news is that I didn't even like it at the time and I woke up with new resolve. Day 1 let's do this. ..IWNDWYT. 
