-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aeovmf/very_first_post_seems_almost_too_trivial_to_write/

Like many of you I never thought I'd end up in this place. AA. Looking back with sober eyes it's quite clear that all the 'yets' I hit on my way to the bottom weren't quite enough to make me realise just how bad I was. But here I am one month sober and while it's been emotional and sometimes tough I am here and I am happy. Currently sitting with my alcohol-free beer and my new hopefully good book 'Recovery' by Russell Brand. .I'm still struggling with the idea of permanence but I have made it one month which is the longest I've gone since I first started drinking. It's an achievement a small one in the eyes of many but a big one to me. Feels like I earnt a really difficult power-combo! This I of course owe to the fellowship and their understanding. Remembering quite how far I fell I shall continue one day at a time. .IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Not a damn thing trivial about one month. Huge congrats and here's to not drinking today. #IWNDWYT 
Welcome  IWNDWYT 
Props u/mpolo91!..I am glad you are one of us!
Welcome and congratulations        
One month is huge. Keep going. Glad to be on the journey with you. IWNDWY
Hey one month is nothing to shake a stick at! Way to go!
Keep it going. Every day is a small victory!
Welcome. I never thought I'd end up addicted either but here we both are. I hope you enjoy Recovery as much as I did. IWNDWYT.
Congrats man
Congratulations! Let me know how that book is been eyeing it for a while.
Great job. Looking forward to my one month coming up in a couple of weeks.
Great job! IWNDWYT.
One month sober is HUGE! I actually woke up early on my 30th day just so I could see my by badge go from a circle to a star. Keep it up!! IWNDWYT
Excellent!
A month is a long time! ..I hear you about permanence. That idea used to really shake me. Can I stay sober forever? Do I even want to? The problem with thinking in terms of forever is that you're never doing it. You're never in 'forever' because that's just not how people experience time. You're always in 'today' and today is where you can drink or not drink. Deciding that you don't ever want to go back to that place where you were might get you through some of those difficult 'todays' but all you ever have to do is the day you're currently experiencing. As an old sponsor once told me "just make it back to bed man." That's what we mean by 'one day at a time'...You've done a big thing. A really good big thing. Happy for you friend. I will not drink with you today..
Nothing trivial about a month sober! well done!
Congratulations on 30 days. And you should know here we're all  (sober) Brothers. Iwndwyt
One month is huge!! 
Do you realize how many people can't go a few days without a drink let alone a full month? 30 days is a very big deal! Way to go!
Congrats!
Congrats! Your a Rock star!  IWNDWYT
Great book. And congrats! One month is HUGE. 
Congrats...IWNDWYT.
Never too trivial.  Even if you need to post "How is everyone doing?" and leave it at that it's not trivial.  Whatever it takes for you to get through the next hour day week.  IWNDWYT! 
Thirty days is a huge accomplishment! Boast away I sure did! Congratulations  and I won't drink with you today. 
Congrats!
