-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aexifz/i_want_to_lessen_my_time_spent_on_this_subreddit/

How can I tell when I can ease up on how much I'm inundating myself with recovery stuff?..When I consider spending less time on this subreddit I have a fear that the reason my brain wants this is that it's brewing up a relapse...Is my fear normal? How can I tell when it's okay to step back a bit or when it's a warning sign? I know they say the relapse often starts brewing long before the first sip. ..For the record: this community is amazing. I'm so thankful for it I'd never be where I am without it. But I feel a bit firmer in my footing since the holidays and I'm finding the posts less relatable especially with the new influx of people. Every reason to be here is valid but a lot of it isn't speaking to me right now. ..I want to loosen my grip but I'm scared that means I'm going to fall off. 
----------immediate responses--------

I was a daily visitor to this site for a long time until I felt that I to wanted to take a break from the everyday posting/reading. I'm on day 775 and I don't come nearly as often as I used to but there are days when I know I need to be here. Wishing you success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
I find the contents ebb and flow as far as it's relevance to me.  But I can usually at least congratulate someone on reaching 30 days a year whatever the mark is.  And it is only ever a few clicks away when I feel like helping others again.
I felt similar but I stuck around as an antidote to a poison I hadn't drank yet.  A security feature a safety plan a fail-safe.  Maintenance.  I think seeing people come here tired of the results of their own current or recent drinking has had a positive effect on my mental attitude towards remaining sober.  It's compounded into my mind what's waiting for me if I were to ever think I'm ok to go make a poor choice or two.  It's like the consistent exposure erases that as a possibility.  Maintenance.  It's worked out for me for a while now.  YMMV.  IWNDWYT 
Can you literally set the timer for 15 minutes and then shut it off?  IWNDWYT
To each their own. Personally I have experienced the feelings you express. My journey has had a couple of major bumps including buying a bottle and pouring myself a stiff drink. But I did not cave. Partly I reason because of checking in a few times a week and reading about the struggle of others. ..With that said however I do find it frustrating to read comments like:..  I'm losing my kids my marriage my job and my house but I simply can't imagine a life without alcohol. BTW I am not an alcoholic. ..Denial.  ..Drains my batteries. ....
