-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aexqu3/i_was_allowed_to_be_a_party_girl_but_i_wasnt/

So I've here again - four months sober. So getting sober isn't just about the not drinking for me it is also a chance to do the deep work...Delve into those deep dark corners of our minds and start pulling it out. It can be scary and anxiety inducing but today it hit me. ..When I drink I become co-dependent. ..I create intense relationships with people who allow me to drink more. I cultivate relationships with people who won't say that I've had enough or tell me to stop...I avoid people who are good for me who are truly caring and instead develop intense relationships with other people who are just as messed up as me...I've struggled recently due to breakdown of some relationships which seemed at the time like good ones. But as I look back I realise that the friendships I had with them were sick with drama intensity and overlooking real problems...They chose not to have boundaries or call each other out but instead gossiped partied together and shamed those who didn't join in. ..They cared up until the point you left the party...The irony is I made these friendships while sober but overtime I began to crave the drink so much that I caved. I do not blame them - I take complete responsibility for drinking again and of course for getting sober...But I realise how unhealthy that all was. It's amazing to wake up and realise how drink can cultivate who and how you are. ..I realise that while I was a drunk mess no question about that. That I was also focusing on people who would let me be that way but then became angry when I crossed the line...I was allowed to be a party girl but I wasn't allowed to let my problems come to the surface. When I did that I was a bad person. ..I'm so glad to get sober. It's hard and sometimes gruelling but it's worth it. IWNDWYT. .
----------immediate responses--------

That is a huge realization you've come to. Thank you for sharing your insight. I'm certain that many of us can relate. And congrats on the four months! Keep on keeping on :-)
Codependency is something I am struggling with...in all my relationships. I learned it from my family and I am working on changing these behaviors and healing. Being free from alcohol is essential in this process for me. IWNDWYT!
Great articulation of your issues :)
I'm sure many people here will identify with what you've written.  Thanks for sharing!
Codependency no more by melody Beattie is a great book.  I've read about a dozen books on sobriety marriage relationships and this one hit the nail on the head for me.  Also currently read a book called boundaries that is extremely helpful.   Great job on the self realization.  May be good to talk to a solids counselor to help you on your path as well.  Congrats!  IWNDWYT 
I thought I knew so much about people and relationships and just this past year I've realised the various forms and power and codependent relationships I have been in over the years. ...This sounds like a big breakthrough for you(and me!)
