-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af2sau/relapse_turns_relationship_to_dumpster_fire/

I relapsed 2 days ago and today my relationship is over. I had 51 days of sobriety. The whole thing was almost like an out of body experience. Watching myself purchase the beer thinking about drinking it the whole way home as soon as I was alone in my home I drank them all. Fast. I sent some terrible texts to my partner that I don't remember writing then was up several times through the night to vomit. The next day (yesterday) I had a very important but long and boring meeting to sit through with my wicked hangover anxiety and worry over the damage control on my relationship that would be required.  Turns out it's irreparable damage. This relationship was a good relationship and I have sabotaged it and I don't really understand why. I was feeling PAWS for several days and should have been more proactive about getting to a meeting or reaching out to someone. Today I am devastated and don't want an ounce of sympathy but I would like you all to take it as a cautionary tale. Keep the plug in the jug. It can get out of control so fast and worse things can happen than broken hearts. Here's to the next 24 hrs sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

Whoa the description of an out of body experience while in the process of falling off the wagon is spot on...I had 140+ days when I fell off due to an incredibly triggering life event. The aftermath was rough as was the path back to sobering up again. Fits and starts with three or four full blown benders. A real shit show...My advice would be to get back on the wagon now. Don't fool yourself or sell yourself short thinking "OK I'm a drinker again here we go" I can't do moderation and your story has similar elements as mine. 
IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing.  .
Thanks for sharing I won't drink with you tonight     
Sounds rough. Hang in there. I'm rooting for you.
We're all here for reasons   
I was in couple's therapy with my  ex partner with a goal to either get back together when it was healthy or make a choice together to end it if it wasn't for either or both of us. We were doing amazingly well taking lessons home and applying them and the relationship was back to a wonderful place again. Then I started drinking secretly. I'm not even sure what the initial trigger was. A few nights ago we were out at a bar for david bowie's birthday (ironic seeing as how he's the inspiration for my screen name) and I would go up to the bar "to buy her drinks" while "only getting myself a seltzer water." I was pounding drinks we were dancing and laughing it was fun until it wasn't. I blacked out in the uber and apparently starting banging on the door to get out said some mean shit and fell asleep. And she had to sleep next to that for what is probably the 15th time or more in our time together. It hurts hard to fall from a better place. But I know the climb is worth it. I'm with you and I'm not drinking with you tonight. 
My 3 year relationship just ended because of this ...this past Monday. I can't change it. Been going to AA every day with a ton of guilt. Hang in there. IWNDWYT. 
iwndwyt!  I hope you feel better soon man life is rough but it's even more tough drunk.
Welcome back. I learned that I've had to work on me before even attempting to rekindle my relationship. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry that happened. It helps me to keep a bit of that guilt and shame with me and remember that I never have to feel that way ever again. I'm glad you made it back. 
Hey man relapse is part of the journey. Just like fear and loathing ... the positive is that you know how you quit the first time try to apply those lessons to quitting now...Try not to tear yourself up. Honestly that drunk fucker is still you and it's not cool to impose it upon your SO but at the same time if you're contrite and get back on your feet and she still wants to end it then you are better off...I lost a wife who I gave a lot to and I was sober for 10 years (never drank in front of her). She left when I relapsed and it broke my heart...Two years later I honestly say screw her. If she could only accept me at my best then I'm glad she is gone...I hope I never relapse again but I might. It's part of me   just because I'm sober now doesn't mean Mr. Hyde isn't lurking inside...I guess since I've clawed my way back more than once I have less sympathy for the spouse/gf if you've been sober a long time...Granted I don't hit or berate or do much except just be a sorry SOB no one should have to deal w that. ..I'm pretty up front   I'm sober and hope I stay that way   but drunk me is still me and if I stumble I expect more from my committed partner than to ghost...Granted situations vary   I'm just trying to point out that lacking anything horrendous on your part   she seems pretty harsh...Upward and onward my friend.
Oh man so sad to hear   I also ruined my relationship of 5 years with my drinking. It feels horrible but it had made me to think of my drinking in a new light and why to change myself. I want to build a new relationship and dig myself up from all the mess I've buried myself into because of my drinking. It's become clear that I can't build anything new with alcohol hindering my life. It's a substance of neglect that gradually chips away on everything. I can't have something like that in my life anymore. ..What I thought alcohol was when I was younger is not what it proved to be. So happy for finally seeing that. It has changed my outlook towards it. Best to turn my back on it admit that I was fooled and carry on doing something that I know will deliver better...Feeling happy while drunk was too easy. Nothing in life should come so easy unless it's a scam. Those things I'm now working on ask for hard work and sacrifice. It feels tiring but I still feel content in doing that because I know it's worth it.
Thanks for posting this.  I hopped in here to tell you my relapse 6 weeks ago was also like I was in a trance.  I posted about if you're interested in the details.  It was so scary to lose all rational thinking and have addiction just completely take over.  After that happened I redoubled my efforts in my recovery program and spent more time meditating and focusing on staying sober just for today.  I hope that it helps me avoid relapse in the future.  Only time will tell but it's the best I can think to do for now...Now once I hopped into here I read all these comments and they're stirring up a lot of concerns I have about my own marriage and my partner's commitment to me as I recover and learn to live in sobriety.  Lots of great and intimidating food for thought...It's amazing how SD works I came here to throw in my 2 cents and came back with a treasure trove of personal insight!  Thanks OP and SD!
Welcome to the club. My drinking ruined a beautiful relationship with ex wife. All we can do now is improve ourselves for the next guest on our life's sober journey. 
