-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af5bst/loneliness/

I'm 12 days sober and one of my deep rooted issues are feelings of loneliness. Today those feelings hit hard and all I wanted was to have a drink to make it all better I don't have a close relationship with my family I don't have any friends that would drop everything to be there for me I'm single and childless so the only thing I could do before was go buy myself a drink if I wasn't feeling good and now that is not an option so all I did was cry and cry and cry until I couldn't cry anymore. I don't want to always feel this way and I'm struggling.... 
----------immediate responses--------

You aren't going to always feel this way. You'll get through this shit. Find something to distract your mind for a bit. Like a tv show you can binge. You gotta stop this crying jag or you can't get anywhere. Find some mindless shit watch it then veg. Next after your shit is a little straighter go find someone to tell. A councilor a friend hell even an acquaintance. You'll learn who your friends are and you can relieve some of the burden off your shoulders. You aren't alone. 
I hear you I've struggled (and still do sometimes) with loneliness also. One thing I know for myself drinking won't make that feeling go away. It will make me more isolated in the end. Im finding it very helpful to have a therapist a support group and I go to meetings for the fellowship. Makes me feel less alone in this process. You're not alone in this stay strong. Al the feelings you feel right now get a bit better to handle with time. IWNDWYT
See if there any opportunities for group activities where you live like maybe some classes you might be interested in or other communities to join. For a while there I felt pretty lonely also despite having a good number of friends in the area due to them moving on and having kids and what not. I decided to pick up actively playing music again and joined a couple of bands and that opened me up to a huge new group of people including some who are sober and helped me get there too...If nothing else myself and everyone else will be here for you too    Please reach out whenever you need it!
Hi Karen I MAKE myself go out for an hour long walk 4 days a week and do pilates twice a week. Physical activity helps to shift stuff around in my brain and makes me feel better...I have also just signed up to volunteer with a local charity and am starting my training for that next week. I expect to meet lots of new people and to be focussing on stuff that has nothing to do with me or my drinking which will be great!..Sometimes I have to just sit with the loneliness and try to meditate on it. I try not to follow the lonely thoughts (oh how miserable sad and lonely am I) but instead to observe that this is how loneliness feels in my body and just recognise that right now this is what I am feeling...If I am really completely at a loss I put on some of my favourite music and clean my house...but I have to be out of all other options to do that one  ...I also used to love to sew when I was younger and am investigating going back to classes to brush off those cobwebs.  For me I think a lot of the loneliness was there forever and so I drank a bottle of wine so that I didn't have to feel it...Then I stopped drinking and had no buffer between loneliness and me so I had to sit with it realise what was going on and eventually take little baby steps to move forward. This is a process and it takes time. ..Thank you so much for posting Karen. This has really hit a chord with me and helped me a lot to understand the process that I have been through so far   .
Thanks Karen for your post I get lonely too and my nervous system is a bit fried so i don't want to go out.  Thanks 4 posting this it will get better...love the exercise and volunteer suggestions.  Being on this reddit  helps a ton.  Alcohol had become my friend a "comfort" but it was a lie alcohol is a poison &amp; has to go..Stay strong IWNDWYT!
I too am not married and have no children.  I understand being lonely.  It will get easier.  When I began my journey on July 11 2018 alcohol was my best friend.  It hung out with me everyday and I was so afraid to lose the only company I had. ..The key for me is keeping myself occupied.  I have 3 cats who I now look forward to coming home to.  I look forward to becoming the crazy cat   lady.  I read write post here.  I just have to keep myself going.  ..IWNDWYT  
I realize this post is 23 days old but it spoke to me. ..I am married but have no kids and feel like a lot of my friends have moved on to having kids or to the suburbs etc. and we have less and less in common. I've been felling lonely for awhile now and was definitely keeping myself company with alcohol... but ultimately I knew it was making the problem worse not better (you aren't going to meet new people siting on your couch drunk.)..I also think probably a lot of people that struggle with alcoholism also struggle with social anxiety and being introverts. I truly envy people that can have fun in any situation- but that is not me. It feels isolating sometimes but I'm trying to accept it and be okay with it...Anyway thanks for the candid post. It helped me feel some solidarity. 
