-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af7la2/i_poured_a_drink_last_night/

as you can tell by my day count i'm either new here or have recently relapsed. well i'm not new here. ..&amp;#x200B;..i've hit a constant relapse faze in my attempt to get sober where i drink just about every 48 hours to deal with loneliness the people i've pushed away working two jobs and being unable to be vulnerable in front of my family who all live across the country...&amp;#x200B;..last night i poured a drink -- ice in the glass jim beam and water -- all ready to go...&amp;#x200B;..this thread is the only thing that stopped me. i came here first read and commented on a few things. then i dumped it down the kitchen sink along with the bottle...&amp;#x200B;..thank you all. stay strong this weekend. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

wow! that's amazing and you should be very proud :) Remember that the poison will only mask our feelings of loneliness. I'm lonely all the time and my habit was to drink to oblivion to block that feeling. The next day this alcoholic would wake up lonely still but also hungover ashamed anxious etc etc. You got this. Take it one second at a time :) This moment I won't drink with you 
Loneliness that's a friend I've known well. IWNDWYT either friend : )
Being lonely sucks immensly that i know all to well just like other people on this sub. Read your comment and i just wanted to tell you that i am proud of you. Hang in there things will turn for the better but it will take time and willpower....    IWNDWYT
Beautiful job Bowie!..In recovery I realized that I needed to find a way to combat and cope with new feelings and loneliness...Hanging out here in our IRC to chat with others and attending IRL meetings helped me significantly...Looking forward to your next post!.
Well done! We've got your back. Hang in there. IWNDWYT
Great job dude!  Purge it all!  Add a step to making that first drink happen.  The more the better works for me!
Wow good for you! I can definitely relate. I am the type who always did the same. I have just over a month now and something finally clicked and I stopped having to repeat myself every week or so. I'm proud of you for pouring that drink out and all your booze. Something else that you said I could really relate with. Being unable to be vulnerable in front of family because they're all across the country. This is something that I struggle with as well as my family lives all over. I feel like I have lived a lie with them for years because I only show them the ideal self that I want them to see and feel horrible about it. My brother and his wife live on the west coast I live in Colorado my dad lives in Montana and my mother lives in Florida. I stay in close contact with my brother because I am more able to be real with him and his wife they don't overreact when they hear about what is actually going on in my life. My mother on the other hand is too engulfed in her relationship with my stepfather whom I despise and it has pushed us apart over the years. It sucks because I used to be really close to my family and share in my struggles with them but now it seems that I can't do that it's easier to just pretend like everything is fine and dandy and that keeps me drinking. Anyway probably more of a response than you were expected but thank you for letting me vent. I am starting to see more insight into the motivations that made me drink and not feeling so alone because others are feeling similar emotions. Anyways I'm glad you're here and thank you for sharing with us. 
Good on you man!..I started and stopped easily 15 times in my attempts to quit drinking.  Last night you managed to do something I failed to do many times pour out the drink. Great job!..IWNDWYT
Nice job! I remember pouring gallons of beer down the drain. At first I had my old thoughts "fuck what a waste I need to save this for someone else blah blah blah" quickly it became therapeutic. A few weeks later a friend left beer in my fridge. I gleefully dumped it down the drain  
Good for you   
I'm impressed as all hell that you poured out that booze.  I read something on here awhile ago to the effect of "embrace the discomfort of not drinking."  That one has resonated with me and reading your post was like looking in a mirror; so glad you shared!
[deleted]
IWNDWYT 
See thats a fucking victory! the power our stories and community have together is uncomparable.
Weekends are the toughest if you can get to Monday and take a breather you will be alright 
Good work!..Can I make a recommendation? Try to find something to pour your energy into when that urge to drink comes up. You're on reddit so you probably know that there are a lot of other communities that you can go to help develop new hobbies. I stopped off a /r/Breadit and /r/Sourdough and started making bread. I went with hand kneading first and I found that after ten minutes of pouring my available energy into working dough my desire to drink became more manageable...Now I'm not suggesting you go out and start making bread. What I am suggesting is trying to find something that you can do that can make a small improvement in your life. Invest time in cooking something somewhat technically demanding. Learn to alter clothes. Pick up the guitar. Read a new book. Go for a walk. Stop and do push ups until failure. Do something. And try to make yourself an active participant in something.
Bye Jim!
I for sure have another drunk in me. I don't know if I could get sober again.So I will guard my sobriety today like I use to guard my vodka.
That is fabulous :) IWNDWYT 
res firma mitescere nescit..IWNDWYT!
Good for you! At the mo I'm sipping a Heinken 0.0 and liking it. Why not have some NA stuff at home in case of a craving? 
Thanks for sharing. We don't know each other but we are all here for each other to Lean on confess to commiserate with. ..There is no shame here just an honest fellowship and support. ..IWNDWYT
Stay strong.  Remember things (both happiness &amp; pain) will not always be like today.  Be the best that you can be at any given moment. Congratulations on this new chapter of life. I will NOT drink with you today!  
Don't think in terms of linear time..Take it day by day 24 hours If needed break that down.
In his story Eric Clapton makes a statement I've never forgotten:  Alcohol made everything better until it made everything worse. 
Never have I woke up in the morning without a hangover and wished I'd drank the night before. Well done friend.
Good for you! Poured the six-pack lingering in my fridge down the drain yesterday and was surprised at what a therapeutic action that can be..Stay strong! 
IWNDWYT
I was having a bad day on Wednesday. I was pissed of at the world and angry over everything. A friend of mine from the program reminded me that anger is often a mask for other emotions that we don't want to admit to. Then it hit me I was feeling sad and lonely because I heard my STBXW crying on the phone a couple days before...I've now promised myself that whenever I  feel like drinking  I'm going to say  I feel like avoiding my negative emotions.  And really ask myself what I'm feeling and what I need. ..It's been helping quite a bit. 
That is why i am here right now....its a beautiful sunny Saturday i have been productive all morning and am feeling the slight "itch" for a Saturday afternoon buzz....which of course would lead to shitty sleep self hatred and starting this samsara over....like a broken record...so i sat down decided to visit the sub....breathe....today IWNDWY
Sober day 12. IWNDWYT
[removed]
I'm happy for You!  I feel lonely sometimes.  It's taken me a lot to realize that it's just a passing feeling.  I never feel lonely when I'm with people though.  When I used to drink and do drugs however I was lonely.  I would always be isolated from those I was around no matter how many people I was with or what we were doing.  That's probably the true curse of addiction I drank because I was alone and I was alone because I drank...Congrats on pouring out the bottle that's a great first step.  I will not drink with you tonight!
Holy moly - good for you. I could never get that far into a drink then stop. Even if I hadn't taken a sip yet. You are loved and I'm rooting for you. 
Hey I'm proud of you! That's a difficult situation you're in but you can do this you're strong enough.
It may not feel like it but you are getting stronger every time you resist that urge. Hang in there and be proud of yourself
You and I may be the same person. I can be sober for about 24-48 hours. Even if the last hangover was miserable I still want to drink. I've relapsed a few times recently. It sucks but what's helped in the past is to imagine the next hangover: feeling bloated in the morning having a splitting headache pretty much being MIA for part of the day. If I dwell on that the less appealing drinking becomes. Good luck! 
It's a tough step to pour it all down the drain. Remind yourself of that when you make the choice how yo spend your money...I bought milkshakes.
I did something similar a few weeks ago just before Christmas. I was in the skyclub at the airport ready to fly home after a very successful sale. I convinced myself I could have one celebratory drink and nobody else would ever know. ..I poured it. Ice three cherries rum and coke. ..I smelled it and it smelled terrible. Like a chemical smell. And I flashed back to the last time I drank. ..I left the drink on the table and flew home. I did have a chocolate chip cookie for a reward instead though. ..I won't drink with you just for today and maybe tomorrow too. 
Good on you for reaching out. I've been there too many times to count. I'm proud of you for stepping from the ledge. 
Good for you. That's not an easy decision. A real victory. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT .
huge hug\*..&amp;#x200B;..how do you feel now?..i've been there (with *loneliness*) -- it is hard. ..drinking for me made the illusion of loneliness **all** so very consuming (see my previous post about it from yesterday) sending you love and strength you've got this. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Woooooo!!!!!
Well done for being strong. IWNDWYT.
Good job!
