-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/affizx/its_been_18_days_since_ive_had_a_drink_but_i_am/

A few days ago another poster encouraged me to post here for support so please bear with me and my wall of text...I just feel dead inside. Im definitely not  pink clouding  or whatever you want to call it. I don't even know where to start. I guess I have always been a binge drinker which turns into a little every day just to  help me sleep  drinker which turns into a whole lot more than one or two and pretty soon I'm hiding how much I drink sneaking drinks in the afternoon after I'm home from work and just generally escalating my drinking. I *always* escalate no matter how well I do initially. Not uncommon for me to black out type of drinker but EXTREMELY high functioning: never miss work never gotten a DUI (I NEVER drive drunk) no consequences with my spouse or family... I've always had an addictive personality I guess...oddly enough drinking was always my last DOC I hated drunks and dealing with drunk people but I've always loved being fucked up and getting as fucked up as possible on other things. Pretty ironic that I've turned into a drunk. I'm so frustrated and ashamed because I had THREE years sober at one point but here I am again. ..During my time sober I had a baby and she is wonderful and so awesome and smart and I love her to death. She's over a year and a half at this point and I didn't start drinking again until she was 7/8 months. I developed an autoimmune disease due to my pregnancy and my daughter was just plain tough as a newborn. One of the ones that never stopped crying needed to be held at all times and would never sleep. These are all just excuses to say I was miserable and pathetically I just wanted to check out. And I have been checking out. ..And now I haven't drank in 18 days and I should be happy and proud of myself but I'm not and I don't. I feel miserable. I feel like a failure. I've been through a lot in my life and I have a lot going on in my life and it feels like I took away the only thing I had to look forward to. And That makes me feel like a shit mom because I shouldn't even care about any of that it should be all about my daughter...I'm just rambling and rambling and I'm so sorry. I've never been to a meeting or admitted to anyone that I have a problem so I don't know how any of this is supposed to work. I'm just trying so hard to be better and to do better and to believe in myself but this feels like an insurmountable task. It's like I have a black hole inside my heart that I have desperately been trying to fill My entire life and nothing *nothing* can ever fill it. 
----------immediate responses--------

When my son was born my wife had pretty bad postpartum depression. Those were hard times for all of us. She tried a couple of anti-depressants until she found one that worked for her and it made a big difference...And for me when I quit drinking then I had to deal with all the things I was depressed and anxious about because I didn't have the booze to help me forget anymore...It's hard. It's been worth it for me and I hope you will be able to say the same.
Might have seen my rambling post but I'm pretty similar... Very hard time enjoying things being satisfied don't look forward to anything. Don't fully have the answer yet. I had 120 days at one point experimented with kratom kava anything to make me feel good. Finally just went back to booze...Now I'm on medication and don't get that way as often. I'm doing my best to fulfill what I guess are spiritual needs (I'm an atheist). I read the tao te ching which spoke to me... A lot about how if we can drop expectations about what life is supposed to be like we can finally make peace with how life is. ..It might be my personality but deep hard thought and reflection can be helpful.
You sound like you're coping so much better than you think. Moms are allowed to have their own challenges too. For me alcohol was just putting my head in the sand about everything and it's easy to be overwhelming. Now I can see how much work there is to do and it isn't easy. But that just proves to me that booze isn't an option anymore. 
First alcoholism is a non discriminative disease it doesn't matter whether you're brown black yellow rich poor high functioning or not eventually it brings everyone down.  It's also a progressive disease hence the drinking escalating. Drinking has never been our problem however it's been our solution for dealing with our problems which is why we all feel so crappy when we try to quit. I suggest replacing the drinking with a new solution. Attending some AA meetings and taking to people at those meeting is a good place to start. Quitting drinking isn't easy my friend especially at first but if it was easy nobody would have a problem doing it. With a little bit of help I believe you can do it.  
I was extremely high functioning too.  Then I was very high functioning.  Then I was mostly high functioning.  Then I realized that I wasn't as high functioning as I thought I was...Mix in a lot of starts and stops in there and you have my sobriety journey.  I promise: it only ever gets worse.
Rant and ramble all you need to. We're here to listen. ..Not everyone has a pink cloud and in fact I suspect most of us don't at least not right away. 18 days is still fairly early. I myself didn't start feeling even remotely "pink-cloudish" until I'd say around the 50 day mark. ..Give it time and please stop beating yourself up. For me treating myself with compassion and kindness was helpful in getting past those rough first few months (along with many other tools in my sobriety toolbox). ..Stay strong. I will not drink with you today.
Smart Recovery has a lot of valuable tools.  Their program is based on  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy more specifically Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy.  They have several online meetings a day. Under the resources tab is a wealth of information and great literature to get started.  Also two books that are often recommended here are This Naked Mind (podcast too) and Alcohol explained.  So lots of opportunities even if you are stuck in ID.  Best of luck.  IWnDWyT
