-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afgkcv/18_days_done_i_feel_amazing/

Posting this from bed right before going to sleep. Tomorrow is day 19 and I'm so happy to be sober. I already feel so much better than I did. My depression and anxiety are much easier to manage various life stressors and difficulties aren't spinning me out as bad and I have a lot more energy. I'm on day 4 of a Fitness Blender 8 week workout plan (something I always wanted to commit to but never had the energy and motivation to with copious amounts of vodka in my system). I'm already noticing small changes in my body partly due to a significantly healthier diet when I'm not making food choices while drunk or hungover. I started playing music again and I'm playing in my church's band tomorrow for 2 services for the first time in over a year which is something I used to love before alcohol made me cynical and jaded about the whole thing. My relationship with my wife has gotten better (wasn't bad before actually but even BETTER now) and I'm a lot less angry. Have all my problems gone away? No. Has this fixed every struggle? No but it has sure made it all a lot more manageable. I'm posting things like this so I can go back when I really want that first drink and see exactly what sobriety is doing for me and why I NEVER want to let that drunken monster back in. To anyone struggling with the decision to stop drinking I hope this gives some encouragement. It's not just a nice idea. There are very real concrete benefits to being sober. Many are different for everybody but the point is they are there and they are tangible. These are mine just from 18 days! Don't give up. Don't give in. And if you do don't hate yourself for it. Just get back up off your knees and start again. It's worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I love this post!  Way to go.  You're doing great.  Listing all the positive things in my life that I gain from avoiding alcohol was such a spectacular tool for me too.  Alcohol didn't really offer anything.  Just empty promises.  I will not drink with you today.
Yeah inspired by you. Awesome!
Fantastic!! It's a good reminder our problems don't vanish but they are vastly improved and we are able to cope better without alcohol. Plus I am experiencing the same decrease in anger and cynicism  as well as much more stable moods. IWNDWYT!!.
