-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afgt4v/what_keeps_you_from_relapsing/

I have recently quit drinking about two months ago. I'm pretty successful however I have drank once or twice. I am in this constant mental debate where I want to be sober I want to change for the better of myself but I also want to drink like a fish and just go rock bottom. I know that if I stay sober I will be a happy person and live with a clear head to see the world in front of me but I just want to drown myself in liquor and feel numb. How do you keep your head up?
----------immediate responses--------

For me it's AA for the simple fact it's accountability. 
Staying sober itself is more thing that keeps me going know starting over will be just that. Reminding myself that drunkenness is a temporary state that does give any aid to sorting through the situation that might be causing me stress. Also remembering about myself that when I drink I am unable to stop so the only way I know how to stop is to not start. 
If you want to get to rock bottom drinking is a great way to do it. Being there is what keeps me from ever wanting to go back.  
I just remind myself that alcohol is a toxic substance that will ruin my health and I cannot moderate when I drink so I better not even start. That and how freaking awful my hangovers were getting. I'm enjoying how good it feels to wake up normal these days. 
I use the play the tape strategy. When I do that I know how  just one glass of wine' will go. Sobriety isn't always a pink cloud for me...I miss it sometimes I get bored and want to get escape something to take the edge off..but ultimately things are better on this side. If I visualize what it will actually be like again on that side it's enough to reign me in.  
For me its not about being sober for the sake of being sober. Its about what I can achieve when not drinking. A weekend or day off or evening after work not wasted (those after work evenings were a big one for me- you spend a whole day at work feeling like shit like a constant hangover is how life is meant to be) Imagine not drinking but continuing all the same behaviours that came with drinking. Sitting around at a bar or at home all might not actually talking about anything of substance or achieving anything. Like building strong relationships with people. That's just as much a waste as if you did the same thing when drunk. 
