-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afhemz/uf_day_1_again/

I've been trying to rely on my family (who are all alcoholics and don't want to admit/do anything about it...not blaming them for my own addiction. Just realizing I need to do something else). I'm in a city so there are a ton of AA meetings...I never grew up with religion and a lot of them are at churches. Are there other venues? Will churches be fine with me not growing up with religion? I'm down to explore and I'm on day 2 of sobriety. I'm worried about another relapse so I want to find support systems while I'm sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

I guess churches won't do you no harm it's just  buildings. I read here that AA is doable for non religious people too just take what's usefull and politely and silently ignore what's not. Just my 5 cents without any real AA knowledge.
I'm very active in aa.  The aa meetings have nothing to do whatsoever with the church.  The church just rents out meeting rooms to aa.  This is one of the reasons we pass around a basket to collect donations at meetings.  Gotta pay rent to the church.  Churches aren't exactly rolling in dough these days so they are happy to rent out meeting rooms and think about it where else could a group like aa possibly afford to meet? It's a decentralized organization that is self supporting so we cant afford to rent out some fancy hotel conference room every week.  So churches and church basements are the cheapest and most practical venue then libraries but there are fewer meetings in libraries because they close and are owned by the city usually.  So it needs to be hammered home that aa has nothing to do in any way shape or form with the church or venue the meeting is in.  This is very important for newcomers to understand.
The meetings are not sponsored by the churches...Many meetings are in churches for this simple reason:..Each AA group is a unit unto itself self-funded and it basically has no monies except when they pass a basket for donations to cover coffee and any expenses...Churches typically offer space for two reasons:  most of their space is "empty" the majority of time (e.g. except "sunday" etc).  Since the space is empty they will allow usage for different purposes such as AA meetings for either a pittance of a donation or because that specific church sees it as an extension of supporting the community...&gt;Will churches be fine with me not growing up with religion?..That's really up to you.  AA meetings are not Sunday School they're about "not drinking" and helping others to "not drink".  There won't be any hymnals or bibles at the meetings no singing and no sermons...Just a group of people who want to talk about how to not drink and how to help other people not drink...That's it...Finally as you note ....  not all of them are in churches.  I have two main "tribes" that I attend when I can.  One meets in a room at a church and one meets in a free standing old house.
AA works wonders for Agnostics/Atheists etc.  Give it a shot.  Why not?  Like on here I like hearing people's drunkalogs.  I can take bits and pieces of their stories to help me with my story.  That's AA in a nutshell.  I've relapsed countless times.  Every time I stop going to AA.... relapse city.  I'm in a big city down here in God's country (Texas :)) so there are meetings on every corner like McDonald's.  Try it!
