-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afjk0g/finding_your_higher_power/

Hi everybody!  I am 24 days sober today and grateful.  I've been going to a ton of AA meetings and recently got a sponsor.  A stumbling block for me (and I'm sure many others) is the idea of God or a higher power.  I've heard people in meetings refer to God as  Great Out Doors   Good Orderly Direction   Good Old Dad  and even  Group of Drunks .   ..I'm interested in more acronyms like this or if anyone who's struggled with this is willing to share what they've chosen as a higher power.  ..Happy sober Sunday to all and thanks for your input!..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

It seems people love AA or not. I think AA is great but it didn't fit me. Have you looked at SMART recovery or others. I am into Refuge Recovery currently because I like the idea of "sitting" with.... I have been doing meditation practice (yoga nidra iRest) and Qi Gong exercises for a while now. They helped me with developing enough self-soothing coping mechanisms to believe I can live without alcohol. 
I went to AA for a while when I first got out of rehab and the god/higher power thing just turned me off way too much.  It was helpful to be around folks with similar issues but other than that AA really did nothing for me.  It is great for some people though... as the other person mentioned there are definitely alternative recovery groups that won't make you feel like you NEED to acquire a higher power just to stay sober. I knew from going in I never would believe in any such thing and it was just too prevalent.  I'm currently on like day 125 and haven't been going to anything for a month or so now and I'm doing just fine.  Just depends on the person I suppose.
I am a finite subset of the infinite universe. I only have control of my attitudes and actions today.  I try to live life in harmony with the universe and be of service to my fellows
My higher power is gravity.  I don't control gravity I work with gravity to walk the Earth.
