-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afk2lu/first_time/

Hi. This is alot of firsts for me. I don't use Redditbut after the day I had yesterdaymy husband showed me this Communityand I really need your help...I've been struggling with my drinking for years now. Never accepting it as the real problem it is. Always in denial after getting really drunk comparing myself to friends who were 'just as bad' ( some would really need to accept their problem too) ..Yesterday after work I got really drunkdrove to pick up my husband from the Subwayand almost had an accident. When we got home I think I tried to deny it all. I feel disgusting.i don't know how I can ever get over this feeling of having betrayed his trust so badly. And my living so selfishly. What the hell is wrong with me. I don't know where to start. This is the first time I've come to terms with the fact that this IS a serious problem.and I cannot have JUST ONE DRINK. I feel like a weight is lifted off my shoulders. But I know that's also unrealisticas we live in a placewhere people drink alotand many every day. It's at every social gathering for any reason... I need advice. Who should I tell? What do I tell them? I know I have triggers. Do I just avoid them completely? I never want to touch another drop. How do I keep this resolve going when everything is not so freshand things seem like they are doing ok? I never want to fall back into my old ways. Not only would I keep hurting myselfbut I would lose everyone around me. I already feel like I've lost a huge chunk of my husband and I don't know how to win that back with anything else but timeand proving I've changed. I don't want to live like this. I'm telling my family today. But what are the next steps for the weeks and months and years to come? Any help would be appreciated..Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! My first post in this community changed my life.  I had been trying to quit for 2.5 years and joining with group has helped me keep sober 324 days.  I come here every day...Getting help was essential. This group worked  for me.  Some folks really benefit from face to face groups like AA or SMART...I take it one day at a time. It was tough at first then it got easier.  Now I'm free and most days I don't want to drink.  The key is just not drinking today...I needed  sober people sober places  at first.  I took about a month where I didn't go anywhere with alcohol until I felt strong enough. ..Life can completely change in sobriety.  I went from being hopeless and wanting to die to being full of peace hope and freedom.  You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
You took the first step in realizing that there is a problem.  Coming here was a great second step!..If you are on a PC/laptop there is a bar to the right hand side of the screen where you can find all kinds of information.   We also have a daily 'check-in' where some people type IWNDWYT (I Will Not Drink With You Today) because it helps their accountability.  ..Who you tell and what you tell them is entirely at your discretion.  If you don't want to tell them that you are stopping drinking then "I'm on antibiotics" is a good excuse for having Non-Alcoholic (NA) drinks for a while and then you can just say that you feel so much better you've decided to stick to it.  ..Triggers is personal too.  Some people avoid bars others find they can go in and have an NA beer or wine without too much difficulty.  There's a post on here where someone wrote a note to themselves on their phone and it avoided them caving on a trigger.  You will find your own mechanisms...It sounds like your husband will be supportive of your decision.  Ask him to help you by reminding you to be strong when you want to drink ..Good luck and I hope you get support from your family today. ..
A book that had a large impact on my efforts was [Allen Carr's *Easy Way To Control Alcohol*](https://books.google.com/books?id=yPlPhQNv3RcC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false). Be kind to yourself and don't give up giving up.
Welcome to SD! This forum and its awesome members have been a game changer for me - hope you find the same support and friendship. ..Honestly and genuinely accepting that there is a problem asking for and accepting help were my biggest challenges. In your case you've chosen to address them head on - this is a great start. ..I'll ask you to start with being kind and honest with yourself. Alcohol controlled a lot of what I did and who I had become. So eliminating alcohol from my life changed me as a person - it opened me to who I really am - both good and bad. ..This is a DAY BY DAY journey for us all we are better for having you here because we get to learn from you as well. I know I'm speaking in general terms and that is for a reason - no one other than you can solve your problems. But you are more than able / adequate to do so. ..To begin I'll urge you to get a badge / daily counter. The sober days keep adding up and it is a fantastic motivational tool. Journal your thoughts here. This is a remarkably non-judgmental group of folks. Read of others struggles and hopefully you will be thankful that you stopped digging yourself deeper. I usually set aside some time to spend at SD. ..Again welcome! I hope 2019 is the start of lifelong sobriety for you. I will not drink with you today. 
