-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afva14/going_into_rehab_in_two_hours_wish_me_luck/

I can't do this anymore guys. I relapsed and fucked up my whole life. Two DUIs in 24 hours and i was so fucked up i don't remember the last one until i woke up in jail. ..Don't be me.  Please.  Sobriety is the key to a healthy life.  I want to be better.  ..Does anyone know what i can or can't take with me to rehab? I'm terrified  but i'm going. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time. .You will be safe
Welcome to the rest of your life.
I hope it works out... Good luck x
My situation isn't too far different from yours...A line I was told that has been helping me is "If you do the right things the right things will happen". So if you are now taking the right steps and continue to take the right steps things will turn around and move in the right direction...Sending all of the good thoughts I can. Stay strong and good luck...&amp;#x200B;
Baby steps...and it's ok if it's two forward three back. You are starting your journey to the rest of your life. Let the healing begin :) all the luck to you 
I did an outpatient program. I listened. I identified in. I followed direction. It wasn't always easy but it worked.  Bring clothes toiletries and an open mind. Good luck
Congrats friend and welcome. I went thru rehab back in 3/18 and it was a lifesaver. I hope you can understand this as it is not meant to be mean or cold...IMHO...Luck has nothing to do with it!! I had to do the Work. I built a set of tools that help me to live sober. You have stated a desire to be better. That is something I try to do every day. I did not come out of rehab cured. I did come out with the knowledge that I need to keep climbing the mountain. Stay strong! You are not alone! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace..PS...a call to the facility should get you a list of what is allowed. I am sure they are all different. Obviously nothing w/alcohol...read lables...it's everywhere. At mine phones were not allowed. All of my prescription meds were taken and given in correct doses at correct times. ..Early on in my time I found a few others who were serious about stopping. Lots of court ordered folks there were not. I kept them close and it helped. Honesty Openmindedness and Willingness served me well. Please come back and let us know how it went. Peace
It's gonna be okay. Actually it's gonna be awesome! Let us know how it goes  
I do wish you luck hope self discovery and pain. Pain only because it motivates you for a better life. I hope you never forget what brought you to rehab. I also wish you forgiveness for yourself. You are a badass! IWNDWYT!
Sending you strength for this part of your journey. Come here when you can for lots of ongoing support. Dig deep - you can do this    
IWNDWYT
Rehab works for those who are willing to do the work. I followed the rules did assignments when suggested sat in the front row and tried to keep an open mind. I wish I had brought more socks and underwear. When it was over I followed their suggestions when I got out which meant continuing to attend meetings. I figured I was desperate as hell to stop drinking so I might as well do everything that was suggested. What did I have to lose by trying?
Best of Luck! It is well  worth it. I went to rehab twice and the 2nd time is when i really wanted to save my life. Now i have good and bad days but so grateful to be sober. IWNDWUT! 
I went to outpatient (I know it's different) and the best decision I ever made.  Good luck.  
Good luck my friend.  
Good luck and much love. IWNDYT..Take care.
I wish you the best. Hang in there and IWNDWYT.
I am sending you good vibes and encouragement on the first day of your new life. ..You have an amazing opportunity! ..Be Blessed on your journey my friend.  
Every one is different but basically just clothes personal items not containing alcohol. They don't want you to have any distractions so no phones laptops iPods or even books. And it will get you kicked out  - they are serious about that. 
Probably the best place to be after going through that. A place where everyone understands you and without judgement. Hang in :) and don't forget to pack nail clippers lol.
My detox was in a psychiatric care center so things that you could use to hurt yourself were out: shoe laces razors strings on pajama pants (the ones used to adjust the waist.) I brought books and personal care items but those took a few (3 of my 5 days) to get cleared to me. No jewelry phone wallet. They provided me with soap toothbrush toothpaste. Laundry facility on site with supervision. Oh and if you're a cigarette smoker they gave you a patch. That was the toughest part for me. I really wanted to smoke.
They took my bra and Jeans and shoe laces. Also my purse. Lounge clothes and sandal or slides are what I had brought to me they told me to pack for 3 days ended up a 9 day detox stay. Had a couple books and puzzle book. And cigarettes if you smoke. They let you check out a razor if you need to shave but you have to give it back. Good luck!!!! Looking forward to hearing from you coming out the other side.
Been to a couple. They didn't work but I'll explain that later. You can take anything you want but everything you bring in will be examined and any kind of contraband will be removed. For example they took away my mouthwash because it had alcohol and they took away my sinus medication because it had anti-histamines. Couple of good books is about the only thing I would recommend. Most rehabs try to keep you busy (so you don't think about booze) so you don't have a ton of free time. ..Rehab didn't work for me because I hadn't hit bottom yet. I still had a job a place to live even a car. I still didn't believe I was an alcoholic that there was some magic moderation formula out there and all I had to do was find it. So I spent 13 fruitless years on that quest losing everything important to me in the process before I finally accepted what I was: an alcoholic who can't moderate. ..The sooner you make that realization the better off you will be. I learned a lot at various rehabs that helped me when I finally did get sober so it's worth it to pay attention at the sessions. But I found the rehab "talking sessions" were too unfocused and had not theme tying them together. ..That's why when I finally admitted I was an alcoholic AA worked like a charm. I don't believe in God so I just used my group as my "higher power" and it was relatively easy to stop with their support. I found in our "Step" meetings that I was able to let out my fears and my guilt and that helped calm my soul enough that I don't need booze anymore. AA has a on-going process by which you examine yourself periodically assess that with someone else and then try to make the changes required. I'm almost 6 years sober and I've found AA has improved many other areas of my life far beyond alcohol. I hope you'll give it a try when you get out. 
You can do this!!! Maybe take some books! Rooting for you!!!!  
That's a great choice. Some of us can't just 'not drink'. We really have to actively pursue sobriety and make it a focal point of our lives. I fought sobriety for years because I couldn't wrap my brain around that thought. ..Now it's like managing any other chronic illness. Some days I have to put a lot of effort into it. Other days it's super easy. But it's foundational to my ability to be a functioning normal person...I've never been to rehab before but people I know have said to bring as little as possible. They'll let you know what is okay but it might be better to leave anything that reminds of or connects you to the outside behind. That way you can focus on the work.
Sorry to hear that happened but well done for taking this step. I hope it goes well
It's a first day of your new life! Let's make it a success! Keep it up my friend..
Rehab is cool!  Good on you!
You got this!!
May you go forth and conquer your demons!
[removed]
Rehab saved my life.  I'm also charged with two DUI's. The consequences will come and I will deal with them...Soak it all in and sober up.  I'm sober 4 hours at a time. I don't count days. Don't think of what happened yesterday or what will happen tommorow.  Only worry about today.
&gt;Don't be me..We're all you. There's no shame in recognizing it. Going to rehab really really helped me. You can bounce back and experience a very happy life. I am.
IWNDWYT..Take care of yourself
Good luck! Each day is a mother opportunity to better yourself!..IWNDWYT
Im currently in the hospital doing my medical detox. Tomorrow i leave for rehab. From what i understand. All you bring is yourself and clothing.  Where im going they take your cell phone away. Not sure if that will be diffrent for you. 
Best of luck to you and a happy follow up life! ..I am sorry though you're going through such a shitty time ugh. But today really is the first day of a new life as someone stated before...And don't ever drag yourself down or beat yourself up because of alcohol induced mistakes! That wasn't you.
Good on you for going to rehab.  Here's some advice that I wish I knew before hand:..While you need to follow the program...it is okay to advocate for yourself while you are there.  It is okay to question certain parts of your treatment.  Just make sure you do it in a professional manner...Like *any* industry...there are rehab facilities that can be predatory.  One thing I experienced is that many staff will tell you "don't worry about it....just get better"...only to find some of the people I went in with getting stuck with huge bills...I was told by my union "Everything is covered....just go and get better"...only to be hit with surprise bills &amp; later collection letters when the insurance company started to deny certain things...I want to reiterate.....rehab is absolutely necessary for people in that position.  You need help.  However can't ignore that there were times when I was absolutely taken advantage of because of the situation I was in...and was accused of "trying to run my own treatment" when I questioned things...So yes....go in....follow the program...get better....but keep your eyes open and advocate for yourself when necessary.
I've never been but I'm with you on this -- this community has your back. You can do it. 
You're not alone. We're here for you. My greatest fear is hurting the ones I love as I've done so many times in the past. That's what drives me to sobriety. You're supported by the whole community. Don't give up we're there with you and we've all been through the same issues and struggled with the same questions. I will not drink with you today! 
I know it feels like you fucked up "your whole life" but you can and will make it through this. I don't know your situation (family job etc) so I'm not trying to downplay that you might be in some really deep shit. But if you can take hold of the principles of sober living and really seize this opportunity it could turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to you in the long run. A turning point. Good luck!
I wish you the best. IWNDWYT
Good luck and you got this! IWNDWYT
It's been five hours so you're already gone. If your rehab is like the ones I'm familiar with you're going to lose internet access for a while so with that in mind:..Fucking good on you buddy!! I doubt many if any of us didn't look and feel like total disasters when entering rehab. Hopefully by the time you see this you've got some days under your belt and are feeling the early positive effects of sobriety. ..Sending you much love and support...IWNDWYT.
Went into rehab in November. Best thing I've ever done. Welcome to sobriety pal
I got out of rehab on Dec 18th you'll be fine as long as you put in the work. A lot of rehab I thought was conforming to a normal schedule and keeping yourself busy. ..One thing i realized they didn't help me with is to prepare for the fallout that you left behind and have to deal with once you get out I would suggest not doing that on your own though and working on it with a counselor...That being said I understand why that is try to forget whats going on the outside for the most part and just focus on yourself leave the drama you left at home at home and just work on you. 
really random advice but take it from someone who's been 8 times for 3 different substances (never alcohol bizarrely enough). there's gonna be a time where someone in charge is going to give a speech about how "dating in rehab is like shopping in the dented can aisle" whatever the fuck that means.....Anyway always pull the PC card on this one. Make a scene about it and how it's disrespectful to call women dented cans and all that. you will make many girlfriend's. ..It's nice to have a little someone to mess around with. Makes the time pass faster. Just don't talk to them outside of rehab once you get out. That's where they get ya. 
BEST decision I ever made. You'll never regret loving yourself.     
I wish you the best of luck and all the joy on the better days ahead of you.
Rehab works if you work it. I went in through detox. In detox we didn't have anything not even cell phones. After the first two days you get your clothes back. ..I struggled at first. However it got me on the path. Part of it was AA meetings. I balked a little at the hold hands and pray stuff but it is about a tradition and fellowship. No one is pushing religion. AA as a follow up is what made the difference and kept me on track. ..The best thing for me was the medical monitoring and the opportunity to get meds that would help with anxiety. I also became really close to the people I did group with. It was a great experience. 
Get help. You deserve it. IWNDWYT
Big time fuck ups can have the most positive of outcomes. ..I had a car crash I was over the limit nobody injured or involved (thank fuck) other than me. I should have died from my injuries - anyway it was a big big slap around the face from life telling me to sort myself out. That crash was one of the best things to ever happen to me. ..I reckon you'll be better stronger and more clear in your mind about what you want with your life. I reckon your new perspective will make the choices you're going to be making so much easier - do it because this is what you have to do. You are not giving anything up you are dragging yourself out of a shit situation and making your life better. .
Everyone's already pretty much answered your question on what you can take in. ..Best of luck to you. It gets better. Hell it has to get better after 2 DUI's in 24 hours. 
sending love and light. you are strong and capable. here's to the future! 
We're all here rooting for you. You got this. ..IWNDWYT 
You can do this!! 
Look at all the people here supporting you!  You are not alone.  All of us may be at different places but we share one thing: we are not  normal  drinkers and we need help.  For many of us there is a little voice that tells us we can drink like normal people.  We can't.  If we could we wouldn't even lurk on this site.  All of our stories are similar to yours.  Be good to yourself; submit to the program and don't worry about tomorrow.  Thinking of you.
I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY! NO MORE DUIS! NO MORE BOOZE! YOU CAN DO IT!
Bring lots of books and music. Best of luck my friend. I wish you well.
Every rehab is a bit different. If you're going into detox first you probably wont be able to take anything with you aside from clothing. ..Best of luck I got out in  November and it was the best month of my life. 
Good luck. 
Good luck. You will be fine. Take care of yourself. 
I know you are already in there but still hoping for strength and peace for you..IWNDWYT!
Graduated from rehab on December 10th 2018. It really is a priceless experience if you're actually committed to your recovery and bettering your life. You're going to hear things you disagree with that piss you off and that change your life. ..Living in close quarters with men for a long period of time in a  therapeutic  setting is a lot different from jail. Just don't slip into jail mentalities and try and  fuck the system  or get drawn in to groups that do. ..You're there for you you're kids (if you have them) your SO (if you have one) and the rest of your family. The tools they teach you are truly priceless. Sometimes you'll think it's all too much that it doesn't apply to you or that you're different. These are lies your addiction tells you to try and keep ahold of you. Take back your life and join in the brotherhood it'll be the best worst time of your life. ..And something I started to tell myself in treatment that I still try and say every day now. .. I **AM** better today than I was yesterday.  ..You are better today than you were yesterday by making this decision. Commit yourself to constantly improving and bettering yourself. You are better today than you were yesterday. Stay strong. Do hard things. IWNDWYT
Rehab saved my life...Let it save yours too!
The only thing we can control with any regularity at all is our perception of events.  If you think it will be horrible guess what it will. However  This could also be the most amazing and fulfilling experience of your life so far. You get some time away from the world just to work on yourself.  That is a beautiful thing and I have to admit in some ways I'm a bit jealous.   If you can keep a positive attitude and an open mind you might be suprised the beauty you find.  And don't forget to be gentle with yourself.  You've probably been viewing yourself through beer goggles for some time now so reality might be a bit jarring at first but I guarantee if you look deeply and listen closely you will find something to love.   Keep walking towards that love and it will soon surround you.  ..IWNDWYT 
Hang in there. Sending you good vibes.
You're going to do great OP. You're going to beat this shit and you're going to take back your life. You will succeed. 
