-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ag219p/i_know_drinking_doesnt_solve_anything/

I've been struggling with depression for as long as I can remember--I am an only child and was kind of an outcast at school. There was nothing really wrong with me I just never had a box to fit into. Growing up in the snobby school system that I did if you didn't have a clique or group then you were simply alone. ..While my social life got better as time went on (I'm early 20s now) I still only have a couple good friends that I regularly hang out with; one was actually supposed to come over tonight but he cancelled on me a couple hours ago. I was really looking forward to the visit and the human interaction if that doesn't sound creepy. ..Anyway why I'm here. I've been about a week sober--I kinda slipped last Sunday and had a few but not enough to get blackout drunk like usual. Time has been moving at a snails pace--apparently things move slower when you have the presence of mind to experience it. I'm bored really. I want to go out with people. I should be working on a project but its overwhelming--it's anxiety inducing...Depression and loneliness is creeping into my thoughts tonight. Theres a bar across the street from my apartment. I am so incredibly tempted to go if only for the chance to talk to someone for a moment. The only thing holding me back is the thought of me being stupid drunk and worse hungover tomorrow. ..I know I sound lame and weird and weak almost but it was nice to get that off my chest and shout it to the void. Thanks mate for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

It's a tough road to hoe without some tools.  I used books like This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained.  Some people like AA.  I liked Smart Recovery.  It's free online and under the resources tab are a lot of tools. IWNDWYT
Hey mate great job on reaching out :)...Have you ever sought counseling for the depression? In my experience I found that being treated by a counselor for my depression that *also* specialized in addiction counseling worked very well...It's difficult to deal with the loneliness and depression once we get sober. For so long all we've known in that damn bottle. ..I found that I needed to get out of my comfort zone attend meetings make new friends volunteer and of course you can always start by hanging out here in our IRC...the room is always filled with kind supportive SDer's that have been where you are; we 'get it'...This is not lame/weird/weak - rather I'm proud of you for coming here and writing this post. Your strength is shining through ;).
Not lame or weird! I'm also a week in and while this morning started off productive and happy somehow I've gotten into a funk. I feel pointless and anxious I dunno. Hoping a yoga class later this evening will help... we'll see...Basically you're not alone. I feel you. No matter how bored or blah Iwndwyt. Let's turn a week into two 
Good for you. Reaching out and making connections helps. I am not super into AA but have found that the meetings are supportive and filled with all types of personalities. It's nice to be in a room with folks going through the same things. .Carry on and IWNDWYT 
The "void" is hearing you.  This is the place to get things off your chest...If you can resist the temptation to drink it might do you some good to wander over to the bar and order anything without alcohol.  As long as you're holding a glass in your hand you won't seem out of place there.  At least you can get the human interaction for a short while that you want.  If you know that you'll drink alcohol while there then it's best to just stay home.
Are you me?  Every syllable you uttered describes my beginning stage.  Once I took of the mask of being drunk I had to face my depressed self.  It's a good thing I did.  Got help for that and while the world isn't always a rosy place at least I can see it (an myself) with far more clarity.  Let's not drink tonight together.
Depression is rough but alcohol is a depressant and will only make you feel worse. When I'm feeling really down and can't muster the strength to do much i find a subreddit like this one or r/happy and just make some positive encouraging comments to posts. It makes me feel a little bit more connected to humanity (even if it is virtual) and the possibility of brightening someone's day makes ME feel good. :)..I hope you are feeling better soon...it's too bad all of us who didn't fit into that "box" couldn't find each other a little easier. I have a feeling there are a lot of us out there!
