-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ag2gsc/i_feel_im_struggling_in_every_facet_of_my_life/

I usually don't come on here and post my personal negativity but I'm really struggling mentally and I don't have any IRL friends. I have social anxiety disorder and it's tearing me down. I am in cognitive behavioral therapy but I can't tell if I'm making any progress (3 months into it). My anxiety has been pretty awful throughout the holidays and colder months (I have seasonal affective disorder too). I started doing Whole 30 (a difficult elimination diet where I was eating nothing but meat veg and fruit) on January 1 and broke my attempt today after just feeling completely miserable in life currently. I wanted to succeed in that but I am fucking miserable. I am a little over 3 weeks sober for the first time in 6 months probably. My brain just feels like it's so confused by my actions to stop drinking and change my eating habits - I keep having brain fog and my memory is shit so forget the fad diet that's step one. Step two is continue to not drink even though all of this feeling miserable makes me want to do it to escape. Step three is I have to stop drinking caffeine too. It definitely affects my mood it makes me agitated and irritable and makes my anxiety worse but I keep doing it another addiction. I had a real problem with sugar too that's why I started Whole 30 but apparently I need complex carbs (or at least my brain thinks I do). It's taking everything not to eat a bunch of candy right now. It's like I'm trying to fill all the empty holes with shit shit that doesn't work. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you it sucks to feel like that. For what it's worth it I think it's helpful to do these one at a time. Not drinking &amp; a major diet change at the same time is A LOT of change all at once for our bodies &amp; brains. If it were me I wouldn't feel too bad about breaking the diet. Keep up the good work my friend on the 22 days! 
Come on and bitch any time you need to.  I found one thing at a time works best.  So for nine years I've been slowly taking away one thing and adding one thing.  All related to food smoking drinking.  IWNdWYT
Yes you need complex carbs aka vegetables and fiber.  I have heard a couple of people who had radical auto immune diseases get relieif on a carnivore diet.  Not for the average bear though.  Congrats on 3 weeks.
Thank you so much for your encouragement   
I remember the brain fog when I first stopped drinking.  At some point it disappeared probably a few weeks into it.  Your body chemistry is adjusting to the new regimen.  Give it some time and it will adjust and you will feel better...IWNDWYT
Sounds like you are about where you should be. Try to go easy on yourself you don't have to be perfect. If you feel like you are struggling that's probably because you are getting stronger. This stuff takes time.     
