-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ag4c3e/update_it_wasnt_easy_but_i_finally_clawed_my_way/

HUGE progress here. Some of you have been following my journey. Basically I was getting a PhD at a top university and then developed a drinking problem one of my advisors turned on me (some of this was fair I guess but some of this was not) and I left the program for a few years and struggled with drinking on and off. I felt so ashamed and stupid for wasting such a wonderful opportunity. Like I don't even know how I got admitted in the first place and then I just wasted it and let it get away from me. ..A month or so after I stopped drinking I told myself I would lose my excess weight. So I did that. Finishing my PhD was the next challenge. I dithered a while on this reached out to some friends and one offered to be my writing accountability partner. I signed up for a writing productivity program and wrote a whole fucking chapter without an advisor helping me. Then I wrote to my original advisors to see if they would be on board again and both of them declined. The one I mentioned above retired and the other is on medical leave. There was a third person I asked that I really wanted and she never replied. ..I asked another person who rejected me - like their field was not that close. I was upset but I decided I would travel across the country to my university to ask in person. I rehearsed how I would present my case in different scenarios if they said no for different reasons. ..I met with the professor who declined because he is in an unrelated field. I tried to change his mind. I have never done this before. It did not work but it did feel empowering to try. In that meeting I also learned that a very bad professor who is a predator whom I avoided based on others' advice did something to negatively influence my standing in the department. I told the dean last week who laughed it off. I feared that this unfair thing done by that bad man would affect my ability to get an advisor. ..I went into today's important meetings with the professors I really wanted as my advisors including the one who never responded feeling like a reject and a failure. But after speaking with her I believe she never got the email (when I wrote again to ask to meet with her she didn't mention the other email from a month earlier). When I met with her and told her about my project and asked her to be my advisor she said she would be honored. And then the other one I met with agreed too! They are both so brilliant and seem like kind people. I am so relieved and happy. I am still in shock. A big part of me feels like a failure and a reject. I can't believe I get a second chance at this. ..Sorry this is complicated with all the different professors. Basically I am back where I started four years ago. But perhaps my new advisors are better for me and my project and I am over a year sober and I have a new chapter that I wrote all by myself. I have a husband and a toddler who love me. I am nervous to send my chapter to them. But I am so fucking proud of myself for summoning the courage to start over and see it through to the point of traveling to the other coast to plead my case. ..I wrote you all asking for support this past summer and the messages really helped me take the first step in this. I am still scared but am learning to follow the fear to accept that there will be disappointments and a little chaos but to stay laser focused. I learned that here first...I will not fucking drink with you today!!! Woohoo!!
----------immediate responses--------

This is beautiful news--I remember your saga. Lately I've been thinking more and more like this: maybe I am \*right on time.\* Maybe I wouldn't have been ready for what is coming in my life had I achieved any of it while mired in vodka. With each new event that appears for me these days I'm believeing this more and more. The universe has backed up my choice to quit drinking BIG TIME. It's really hard to believe anything else at this point. Perhaps you are experiencing the same. I am so glad to hear it and keep us all updated yeah? Kudos bubbuty!
Wow! I remember your other posts thanks for keeping us updated. You are rocking this thing! Good for you keeping strong and following through. I can't wait to hear what you accomplish next. You are awesome and inspiring.
    
I am so happy for you - and so proud of you too for staying with the process to get your PhD back on track. Go you! Your sobriety had made you a force for good in your world - and that toddler you have now is going to be sooooo impressed with their clever determined and talented Mom! xx.
Congratulations on your persistence and belief in your dream!.IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing your wonderful success story.  Woo-Hoo!!!!!!!!!!IWNDWYT
Congratulations!  That's awesome progress good luck!
You are amazing: you had all the excuses you needed to just move on with life. But no! While not only in recovery with a spouse and new child you tackled some heavy things to get back on track with your PhD...I will not fucking drink with you today either!!!
That's so great that these two new advisors see the work you've put in and the desire and effort you WILL put in. .  Good job!!.I will not fucking drink with you either!  
You. Rock...Such an inspirational story thank you for sharing!
I've got nothing but awe at your dogged perseverance. An inspiring example of stick-with-it-ness. You earned whatever good comes of this and I hope that feels great. IWNDWYT
Thanks for the update!  Fantastic progress!
I read your previous posts and it upset me to no end as I think I messed up my PhD proposal during a relapse last year am was experiencing similar feeling of unworthiness and regret...I am so proud of you for pushing through. It's so easy to take things personally and get dejected. Breaking that pattern is the hard part and you did it!! ..You've inspired me to write to my potential supervisor to ask for feedback...Yay for recovering alcoholic women in academia! ..IWDWYT 
Amazing story! Well done!.As for drinking: I actually just right now made a connection that this is a second reason I dropped out after 4 years. I am amazed that I never realized it before. Thank you for your post.
Thanks for the update. I can't wait to read the one where you get the PhD!
Congratulations. Great comeback story. Iwndwyt
Yes! Look at how you just kept going even when it felt it wasn't working. You didn't give up! That's totally awesome...When I was drinking - I'd lay down and never fight my own corner I'm starting to do that again. It's hard work but worth it! ..Amazing work. IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT
I am in a similar suitation. I dropped my PhD and am thinking about picking it back up again. It's been 3 years. I drank for the last few years and never had motivation to finish. I was about 3 months off submitting. ..All the best to you - I hope you get it finished! 
I remember your other posts and wondered how it worked out. I'm so glad it did! Great job. 
