-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ag7263/defeated/

I tried and yesterday I lost to the demon. I really want to quit my life is a shit show. The struggle is real and I dont know what to do...I will try again today and be stronger I hope for myself and my loved ones IWNDT IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You're not defeated you said so yourself!  You are trying again and that's all that matters. ..I've been kicked by the demon twice but the bruises have slowly gone away. ..Sober on with me my friend! 
[removed]
Just a bump on the road friend! You got this
Not a defeat a setback. Just keep on keeping on. Today is new and bright and full of possibility.  
Its a fight over many rounds. ..&amp;#x200B;..In the words of Alfred to Bruce We fall over so that we can learn to pick ourselves up...&amp;#x200B;.. IWNDWYT 
Don't give up. Never give up. Took me a bunch of times too. I'm not drinking with you today. 
You got this. Iwndwyt 
In 'This Naked Mind' the author talks about the fact that willpower is a finite resource that is simply not up to the task of battling addiction. Therefore it is not a matter of being 'weak' and just needing to be 'stronger'. In fact that whole mindset just goes from bad to worse as attempts to be 'stronger' fail and you just end up beating yourself up for not 'having more willpower' which leads to a downward spiral...Instead you need to systematically root out the underlying causes of the internal battle. The author Annie Grace does this through a method that she calls liminal messaging.  It worked wonders for me. Check out the book or at least go to her website; you can get a free preview and watch some of her videos. You got this. IWNDWYT.
I tried so many times too. Keep going. Keep trying. Sober days are better than non-sober days no matter how many you string together in a row. 
IWNDWYT!! 
Ur back here. Keep trying itll stick sooner or later. I stuck later but here I am nearing 200. IWNDWYT
Keep going keep trying I will not drink with you today 
AA
Many of us have been trying to quit for years. What happens with sobriety is that so long as you keep coming back to it it develops into a learning process. Some of us have to write our own textbook for how to address this and that can take a lot of time before you get it right.  ...I'm somebody who's been trying for four years to get it right. What I've found to be plain and true is that when you slip so long as you jump right back onto sobriety you can keep the momentum of what you've learned going. I don't recommend slipping but if you achieve a few days and you're waking up better and eating right and feeling all around good then one slip will teach you just how painful this life is and you can take that nugget of information and use it to propel you the next couple of days and eventually you will reach that craving that seems insurmountable and be able to best it.   ...If you totally fall off though and just go under for days weeks months or years again--- it does reset. But one night? dI'm in the school of not kicking yourself when you're already down. You already know you have a problem because you're pursuing sobriety and you know to address this. So you had a slip; figure out why but more importantly just let it go for now ensure today is sober and get the wheels rolling again asap before you go diving too far and god knows whenever you'll make it back. A lot of us myself included have been sobers for months and some years and then had one slip and let it take them down the entire waterfall and back to starting months or years later...Don't let it happen. Be vigilant and get that sober day in following the slip no matter what. It can make a huge difference.
You are only defeated when you stop trying. Every day is a battle but every day is also a new day. The darkest hour comes before the dawn. We all go through it every day. So today I'm with you - and just for today we won't drink...together. Yes? 
Today is a new day. IWNDWYT
I have approximately 50 badge resets under my belt and they all felt awful. But we have to just keep moving forward. You really want to quit and create a new life so you will find a way. I heard something the other day re: failure that really stuck with me. "Failure is not an event that determines your future and isn't a verdict of your worth. It is a result you get when you try something that doesn't work/isn't successful." ..I failed innumerable times and each time was an opportunity to understand what I did incorrectly to stay sober. Keep tinkering with it keep learning through this process and you'll discover what resonates and works for you. We're rooting for you! 
You slipped yesterday and yet you're already here! Last time I slipped up it took me almost a year to come back (Sunday was Day 1 for me so this is RECENT history we are talking about.) You are not defeated you are a bad ass warrior who jumped back onto that horse the second your backside touched the ground. I'm proud of you and IWNDWYT.
You're here so that's a big step!..Do you have a typical window during the day that you drink?  If so is there something else you can do to kill that time?  I've been hitting up meetings in the evening and by the time I get home I'm starving so I stuff my face watch some TV and crash.
Are you using any tools?  AA/Smart Revoery/ Refugee Recovery/ books/ SD is great but most people need other tools as well.  IWndWYT
[removed]
Admitting complete defeat was what I had to do to know that I just can't drink safely. Iwndwyt and We're all gonna fuckin' make it 
What does your daily program of sobriety look like?  What are the things you do every single day to get and remain sober for 24 hours?  You describe trying.  Is that trying you describe actually just thinking or does it involve real practices things you do every single day over and over and over?  It was not until I understood that we work our way into sobriety not think our way in that I started to get really and truly sober and happy.
Today is all that matters Iwndwyt
Try again my friend- I'll try with you.Glad your here
Well coming to a close of my first day i think I found my trigger. Seems like the morning after a shower is when the craving hits so this morning i thought id play it out didnt take a shower till afternoon stayed in bed until then cravings were less. ..Tomorrow will be different i have a meeting with my counsellor at 9:30am maybe between the session and coming home ill dodge the craving bullet. But the plus side i didnt touch a drop today and have dinner ready for my gf. :)
