-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ag97x9/made_it_almost_a_month_and_then_messed_up_and/

I tried to stop for the first time on 12/12/18 I liked that it was easy to remember. I've been drinking since I was 14 and heavily since 22. I turned 28 on on the 8th of this month. The past few years I've drank everyday without fail and my life has been falling apart. I'm developing health complications and struggling to keep up with my job. My mom is an alcoholic too and her and my younger brother are my only family. Because of that I always get depressed on my birthday. This year I was alone since I had off and my g/f who I live with had work. There was alcohol in the house because I rent the lower apartment from my mom. I drank a 750 of vodka at 6am and apparently went out to buy another (there's a store in walking distance). When my gf got home she said my eyes were rolled in the back of my head and when she turned me over I immediately started puking. I woke up for work the next day feeling like death but still made it to my job before open at 7am. I can't explain how terrible I felt. I looked through my phone at all the unanswered birthday wishes from friends the long heartfelt text from my gf starting with   I know you won't see this until tomorrow but you're breaking my heart and I'm so worried...  I teared up while puking in a garbage can behind my desk and felt nothing but hate for myself. ..I haven't drank again since. On the 12th of this month I cursed myself for not making it a month. I'm going to keep trying until I shake this. I hate what I've become. I used to write music everyday and have a SoundCloud filled with original songs that hasn't been updated in years. I used to draw and run and play competitive video games. I've lost all my skills and pride and all I want is to become even a fraction of what I was. ..You all have been a great source of inspiration. I feel pretty good today and I wanted to share my thanks to this sub. Good luck to all of us!..PS I also missed my cake day karma grab :/
----------immediate responses--------

You are here and that is s a good sign. It took me seven resets (after my last of many attempts to quit over many years) before I was able to stop drinking for good. I would suggest saving this post and referring to it next time you the drinking demons come calling. You can do this u/rcris18 it's just too important not to. 
You are here and that is a good sign. It took me seven resets (after my last of many attempts to quit over many years) before I was able to stop drinking for good. I would suggest saving this post and referring to it next time you the drinking demons come calling. You can do this u/rcris18 it's just too important not to.
You are here and that is a good sign. It took me seven resets (after my last of many attempts to quit over many years) before I was able to stop drinking for good. I would suggest saving this post and referring to it next time your drinking demons come calling. You can do this u/rcris18 it's just too important not to.
You got this.. IWNDWYT!
First of all happy birthday!  I think it's pretty amazing that you've really only drank once over the last month since you drank so frequently before it...I messed up after I started trying to quit.  I messed up bad once -- put myself in danger risky behavior the whole thing.  The important part was that I didn't give up.  You're already off to a great start.  IWNDWYT!
So where do you want to be a month from now?
I believe in you. I believe you have the desire the will the courage and the determination to break through. Happy Birthday friend. Never give up. Look forward not backward. Peace.
Happy birthday man. It looks like you have the conviction just put the plan in motion and stick with it.  iwndwyt!
I hate what alcohol has done to you and me...STRENGTH
happy belated! Mine was Jan 9th. On Jan 11th of 2018 I woke up and decided I need to get sober for a lot of the same reasons you feel you need to. On Jan 11th 2018 I celebrated 3 months of **continuous** sobriety. It's a long forever journey so good thing you aren't stayin down when ya fell down cause. Congrats and IWDWYT!
I started early like you- 13...have an alcoholic mum too.I kept drinking- wasting my life and making mess after mess.Try again and again if that's what it takes.You got this .Glad your here
Happy Birthday and sorry you're going through this! I am only 5 days sober and it's been rough! This group as well as remember how much pain I was in the hospital help stop from picking up a bottle! I'm going to tell you what  a lot of people have been telling me on is to not be so hard on yourself. It's so easy and then it turns into a rabbit hole! My doctor told me after I said I'm embarrassed of myself is that I should at this like other disease like diabetes and people with diabetes have bad days with their diet. I know it's not exactly the same but it did help me put things into perspective and not hate myself so much! Best wishes and you can do this!! 
