-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agdmtl/dry_and_depressed/

Been in a royal funk the past couple of days. Not sure why either. Nothing upsetting or bad is happening to me. I've struggled with depression all my life and my solution used to be turning to the bottle. Not that I found any answers at the bottom. I'm irritated and sad today and even though I know it will only make me feel worse all I want is a drink. ..I'm choosing not to have one but goddamnit do I want one...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Feel you! It's been a pain in ass week already...sometimes it just has to pass...IWNDWYT 
Hope you feel better. #1 have you looked into Paws?  #2 do you have a psychiatrist?
Me too. I think I crave wanting to feel DIFFERENT. ..I'm feeling down this week too. IWNDWYT 
A saying that helps me in such times is "this too shall pass". .You have felt this before and made it through.  Feeling discomfort will not hurt you.  .Also hope you can find another way ot getting out of your head.  Excercise? Yoga?  Treat yourself to some takeout?  Good luck. IWNDWYT. 
It really sucks not to be able to escape myself like I've been used to with drinking. The saying from AA  We didn't become sober in order to become miserable  has been floating around my head lately because well I feel miserable. The only thing that is helping me make it one day to the next is that I'm taking steps and trying different things. Many in recovery say it's a combination of things that help them through. So I try different books different meetings and I have an appointment coming up with a psychiatrist. I also reach out and commiserate with others cause this shit is hard but we don't have to do it alone. What other steps could you take to improve your mental health? Maybe that next thing you do holds the all powerful secret to the combination. 
Hopefully the rest of the week will be a cake walk. IWNDWYT
There are definitely still weeks when I have to hunker down eat some ice cream play video games etc to ride that wave it. I do know that it is finite and the tide surely rolls back in.
