-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agelvt/28f_married_mom_of_2_tired_of_being_overweight/

TLDR is the title...I'm not going to sugar coat it here I don't think I have to hide from you guys. My husband and I love to drink. That's how we bonded it's how we have fun it's our date nights it's our comedown after a long day of raising kids. We have a pretty non traditional life. He is an entrepreneur at home I work 6 months of the year and am paid for 12. We have money and are comfortable. ..We get our older kid to school and back on time every day participate in PTA host the classroom parties do fun stuff with the little one. We are what I would consider pretty functioning alcoholics but alcoholics none the less. Every day we would wake up hungover and swear tonight would be different but as you can guess the kids went to bed and one of us enable the other and suddenly there is a bottle of whiskey being opened and we are up til 2 am being stupid again...I (both of us for that matter) have always struggled with severe depression. Two huge contributors would be my weight and my alcohol being that it's a depressant. Sure I function but when I would get depressed it would be Hours in bed crying husband having to pick up my slack just generally feeling worthless... I quit drinking January 6th and every day I am feeling more depressed thAn the day before. I was band-aiding all of my pain and problems by drinking  and now I have to feel it all. I don't feel connected to my husband because he is still drinking every night. I feel like I am just going through motions to get to bed time so I can get in bed and browse reddit until it's time to sleep so I can wake up and get through another day. Rather than my depressive episodes before which might have lasted half a day this just feels worse and worse every day.  I don't know. The mornings are easier with the kids. I know I'm better for them.  I'm exercising or doing yoga every day. I'm setting a better example. I'm losing weight. I promised myself a month and I'm not going to drink tonight but I thought maybe someone here could relate because right now my best friend is still stuck in the shit and I don't feel like I have anyone to talk to. I tried talking to a friend and she said she was worried about me so I shut down the conversation because that's not what I wanted to get into..Sorry for the rant. Just reaching out. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for reaching out. It sounds hard because it is hard.  If the mornings are better focus on that being a motivator and how much better you are for your kids.  Wishing you the very best.
I'm sorry you're having issues with this. I'm not in a similar situation so I can't really relate necessarily but if perhaps you can accentuate and display and discuss the positive benefits it's bringing to you you could possibly lead by example into him giving it a try if for nothing else but a support system anyhow. ..I wish I had a better answer for you but I do wish you the best and hope you're able to find the positives. We're all here to help too however we can...P.S. I love your username 
That's hard. I feel what you're saying on many levels. My husband and I drank a lot together it's what we did. I stopped and the same thing- he's drinking and I feel weird. Hes been pretty unsupportive too. ..One thing that has helped me is to really understand that this is a Process. With a Capital P. It takes time and nothing will stay the same forever. It's a slow unfolding. A lifting of the fog I created for years and years. It takes time to adjust ones eyes to the  reality I tried to avoid for so long. ..It also helps for me to remember my "why". Why did I quit in the first place? I found that the suck I was feeling had a purpose- that the suck was part of the path to the "why" I stopped drinking my life away. ..SoberLit is also super helpful to me. Keeps me thinking of sobriety and the twists and turns it takes are unique but also kinda universal. We are not alone but our paths are our own if that makes sense. ..Hang in there. I like to tell myself: you're headed in the right direction just keep walking. ..Iwndwy
I've been thinking about finding a therapist to talk to sounds like that might be something that you'd find useful too
P.s. I'm a mom of 3. Part of my "why" is my kids. I dont want them to follow my path in life in terms of numbing myself to anything and everything that causes me discomfort. I want them to know and see that life is magical fun amazing without any liquid enhancements too. I remind myself of that a lot because it really resonates and motivates me. Hang in there mama!!!
I have depression (and a boatload of other problems) and I decided to quit drinking recently.  If I ever want to pull myself out of all the shit that I am in I have a lot of work to do.  I finally came to realize that if I don't quit drinking that work isn't going to get done and I'm just going to be lying there in the same puddle of shit...You know when you're hungover and you have to clean up a mess?  It's like that.  Having another drink and ignoring the mess will make you feel better now but that mess is still going to be there.  It isn't going to be getting any easier to clean up either.  Today might suck but hang in there sip some water and clean up the mess some.  Maybe you can't finish cleaning everything in today but at least the mess will be a little smaller tomorrow.
the depression is chemical withdrawal your source of dopamine has been removed your body will adjust to new normal and then you will experience  pink cloud  where you are unreasonably happy. in the meantime might i suggest some ice cream? the weight will come off later if you're downing whisky like water then you have some calories to spare!
The start is very hard it gets better. 
I could have written your story. Almost exact same situation. My fianc  and I drank often. We've alway loved to drink. We relax after putting the kids to bed with wine/beer weekends are about  unwinding' and   letting loose'. We were functioning alcoholics. Our kids are well fed well dressed comfortable home and want for nothing. Nice house good jobs happy life. I've struggled with depression for a long time and I quit drinking a week and a half ago. I thought it would be this magic veil that lifted and I'd feel happier but I'm struggling a lot. I feel like there's no reason I should be feeling like this but I do and I feel like it's almost not fair. I'm sorry to hear you're going through this and if you need to vent some more DM me. I totally get what you're feeling. I'm hoping it will get better it has to. ..I'm reading the naked mind and it's helping keep me on track although I'd love nothing more than to buy a bottle of vodka and go crazy but I know it won't help. I'm trying to focus on my kids I'm meal prepping to help with my diet which is helping keep me busy and feel some purpose. Maybe indulging in other things you like? Bring yourself out for lunch a pedicure a good book. I'm sure things will get better I guess that's all we can do is remind ourselves of that! You'll get through it.  
Good to see all the awesome SD support here   ..Just wanted to add - i get that dragging through the day feeling and it sucks! ..And my soulmate and i met in a pub so i get that bit too. ..Idk what will work for you but what is working for me is a combo of Reddit podcasts therapy and 12step. Im busy and the dragging days have moments of laughter. Those laughs keep me sane! ..I really hope your friend is ok and you can make some new ones who lift you up like here and in real life. All the best hey! 
I hear you on being overweight is depressing.  I have much more empathy for fat people now that I am one and understand.  I gained 25 lbs post menopause.  I got it off and then it yo-yo'd back on +5.  I was not eating a boatload of food.  What I learned is when the Dr. and Dieticians say it's calories in minus what you burn off is whether you gain or lose weight is total B.S.  The truth is it's all about the insulin.  Check out Dr. Jason Fung on youtube.  He's got books out too.  People are shedding weight with intermittent fasting and keto/ low carb.  He is reversing type 2 diabetes in thousands of people and getting them off medication and losing weight.  You can do this.  It helps a lot to get the truth about how it really works to lose weight and keep it off.  IWNDWYT
I feel ya! I'm 29 days today and want to go back to drinking/smoking/using so badly some nights. Especially since it's winter.. it's cold and dark out all the time I don't have much to do. (I have all the excuses). I need to lose weight as well and that's not happening YET. I haven't found out what I truly like to do for fun and what brings me lasting true pleasure YET. I couldn't agree more w/ oppida: it's a PROCESS. they say to enjoy the journey but easier said than done. I weigh myself and repeat over and over in my head- one. Day. At. A. Time. I'm not going to lose the weight and become happy without alcohol in one month. It didn't take 1 month to make my life completely evolve around alcohol. What I can say is I feel hopeful for the first time in years. I have hope that sticking with this and learning new coping skills WILL bring me a greater more satisfying life than I could have ever made for myself while stuck in addiction to mind altering substances. That was a run-on sentence. .Positives :.I sleep like a baby. I get up early. (That means more natural daylight for me). I've become more confident at work. I feel 100% connected to my family. I keep my space tidier. Everything isn't so much as a chore and I'm grateful for the first time in my life. Every day that I am blessed enough to get out of bed and make choices I'm grateful. I have the power to change and that noticeable change isn't going to happen in a night or a week or a month. It takes TIME. Instant gratification is what I'm addicted to. I am constantly reaffirming myself: one day at a time. Reach out for support. I was real reluctant to try aa and I know people's eyes glaze over when they see  aa' but I like the constant reassurance and living examples that life is worth living and people can overcome addiction.  Also that addiction does NOT discriminate and it doesn't let go of you ever. Stay strong! Try to connect with sober people otherwise to me it felt like a huge weight on my shoulders. I'm rambling but I know I was in a deep dark scary place where I wanted to die and drinking was like throwing gasoline on the fire. We can do this.  
I was in a relationship and this is what I was terrified of. Being neglected if I didn't drink and being miserable as it was a coping mechanism. This way of thinking ruined the relationship...Focus on healthy habits and perhaps therapy to cope with the depression. Also maybe reaching out to your husband setting up date nights that aren't alcohol related!
