-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agewzg/happy_666_to_me/

Not so much. The news today has me pretty fucking sad. My brother didn't make it out. He's not really my brother. But he might as well be. He taught me very much about some important life stuff. The depression and self-medicating treatment of that with alcohol won. ..I've been regularly talking with him from across the country for the last year or so. His struggle was very much prominent in my life even early on in my own healing. He saw my goddam recovery and insisted he wanted that too. Fucking INSISTED. But the fucking booze and illness won. ..I am so fucking sad and angry and confused and feeling just a lot MORE right now. The tears are making it pretty hard to type. But fucking booze took my friend away and I refuse to let it take me back there. I STILL WNDWYT and I hope any of you that might be struggling with depression find a way to reach to somebody and take any help you can get. Take care friends...
----------immediate responses--------

Im so.so so sorry. Praying for peace and comfort for you right now. 
So sorry to hear about your brother.  Sending hugs...Glad you've hit your amazing 666...Your brother is proud!
I'm so sorry August  
Really sorry to read this. Strength and light within my prayers tonight for you....
I reckon you could make a sick ( ) 666 playlist? Im recently diving into music therapy and back to making playlists to honour events and things? Make our own rituals kinda thing. ..Helps me anyways and i am feeling feelings about your bro. ..Could i be totally insensitive and ask did he not make recovery or life? Sorry to be so blunt - it has happened both ways in my life so if you ever want to chat let me know? ..That book Resilience by Eric Greitens is for this moment and for you. 666 is brilliant mate - im in awe! .
  sorry. I'm sure he's proud of you. ..IWNDWYT    
I'm so sorry for your loss.  Take care of yourself.  IWNDWYT
 So sorry I lost seven to alcohol .iwndwyt
I'm really truly sorry.  
Condolences...IWNDWYT
In so sorry for your loss stay strong                
