-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agffak/tomorrow_will_mark_my_6_months_alcohol_free/

Hi everyone...&amp;#x200B;..I created an account just for this occasion because I'm still ashamed a bit about my drinking. Which is now 6 months behind me. I still have a bad temper but it's much better than before. I lost some weight nothing drastic. The biggest change is that alcohol doesn't have a grip on me any longer even in social settings which I was afraid of the most. In my industry (film and media) everyone drinks a lot. Drugs alcohol are a favorite hobby of most people here because of lots of stress and insecurity...My story goes like this - a year ago I couldn't remember the last day when I didn't have a drink. I wasn't drinking much at the time but I was a regular. Some days it was a nice cold craft beer some days it was 2 glasses of wine. Absolutely nobody would say that I was an alcoholic except my SO which was starting to notice a pattern. It lasted for a couple of years but I'm not really sure... I would drink much more during the weekends or parties but I would never pass out. I'm quite anxious while sober so drinking helps me relax and I couldn't muster something public or a party without having some alcohol in my system...My tolerance grew so after a while I didn't even feel a beer or two or three. I noticed I was drinking coffee in the morning tea in the afternoon and everything rest was alcohol. Probably 2 litres of beer every single day...And then that year ago maybe even a bit more my wife was pregnant and we decided to renovate our old apartment - so I started working all the time accepting projects left and right to make the money for the decorations. The kid finally arrived in the month where my day looked like this - I would work for 14-16 hours than go to the apartment and work there on the renovation (tear down walls rip beams from the floor take apart old furniture... heavy duty stuff) and sleep for 2-4 hours. Rinse and repeat for two months. When the project was finally finished instead of going to the wrap party I went to the hospital with lesions all over my body - the organism was finally caving in. I worked through three cases of high fever and got pneumonia as a result which made my skin blister. I had a fall out with my business partner which I still haven't resolved because the resolution would have cost me more money than I could afford - so I decided to just stick around. Also the baby was heavily jaundiced and I had to feed him with an eye-drop for a month.  ...My one and only escape was alcohol...&amp;#x200B;..By springtime of last year I would have a beer in the afternoon then one more right after the first. And this are European beers half a liter each. I would have two more beers while working or doing some chores around the apartment. I would be sick of going to the bathroom from so much beer so I would switch to wine in the evening. Two or three big wine glasses and voila the bottle is gone. I would then switch back to beer or do some schnaps just to get the buzz going and go to bed. Get up in the morning and repeat everything the next day. So in 24 hours I would drink between 3-4 litres of beer 1.5 litres of wine 5-6 shots of liquor. And nobody could even tell I'm drunk. I also wasn't ready to quit or even admit that I had a problem...&amp;#x200B;..I finally had a nervous breakdown and snapped from all the stress in June and decided to take a leave of absence like an unpaid vacation and just rest and spend time with my wife and kid. It took me almost a month just to realize that I was drinking obscene amounts and than another month to say goodbye to the alcohol...&amp;#x200B;..I quit cold turkey on 17 July without any particular reason or fanfare. I just told my wife that I'm stopping - which she didn't believe at first...&amp;#x200B;..First day was awful because I couldn't stop thinking about booze. Even now half a year later I still sometimes think about how good it made me feel. I would laugh my ass off feel carefree and relaxed...Second day even worse. I would read this subreddit trying to find other experiences to see what to expect. I was focusing on the moment when I would start feeling mentally well again...Third day I started feeling pride because I lasted three days. Still my body was aching for alcohol and I felt huge emotional distress. I was a wreck. I would yell and start fights about everything. Which was scary because I would feel that somebody else was controlling me - 'me' like the 'real me' would silently observe the 'other me' becoming a douchebag and couldn't stop him. It would happen fast and unpredictably...I don't remember exactly when the feeling went away and I'm not sure it did entirely. I just remember feeling proud when I started losing weight...My big test came just a month after I stopped when I had to go to a big event where most of my colleagues would be - having fun and drinking. The strategy was - just tell everyone while standing tall and looking them right in the eye - that you're an alcoholic trying to quit that you had a meltdown that you love being a father and that your focus now is achieving health. The strategy worked great - nobody was pressuring me to drink and actually people started telling me about their struggles with booze or how their parents or siblings are drunkards. I think that alcoholism is really prevalent in our societies and I blame it for a lot of bad stuff happening to folks everywhere. You're just not doing the best you could be doing because it's running your life. I would feel stressed if I came home from work and I didn't have a cold beer in the fridge. Fuck that...It's still bothering me that I have to think about myself like I'm a sick man with a sentence hanging above me but I guess that's the truth. For some reason I use alcohol to tend to my problems and it's destroying me...&amp;#x200B;..I celebrate 6 months tomorrow. I will have a nice walk through the forest with my baby boy and wife and have a restful night...&amp;#x200B;..Best of luck to us all!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!!
Congrats on your achievement!    IWNDWYT
Wow!  That's quite a story.  Thanks for sharing.  I'm so happy for you.  IWNDWYTT
Such an amazing journey. You should be very proud ...I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT 
Granted you are just sharing a few short paragraphs here but when I read this I didn't see the story of a sick man. I see the story of someone who was incredibly stressed and using alcohol to cope. Because why not? It's easy and it's everywhere and it's soothing and addictive and sometimes it really is fun. No point denying that. But you recognized the harm it was doing to you your family and your life and against difficult odds you've started to turn things around. That sounds like the story of a healthy man to me! 
GOOD JOB!  .That walk in the forest sounds perfect. .IWNDWYT
I quit on July 17th as well. Walking the path right beside you. Thanks for recounting your journey and congratulations on 6 months. I'm proud of you brother. Onward! IWNDWYT!
No flair
Enjoy the forest and your family.  IWNDWYT.
you rule!
