-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agnfkc/honesty_etc/

I'm almost at two weeks longest stretch in a long time...I've been married over ten years we have three kids my life is good except for alcohol...My dad is a 30+ year recovered drinker. Honestly? I hate the label  alcoholic  because my dad is anything but. He's a functioning human being. I love him beyond belief...My mother in law is sorta sober too. She stopped drinking but has a few docs whom continue to prescribe her opioids for her knee/neck/back/foot pain...My husband lived with this daily. I was lucky that my own dad got straight while I was young. My MIL got straight too but only from drink. Pills etc. still plague her...Ok. So tl;dr: addiction has been coming at me forever...My husband is not an addict full stop. He's one of those magical people that can drink and just stop without a thought. He's seen it he knows it. ..I'm working hard on staying sober. I really wish it could be 1000% better tomorrow. But it can't be. I can only do so much I can refuse one drink - the first one - and from there I can only fix so much stuff in one day...Husband comes home and wants to know about my SMART Recovery meetings my schedule he tells me he cries wondering about my habits...I'm early on and I'm doing well. I expect my husband is going to be hurt but I just don't know where or how things go..I sometimes seems like everyone else's feelings and struggles and stresses are more important. My work towards sobriety can just Fuck Off compared to everyone else's feelz...It's like a quintuple edged sword. Or more...You'll never do right you're always at fault and aside from not doing anything else wrong you must also fix everything and never ever ever ever make another mistake again.
----------immediate responses--------

Two weeks is an amazing thing. I am gonna stay focused on my own self for a change. I think that'll be best for everyone if I do. ..Hang in there and iwndwyt. 
I like to think that being sober is two things really.  One part is actually stopping the act of drinking.  The other part is changing our mindsets.  ..The first part happens instantaneously.  The second part takes time-and it's important to recognize that.  ..Old habits die hard as the saying goes and that's true with alcohol.  Not only does it simply take time for the mind to unlearn bad behaviors and learn new ones it takes time for people to shake old perceptions etc.  Some things simply can't be rushed.  Instant gratification was something that drove me to drink.  ..It takes time but change happens.  Every day a little more and it is cumulative.  Maybe we cant make 1000% improvements daily but we can make 1 5 or 10% (or whatever) improvements daily.  It adds up before we even know it!  There really is simple wisdom in the saying "One day at a time." 
Recovery isn't about me...It's about them. ..I'm not giving them what they want/need...Constant supplication. When does the apology tour end?
The term alcoholic works for some people others not. I kinda have a problem with the designation bc it keeps a lot of people from getting help or recognizing they have a problem.   What convinced me to make a change was reading about Alcohol Use Disorder as defined by the DSM (Diagnostic &amp; Statistic Manual for mental disorders).  I didn't make a change for a long time bc I told myself "I'm not an alcoholic" but when I read about Alcohol Use Disorder in the DSM I was like damn I'm definite at the moderate levels of the disorder. ..&amp;#x200B;..Here's a link to that if you're curious. ..&amp;#x200B;..[Alcohol Use Disorder](https://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/dsmfactsheet/dsmfact.pdf)
