-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agntjk/fears_of_aa/

Had a conversation with someone and it got me thinking about the fears of that first meeting. Fear of getting a sponsor. Fear of doing steps. I will be 3 years sober in Feb. I came out of rehab and that Wednesday night went to my first meeting. Absolutely hated it but wanted to really see if it was for me. Went everyday to a meeting hating every one. On the Sunday 5 days later I met a guy who hold me. Relax and find the meetings I want. Just don't drink and go to meetings. He made it sound so simple.  So I did. Went to loads of meetings and settled in on one to make my home group. Oddly enough it's the same meeting I hated on that first day. Now I'm not a perfect AA member. I struggle with the higher power thing. I never got a sponsor. Never did step wok. Never took a commitment. Fear and anxiety two of my many character defects held me back. But I do live by the steps. I have only recently started sharing my story. So bottom line. No matter how I do it AA keeps me alive. I will not drink today. Who knows about tomorrow? We are all equal. We all have today. Peace to you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've recently learned you can take the bits of AA that work for you and blag the rest. It does have its good points for helping sobriety.
Great story thanks for sharing :)  I also enjoy the fellowship aspect of it and the cathartic effect that can come from sharing your story even if it's with a room full of strangers.  They still understand more than anybody else.  IWNDWYT.  :)
Thanks for this. ..So many people post negative rants about AA. I find it troublesome because AA sure helped me and I think it can help others it they let it. ..I don't think there is a perfect AA member we are all flawed which is why we go. That is the key no one expects anything from you except the desire to quit drinking and that is in the AA big book. Different groups are different  but that is the result of the people not AA as a whole. 
Thank you for sharing! I also really enjoy the fellowship of AA. For me that is enough for now. I live by the steps but I also don't have a sponsor (yet maybe later who knows) or do active step work (yet again ;)). I feel connected with people again a huge difference for me as I was very isolated at the end of my worst days. I'm slowly getting back in to the world again and being in AA is helping me a lot with that and it keeps me sober today. Thank you for writing this post. IWNDWYT
I have been going to AA a couple of times a week for over a year now ........... and while I have had some relapses in the last yr I keep coming back to AA .  ...The fellowship and support is amazing . I have not had a big God moment or spiritual awakening however I love the people I have met .
I learned a lot in AA and while ultimately I decided that it's not for me and do have plenty of issues with it I still recommend it to people because it may be what helps them. Who am I to say. ..Some like the fellowship some like the program some like just having something to do other than drinking and some don't like any of it. Never know until you try it.
45 days there not ready for sponsor either. Nice place to go with no judgement
"Just don't drink and go to meetings"..It **is** that simple!!
There were a lot of meetings I didn't like but I wouldn't be here without my home group. That meeting is a highlight of my week. 
&gt; I will not drink today. Who knows about tomorrow? ..  .This.  So much this...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Look into SMART recovery. It's a much less tradition based recovery program based on cognitive behavior therapy and dialectical behavior therapy (light). Its a much more open comfortable format where people share ideas and what worked for them...There's tons of meetings worldwide and if you cant find one near you then they have a wonderful online portion and meetings at smart recovery.org...I dont condemn AA if it works for you that's fucking awesome but SMART worked for me.
