-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ago5i1/im_starting_to_feel_like_this_is_not_hard/

15 days in and while there is some temptation it doesn't seem hard at this point. I've broken my association of alcohol making me feel better and seeing the power of not letting bad feelings overtake you. ..I'm still struggling with that last point I still get angry mostly over politics. But it is so much less than when I was drinking. And I see clearly how booze made everything worse while also not noticing that it was worse. ..
----------immediate responses--------

This is great!!! I hope you continue your journey without many unbearable cravings. IWNDWYT!!!
I feel the same. It's been really easy the last week or so. I am almost suspicious of my own body and mind at this point. I guess I just need to keep doing what I'm doing keep going to meetings and reach out if the situation deteriorates. 
Nice! Keep on going. IWNDWYT
My second week is going much smoother than the first!
As many have said -- and it's true -- it's much hard to GET sober than it is to STAY sober. As you get better at being sober it does get easier! That's the awesome part. ..Not to be a downer but I've found that when it's easy I'm tempted to take my foot off the pedal and start coasting in my sobriety. I stop checking in at SD stop listening to my podcasts stop doing the mental work behind staying sober. Speaking from experience that's a quick way to a slip or relapse because I started thinking "I got this thing beat!" ..So enjoy feeling of being on top of the world and ride that pink cloud to your pot of gold. But stay vigilant. :) IWNDWYT
I used to feel like that right before slipping over and over. For me the "hump" was quite a few months in it came in waves felt easy felt hard. I realized it was my alcoholic brain pulling out all tricks it could to lull me into a false sense of security....Good luck on your journey!
Politics. Lol. Don't get me started. :-)
Personally I never like to turn my back on the enemy. For me sobriety has been easy -- until suddenly it's not.
I have been avoiding the news and twitter like the plague (at least for now) because politics will set me off! 
It gets harder.  The idea that it isn't hard is one of the things that makes it harder.   I'm not having trouble not drinking so it must be safe for me to drink again.   For me that was a big relapse trigger. 
I've been feeling great too from around day 7 to now (day 22?). I've been taking all this newfound energy and motivation and great feelings and channeling it towards trying to set up a foundation for when things inevitably \*aren't\* so great. I know the day will come when something sets off my anxiety or I'm feeling sad or angry or I just get complacent and I'm trying to prepare for it.
I laugh at politics the way people probably laughed at me when I was a drunken baffoon..IWNDWYT or tomorrow
