-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agouzj/day_9_struggles/

I had a really hard night last night and it's been a rough morning today. I thought I had it all figured out my first week no withdrawals or really any noticeable behavioral issues. But dang day 8 hit me like a ton a bricks. It's not even that I crave alcohol or being drunk but it feels like my brain is fighting me. What should be small issues are huge issues to me right now. Everything inside of me physically and mentally is wreaking havoc and feel like I am about to have a mental breakdown. I'm trying to get a handle on these emotions but I keep getting sucked into this negative angry mindset. I am praying to the heavens above that this is a symptom of not drinking and not a result of me losing my mind. After 12 years of chronic drinking starting at age 15 I guess I shouldn't be surprised that this is happening to me now. I guess I am just venting but curious to know what others are experiencing or have experienced early on in their recovery. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know what that's like. Every time I've quit I've found it fairly easy for the first week. Or the first three weeks or five. Sooner or later though I feel like everything starts unraveling...I think (in my case) that it's my addicted mind trying to pull me back to drink. Or a result of decades of trauma and bad decisions that haven't been dealt with in any other way than drinking to forget...Every time though I'm learning something new about my addiction and trying new ways to keep sobriety going. ..I will not drink today!
The first week was a blur as I had one of those horrible three-day hangovers when I quit. I honestly didn't want to drink for several days. Week two was harder. The self-pity was brutal. The guilt and shame were tough. Week three was better with some pink cloud sightings where everything in the world seemed wonderful. Week four brought a lot of pride since I passed my personal record. Week five was when my sleep started getting really good and I started feeling my sober super powers. LOL.  ...I think everyone is a little different and will experience new sobriety in different ways. I'm older (47) and drank heavily for about 30 years but my drinking wasn't as heavy as some stories I read here. I was highly-functioning. ..You've been through a lot and it will take time to get used to all the emotions you were numbing with alcohol. It's overwhelming at first and I'm still struggling a bit so I've reentered therapy. Best to you! IWNDWYT!
You are NOT alone.  I have been a disaster for the past week.  It sucks.  I just keep getting through the days trying to take positive steps and hoping it gets better 
Can you get out and take a walk and do some deep breathing?  There are lots of adjustments happening.  IWNDWYT
