-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agpis9/relapsing_lessons_from_kareem_hunt/

I'm a chronic relapser currently on day five or six I think. One of the ways I've tricked myself in the past is by thinking that drinking does not define me. It's just one aspect of my life that I'm not very good at but since I'm good at all these other things in my life it's okay that I have one category I fall short in..."Drinking does not define me" is a big reason for my relapses. But recently I've been thinking about Kareem Hunt (former Chiefs RB) and I've reconsidered this theory. Kareem Hunt is one of the most talented athletes to ever walk the planet. He was skilled he was successful and yet alcohol took him out. He is now disqualified from competition. Every aspect of his "athletic life" has been taken away because of one shortcoming...This is how I am viewing alcohol now. It may not define me but it definitely has the power (even though it's just one category) to completely take me out of the game...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! Sometimes a paradigm shift in your perspective is all you need for success! Good luck and IWNDWYT!!!!
Amazing analogy!  Thank you!  IWNDWYT 
Congratulations. You may enjoy this read. It's about life as a video game. In a game you pick what benefits you and do it. Sleep exercise the right food.  And if you take the wring things theyll temporarily detriment or delay your progress. I thought it was a video originally but apparently not. 
I'm a Broncos fan so can't say that I miss Kareem too much! =).Good stuff thanks for sharing.
Beautiful spot on post. That action hopefully doesn't define him as a man but will forever impact his life. Our choices with liquor does the same. My DUI doesn't define me but it sure as hell has impacted my life. I see you're a chronic relapser... I was as well. Please proceed with extreme caution. One of the biggest lessons I learned from my years of struggle was that the lines   I'd never cross  given time I'd cross them. I'm sure Kareem probably thought he'd never be impulsive enough to do what he did especially with that much to lose.. he did. I never thought I'd be impulsive enough to do what I've done which as much as I had to lose... I did. One of my biggest motivators going forward? I have no idea just how reckless I'll behave when drinking anymore so I'm not going to let myself find out. Have a great day today and good luck with your journey in life.
Really powerful.  God bless your journey and IWNDWYT!
Go Chiefs! He shouldn't have acted like that but it's too bad they let him go. That woman's behavior was reprehensible as well.
I almost relapsed when I lost Hunt on my fantasy team.
Truth. The majority of people in jail were not sober when they commit the crime they're being punished for.
