-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agvexb/is_life_worth_living_without_alcohol/

Hi I have been battling alcohol addiction for about two years now. I am trying to cut down but the truth is I simply cannot imagine a life without alcohol. I started drinking everyday to self medicate and numb myself from mental health problems but I know this won't work forever. I would like to ask is there anyone in this group who is living proof that it is possible to live a sober life and still be happy? I'm struggling to find the motivation to quit because my head is telling me that as soon as I stop drinking my mental health problems will come back stronger than ever and I know I won't be able to handle it. Any advice or help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Life is better without alcohol for me. So much better...I could have written your post when I started my journey. I have struggled with anxiety and depression and I used alcohol to try to deal with it. Trapped in the nightmare of drinking I had no vision for a sober life...I got help by coming here every day.  I took it one day.  It was tough at first then it got easier.  Slowly my life changed.  I found peace hope and freedom.  My anxiety and depression are so much better.  ..What I might just trust the process that so much people here have gone through.  My life transformed into one worth living in sobriety.  Best wishes to you my friend. IWNDWYT ..
I don't think I actually started living fully until I stopped drinking. I know what you mean about self-medication as my history includes major depression but I don't know of a mental health issue that is *improved* by alcohol. I think you'll find that whatever issue you currently have is medically treatable more cheaply and with less physical damage than by drinking...I don't think about being sober the rest of my life. I've decided I'm not going to drink today. October 27th 2023 will just have to wait until I get there. Today is all I can work with and today I'm not drinking. 
Isn't it interesting that alcohol addiction can be so powerful that it can convince you that you can't live without it?     .    .    .Yes. Life is so much better than I ever imagined it could be. Drinking just ended up exacerbating my anxiety and depression. Since I quit everything is 1000% better. I can't believe I lived like that for so long. Believe it or not it is possible to enjoy your life without drinking poison. 
Life is so much easier.  I honestly thought before I stopped that I'd be so bored and miserable.  Like I never used to spend money on anything besides beer so I figured what the hell would I even spend money on because I don't exactly care for luxuries.  ..I honestly don't even miss it at all.  My lifestyle hasn't changed a ton.  I don't get bored or anything though like I imagined.  And any time I really want something like recently a PS4 and some games as an xmas present for myself it's easy to say fuck it I can buy it since I have so much more money.  ..As for mental health.  I had at least a panic attack a day after my dad died.  Drinking at the time really helped that I thought.  I knew when anxiety was building up towards a panic attack and if I drank some beers it wouldn't progress.  Now I don't even get anxiety really much at all.  It sucked for a couple of weeks but after that everything is just so much easier.
