-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agx8lm/3_years/

3 years sober and free from the race to the bottom of the bottle. ..I hit my rock bottom HARD in a roll over wreck. Came close to never seeing my babies again. That seemed to be all I needed to never look back. ..How'd I do it? Outpatient rehab AA and the will to live so that I could walk my daughter down the isle and teach my grandkids how to fish someday. Eventually after a year and a half I stopped going to AA all together. Many people let me know they where concerned for me not going enough. But in all honestly the Godly higher power stuff and step work just didn't jive for me. ..I run into AA members from time to time that I used to see often at meetings. More often than not I receive a vibe that they are just waiting for me to relapse. I realize that statistics show that I have a higher chance of doing so without AA however I'm pretty sure that wreck flipped the switch in my brain that caused my cravings. I've been in plenty of the same situations around the same people that caused me to drink before and there is nothing there..People who religiously attend AA seem to always have something negative to say about my unconventional way of staying sober. But it works for me...At the end of the day I'm still thankful for AA regardless of how I'm treated as if I left an occult. My time there brought a self awareness out in me that I did not have prior and also helped me surrender...I don't post much on here and because I don't attend meetings well I take that back I do attend one early morning men's meeting every once in a great while if I don't sleep in...I just wanted to get that off my chest and celebrate 3 years. This thread has helped me a lot as well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done mate - I have given up cold turkey and am not going to meetings at all.  Early days of course but I think when people are ready then they are ready.  I have been drinking for probably 25 years I feel ok with my decision to stop and I think that's all that matters.  I am lucky my wife doesn't drink so the supports there.  Hope I am still on this sub in 3yrs celebrating like yourself.  Much luck and happiness to you bro!
I suspect we are all vulnerable to a relapse if we ever think we are "cured" and can drink with any measure of control.  ..Glad you are alive and sober after 3 years!..Congratulations and iwndwyt.  ..&amp;#x200B;
Congratulations on your 3 years :)
Congrats on 3 years !  Never had one meeting never will and I'll never drink again.  Works for me.  I will not drink with you today.  
Thanks for sharing...I have a very similar story but I'm only passed a month right now. I'm still struggling with my mistakes but wanting to drink isn't one of them today...I still need a lot work/help though!
Im so proud of you. ..The great cats lions tigers jags .get around. 30% kill rate. ..The snake  is kills 100%.He sits and he waits. .He sits on the path as all the little mice run by. .Booze is a snake that waits and waits.then he strikes and takes one of us. .You know this is true. .I love you. .be vigilant.come back often. . 
