-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agyw5n/8_months_in_almost_an_update_on_my_liver/

First I wanted to say a hearty THANK YOU to the community of Stop Drinking. Y'all have been so supportive during this journey. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm almost eight months sober!!! Back in June 2018 when I got sober I was having side pains so I got my liver checked out. The doctor wasn't sure if I had a fatty liver or early cirrhosis. They still don't know for sure but are assuming it's cirrhosis for right now. My doctor did say that as long as I don't drink I might qualify for an experimental drug that's used to lift some of the scarring from my liver which sounds awesome. ..&amp;#x200B;..For those of you struggling - please reach out to the community here. They are amazing. There is a beautiful life on the other side of addiction. Since I've quit drinking I've landed my dream job lost 25 pounds and gotten to perform in one of the most notable local dance performances. All of this has taken work and persistence but it is possible. For a while I was on Camperol for cravings. Now my doctor has me on a low-lectin diet with a regimen of intermittent fasting. I still have 50 or so pounds to lose. I'm a work in progress but am so excited about how far I've come!..&amp;#x200B;..Love to all of you!
----------immediate responses--------

Your an inspiration! Thank you!!!!
So many good things from not drinking so cool!
Did you get a liver biopsy?  How did they figure you had cirrhosis?  Congrats on the weight loss too.  IWNDWYT
Congrats that's awesome! What kind of pain did you have as I thought the liver couldn't feel pain. What side of the body?
Heck yeah sounds like good progress to me. 
Did the dull pain go away when you stopped?
Great job and thanks for being a healthy inspiration!
Congrats on the upward positivity. Did you quit cold turkey. Did you have any withdrawal?
[removed]
I'm taking camperol right now! It's been helping I think as long as I keep the booze out of the house. 
Wow you are awesome ! Good luck with the good life
Such great things are happening for you that makes me happy.
Are you still on here?  (I know it's been awhile). I'm having the same symptoms but also a feeling of something swollen under my right rib and also a sensation in the same area but in my back- almost a numb feeling. I need to quit and I've done better- but this is so hard. .I hope you are thriving and happy   
