-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agzlwj/a_bit_of_a_moan_apologies/

So I'm having a bad time at work at the moment. Basically I don't enjoy my job at all anymore. The only good things are the hours and the pay but generally I'm not doing very well so might not be in it much longer.....I'm struggling hugely to work out what I should be doing. I have vague notions of being a teacher. But I feel like it's much too late. I'm 28 and I feel like everyone else has their shit together whilst I'm floundering yet again...All I want to do is drink right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I get it. Life without alcohol is real as fuck. No hiding/escaping we are in it 100 percent now. When I get overwhelmed I like to reach out to other alcoholics hit a meeting and do something nice for myself (good meal new video game etc). It helps
28 is a youngster.  Hell 39 is young.  I took aptitude testing at age 52.  Johnson O'connor tests in 6 major cities.  They've been doing it since WWII.  It's 6 hours of testing.  Typically each person has 1-3 things they have a high aptitude for.  This means it comes easy.  Good luck.  IWNDWYT
Best thing I can say is I was in the same profession for 38 yrs was let go and have no clue on how to deal...At 56 yrs old how do you pick a new profession if your not happy with that job your young enough to move on. Your only 28 if i knew then what i do know i would have choosen a back up path. GL to you kid IWNDWYT be strong for now take the money and run but find a secondary solution
Question is: does job get in the way of drinking? For me it did to the extent I would never stay late with everyone else because I had to go drink.  To late for me but if job does get in the way of drinking quit drinking. Maybe the job isn't so bad after all. .Opinion on teaching is if you are math or science probably can do.
Hey there - I'm a teacher and I must say that working with kiddos is awesome.   Iwndwyt. 
My job is my trigger. So hard. Good for you for not drinking.
