-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahc3lv/welcome_to_stopdrinking_all_150_000_of_you/

Right about now r/stopdrinking has 150 000 readers. This is a milestone for the big words and the big emotions. Oh wait we used those already!..Nevertheless - many of us experience this community as kind encouraging and helpful. We believe there are a couple of reasons for this: We understand what it is like to struggle we respect [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index) and we share our experience instead of telling people what to do. We know the latter doesn t work on us. Also we know that no matter how far we have travelled on the path the ditch is one step away...Sobriety is a personal journey. You have to find what works for you but here on SD you have a well of experience to learn from. It can take many tries in many ways a lot of work and personal challenges. We do however see one common factor: Those who made it didn t give up...I remember the day I found this sub. It was like tumbling out of the rabbit hole into a world where everything suddenly made sense where I could understand what people said and they understood me. My biggest realization made me cry my rugged manly tears: I was not alone...Neither are you...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT 
Thank you to everyone in this wonderful community! IWNDWYT!
Thanks for all of the support to keep going! IWNDWYT
IWNDWAOYT
IWNDWYT 
Cravings are sky high right now. IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT. So happy to have this sub in my life. So many thanks to all y'all for your support sharing your experience and most of all for being just like me. 
IWNDWYT 
Thank you for your post - I will not drink with you today.
I had the same experience when it clicked out rolled the big manly tears! That was my turning point.
Not drinking with you today!
I love this post and I am sober because of it!! I will not be drinking with you today  
Thank you so much you wonderful people! ..I was lucky enough to find this sub on day 1 and have received so much wise generous support that my cup runneth over - with water  . ..You are my family. Thank you.
Not today. Not today. Not today!!!!!!
B O O M ! ! !..150000 of the nicest folks I've had the pleasure of meeting. I feel proud to be a member of this sub. When nothing worked for me this place did. It changed my life. Sending hugs to my sober fam!.. 
Today is a good day and I usually only come here on the bad days but I'm proud to be here with the other 149999 of my fellow sobernauts. Congrats all. IWNDWYT 
What a nice post!! Waving at all of you 149.999!! Glad to be here with you. IWNDWYT
It doesn't seem that long ago that the odometer rolled over 100000.
146 days of sobriety IWNDWYT      
Y'all are a blessing!!!! Much love    ..B.
DAMN!  .I joined when it was \~480 users a LONG time ago. Victoria was also joining.  ...Franks2000inch TV was the mod.  ...I joined while walking home from jail after a DUI and an owl flew past my head. That was a crazy night. Love you guys.
You are the best Homer! 
I want to thank you all for being a beacon of positivity in what can sometimes be a really shitty place (the Internet). You are all fantastic and awesome and I'm glad to be here with you. 
i love this thank you for posting!
Yes it means I Will Not Drink With You Today...I type it wrong about as often as I type it right.
Hi SaintHomer!! \*waves from NYC\* I am grateful for you! &lt;3 
Thanks for being here. Was a life saver when I found you and needed help. Almost five years ago!!!!  Hasn't always been easy but has been rewarding. 
Thanks for being here and letting me be accountable on a daily basis--I will not drink with you today!
:))
I really enjoy your posts and comments Homer. Thank you  
Desperately trying to get on the no drinking train. .Its almost a daily thing now. ..Im trying to get my mental health back on track. Im embarrassed I cant make the change. ..Any tips?
I definitely would not have 513 days under my belt if I did not find this amazing group of people! IWNDWYT!
Pretty incredible.
IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT!!!!! 'Nuff said!!
Well put Homer rugged man tears here as well. Many days in-between meetings I can come here and find hope. I know I'm not alone you all sound just like me   ..Also It'sa great easy way to get out of my head and maybe help someone else...IWNDWYT..
Friday night here 4:50 pm made it home without picking up any beer. I can do this and IWNDWYT or tomorrow.
I hope it grows to a million.  Let's make being sober the cool thing to do.  ..Love you guys...This sub helps.  A lot.
IWNDWYT day 4 and struggling a bit but I know I'll be feeling better soon
Right on
I found this place at 90 days and I didn't even know how bad I was white knuckling it till then...Still so grateful at 1053 days. SD is pretty magical.
Fuck yea 
Wow! This is fantastic! High fives all around!
Thanks SH. I heard about this place in rehab. One of the best tools I got while there. Really drives home the point that I struggled with...I am NOT alone! 12/26/18 this place passed the 145K members mark. That makes 5K new members in just 23 days. The work done by the mods which leads to an incredible sense of community is top notch! I would advise this place to anyone who needed help. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Comrades one and all you bunch of smurfing soberniks!  Solidarity! IWNDWYT 
150000 good people sharing a common struggle and helping each other.....What a badass sub this is!
This might be the best thing on the internet IMO. A group of people who don't berate care about others politics sexual orientation religious beliefs or financial standing. We come here to support one another ourselves and make our lives better. If I had to choose 150k people to call my friends I am so glad it's all of you! ..The days aren't easy the nights often more so but to know that 150k of you are right here beside me makes it a little easier to keep on the path and out the ditch. ..Congrats to the sub thanks to mods for the hard work. Here's a Perrier cheers to the 150k of us that wake up every day with 7 simple words on the tips of our tongues...I will not drink with you today. All 150 thousand of you glorious human beings! Stay strong my friends.
My life has been built around drinking but my body and mind can't do it anymore.  Here I am.
I was sober long before I got here but I stay and I come back to offer encouragement and help to those who are still struggling. ..And because of conversations I've had with people on this group I've learned a lot more about myself and about AA - which I've been member of for the last 5+ years! But explaining the steps to others has been enormously helpful at deepening my own understanding and I have gained tremendous insight because of it. ..Thanks to everyone who participates! Even us old sober dudes learn something here. 
I still drink. I've had a few. I want to unsubscribe because there are too many repeat loser posts about making it past a week or even a few hours.
Keep up all the good work people. Don't let the demons have you back you're truly better without drinking that with it! 
Thanks all. I appreciate each and everyone of you
Not drinking this friday
Didn't have a drink today! Won't have one tomorrow either. Love this group and the virtual support! 
I'm going slow. .1st is no buying alcohol of any kind .2nd. No drinking alcohol family buys for the house .3rd. Saying no when offered alcohol of any kind 
:D
This sub has helped me a lot. The friends I've made here helped me through my first AA meeting. The daily checking in helps me take it a day at a time. Reading stories of slips helps scare me into avoiding the first drink. ..I love all of it. I will not drink with you today!
Best community on the internet! I hope everyone has a great day - IWNDWYT (or this weekend)
Always thought I could do everything on my own. Not true! Quitting drinking requires community and this is the best community! IWNDWYT. And I mean that : )
When I joined SD it had roughly 12000 members. Seeing it grow and still stick to the things that made it special is incredible. I wouldn't be here today without this place. Proud of ALL of us. 
And growing :)  I will not drink with all y'all. 
Hello Hello Hello. Well I won't type that 150000 times however Hello...What a huge mile stone. I wonder how many years that may add up to. I see sobriety this way. I take a match. I can breake it. 2 yes. 3 yes 4 may be. A box of 50. No chance. ..I on my own will fail will breake as a match. I stay in a group like this I am half a chance to survive. The more I stay in the group the closer I get the more time I spend the safer I am...Another analogy. Sobriety is like eating. I had some nice food yesterday. But I must eat again today or I get hungry and become weak. So I must feed my sobriety each day. I can know all the good things read books talk etc But to remain sober I must act. I can sit in a restaurant and I can read the menu. But to eat I must decide on a meal and order. So I must put in daily action to stay sober...I just would like to thank each one of you all 149999 for the part you play in my sobriety.  You all are a part of what keeps me sober. In a way We all know each other. I have a few I know better than others. But each also knows a few. So it all goes on. ..I am a 1 day at a time man as some know. Yesterday is gone  Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves me but today.  1 day to be sober. Well those 1 days just like 150000 of us have added up. They are over 10000 days for me now. I say that to hold out hope to others. Not to say I am great. So if an old drunk like me with your help can do it. You too can 1 day at a time. ..Take care of the days and the weeks months and years take care of them selves. ..My promise to you. Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend from Australia. John. ..                     
"At once I knew I was not magnificent." Looking for a sponsor... not sure if this sub does that.
Great post.    Discovering this sub was like seeing the light.
Awesome post SaintHomer and a great milestone for the community! Thanks for all that you do! :)
[removed]
