-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahf2tn/i_went_back_out/

Help me :(..I feel like I'm going crazy. .My boyfriend of 10 years broke up with me because I relapsed and he can't/won't deal with it anymore. I know I should be focusing on myself but being alone is making it so much harder and feeling like I lost him just makes me want to give up completely...To make matters worse I've been acting like a total crazy person and texting and calling him constantly and probably driving him nuts. He just keeps telling me he loves me too but that we can't be together right now. I'll text him in the middle of a panic attack and I read it back over later and it's so erratic that I definitely sound drunk even though I haven't drank since the day after we broke up and it's definitely making it worse because I know that's what he's thinking. When I'm panicking like that it's like to lose control and that's really not okay...I have a sponsor I'm starting the steps over. I start seeing a therapist on Monday and I'm also going to be getting back on vivatrol/naltrexone... whatever my insurance will cover. Last time they only paid for 2 months though so idk if they'll even help with it but I desperately need it because I really want to be sober and I just don't trust myself to power through this on willpower alone. I just don't have it in me.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear about your breakup and the tough time you're going through. It sounds like you've already taken a lot of the right actions already to get your shit together. Breakups are incredibly difficult but you're already on your way to a new healthier life...Your "breakup with alcohol" will be the best decision you've ever made. It's going to allow you to develop yourself into the type of person that your future partner deserves. It's going to take some time though. Don't be hard on yourself. ..You've already made decisions that are putting yourself on the right path. Take one day at a time. Every day is a step closer to becoming the person that you deserve to be. 
I'm so proud of you! Staying in the batters box and giving it another go is so courageous. I just went through a breakup a while ago at 11 months sober. I'll spare you some of the details but I was pretty close to deciding I just didn't want to live anymore and that life is mostly suffering. I've been sitting in that discomfort trying to claw my way out of crippling anxiety/depression for over a month now and it IS getting better. ..Human beings are a little stronger than the worst thing that can happen to them. I hope you remember that. Keep treading water even when you want to quit and it WILL get easier. ..Much love and admiration for you!..
&gt;I have a sponsor I'm starting the steps over. I start seeing a therapist on Monday and I'm also going to be getting back on vivatrol/naltrexone..You've got an awesome plan here - follow up and please let us know how you're doing :).
