-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahgrd0/one_week_on_one_week_off_the_wagon/

I have been struggling to quit drinking for well over a year now. I have never truly believed that I will never drink again deep down. The longest I have gone without drinking is 2.5 months but for some reason I keep forgetting how wonderful and powerful I feel when sober. I spent the last two weeks leading two completely different lives and Holy Hell what a difference. This is not new information but apparently I am going to keep reminding myself that I have no business with booze until I get it through my thick skull to change my ways forever. ..My boyfriend and I joined a gym about 4 months ago. I started swimming and recently completed my first mile which was an awesome goal for me. The days I work out I feel so full of life and my attitude towards work and my personal life speaks for itself. I cook dinner. I go to work in the morning and laugh with my coworkers while enjoying the fact that we get to be outside year round. I spend time with my boyfriend watching really bad reality TV and loving on each other. I'm not a raging psycho bitch. I volunteer with the Girl Scouts and take care of my chinchillas. I crack jokes and people laugh at them and I feel like "a real person." It's fucking amazing. I like myself. ..Then somewhere along the line I decide that I want to feel good. Because apparently loving yourself for the first time in over a decade isn't the best feeling in the world. And knowing how you're going to feel in the morning along with how much you will loathe yourself isn't enough to stop the booze hound from emerging. I recently spent a week of being back off the wagon and it fucking blew like I knew it would. I cried almost every morning. I missed multiple days of work. I was depressed as fuck. I haven't been to the gym in a week. I felt ugly and didn't want to be seen in public. I hated myself. I miss the feelings that i have had time and time again through sobriety and I'm going back there. Today. I'll be at work tomorrow by 8 am. Hitting the gym after for a swim and making an amazing meal to share with the love of my life. I'm going to keep trying and I will succeed.   
----------immediate responses--------

Start over and never stop trying. I keep starting over. Longest alcohol free has been 3.5 months and then I think I can handle it. Then I spiral and try again. But let's keep trying over and over again. We are worth it.
You can do this.  Thanks for sharing.  IWnDWYT
I relate to this so much. Loving oneself is never good enough and that booze hound emerges to somehow augment the self-love we have finally allowed ourselves feel. I just don't get it. I'm old and I'm am still struggling with the self-sabotage and hamster wheeling. WTF? I'm about to do this drink thing tomorrow night after 18 days of sobriety and stability because I want to  have fun  at my son's gig. I've already made the decision to have a drink or two. I've done the 30 day and the 40ish day Lenten promise last year. I can stop again. I'm making rules for myself like  no booze in the house   only special occasions   never on a weekday   only one weekend day .......who am I kidding? The slippery slope is right around the corner in May when I am off work for the summer....
