-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahgsw7/a_case_of_the_crazies/

I apologize in advance because my posts are pretty ranty in general and while I try to give positive advice where I can sometimes I just need to let loose and share my feelings somewhere.  I hope nobody takes this the wrong way.  ..So I feel like I'm going a bit crazy.  I am obsessed with alcohol.  It is literally my one true love.  I'm like that person who gets broken up with and just can't get over their ex.  I just can't seem to quiet my mind and focus on or enjoy anything in the present.  I hope I find it one day but as of this point there is nothing I have found that can replace the state of mind I am in when I'm drunk.  It's just so different from anything else I've tried (other than drugs I guess)...That's not to say there's no awful parts of being an active alcoholic.  Of course there are!  Being constantly hungover and unable to control when or how much I drink and becoming a total recluse because of it absolutely sucks!  My problem is that things are awful when I drink and things are also pretty dang bad when I'm not drinking and I don't have the comforts that drinking brings...I don't know if I want recommendations on solutions to this problem because I've already gotten many and tried them and don't get the results I'm looking for and it kind of drives me a bit crazy that I'm working so hard for nothing.  At this point I think I'm staying sober for my parents and hoping that it's just going to take more time for me to figure out how to enjoy life sober.  I told myself I had to at least try being sober for a year and I'm coming up on that pretty soon.  Not really sure what's gonna happen after that or how long I can keep this experiment going...Thanks for listening.  I'm doing a detox panel tonight so hopefully I can give some good advice to some struggling people and get out of my head.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 339 days.  Maybe some of the Smart Recovery worksheets would be a benefit to you.  Analyzing what the benefits and costs what your goals are etc......Good luck IWndWYT
Whether it's your vibe or not you might benefit from reading the book Alcoholics Anonymous. Your post reminds me of some stuff I've read there.
I got a lot of help in Refuge Recovery quieting the mind.
&gt;don't get results I'm looking for..What results are seeking?
