-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahi665/you_gave_me_the_nudge_i_needed/

Howdy SD. New "sobernaut" here. Today as day 12 for me. I lurked for a while before making the leap to sobriety. And I've been lurking since trying to figure out what to say for my intro post. But I'm tired of thinking so here goes.....I was seriously considering getting sober for about six months and struggling to work up the courage. After stumbling across this community during the holidays I read *many* posts and found inspiration in each and every one of them. I credit the members of this group for giving me the final nudge I needed. Reading your words convinced me that I could do it. ..About me. I'm a father of two young children (4 yr old daughter and 2 yr old son). They are both amazing kids and they fill me with pride and purpose. I have a loving and supportive wife as well as a great job where I get paid pretty well and get to work from home full time (which I love). ..In spite of all the good in my life I've been a problem drinker since my early 20's (I'm 37 now). I've had a couple of periods of extended sobriety (30-days - 60-days) in the past. But I do mean "a couple" in the literal sense. This time feels different. There are many reasons I want to remain sober. But above all the fear of cutting my life short and of what that would do to my wife and kids is my biggest motivator. ..My Grandfather died at the age of 54 from cirrhosis of the liver. I never got to meet him. I spoke with my Mom at length during the holidays about what that was like for her and for him. What she shared with me broke my heart. The thought of putting my children through that is too much to bear. I can close my eyes and feel myself laying on my death bed sinking under the crushing weight of regret that would come from knowing it didn't have to be this way. ..I am ready for a change...So far sobriety feels amazing. I have been on a bit of an emotional roller coaster of course. But I am quickly discovering new ways to deal with cravings. And the feelings of mourning the fact that I can't moderate are fading fast. I am pleased to say that it hasn't been nearly as hard as I feared it would be. So far anyway. One day at a time right?  ..I am being very deliberate about focusing on the upside (i.e. what is possible with sobriety vs what is not possible because I can't drink like a "normal" person). I am sleeping better and feeling more energetic. I am clear-headed and for the first time since I don't know when I can actually imagine a happy life without alcohol. I believe it's possible. And I plan to work relentlessly to prove it. ..It is so great to be here surrounded by such a supportive community. Thank you all for being a part of my recovery. I look forward to getting to know you better. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a great reason to stop. I never got to meet my grandmother because she died from alcoholism and it would have been great to meet her. Good luck on your journey!
Welcome aboard and thanks for sharing your story.  You're young and have a whole wonderful life ahead of you.  I like Smart Recovery tools and I read a lot of books too.  Check out the sidebar for great stories and some references. IWNdWYT
Congrats on your decision to stop.  It's an adjustment for sure but I'm so glad I made the change.  I really like life better without alcohol which I never thought I'd say in a million years.  I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations!  It took a lot of courage i know.  I felt like the werewolf waiting for the full moon in the beginning.  Your kids and wife are in for a better life!  And so are you!..My grandfather died of dt's my whole family drank heavily.  Not me!  Praise the Lord!!!   Enjoy!
Welcome DD and huge congratulations on your 12 days of sobriety    ...You are doing a wonderful thing for yourself and for your family. Pull in all the supports you can my friend - this journey can get pretty interesting  ...There are lots of book and podcast recommendations available and this reddit group has been nothing short of inspirational for me. So I am on here every day...Just in case you didn't spot it there is a daily check in thread on here which I find great. It gives a chance to recommit daily to our sober choice and to catch up with our sober friends...Much joy and strength to you on this journey. I will not drink with you today and I will remain vigilant  
Loved your story! I am happy for you that you are quitting at 37. IWNDWYT
Way to go!! I will not be drinking with you today   Have a Great day
Alcohol withdrawal drunken tremors.  He was homeless acutely addicted to drinking.  He fell off of a curb and broke his hip he died that night in the hospital from withdrawal.
