-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahmsl5/made_it_to_100_days_sober_again_and_felt_totally/

36F.  I made huge progress over the last year in staying sober after many years of daily drinking (1-2 bottles of wine each night with heavier binges on the weekends).  ..I made it to 118 days before drinking (very intentionally) on my birthday in August.  I got right back on the wagon and put another 130+ days on my next badge.  It felt easy I felt good I really felt like I put this addiction behind me....Then on New Year's Eve I had a single beer.  And on a Sunday night a couple of weeks later I randomly and impulsively drank a lot of wine.  Last night I had three very strong (10%+ ABV) Belgian beers with dinner.  The logic I used for these decisions was flimsy and made me realize that I didn't just have a couple of slips I'm sliding headlong back to where I used to be....It helps me to write this out so here are some observations some things I did wrong and red flags I ignored and a couple things I need to do differently if I am going to get and stay sober again:..1. That single beer on New Year's Eve should have been a major red flag.  I had no intention of drinking that night but talked myself into it in the span of about two seconds.  I only had one beer and left it at that which in retrospect was more dangerous than if I had binged.  It planted the seed that I can moderate and it shattered my conviction to stay completely sober.  ..2. I didn't reset my badge after that one beer on NYE and I didn't come here for support.  That was a big mistake.  ..3. I haven't been spending much time on SD lately I've become more of a casual browser.  I haven't been posting or commenting and when I read about other people struggling I realized that I feel removed from it.  Like my struggles are in the past and the users here are struggling in the present.  That's a lie these struggles are very real and very present for me I've just been doing my damnedest to ignore them...4.  Nothing has changed in my relationship with alcohol.  I don't want one drink I want ten drinks.  Every single time without exception.  When I drank one beer on NYE I wanted ten more.  I didn't drink ten more but I wanted them and I agonized about whether I should or shouldn't have more.  ..5. Alcohol destroys my sleep.  When I binged on wine last Sunday I jolted awake at 1:50 a.m. like I did for years after drinking my nightly 1-2 bottles of wine.  The same thing happened last night after three strong beers.  Snapped awake with head pounding anxiety thrumming in my chest and the revolting sour/sweet/rotten taste of alcohol in my mouth.  This will never change it happens every time I drink...6.  I spent $100 last night on dinner and drinks. More than half of that was spent on alcohol.  That's more than I spend on groceries in a week.  I have been making huge progress in paying down debt and am on track to be debt free in the next 12 months.  If I choose to start drinking again I will add crippling financial stress back to the equation...7. I hate myself when I drink.  I am in a cycle of shame regret and self-loathing right now that inhibits every other part of my life.  I don't hate myself when I don't drink.  Drinking more will not alleviate this self-hatred it will fuel it...8. I can't give myself the freedom to choose each and every day whether I'm going to drink.  I know many people like the victory of choosing not to drink one day at a time but I need to make a single permanent decision not to drink.  That's what made my previous 100+ day streaks of sobriety feel easy: I didn't have to make the decision every day or multiple times a day.  The decision was made: I would not drink that day or any other day.  I don't know why I opened this question up for debate again - if I take the option off the table I barely think about it and it's easy to move through life without alcohol. ..9. There is a person in my life that enables me and will always encourage me to drink.  We have an extremely complicated relationship but the heart of it is that we are both problem drinkers and we enable each other.  I will be a better person if I end this relationship.  It pains me to admit this but this might be the largest obstacle to my long-term sobriety.  I think I might need to start counseling to work through this.  The idea terrifies me.  I feel every possible emotion when I think about this person and I think I need help facing these issues directly....I feel like a chump right now.  I felt gross when I went to bed last night I felt horrible when I woke up in the middle of the night and I feel disgusting this morning.  I robbed myself of half of my weekend.  I forfeited a great night of sleep and the peaceful contented feeling of waking up on Saturday morning feeling good and feeling the weekend stretched out ahead of me.  I want to remember how this feels and I want to write down with certainty that this is what awaits me every time I drink.  It will never get better it will only get worse....Thank you all for being here.  Keep fighting the good fight.  I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

The introspection you've expressed here - I'm sure a lot of us can relate to.  I know I can...It's not unusual though for us to try to test the waters and see if maybe just maybe things will turn out differently "this time."   We have to learn by doing I guess...Thanks for your post and I will not drink with you today.
Good read. IWNDWYT 
This is very good stuff. Spot on analysis. Thanks for taking the time to post this. You have helped more than you will ever know.
*It planted the seed that I can moderate and it shattered my conviction to stay completely sober.*..This. This is why there is no successful moderation for me--the success itself is the trap. Thank you for being so brave and truthful and for being here. IWNDWYT.
Thanks for posting this. Really insightful about the 1 drink being the false flag almost.
I'm so sorry that you have been struggling but thank you so much for posting this. It helps me so much to read things like this (as I'm sure it does others). It's great that you're making some important realizations you should be proud of that and the progress that you're making. We got this!
You said "I didn't drink ten more but I wanted them and I agonized about whether I should or shouldn't have more." THIS. This right here is why like you I know I'll never be a moderate drinker. I'm finally rid of the obsessive thinking around alcohol and that may be one of the best things I've been able to cast off through this whole experience. ..You're awesome for reflecting on and sharing this stuff. This is how recovery happens. Keep going! 
You nailed my struggles on the head!  Thank you for sharing your insights. I think these failures aren't failures as long as we learn from them and get back on track. Glad to share this journey with you and I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing your observations.  I thought it was interesting how you compared making one decision was easier than deciding every day.  Whatever works is the right answer.  IWNDWYT
I relate to your post so much. Success by drinking one is a trick. If I could have one and genuinely decide I don't want more and then not think about it again it would be different. That never seems to be the case though. In terms of your relationship have you talked to them about it? Maybe give them the opportunity to make a choice before cutting them out. Triggering relationships are so hard but being honest with them might help in their journey as well.
This was incredibly insightful.  I'm blown away by your self awareness and objective observations.  Thank you for sharing!
I had no defense from that first drink. The endless cycles of not drinking at all to drinking all day long.. I wanted to moderate. To enjoy drinking like i see other people. To walk away and forget about drinking again like other people. I didnt want a drink. I wanted a drunk. Normal people dont think like i do about alcohol...So what changed? I had to be honest with myself that i was an alcoholic and i cannot drink again. Took me ten painful years to know the gig was up...Keep coming back. Keep trying..
Lots of love. IWNDWYT 
Well put. Thanks for sharing that.
Fuck I could've written this.  Thanks for posting it and let's not drink today.  
Such an awesome post and a great reminder of how bad it gets and never works out. Thanks for sharing that
35/M swipes right because you aren't giving up but sorry I'm married
There is nothing I can add here that the other commenters have not already said -- everything you said is true and every comment they made in response is just as true. I am saving this post to read and re-read when that little moderation devil starts whispering as he does so often. (I do love your comment "The waters have been tested" though. Made me chuckle. So true. 
Dont over think it.  Not drinking is a life style not a number...
I see it in my own story and in many here. There really is something that happens in the early triple digit days say 100-150 that seems to be a breaking point.  It happened to me.  I will be extra vigilant when I get there again but would gladly hear testimony about what gets people over that hump from those with more days .  I think it may be the distance from the last hangover so the risk perception is less
Fantastic reminder of the dreaded interrupted sleep ugggh.  I'm only 30 days in to my latest sobriety but every morning I breathe a sigh of relief when I feel my steady calm heart rhythm relaxed body and the assurance that my mind will be ready for the day by the time I get out of bed and have a cup of tea.  It is a miracle and gift to have those reliable strong feelings in your heart mind and body and I thank you for reminding me with this post!
I spent a quarter of my pay check last night and ended up in the hospital. Thanks for posting this. I was ten months sober when I had one drink on Christmas Eve and thought  I knew I could drink responsibly.  
Thanks for posting. I'm saving this
Thank you so much for writing all this down and sharing it with us. I identify with a lot of what you wrote. I live in fear that I'll talk myself into drinking again and you helped remind me of the inevitable consequences. 
Your observations are a gift to me today I'm wavering and distracted. Thank you. Good luck getting back to where you want to be you're obviously strong - you can kick  it to the curb once  again! IWNDWYT x
Great post with so much insight. Thanks. I will not drink with you today. 
I myself tried moderating many times. Last time i went on a 10 yr bender. Absolute blackout for 10 yrs. I remind myself multiple times a day that i am an alcoholic and therefore must remain alcohol free. It works for me. I do not approach it as a cured illness but as a symptom of a disease over which with the help of others and some brutal honesty i can suppress. I know ill never be free of the demons inside if i keep feeding them. I.W.N.D.W.Y.T. dont give up the longer you have under your belt the easier it becomes to identify  and halt the process
You are lucky enough to comprehend your mistakes. You are your own creator at this point guilt is for random actions..too me you are on the right journey. IWNDWYT  
This is brilliant.  Really lays it out why you don't want to let alcohol in to your otherwise healthy young life!  
Great post. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT.
That number 9 is a killer. It will require some sort of couples therapy. You are not in a position to be able to handle the screaming drama on top of the every day drama of not drinking. 
Thank you for this post! I too try to remember the anxiety interrupted sleep and also the shame every time I set out to drink 1-2 glasses of wine and ended up drinking a bottle (quite honestly that was the case more often than not). I have yet to make it to 118 days  but hopefully this time I will!
Thank you for coming back and sharing your experience. These "I drank" posts are super super helpful reminders for those of us who are feeling shaky that it's not worth it. ..Proud of you for the growth you're showing here. I know you feel kinda shitty right now but let me assure you that you are crushing life insofar as you are recognizing what your needs really are and doing the work to set yourself to rights. I look forward to hearing more about your progress in 2019 /u/mightaswelltry_eh. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for this post. I'm over 100 days sober and have been toying with the idea to have wine on my upcoming anniversary. But I am like you I realize and I can't pick a day or two where I give myself permission to drink. I just have to be someone who doesn't drink. Period. Your words really hit home with me. There are better ways to celebrate being with the man I love than doing something I know I'll regret! 
Thank you for writing this post. I need to read it every so often as I am exactly the same
Thank you for writing this OP. I needed to read this today. IWNDWYT
This feels so familiar my red flag should have been the one glass of champagne on NYE. Since that drink I felt like I was moderating but instead I was slipping into old habits within a week bringing me back to today after 8 beers last night...The only way to stay sober is not drinking
This is exactly what I needed to read today.  Thank you. 
Great observations! Our back stories are similar so I thank you for taking the time to write out and share these thoughts. IWNDWYT. 
I was just saying I was in a post year slump. That SD was for the newly sober.  But it's not.  It's there for the long hall. For everyone situation there is a common story to tell and a story to learn from.   I also believe that making the permanent decision is the solve for me. It was the constant mental math of drinking that destroyed me. I was a vegetarian for 20 years and I just made meat not an option. Even though I eat meat  again that model was the way for me. Good luck. Heads up soberino. Good to see you back at it. 
I think you are strong for being so open and sharing this. As someone in the early days you've really helped me by talking about the red flags and the hard decision about sometimes having to end friendships. I can totally see how managing to just have the one beer nye have you the idea you could moderate. I'm with you that I think I have to admit I can never ever drink or I will be the person I hate again. Good luck with your new start you seem so switched on and bring debt free in 12 months will be amazing! thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT 
Thanks for the post. It genuinely helps. I've been drinking 30 years I've never been past 6 months sober. I made 105 days last year cracked and then boozed the rest of the year until November. Today I was thinking that the hard days are about to hit me. I find starting sobriety easy it's the long term I struggle with. I'm now entering dangerous territory for myself so this post helps me. I've saved it too! Don't beat yourself up too much. It's flipping addictive and many of us have failed to beat it many times. Reframe it as a lesson where you learned something new and then try again! Chin up! 
[deleted]
That was powerful. Thank you so much for sharing. Such insight and self awareness of your struggles resonate with me and this entire community will benefit from this post. Blessings.  IWNDWYT. 
Brilliant post; every bit of it true for me too. While I make my commitment one day at a time I hold in my head and my heart that this is forever.  If I allow any room in me for that to be different I'm screwed.  I relapsed after 11+ years sober in a similar manner...one sip on a night which led to a drink and then to a couple and then face down that muddy slope...for six years until I hauled my sorry ass back out of the hole I'd dug. Welcome back.
I can relate. I thought it would be a good idea to get a little 200ml bottle of Jack Daniel's but the store was out so instead I purchased a 750ml bottle. I ended up drinking the entire bottle. Worst part is the next day I had no hangover.
I so love the support on this community. This post  brings revelation for many people and scrolling the comments feels like a deep convo with friends. Support for free. This app is a blessing and you all are too. God bless!
Thank you so much for sharing. I've lurked on this sub for a couple of weeks but reading about how important it was for you to engage in SD encouraged me to jump in. IWNDWYT. 
Hey I have a different approach to me it's life and death so my motto is if I drink again I will die. Makes it simple good luck. 
Thank you so much for sharing your words were incredibly powerful and extremely helpful to me in this moment. I just returned from brunch where I grappled with the idea that I could just have one mimosa in the end I knew that if I started with one I would either a) have more thane one or b) have only one but want more and then spend the rest of the day thinking about drinking so I opted to stick with coffee and I'm so glad that I did.  Best of luck on your continued sobriety. 
You hit the nail on the head. Once you fall there is no to get out without quitting outright. Both my brother and I are alchoholics. He's extreme and tho not ruining his life it has held him back to one day from the next of being homeless. (not my situation) One thing poignant that he said he has to fall to remind himself. He can go about a year and then fall for a month. Since I've started a couple of years ago I'm in the same boat. I'm quitting again on Sunday and hope it sticks this time.What I'm saying is no matter what don't quit on quitting. You are better off for it. I always feel better sober but I'm an addict also. 
Thank you so so much for this. I'm getting pretty close to a year and am finding it easy this time so I'm getting that slightly complacent feeling. Your story is such a good reminder that feeling is a lie. You saying how you had no plans or desire to drink and it all changed in  two seconds  made me feel sick. Because that's exactly how it is for us. We can never ever let our guard down. Such an important thing to remember.
Thank you for sharing. I needed that today. 
You get better at quitting every time you do it! Then voila the last time you try it it works! It endures and just feels normal. Sounds to me like you're closing in on this - the final quit. 
I quit at 23(F). It's been nearly 9 years and I don't think I really quite forever at the beginning but it was definitely a black or white decision. I can't do halfway measures. I tried writing for a month only drinking but not getting drunk etc etc. It didn't work for me. I had to really decided that I was a non-drinker completely. And it's still not always easy. But I never consider drinking again. Life is so much better without it in nearly every way.   .Just keep at it every day not drinking is better for you than a day or drinking. It will stick eventually. 
Well written. Excellent introspection. I really get the  one beer was the mistake...because I wanted 10 more...  comment. I feel the same. Glad you're back to first commiserate and secondly get back on the wagon! IWNDWYT!
Thanks for posting. I hit 90 days yesterday and didn't bother to say anything here myself - so this comes at a good time. I'll repeat what I heard on here from someone else: Even when your badge resets your knowledge doesn't. It sounds like you've had a very productive time so try to be happy about that rather than disgusted at your mistakes. 
It's crazy August birthday and 36F as well omg. I resonated with this so much and I had to save it to refer back again and again. Especially the part about when you weren't on SD as much and felt removed. Or the part where you had just a few and felt like yeah maybe you could moderate. I start therapy next week! Oh and I got one good 130 stretch in before falling off too since then it's been a few days at a time. This shit is hard. I'm grateful for this sub I wish you the best. Thank you so much for sharing your story.  
Ugh that anxiety and panic and self-loathing what a horrible feeling...And yet we subject ourselves to it over and over again. 
Welcome back! Thanks for the insight always find it very useful to learn from others as Im also learning more about myself. ..I will not drink with you today.
Thank you soooo much for sharing.  Great self reflection and generous of you to share what youve learned...It will help me for sure...So good that you've learned so much from your experience.  Great attitude to use it to try to improve.  And hey youve had a couple of really long strings of success and a few bad days...I wish you strength...  thank you again.
"It will never get better it will only get worse."..Well-said and so f*cking true. 
Thank you for sharing. I needed to hear/read this story today. ..Praying for strength for you and for all of us 
I also made it 120 days and relapsed. Nothing changes. If you couldn't before you can't now. To anyone thinking about it.
Your post has helped me so very much right now. Thank you for capturing it the way you did...I'm on Day 20 and have been dodging the fact that I need to re-evaluate the relationships in my life...IWNDWYT.
This is one of the best posts I've read in a very long time.  Thank you for so eloquently stating the simple truths about addiction. I have a good hunch you'll make it this time!  Many Blessings to you u/mightaswelltry_eh!
Your post resonates with me. I am just over 100 days and contemplating the possibility of moderation. Just wine with special occasions. But I know how easy it would be for me to fall right back into my old daily drinking pattern. Frankly the prospect of return to that lifestyle terrifies me. This fear is what is keeping me away from alcohol. I do know I can slip up and frankly my resolve is not as strong as I want it to be. I'm definitely ok for now but am worried about the long term. 
Really great post and it reminded me that I too have been only casually browsing this sub and hardly ever commenting. So thank you for the eye-opener!
thanks for posting. good luck!
Very insightful thank you for writing this out. Putting it down in back and white makes a different kind of impact. I hope it helps you as it might help others
I have to wake up every day and look myself in the mirror and say"Booze you lose" .
How do you do no. 8?   I don't get it...?   I have the choice to drink at least 10x every day and I'm teetering on drinking every hour every minute.  I feel totally fucking manic and insane.  Alcohol fixes this insanity but then it restarts the clock to day 1.  Iwndwyt
I binged this past week after letting myself think I had a responsible hold on it you got this and it's good you acknowledge it
Thank you so much for sharing in such great detail what you are going through right now and how you got here. I'm glad you've pinpointed what works and what doesn't. ..I relate to so much of what you're going through. And selfishly this is exactly what I needed to read right at this very moment so again thank you...I will not drink with you today  
Like others have echoed.. this is me to a T.  You're not alone.  
I really needed to read this. I am a little over 90 days sober and your post resonates so much with me. Recently I've been feeling like this has been pretty easy in some ways and that I can get drunk a couple times a year - - what's the big deal? ..The problem is that non-alcoholics drink moderately they don't literally plan out occasional binge sessions. They don't go from one drink to 10 drinks over the span of an hour or 2. ..I need to never touch this poison again. 
Seeing your post I decided to see how far I'd gone before having a drink on NYE and by that night I was at 91 days. NINETY-ONE?!! How could I have not thought to count it out to see how far along I was?..I just want to swear. Cuss. You know the kind of language that would make my mom grab a bar of soap. ..Congrats to you for making it t to 100 even doing that twice. Good luck this next time. ..IWNDWYT. 
Wow. What a moving post. Thank you for that beautifully written perspective! I'm 19 days into January and commiting to a month has helped too. I have thought about having 1 beer but I want more than one beer.
\&gt;   I only had one beer and left it at that which in retrospect was more dangerous than if I had binged.  ..Yep I have fallen for this myself too many times.  It's that little glimmer of hope that I might be able to drink in moderation that allows me to get sucked into a binge lasting three days...Totally not worth it.  Thanks for your share...IWNDWYT
Thank you for your post and I encourage anyone else to just post. Just get your words out please. It helps everyone.
i feel like reading this now is going to help me later.  Thank you for posting.
This was an amazing amazing post and exactly what I needed to read right now. You described the sliding back into it so perfectly! Giving yourself permission agonizing over wanting more the sleepless shame cycles ruining weekends. I am going to a meeting tomorrow and staying strong &amp; sober! Thanks for writing this. I will not drink with you today. 
I haven't had time to read through all the comments but have saved your AWESOME post for when I can sit with it properly. ..I love your reflections and insights. Your voice is clear and measured. Thank you for sharing this - an invaluable contribution to this community you so appreciate. And you've provoked some great replies too. ..Thank YOU for being a part of the amazingness! ..xox
Thank you. I'm dead scared of relapsing and this helps me a lot.
So much of this post resonates with me!..I wasted 6 years with a guy that I was in love with but I can't even reflect clearly on our relationship because drinking and smoking up was such a big part of it. Lots of good times and genuine love but the mindful side of me knew it was a lie. ..You sound like you have a good head on shoulders to face the rest of the challenges of getting back on the wagon and choosing sobriety as a life style in the long term but please lose this person as soon as you can. My former best friend's new  number has not even been saved on my phone because I'm afraid she will lash out at me  our of the blue and I'm on guard to cut her out of my life once again. She's an alcoholic. As am I. ..We need to treasure and nurture our sobriety and never ever take it for granted.
Today is day one again for me. Thank you for this. It is so true in every way. Those 4 beers did nothing for me last night but make me feel worse. Longest stretched for me is 25 days and 23 days. This is my second reset since accepting I'm an alcoholic. 
Thanks for writing this it's so easy to slip off our paths. Sounds like you realize where your mistakes were made.
Thank you so much for posting this I had to read it this morning. I had two Oduhls at the bar last night and I feel like i  cheated.  I also feel like your number is seven is so true for me more than I realized. It is sooooooo easy to talk yourself into thinking you've got it under control. Then 4 days later ... poof!   you fell off the wagon and it's far away. IWNDWYT 
Wow congrats on your self insight and your ability to look inward and really put it all out there to yourself in regards to your drinking. I'm proud of you because I know that wasn't easy to do. I can relate with everything you said but something I heard you say in particular really stood out because it is something that I have struggled with too. It was that a relationship with another problem drinker had to end. It probably does. I ended a very long friendship with someone and it hurt a lot and continues to hurt sometimes but since I've let this person go ironically (or not ironically) I haven't felt the need to take a drink. Before this I would relapse with this person every 1-2 weeks and always found a reason to not take being sober seriously. This woman was literally poison to my life. Her negativity her drinking her enabling my enabling her. It was a toxic cycle. I have washed my hands clean of her and this also is making space for healthier friendships to bud in my own life. Also yah the money. Isn't it nuts how we can be all thrifty in every other area of our lives then just throw money away when it comes to drinking? What was always so ironic to me was the fact id go spend $100 on going out have nothing to show for it and feel like shit to boot and then I would never let myself buy a new pair of running shoes for months that I actually would have gotten plenty of use from and it would be towards feeling healthier. Anyways I won't drink with you today and thank you for sharing which helps me stay away from the bottle today as well.  
These relapses only strengthen your recovery. They hurt as they should but they also serve as medals of honor that are earned through pain and only make your future stronger than ever. As corny as it sounds it's very true.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts and triggers. Thanks for reminding us not to be complacent. I will not drink with you today!
You have a lot of comments here but had to add another. This is one of the most helpful posts I've ever read on SD. Bookmarking to read again later. I may even print it out and post it inside my closet door. I am also a 36F and related so much to how you expressed yourself. My reasons for not drinking are much the same. IWNDWYT
I favorited this post a while back and revisit it when i need help.. thank you! Iwndwyt!
