-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahn78t/painful_evening_last_night/

I won't go into too many details about last night but I got home with a lump in my throat and a heaviness in my chest. Resentments toward two people in my life (which I thought I had gotten over) reached a boiling point. On my way home I thought briefly about drinking or drugging. I immediately said no to that thought and didn't allow it to proceed into any fantasies about how nice it would be to blot out the discomfort...I spent a bit of time hanging out with my roommates even though it was already late. I was really avoiding going to bed. Ended up lying in bed for quite a while in pain and emotional distress. Then I fell asleep. I had vivid dreams that weren't unpleasant. I woke up today and there's a small amount of pain still but I'm feeling so grateful I didn't relapse...This go around with sobriety has been pretty easy so far. Last night was a reminder that it won't always be easy. And that life still has a lot of pain in store. It's not all pink clouds and sunshine from here on out. But it was super valuable to endure heartache and feel stronger for it. And to realize that the pain won't kill me but drowning in substances might...The sun goes down and the sun comes up and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome write up. Life can be hard. It's better to go through the emotions like you did rather than push them away. Every day won't be as hard as yesterday. Keep taking positive actions and every day you'll be closer and closer to the person you're striving to be.
&gt; And to realize that the pain won't kill me but drowning in substances might...What a courageous mature statement jsteve...No it won't always be easy; but I'm so proud of you for *feeling* the unpleasant emotions hangin' with your roommates and then going to sleep. I know it was extremely difficult but you did it. ..Beautiful NDV!..PS: *sleep is still one of my favorite tools in sobriety ;).*
Keep the strength. You can do it one day at a time. IWNDWYT 
I'm doing dry January to see if I want/need to go sober which i read this sub...A tool I've used on the past with people that I've had issues that we can't resolve together is this... i write a letter that i DO NOT SEND . I write down all my emotions and their and my responsibility to the issue. I keep the letter a week reading it every day. Editing as needed. At the end of the week I BURN the letter and let the smoke carry away the anger or resentment or whatever.  Rinse and repeat as needed..Luck and love. IWNDWYT
Good job getting through it.  IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing - one of the scariest parts for me is feeling uncomfortable or painful things. Your bravery is what I needed to read right now. ..You are so right. The days will keep going whether we drink or not. But our experience through those will be so so different if we are drinking and wasting every day or if we are sober and truly present for all of those days. ..IWNDWYT!!!
