-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahpshm/talk_about_what_you_are_feeling/

Hi everyone. Some back story since it's been a while. I am in the midst of the longest stretch of sobriety yet...tomorrow will be 120 days. Most days lately I feel amazing it's truly a miracle. But there are some really dark days still that bring me to the brink of throwing everything away because of my emotional state. Today is one of those days. I just have a feeling of what the hell is the point I have made it this far why do I feel crappy? I was running errands with my wife and kids and we visited her cousin who has a new puppy. It brought me over the edge because I was seeing this life I used to have but simply cannot any more. Fancy beer...friends hanging out...just having a good time and enjoying the weekend. Its a look at the life I used to have. I fucking hate my brain. I miss this life so much. But the consequences just outweigh the short lived benefits so much. On the way back home my head was basically spinning...I just felt pissed and angry and sad at what I've become. I basically just started crying and just told my wife straight up what I was feeling and that I just wanted my old life back but I knew I couldn't. ..This spun my day around quite a bit. I realized I just needed to tell someone my thoughts unfiltered. Everyone out there struggling...please call a loved one...your sponsor...anyone. You do not have to white knuckle any single moment. Please embrace the help of those will listen. Get those thoughts out in spoken word if you can manage to because although it might not fix it completely I promise it will not make it worse. ..God or whatever higher power you rely on...hope it's all with you today. I will not drink with you all today. We can do this!!!    
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you reached out to someone.  Congrats on 118 days.  The good news is that in time according to most of the stories I've read not drinking becomes a JOY because of the huge benefits and not a penance in the slightest.  IWNDWYT  
I feel this in my soul. Thank you so much for sharing. I too have been in a very emotional state because I'm finally accepting I can never go back and that I have to say good bye to that life forever. Some days I don't get on here as often and I've found myself straight up crying when I see friends enjoying themselves on the weekends like you described. Again I really appreciate you sharing it feels good to know I'm not alone In my grieving. I will not drink with you today 
I can relate so much to your post - it hits close to home. A couple of days back I had a rough day at work. Nothing drastic but my ability to face life felt a little... eroded. I remember the distinct thought  a beer would do me good right about now.' And just like that after 250+ days of sobriety (I don't remember exactly which day this was) I realized that my brain has not stopped thinking of alcohol as a crutch as a relief. By the grace of God my sobriety continues. My life today is infinitely beautiful compared to my drunk days. No rainbows and butterflies but every waking moment is more lively and every moment of sleep is that much sweeter. I can't fathom for the life me why I would think that that dark hellhole would be a  relief'. I'm immensely grateful for every sober moment. ..Thank you for your post friend. I wish you continued strength and grace in this struggle. Sober on! IWNDWYT..
