-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahr513/had_a_major_meltdown/

On Wednesday this week I had a major meltdown. It was my day off from work and it started well. Dropped the kids off to school got home and went for a run in the forest. Got home talked to my sister for a while and then started to get on with my chores for the day. I had some old music on which triggered a specific set of memories and emotions from that time and I just started spiralling. More and more negative thoughts. I sent various texts to people which would have come across as a bit crazy and I just felt like I went into self destruct. I couldn't stop crying. Then I had to go and get the kids from school and I just felt so anxious and stressed. My husband got home from being away and I literally just went to bed. I couldn't face doing anything else...BUT I DID NOT DRINK. ..I have struggled with anxiety and depression over the last few years and my mental health was deteriorating whilst I was drinking. I really felt like I was doing well exercising more and being more positive but this day really scared me that I could experience that level of anxiety without alcohol. ..Please tell me that this is maybe to be expected?!  
----------immediate responses--------

Music can be a trigger at least for me. I actively avoid listening to some kinds of music in times I wanna stay sober. So I guess music can be trigger for all kinds of mood. Glad you stayed strong. Sometimes just going to bed early is the best and strongest thing you can do. IWNDWYT 
Also I suffered from anxiety more before I started taking prozac.
My first year was emotional roller coaster.  Alcohol had caused severe anxiety and depression.  Things settled down for me in the second year.  I drank alcoholically for 30 years so it took my body mind heart and soul a significant time to heal.  Sounds to me like you notched another sober living victory.  I too worked with a Dr. and considered mood medication for anxiety and depression.  Finally it cleared and proved to be more episodic than chronic.  Hang in there you are definitely not alone.  Post acute withdrawal can be difficult and frustrating.
Mood swings are very common in early recovery. They will be less frequent and less severe with time. For every day you do not drink your brain is repairing itself. Hang in there. It gets much much better.
[removed]
