-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahsmn8/an_atheist_wanting_to_make_aa_work/

Hey there..I know this topic has been discussed her many times before so if there is a really great thread I should be reading feel free to link me to it. ..I have been a pretty "devout" atheist since early high school (raised Catholic). Being an atheist is actually an important part of my identity. Because of this I have always balked at the idea of going to AA. Too much God for me and no matter how much people told me there was room for agnostics and atheists in the program I didn't want to hear it...Just over 3 weeks ago when I started getting sober again I decided to just dive in and try it. And I really like it. I am going to 3-4 meetings per week (i.e. every other day) and I find it really helpful to talk with other alcoholics. I found a meeting I really like the format of and I look forward to going and having that support. I also leave feeling less like drinking...As you can see from my badge after 3 weeks of not drinking I slipped on a business trip and drank for basically 2 days straight. It's made me want to come back to AA with a new determination and listen to what people told me for the 3 weeks I've been in the program - take it seriously work the steps find a sponsor etc...I am trying to have an open mind but EVEN with all of the reassurance that "God" doesn't actually have to be the religious GOD of my childhood - it can be your own version of a higher power I am still struggling to even get past Step 2. I've read the chapter to the agnostic in the big book and I appreciate it. I have heard people describe their higher power as the universe itself as a spiritual being as energy out in the universe etc...I totally get and appreciate that it does NOT have to be a religious version of God and that's great. But even trying to 'turn myself over' to the universe just feels foreign to me - when I feel people describe it it feels like they are turning their lives over to fate - another concept I don't believe in. I believe as a human I am a bunch of matter that ultimately has full self control. The chemicals in my brain make up my feelings and my actions - not something exterior to me. I understand alcohol and addiction take away some of that control but I do not believe that "the universe" can cure me (Please don't take this as condescending for those who DO believe this - I respect all beliefs I just want to be bluntly honest here about my perspective)...I also DO believe in the power of placebo and believe that IF I BELIEVE there is a higher power in the universe taking the wheel and helping me however that would require me to believe it in the first place and I enter this spiral of being too self aware that I need to let go of my self awareness. ..I am not giving up - I believe there is a role for me in AA and it can help me but I would love to hear from other agnostics or atheists in AA and understand how you work the steps without that belief. If you have tips for how to conceive of a higher power in a way you don't think will counteract my core beliefs - i am ALL ears. Likewise if you have a different way I can think about the steps and the program I am ALL for it too...I plan to keep going to AA - but I want to be more honest and genuine there and find how I fit in. I think it could be a key to helping me put an end to these badge resets.
----------immediate responses--------

This was one of my sticking points with AA.  My favorite solution was someone who proposed that  God  could stand for Group Of Drunks the AA fellowship.  I couldn't get on board with it in the end but the idea always made me smile.
I found a Buddhist step work group - the readings make so much more sense to me and I still get to work the steps. Have you looked to see if you have any alternative groups in your area? SMART is really good too.
Didn't read much but your belief system has nothing to do with behaviour 
Just read something rational like "alcohol explained" 
I was raised Catholic also and consider myself a recovered Catholic...I too am atheist and struggled with AA especially as a woman some 36 years ago when women were not as prevalent at meetings as they are today. ..One of the things that helped me the most was using these steps. Hardcore AA folks are not happy changing the steps in this way but I believe the core meaning is retained. Here goes:..**Steps Without the God-Stuff:**..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head...Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers so I'll ask for help...Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given...Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life...Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others...Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life...Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal...Step 8: List everyone I have hurt...Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm...Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors...Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people...Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me..
Well can your higher power be your subconscious and supraconscious? Then you are still staying within yourself. 
Let's review step 2:..&gt;Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity..It does not say "believed" it says "came to believe".  This is a process not a singular event.
Just make the most of it man. I'm not religious either I'm agnostic but I still understand every religion makes good points here and there. So just go and listen about being a good person without problems etc and just do you 
I'd say that some Daniel Dennet would clear up those false dichotomies of internal/external and which part has control...
Have you read *Recovery: Freedom from Your Addictions* by Russell Brand? I'd recommend it. I don't go to AA or do step work and I'm also a "devout atheist" for lack of a better description but was totally impressed by the arguments he laid out for the steps. Since reading it a few months ago I've been thinking I really need to get my ass to AA one of these days. 
Hmm...  I think I'd say that your sticking point isn't so much about atheism.   If the chemicals in your brain are in complete control of themselves that would mean that they were somehow outside of the chain of causation that defines the rest of the world.  .And we can't exactly have a bunch of guys running around being exempt from the chain of causation now can we?..(Also I hate to be a dick but if *you're* in complete control.... why do you drink all that booze?)..I'd go for Danniel Dennet.  Philosopher of Evolutionary Biology.  "Consciousness Explained".  I realize it's a hell of a title but I think he pulled it off 
I wouldn't worry about the higher power thing.  Sounds like an obstacle...I'd set it aside.  It doesn't have to be resolved...How about the "I am a bunch of matter that ultimately has full self control"...The ONLY thing I have control over is my next decision.  ..I don't control my feelings... but I can *influence* them...I don't control my thinking. I can sometimes focus it for short periods...I don't control my actions ...  but can achieve an approximation of what I seek to do with my body...I don't control the outcomes or results but sometimes can guide a dynamic environment...Whadda ya think?
I'm an atheist and I was able to come to believe in power greater than myself sufficient to take the 12 Steps and recover...I found the stories in the book Alcoholics Anonymous Vicious Cycle and Tightrope to help me come to an initial understanding that the program and the fellowship are greater than trying to quit on my own...https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-86_theGodWord.pdf.
