-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahsyb0/180/

I'm on a flight as I type this...Flights/airports used to be my kryptonite.  Drinking on a flight was a way to make me feel important.   It's not alcoholism it is just that you are a very important person who has a stressful job.  No wonder they keep refilling your glass .  Sigh.  Embarrassing to remember thinking that way...I just finished a glass of cranberry juice and  so dang proud of myself for clarifying  NO vodka  when the lovely flight attendant took my order.  I  so dang happy!..I have been humbled enough to realize that I don't have any amazing insights to a painless recovery just one day at a time and it gets so much easier...The one thing I will say is it does get so much easier.  To the newbies on here struggling with single digit...hang in there.  Hang in there and it will get easier.  Hang in there but make sure to remember how hard you are struggling right now.  Once you have some days under your belt you might still get a random temptation...but remembering what those first days of sobriety were like and how you had to fight for each of those moments...that right there will be inspiration to hold strong...Thank you to all of you for your guidance fellowship wisdom and commentary...IWNDWYT!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! I'm on day 188 and I agree it does get much easier. IWNDWYT!! 
Congrats on 180 days     also for sharing your insights!  Iwndwyt
Way to go on 180! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
That's amazing - congrats! I'm 18 days in and you have 10x my days! Glad to hear it gets easier. 
I completely know how you feel. I fully expect my airline of choice to be much more profitable this year based solely on me no longer consuming hundreds of free drinks in the lounge and on board this year. It's amazing the things we can justify...IWNDWYT!.
Happy 180!  Great milestone.  I hope your trip is smooth.  IWNDWYT
Business trips were always my kryptonite too. I'm in first class as I write this and it was always a combination of feeling  special  that the drinks were unlimited (as you say) and feeling like it's wasteful not to take advantage of it. ..I've learned that taking their constant stream of Coke Zero is just as satisfying... so IWNDWYT. 
Drinking in airports and on airplanes was a way of life for me too. My first flight sober will be Tuesday! 
