-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahsywv/my_brother_just_got_his_3rd_dwi_and_i_need_some/

My brother is my best friend. We have both been struggling with alcoholism/substance abuse. I have been in and out of treatment and currently am in an outpatient program...My brother refuses to get help. A few months ago he purposely crashed his car into a tree at 80 mph as a suicide attempt at and nearly died. He is fine and was let off without any punishment (that time would have been his 3rd)..This morning he stole his roommate's truck and attempted suicide the same way leaving a suicide note for me telling me he loves me and is so sorry. He walked away from the accident but is sitting in a padded jail cell waiting to see a judge for his THIRD DWI. IN SIX MONTHS...I don't know how to help him. He had admitted that he is an alcoholic/addict but nothing seems to phase him. I stay on call for him basically 24/7 but there is only so much I can do for him from 8 hrs away...He won't be getting bailed out unless he agrees to go to rehab. I just don't see him actually staying and completing a program. He really isn't safe from himself in the real world. ..I am at such a loss. I feel like I'm already losing him. It's like I know his death in inevitable and I am already mourning. I don't even know what I'm asking for here I just felt like reaching out to someone who might understand.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry. Have no advice but I'm thinking of you.
Geez that is terrible to hear.  I am very sorry to hear about you and your brother's plight.  ..I dont know if this is the right thing to do and it's just off the top of my head but if your brother's doctor thinks he is a danger to himself or to others then the law might intervene.  If you can speak to his doctor or to his defense attorney maybe that's a place to start.  ..It sounds draconian but it might be the best thing for him.   Just my two cents.  I hope things work out.   
I've got an alcoholic brother. You can't really help someone who doesn't want it. It was really hard to accept that. My best recommendation would be to set an example for him. Continue to get the help you need. Stay sober. Doesn't necessarily mean he'll follow but it's what's best for you. You are under no obligation to bail him out especially if he's suicidal. For some people it's safer than being free. 
Maybe tell the judge about the suicide note and have him committed somehow.  Praying for you and him. Whatever happens a drink will not make it any better.
Please understand that I am not being callous when I say that you need to step away from your brother's situation and put all your efforts into taking care of yourself...I am not saying to forget him or turn your back on him but his own struggle with addiction as well as the physical geography between the two of you make it nearly impossible for you to provide an effective pathway for his recovery...From what you have shared its sounds to me as though your brother views you as someone to enable his actions as well as his mindset.  But for him to get better he must admit to himself that he needs help.  If nothing changes in his life he won't see any reason to attempt change.  In the movie 'Clean And Sober' the main character goes to his AA sponsor after a woman he befriends goes back out and ultimately perishes.  As the main character asks his sponsor through tears 'what more could I have done?' his sponsor's reply is to remind him that it is wrong to think that we have some control over another person's sobriety.  I have experienced this situation in my own life...It is heartbreaking to stand in the doorway with someone you love offering to take their hand and walk them through only to be ignored...What is vitally important is that you take care of yourself first.  Do all you can to make yourself as fit as possible (physically mentally emotionally spiritually) so that you can take your brother's hand and walk him through the door IF he becomes willing...if you've ever been on a commercial flight when the attendant gives the safety instructions before takeoff he/she always states that in the event of an emergency if the oxygen masks fall in front of you put your mask on FIRST.  We aren't able to help others when we are in dire straits ourself.  Now is the time for you to put on your mask.  Do everything you can to heal in all ways.  For your sake and your brother's learn all you can while you are in treatment...seek out support groups (and a sponsor) once treatment is complete...read all you can about addiction and recovery...become an expert.  Find an aftercare counselor you connect with and dig into the reasons why substances play the roll they do in your life...take the world off your shoulders and accept ALL the help that is offered to you...and if that's not enough at times ASK for help...As for your brother tell him (again) how much you love him and that you need his help with YOUR sobriety.  Ask him to accept rehab individual counseling 12-step programming and all else because you need his help with your life...let him know that the 8 hours between you right now makes it so stressful on you that it would be helpful to your well being if he would accept professional personal and medical assistance close to where he is...BECAUSE HE IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF YOUR LIFE!..Finally understand that the only control you have is in your own life.  It doesn't mean stop loving your brother.  But it is ok almost imperative that you put yourself first right now.
He bailed himself out and is missing... I'm so scared 
