-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahtskl/sober_heartbreak/

if you've been drunk for many years of your life you may have experienced having someone beside you who loved you to death despite it all. someone who "knew you" underneath it all. someone who forgave you more times than they probably should have. someone who saw your sober times saw your happy times laughed and rolled around in bed with you came to your family shit shows listened to your trauma and your depression and your struggles and stood by white knuckling it through your binges and your blackouts waiting for the "real you" to come back...&amp;#x200B;..on that roller coaster of a relationship i believe many of us become deeply bonded to each other -- lovers yes but also great friends and companions...&amp;#x200B;..this is how i am with my ex. we've been split for awhile now and even went to couple's therapy as friends to talk through some of the things that happened while we were together. now that i've made a serious effort to get sober attend groups go to solo therapy etc i can feel things starting to shift between us...&amp;#x200B;..for instance tonight she is going on a date...&amp;#x200B;..she has no obligation to tell me but did sort of on accident. it was like a swift kick to the nuts. immediately my head starts running over how much better this guy is going to be. not a drunk. not a fuck up. not a mess. not someone trying to claw his way back to life in an outpatient program...&amp;#x200B;..my other thought is that she deserves to be happy whether its this guy a guy ten years from now or me one day when i'm capable of maintaining a relationship...&amp;#x200B;..it just ain't easy to be at home sober knowing it's happening and not want to walk to the liquor store right now and take a bottle to the face...&amp;#x200B;..i'm glad this sub exists or i would have been there by now...&amp;#x200B;..it ain't easy and i wanna cave right now but i'm gonna surf the thread until i fall asleep instead. ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You also deserve to be happy I can't speak to your relationship with this person but it sounds messy.  Maybe she finds someone great and frees you up to find someone great as well.  When you've got someone like that in the grey area of friends ex more than etc it can be real cloudy to yourself and people from the outside...8 days is a fantastic start and it's totally normal to be feeling the call to drink.  ..I'd advise to focus on yourself and focus on your sobriety.  Through this sobriety you'll gain a much greater source of perspective and who you really are on the inside.  It's a wonderful tool to wield and will yield many many passive benefits.
Thanks for sharing this.  You are STRONG.  You fucking rock.  I don't know how I would personally navigate this situation my friend... but man my heart just hurts for you.  You are stronger than me. 
Getting sober is such hard work you really need to be able to concentrate on yourself 100%. I'm not dating or in a relationship right now because it would be too much for me. Congrats on 8 days! IWNDWYT. 
This is me right now also. My husband has verified that he is in fact  done.   I've been sober for 18 months today and I thought I was being a better wife. I guess not. .I won't drink with y'all today. 
Hey man I just had to comment.  Your post is me right now.  Like almost word for word.  I'm so sorry you're going through this I can tell you that I know how horrible it is because I'm in the same place as you this very night.  I was with a wonderful caring devoted forgiving girl for almost 5 years.  I don't know why she loved me so much she was sure as hell out of my league and I'll never find someone like that again but she did.  She was there with me through my blackouts and my hangovers through my days of being curled up on the couch going through withdrawals through my promises of quitting and getting better through my outpatient program and through the times when the "real" me was present.  I'm sure she was always white-knuckling through those times just wishing the real me would come back soon.  She forgave me far too many times than she should have and still somehow it was never enough for me to find the strength to really quit.  We moved to a new city together and we were supposed to move into a new apartment on the 1st of this year.  She called me and told me she was giving up that I was never going to choose her over alcohol and she wanted to move into the new place on her own.  I won't go into the whole story but I moved into a new apartment on my own the first of this month (year) and I just knew it had to be time.  It was too late anyway but whether it was for her or for me I knew I had to stop it couldn't be an option for me anymore.  However hard it would be I would just have to feel it and suffer through.  And that's what I've been doing.  I lay awake at night knowing that she's probably out with another guy right now maybe on a date maybe they're being physically intimate right now.  That's a pain that's hard to describe and I hate that you have to feel it too but just know that I'm there with you sharing in that pain.  We don't deserve this it's not something we chose and very few people will understand what it's like for people like us.  It's insane to go through this without using alcohol to numb the pain which is what most people are able to do.  But we're doing something much harder and I think it will make us much stronger than them in the end.  I don't know if this helps you or not but I just wanted to let you know that you're not alone in what you're feeling and even though I wish it weren't happening it comforts me to know that I'm not the only one going through this.  You're doing the best thing you can possibly do right now so I hope you can be proud of that not many people are as strong as you.  Much love man.
You are worthy of love and happiness too. All the best. 
