-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahz4r3/this_time_last_year/

I was really struggling. Trying so hard to somehow improve my health and my relationship and my life *and* keep alcohol part of it. I remember mid-January BF and I planned a day in the Twin Cities to get out of the house. It's too cold this time of year to do anything outdoorsy if you aren't into ice fishing and there's nothing indoors to do in this neck of the woods. So we made a day trip of going to the Minnesota Science Museum. I was trying not to carry around pints/minis/etc by then (moderation amiright?) and I was withdrawing so hard by the time we got into St. Paul and no bars were open yet nor liquor stores. My blood pressure was so through the roof that I couldn't enjoy the museum or the IMAX movie we saw that morning. We hit a restaurant that had craft beers afterward and I fucking drank for my life. ..All the following week I kept thinking about what a lovely film we had seen and how miserable I was through the whole thing feeling like I might have a heart attack or stroke any moment. I didn't have any big epiphanies but I know that day was one of the occasions that helped it finally sink in that I just could not drink **AND** be happy and healthy. ..I can have booze or I can have all the other good things in life. Not both. This time last year I absolutely could not imagine having a happy life that was 100% alcohol free. It was such agony thinking of giving up my sweet evil dirty beloved habit. AGONY people. ..But here I am. Healthy and vibrant and happy and at peace. I've come such a long way. I will be planning another trip to the MN Science Museum soon. ..Thank you all for not drinking with me.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol or all the other good things in life I completely agree. There is no middle ground in my life as well.
Congratulations on your accomplishment!..&gt; I can have booze or I can have all the other good things in life. Not both...I hear ya. I don't know when I crossed the threshold of hangovers feeling like a heart attack or seizure was right around the corner but it was a horrible feeling. There were some meetings I would be in on Monday morning and my brain felt like it was on the verge of being completely scrambled. Trying to look someone in the eyes and not feel like I was going into melt down was almost impossible. I don't know if that feeling was a precursor to a seizure or what but it was NOT pleasant. Same for the tightness in my chest. Only after a few days of not drinking these feelings have completely gone away and I never want them to return. ..Update us on the science museum when you go! I will not drinking with you today.
Great post!..Welcome to day 363 girl! :)
&gt;I can have booze or I can have all the other good things in life. Not both...&amp;#x200B;..This hit home so hard for me! It's a wonderful feeling to get to finally stop trying to fit "alcohol" and "healthy &amp; happy" into one lifestyle. Congrats! ..&amp;#x200B;
Thanks for sharing your insights...agree with you completely. Enjoy your trip back to the museum! 
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 So very glad you're with us here :) 
well done belindathegreat! happy days ahead! 
