-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ai3crz/im_miserable/

Day 5 here I want to drink so bad I'm so irritable and I can't help but think a few shots will level me out! I'm getting pissing at my kids and I just want a drink! This blows! ..The last few nights I've been really struggling not to drink! I keep telling myself a few drinks before bed will be fine I walk away and finally go to bed I wake up the next morning satisfied that I didn't drink but then by 4 or 5 pm again I just wanna slam a half bottle of bourbon! WTH is wrong with me! Will I ever be a level headed calm dad without booze! ..Sorry for the rant and run on sentences but I feel so hopeless ..Sincerely ..Just trying to find some peace 
----------immediate responses--------

No need to apologize.  Man I completely feel you.  The first 8 days after my last drink were a f\*ckin' rollercoaster of emotions.  Like you said I'd be satisfied in the morning when I didn't drink the night before but when the afternoon rolled around-forget about it.  Frustration was at an all time high.  Anger depression anxiety helplessness etc all hitting me within the span of a few hours.  It was exhausting.  Was hard for me to be patient with my daughter and SO too.  There were a couple of days I just had to go be by myself for the evening and try and get my mind sorted.  ..&amp;#x200B;..After 2 weeks this definitely subsided and the urges aren't nearly as intense as those first 8 days.  But my god I thought it was gonna be the end of me.  Working on my fourth week now and I feel a lot more stable.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Hang in there things will start to feel normal again.  You can certainly be a level headed calm dad without the booze.  
I made an appointment with the VA finally. It's about 3 weeks out but I finally broke down and realized I need help with why I drink. They kept asking me during the intake about if I drink. All I was say is yes then they ask how much and all I could say was enough to handle the situation. I don't think I can stop fully drinking until I get what happened to me out of my head and into someone else's ears 
Hang in there! It is hard now but it gets easier I promise. You are doing great!
