-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ai7n15/dry_january_has_been_amazing/

Hi r/stopdrinking..This will be a short post but I am just happy at noticing how my life is better when I don't drink...I am someone who often struggles w/stopping drinking after I have had a single drink. I would tell myself I was only going to have one beer or one glass of wine but would inevitably end up drinking until passing out alone in my room late at night. I was sick of doing that and decided that I would take part in dry January as many others do...I haven't had a drop of alcohol since January 1st of this year and my life has become noticeably better since. I want to thank you the SD community for all the positive stories related to finally quitting alcohol. I hope to keep my dry January going into February March April ......IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT!..&amp;#x200B;
That's amazing! Am so glad you're feeling the benefits it only gets better :) IWNDWYT
Well done you!!!
Way to go!  I too find it so much easier to have none than to have one. IWNDWYT! We got this.
Nice one. Read This Naked Mind - you won't go back.
Let's sober on friend. IWNDWYT  
Similar to my own revelation. IWNDWYT 
I also had a serious problem with finding my "off" switch when drinking let alone actually using it...I too stopped drinking on 1st January (2017) - and have felt no desire to start again in the last 749 days.  My life is just so much better without alcohol being a part of it...Stay strong!!
I found to good kept building for me one day at a time.  Congratulations! IWNDWYT 
Good for you. I hopped on board with you last week. Sorry to be a little late to the party. Honestly took a little spill.
I was scared at first to commit to a life of sobriety so I decided to not drink for a six week weight loss challenge.  I didn't win the weight loss challenge but I got a much bigger prize in the realization that I needed to continue my life without alcohol.  It will be 1 year for me soon and I feel great.  Some days have been easier than others but I try to remember how crappy I felt when I drank.  Not going back.  IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
