-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aigvb1/for_those_agnosticsatheists_working_a_12_step/

In October 2017 I decided to get sober and checked myself into rehab for a month. After I left I found a sponsor regularly attended meetings and started to work the 12 steps. At the beginning I was very serious about my recovery and making the necessary changes to live my best life possible however about 4 months in I found that I was having a really hard time opening up to my sponsor and fitting in with others at AA. I have a very bad social anxiety problem and it was exasperated by being sober. Not only that I was finding it very hard to surrender to  a power greater than myself  being that I have been agnostic for my entire teenage and young adult life. So basically being the anxious person I am instead of seeking help with these issues from my sponsor and people in my practically nonexistent support group I had created for myself I slowly started to fall off. I quit speaking to my sponsor and I stopped going to meetings and working on my steps altogether. I figured that if I had made it so many months sober I could continue to do on my own   which I did for a couple more months. Then I relapsed and spent the entire summer of 2018 drinking once again and progressively getting worse. ..Almost 2 months ago now I decided that I needed to stop before I found myself at a worse rock bottom than before. I have been sober 58 days. I have not been attending AA I have no sponsor and I am not working the program. I want to. I know deep inside of me that I cannot do it on my own although I have until this point but realistically speaking I am aware a life of recovery and sobriety is a lot more than just not picking up the drink. So I've began reading my big book again I am planning to attend a few meetings a week and look for a new sponsor. Until I find one I am doing what I can on my own as far as working the steps go and once again I find myself struggling with what my higher power is. ..To anyone willing to share their experience with finding their higher power I ask that you leave some works of advice/encouragement for me so that I can begin to grasp a concept of my own. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Not dying 
well you've got me beat as far as days sober congratulations on 58 days. I'm not in a 12 step program and I don't necessarily believe in a higher power such as god but I have found Buddhism. I highly suggest checking it out. The core of Buddhism is that attachment and desire are the root cause of suffering and removing the attachments/desires is the solution to end suffering. alcoholism is just a strong example of this.
Higher powers might be:..* Beauty/good in the world - music nature your own life the patterns of raindrops running down your window. Being sober grants you the opportunity to experience so much in life. We're tiny parts of a huge universe and in that universe you can find things that will amaze you and resonate with you..* Humanity - I sometimes say that I don't believe in the power of God but I believe in the power of the belief in God. Humans when inspired to do something (by religious/financial/cultural/whatever means) can achieve great things. Couldn't your sobriety be one of them?.* Pre-destination - it isn't your fate to succumb to drink.* Fear - of dying failure something awful happening.* Strictly speaking agnosticism doesn't mean that you don't believe in good. You can be an agnostic theist or an agnostic atheist. Agnosticism means that - if God exists - we wouldn't be able to comprehend God's true nature. Maybe you believe something created the Big Bang but it isn't some bearded dude floating on a cloud. That spark of creation could be your higher power..* This one sounds a bit arsey but I'm in a position to massively help lots of people's lives if I stay sober. The potential for good deeds that I can bring into the world could act as my higher power my drive to stay sober and away from alcohol...I'm not sure how AA groups work where you are but the ones that I've been to in the UK really don't focus on a higher power. In fact most people have said that they were initially put off AA because they thought it'd be full of Bible-spouting believers. Turns out that this isn't the case! Quite a few people have said to me that their higher power *is* AA - it's the meetings they have the strength and resolve they receive when the other members support them and share their own stories the fraternity that's created between people more similar than they might realise. Have you considered visiting a different AA group? It might have a completely different spin on things.
Community fellowship AA itself. AA just added "The God Word" to its website. It shares the stories of atheists and agnostics who are part of the AA fellowship and how they've managed to define their higher power. ..My higher power is love. Sounds hippy dippy I know but so far that's been enough. I too was one who thought I had to touch a Bible to be fully invested in AA and I was so relieved to find that's not the case at all.
Nothing. Nothingness. Void. Vacuum. Does not exist. Not applicable. Absence. Emptiness. 
