-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aihm1w/struggling/

I'm on day 3. I live with my ex. We broke 2 months after I left everything i know and we moved in together away from the city I had lived in for 14 years. She has her own struggles with mental health and combined with my drinking I lost my laid back nature. .The thing is everything is a mess and I decided to stop drinking because it made me angry every night. More so than I would have normally been. .The thing is i just want things to go back to normal but I know that wasn't healthy but it was comfortable. .I'm trying to sort out how to manage all these plans I had for our future that aren't going to happen anymore. .Everything is a mess and I just feel like if it isn't going to get better I should just forget this and go back to my number state. .I'm so agitated tonight. Her being constantly in her phone reminds me that I'm just here as a filler and not that person she wants to talk to. .It's making me feel insane. Last night I wasn't as agitated as this. .
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there friend. My anxiety got noticeably worse and then leaps and bounds better. I'm sorry to hear about your situation. I will be thinking about you and I really hope everything gets better soon. ..I will not drink with you today friend 
Day 12. My situation sounds kinda similar not exactly but kinda. I got married in August &amp; he moved in w/me. He def had some mental issues &amp; I kicked him out for calling me a lazy bitch about 30 times one night &amp; saying that I wasn't the woman he married. Yes he was drunk. I kept trying to hand him a piece of paper where I'd detailed that I planned on quitting drinking in part so I wouldn't lose my husband. He took it 3 times &amp; just sat it down &amp; never read it.. Don't care if I was a lazy bitch or not nobody is gonna call me that so I kicked him out for the night. Welp he stayed gone. Been gone for over two weeks now-moved all his stuff out &amp; told me he wanted a divorce on New Year's Day. Classic. Said I could still come over we can be friends er NO. Told him if he couldn't invest more than 4 months in our marriage we were most def not going to be friends. He got extremely pissed said I couldn't do stuff on my own &amp; Id see. Um hm... I was the only one with a full time professional job &amp; he stopped working altogether Nov &amp; Dec. I don't think he was accustomed to being with a  strong independent woman -I had lived by myself &amp; supported myself just fine for 3 years. He didn't drive (too many DUI's in the past) I worked took him everywhere ran every errand for us both. All he had to do was cook &amp; clean which he liked to do OCD style &amp; bring home maybe $300/month. He'd promised to make enough to pay all the rent but that ceased Nov-Dec. So now he isn't speaking to me. I'm really glad he's gone (surprised me!) but I also miss him &amp; think I could have been a better wife. I was just so stressed trying to meet all our needs that I drank to oblivion every night &amp; basically abandoned him. Just kinda checked out other than all the other stuff I was doing for us. He just wanted me to do everything his way had zero appreciation for all the mad running around I was doing abused my dog verbally abused me... all the time really-very subtly but I got the memo &amp; it said  I don't like you  or accused me of  you like someone else . I remember my third night of withdrawals thinking I wished he were here in case I'm not okay. Then I thought no I could def not do this w/him here. Just want you to know that you're not alone. It's terrible but you can do this! We both can. I'm pulling for you &amp; so is everyone here. {{{ Big Hugs  }}}!!! 
Sorry to hear what you're going through!..Day 3-4ish tend to be rough because detox is in full swing by that point and that's when any physical withdrawal symptoms can peak.... ..Feeling unusually agitated and unable to settle is fairly 'normal' unfortunately and it's worth speaking to a doctor if it takes a significant turn for the worse... there are medications that can make things safer and easier.....Try to be kind to yourself today and relax as best you can and don't worry about making any big decisions for the time being until you're over the hump of the detox period and have your head on straight.....Hang in there and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
My first few days was crazy. I got mad as hell but also sobbed like a little boy. Keep going and try not to think of the past or the future. Try and be in the now. It's helped me and I hope it helps you. IWNDWYT.
Hey just wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten about ya! I will reply more when I have time. 
Heya! On day 14 now &amp; I feel great. I'm thinking much more clearly about everything now. He hasn't called but if he does I hope he does wait a while. I think I look &amp; feel different everyday that goes by anyway so that suits me. If he does call &amp; want to try again I don't know if I will give him the chance or not. Probably won't know until I talk to him either &amp; I'm not really too worried about it-that's weird bc I drank to get away from stress &amp; it caused me more..  I'm sticking to a better work schedule doing things that need to be done at home &amp; for me again w/ the eating. I've been shopping for &amp; consuming healthy foods I haven't ate enough of in forever &amp; endlessly cleaning doing laundry sweep mop no dirty dishes in my sink -all the things that I never seemed to see when I drank every minute I wasn't at work. I'm am thinking of going clothes shopping &amp; easing into other fun hobbies more. Thankfully work is very rewarding to me &amp; I can stay as long as I like w/no lip from anyone. Worked 9-7 today took food ate food (that's new) &amp; I think my boss sees that I'm back to my old pre-relationship self and then some. Somehow in my 46 year old life every time I have been knocked down really hard (and I do mean ridiculously hard) I always get up stronger. I'm fortunate it worked out that way but I guess it takes a problem longer to beat me over the head with itself until I do something about it than most. It's always been that way with me &amp; then one day I just wake up &amp; say Nope. I'm done with that. And it always feels crazy good. I hope you are doing well!!! I will not drink with you I will not drink alone nor with with anyone else today! 
