-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aitibf/filling_the_void_without_drugs_and_alcohol/

Really this is meant for those of you out there who maybe felt the same way I did. I'm pretty sure a big reason I drank and did drugs was fill the void in my heart caused by being so lonely for the past several years. Ive always struggled bad with social anxiety so I chose to self medicate with anything I could get my hands on during the day and wash it all down with way too much alcohol in the nights. And sure they made me feel better in the moment but at the same time it made me miss out on so much in life. Really I got sober for myself because I was sick and tired of feeling like shit physically and mentally. I replaced it with working out and hiking almost religiously and that's really helped me maintain a positive mental attitude and helped me be less socially anxious. I went from being a nearly underweight tweaker drug addict to having a decent amount of muscle and I'm proud of the progress Ive made...I got sober on 8/03 started working out then and been sober since despite a few small stumbles.https://i.imgur.com/sxJVMzT.jpg..Really I wasn't expecting my relationships to change as much as they have and that's whats surprised me the most. For the first time in several years I feel like I actually have friends and I love them and I feel loved by them. Around 3 weeks ago I got basically approached by a beautiful girl who asked me out and we've been dating since then shes wonderful and accepts me for who I am. This is huge for me because Ive never even been in a relationship and I'm 24 years old. This never would have happened back in the days where I was fucked up on drugs making a complete ass of myself and just being an all around downer. Being sober I'm so much more positive and without filling the void with various poisons my heart has opened up and I'm able to love and feel love once again. Things just keep getting better and I'm so grateful!..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

So awesome thanks for the post! Taking some motivation from you! 
Awesome
Wow I'm so happy for you. Your post brought tears to my eyes.
Wow!  You look great.  Major win!  IWNDWYT
Damn..I am impressed bro and jealous lol
