-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aj30tx/relapse_and_repercussions/

Four nights ago I threw close to seven months away for a bottle of wine to relieve the anger that came from a fight with my boss. ..I guess I don't like the phrase 'threw away' - those seven months still happened. Maybe 'shit on' works better. I took a big fucking shit on seven months of work. ..I quit my job and spent money I don't have on a bus ticket to my family. Even in a drunken rage I knew I was fucking up badly and that I needed my mom and my sisters. The only foresight I had in the entire ordeal that has been the last four days. ..I thought as I downed the first mug of wine in under five minutes that the worst repercussion that could come from relapsing would be an embarrassing hangover in the morning. Instead I proceeded to get as drunk as I could as fast as I could and annihilate every last pillar of my stability. My only source of income. Verbally slapping the only other person who cares about my sobriety in the face. ..Maybe if it were the first time I got drunk and did something drastic there'd be room for apologizing. It isn't. Having seven months of being somewhat stable doesn't excuse this explosive melodramatic childish behavior. I'm twenty seven years old and throwing drunken tantrums. Who in their right mind would want to deal with me?..I'd really like to say that I got drunk and made bad decisions. It's not the case. I made decisions to be a dramatic asshole and got drunk so that there'd be an excuse for them. I've spent ten years not taking accountability for my actions because I had alcoholism to blame everything on. In sobriety I lost that excuse. I wanted to make a scene and I wanted my tried and true excuse for it. ..Relapse is not pretty. I relapsed before I drank. I stopped wanting to deal with life. I stopped feeling like it was possible to function without a drink. I stopped caring about my stability. The drinking happened because I'd given up long before I decided to buy that bottle. ..Moving on from here seems impossible but I know that it isn't. I interviewed for a new job today; it seems likely that they'll make an offer. I have a freelance job to fall back on. I haven't made a bad impression with this landlord yet - I've been sober and able to pay rent for the entirety of my lease so far so if I fall behind because of the gap in paychecks I'll probably be fine. ..It's just... it's all so unnecessary. None of this had to happen. None of this is what I wanted. I loved my job. The problems that caused all of this weren't anywhere close to being big enough to walk away from it. And my boss doesn't deserve this. He didn't deserve what I said to him. He doesn't deserve to be short staffed and entirely fucked over because he trusted me and I let him down...But this is what it is. This is dealing with the fallout of being an explosive unstable alcoholic. ..I will not drink with you today. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today!
Supporting you! 
Huge huge hugs for you if you want them. You didn't throw away that was 7 months of sobriety you had a really fucking bad time. I think it's helpful for me to recognize I can be sober for a really long time and when shit gets this bad I need extra support. And the only way we know that is through experience..What you are describing resemble so many of my experiences. So I have so much empathy for you. I'm not giving you advice because that's not my place but I found it helpful to learn from these terribly painful experiences and gain supports to prevent them in the future...Recovery is not as linear as I wish it was. I've had years of sobriety and then fucked up a few times. Not to say that this is what is the norm or what we should be doing but I get it...You're feeling explosive and unstable and I get those feelings 100%. What I've learned is that alcohol makes these feelings so much worse...I am so glad that you posted and shared and hope you continue to do so...Being Sober isn't easy. And we do fuckedupshit when we're alcoholics. But there is always hope. Hope for sobriety and emotional Wellness.
Huge hug. You've came so far like you said those 7 months are huge. Thanks for sharing your experience. I've been finding myself thinking maybe just this once when I'm angry or  I deserve it  and I can see myself doing the exact same thing. Lot of love. Back on the horse. I will not drink with you today 
I just wanted to say that the good news is that you have obviously done alot of thinking and reflection.  You can use this event and what you have learned to make more positive decisions in the future.  You are obviously growing and learning as you go as are the rest of us.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.  
