-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aj520q/a_new_record/

Today is my 155th day in a row without alcohol! I'm so proud of myself because for quite a while I was heavily dependent on "The Sauce" as I liked to call it. It has been quite an interesting journey since I quit drinking; my wife shortly after I stopped decided to stop drinking alcohol as well and our marriage has gotten so much better since. The mornings are so much easier to handle especially since my new job requires me to get up at 3:30am several days a week and without hangovers I feel more efficient in my day to day functioning and life which is a huge plus...I've noticed some pretty interesting changes since I stopped drinking mainly my mind being more clear and feeling more like myself. One of the more surprising things I've noticed in myself is that I've been becoming more optimistic since I've never been much of an optimist. The time I've gained since I quit drinking I've invested back into my hobbies of music video games and my puppy and it's been such a relief to feel the connection to those aspects of my life...So far the only "disappointment" since I quit drinking has been the fact that I haven't lost any weight but that is easily fixed by simply eating better and working out and that's the next big step in my life as my physical health is critical to my job....I never realized how emotionally mentally and physically draining consuming alcohol was for me and now that I'm living my life without it again I'm not missing it as much as I thought I would. But I would be remiss to say that I don't miss a single thing about it because I do- I miss the taste of a good bourbon. But if it comes at the cost of my new found sobriety and cognitive functioning I'll take a hard pass at that....For anyone out there struggling or feeling like you can't do it please know that you're not alone; this place has been my strength when I thought I couldn't last another minute longer and it has been my solace when I reflect on how much of a fool I have acted in the past due to my irresponsible alcohol consumption. If I can do it then I know you can too. You may not be able to change the past but you have control over your future..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your words! Happy 155th day! 
Well done and well put. I pretty much agree with you on everything. Havent lost any weight either but Im slowly working on it Im just glad Ive managed to live without alcohol. Im feeling a lot better and its still going up. Sure I have up and downs but the ups get higher and the downs dont get as low. 
&gt;But if it comes at the cost of my new found sobriety and cognitive functioning I'll take a hard pass at that. ..Well said. There are times that I miss certain beers and then I remember what the beer will cost me and realize it's just an old conditioning that I must ignore. I've tried so many new NA drinks since I quit alcohol and they are mostly delicious. I love sparkling water mango tea strawberry tea etc. I never realized how many beverages and new experiences I was passing up by always choosing "the sauce"...&amp;#x200B;..155 days is awesome!! I hope to get there one day at a time. Congrats and IWNDWYT.
