-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajev4h/day_3_here_relapsed_at_a_christmas_party_after_38/

I had been doing really well prior to a friends Christmas Party. I knew it was coming up and I knew there would be alcohol... That little voice got to me and persuaded me to just have one beer... Maybe two. Then 3-4-5 later a couple shots and mixed drinks and I don't fully remember the night...Anyway I haven't been sober for more than a few days since. Some good days mostly drunk days...I don't know how to keep this post coherent so stay with me please... 3 days ago I got pretty drunk and was having dangerous thoughts. I tried to reach out to friends but no-one answered for a long time (or I was to drunk to remember that they did.) ..This is hard to type... I tried to take my life. I eventually got ahold of someone to talk to a friend helped calm me down. I was hysterical. I was apologizing for putting them in the position of having to save me from myself. ..I tried the Suicide Hotline and the wait is ridiculous. The first person I got was the most impersonal script reading robot... Made me feel worse. The second connection I got on the hotline was empathetic but I guess he assessed that I wasn't currently at a high enough risk of  actually going to do it.  And took another call... I hope I never have to call the hotline again...I'm struggling today. I can feel a bunch of mixed emotions in my body physically but my brain is to exhausted to process the feelings consciously. My chest is tight like anxiety. My head is hot and flush like I'm angry. I'm hot and cold from minute to minute...When I went 38 days before this community really helped me get through the first 3-8 days which were the worst for me (isn't it usually for alcohol?) ..I don't know what the point of this post is or if I'm trying to ask for something... I'm just here for support. ..Hello r/StopDrinking IWNDWYT. ..I'll take any advice or support I can get. I lead a pretty lonely life otherwise. ..
----------immediate responses--------

When I stopped drinking I left a bunch if friends behind not really on purpose either they just didn't want to hang out and get drunk with a sober person there - I understand the reasoning. ..I've focused on improving myself day to day and the biggest boost came from just getting myself out of my comfort zone.  I have been going into public to get acclimated to being in public sober literally teaching myself how to be a person again lol.  ..I'd recommend picking up a few hobbies to consume time but also make you happy and then making a schedule so you know what you'll be doing all the time.  From there the pieces of the puzzle will click together.  iwndwyt. 
I have found reading books about alcoholism depression and anxiety are helping me in the evenings (which is when I get the most triggers). I also spend a lot of time on here. I try to comment on several posts each day which in turn helps me to not feel so lonely. There is also a chat option on here for a more immediate response from people here. I am working on using different resources on various sites to help me deal with my feelings. We are here for you! any time...night or day....IWNDWYT 
[removed]
I have been trying to read more. I'm currently reading Siddhartha  the art of not giving a fuck is a good one too. 
Hang in there.  You owe it to yourself and you deserve happiness.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I would also suggest a group recovery program.  I have heard good things about smart recovery I am going to attend one of their meetings soon.  I have been going to AA.  I know it gets a bad rap and I was scared as hell to go.  What I found was a great group of people whom are non judgmental and accepting with only one goal and that is the desire to stop drinking.  I haven't got a sponsor yet or started steps but have found just being there listening and sharing if I wish to be very helpful and I leave feeling more positive.  I don't believe in god but I don't let deter me from going.  Hell who knows if I can stop the hell of alcohol maybe there is one.  I was pretty much open to believe in anything that could make me stop 13 days ago.  Desperate times calls for desperate measures.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I also check in here daily and it is also great.  I have not felt this positive and great in such a long time.  It certainly has been an interesting and painful 12 days but has been so worth it.  I have tried so many times to stop but had always went back.  This time I truly believe I can make it and will not get drug back down.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today
