-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajokl5/i_relapsed_after_599_days/

I knew I had to stop. I was drinking uncontrollably every single night. Every dinner out every meeting with friends every party was only an excuse to drink. And after I got home I'd open a few more and go until I passed out. I felt my life circling the drain. I had a rotation of where I'd buy my alcohol. The liquor store one night then the convenience store by my work the next then the grocery store across the highway then the shop outside of town. I didn't want them to know I had a problem...&amp;#x200B;..But I cut myself off just before my birthday. I managed to stick to it. I built a stable of resources - books podcasts coping strategies. I learned to mix non-alcoholic cocktails. I started running and meditating. I fell in love. And the feeling of sobriety was so much better than the misery of drinking I knew I could never go back...&amp;#x200B;..A year and a half later I was living in a new country working at a new job with an entirely different group of friends. I felt like a completely different person and I began to think maybe I was cured? Maybe it was just the circumstances that led to my drinking. Maybe with my new partner the new structure to my life things would be different. Things would be normal. I decided I would drink at a big party 599 days after I first stopped to see if things were any different. I told myself that if things got really bad really quickly it'd be that much easier to give it up again...&amp;#x200B;..I can't believe how wrong I was. There wasn't enough alcohol at that party - I wasn't ready to start buying it myself yet so I relied on the few shared bottles brought for almost a hundred people. I didn't get drunk and the overwhelming feeling I had after the party was - emptiness. My desire for alcohol hadn't been sated. It didn't even really count as drinking! I guess I'd have to try again at another party and bring my own alcohol this time. THEN I'll know if I've really still have a problem...&amp;#x200B;..Of course hindsight is 20/20. I look back at the way I felt after that party and I know that I was still deep in my addiction. But I didn't know it then and I kept drinking. A little bit at a time a few beers here and there a party once a week then twice a week then some wine with dinner then movie nights alone with a bottle of vodka. My partner went out of town for nearly a month and I spent that month trashed. It's incredible how quickly I fell back into my bad habits the exact same ones that had nearly killed me before...&amp;#x200B;..Thankfully when my partner returned I told them everything. We happened to be moving again another new country and another new job and this time I left the alcohol out of my life. I kept reading and studying addiction and alcoholism and today I am 600 days sober after that relapse a lifetime record. Sobriety is the greatest gift I have ever given myself. It would be impossible to live the life I have now without it and I'm so thankful. I hope that everyone here knows that there are no depths so low that you can't pull yourself out of them and no matter how many times you falter it's worth the time and energy to keep picking yourself up again. So very worth it...&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you thank you thank you for your experience. Reminds me to stay humble and not think ' only one drink' . You're an inspiration and I will not drink with you today
thanks! I needed that. IWNDWYT
Congratulations on that Fantastic 600 !
Thanks for sharing. Your post gives me hope. Congratulations on 600 days. IWNDWYT
 It's incredible how quickly I fell into my bad habits  this resonates so much. Thank you
I say that I didn't know what I was up against last time I quit and now I see that I still don't- but I can keep reading keep learning. So pleased to go to bed tonight with this in my mind sober at home in my own body. Thank you for sharing this.
Amazing story.  I can completely follow that line of thinking that brought you to relapse.  Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for the reminder I basically did the same thing and ended up in an 8 year relapse.   I can never never ever drink...IWNDWYT
Holy shit. You made it too 599 twice ! Tearing up ..... 
Congratulations on 600 days . I'm almost half way there after 40 years of drinking hell. I'm old but sober with the help of Reddit support groups and Smart Recovery . It's never to late to discover sanity . Thanks everyone 
Thank you for sharing. Alcohol is not only powerful and baffling; it is also infinitely patient 
That sounds alot like my storey except I was 10 years dry then 10 years of drinking.Lured back in by the moderation temptationjust on special occasionsjust on holidaysjust on weekends.......It's why this time it was important for me to view it as quitting for life.I simply can't drink.Congrats on 600 days! IWNDWYT 
For those of us with some time under our belts this is a reality that needs reminding. Thank you for my reminder. ..I will not drink with you today!
how many days between relapse and recovery? thanks. Could have been me i have 1204 days.
What a ride.  Thank you for sharing with us.  I will not drink with you today.
This is amazing! Congratulations to you on your achievement and willingness to pick yourself up. I am currently on Day 2 of my recovery after going back to the bottle. Its stories like these that give me hope and keep me going. Thank you! 
Congrats on 600 days! 
Thanks for sharing a sobering reminder.
Wow!  600 days after a 599 day record!  That is amazing way to go.  Thank you for posting...You deserve sobriety.
Thank you for sharing 
Congratulations on reaching this point again and having the wisdom and courage to take a different path. You are an inspiration!
This scares me because I've been having those creeping thoughts recently 
Thank you for sharing this and congratulations on pulling yourself out (twice!).
Thank for writing this and reminding us why we shouldn't pick up again. ..Your story is a great example of how MY alcoholic mind works. A few years ago after a short 60 period of sobriety I thought I had control over my drinking and would be able to moderate. Boy was I wrong. My drinking was eventually worse than before. Every night after I took the first drink I'd promise myself  I'll quit tomorrow   and with that thought in mind I would drink everything alcoholic  in the house getting blackout drunk because I KNEW I had to stop the next day. Well the next day the same thing would happen again. It took me a year and a half and a bad fall that landed me in the ER before I could finally stop drinking. It was a nightmare. ..IWNDWYT!
I've twice relapsed with over 500 days and reading this really helps me to believe its possible to get it again. Thank you for sharing it. IWNDWYT   
You are AWESOME! Congratulations on your new record!
My record in the real world is like 5 days. Its pathetic. I want this shit to be lifted from me so bad because I know I'm killing myself but I can't even get a week under my belt. I fucking miss rehab. I miss being sober for two months and not even thinking about alcohol. Miss being fit and good looking. Where do you get your strength? I can't seem to conjure it from nothing.
Thanks so much for sharing this. It's such good reinforcement that I'm doing the right thing by burning the ships in regards to my drinking.
This story fits me to a "T"  I did the exact same things.  I even had around 950 days sober.  Then relapsed with the same mindset as you.  Then the same tests and eventually the same outcome.  I even had my partner go away for awhile where I really put the pedal to the floor and drank every moment I could...&amp;#x200B;..But now we know.  This is going to be a life long issue for us.  It doesn't just magically cure itself.  It will always be there in the background.  Stay strong...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT.
Brilliant post.  Loved reading it!  Thanks for sharing!
Classic Post. What an inspiring story and so awesome the way you got back on that horse and rode it hard. 
Wow did I need *this* today.  Thank you for taking the time to share this...it is very hard hitting for me.
I also relapsed around 600 days and it took me 6 months to get back on the horse. Now I'm slowly carving my way back...When I first read this post I thought you were awaiting a badge reset but I'm so stoked to see you've actually made it back already! Way to go. IWNDWYT
While my drinking never led to getting trashed at that level regularly I suspect that if I picked up again I would lead a life of quiet misery and die early.  So thank you for the reminder that I actually want a good life and alcohol has no place in it.  Congratulations on your new 600!!
IWNDWYT
I love reading these personal stories. I've been sober for 72 days. Of course the thoughts of "Maybe I can drink normally after a while" creep up from time to time. Stories like this keep me strong. Thank you for sharing. 
Thank you for sharing! 
Thank you for sharing and congratulations! My record is six months before relapse and for a long time I felt so hopeless "starting over." It's really inspiring to see someone relapse and then beat their record.
I appreciate your posts. There have been days recently that I feel the urge to drink and your story really helps me to"play it forward" as they say. Thank you. 
This is one of the big reasons I keep coming here. Thank you for sharing this important reminder and congratulations on your new milestone on your journey. 
 IWNDWYT awesome story 
Congrats on 600! That's huge! I made it to two years pretty much to the day before I relapsed. Was out with the boys ordered ginger ale they ordered gin and tonic. Bartender made 4 gin and tonic intead of 3 and a ginger ale. I said "Hey no biggie I'll do one and done. It's been two years. Cheers guys!" Well it was one that day. 2 next week. One a day the next week and 2 and a half years of absolute drunken nightmare. ..172 days sober today. It's great to have my life back. Still struggling with handling having emotions again and not knowing what to do with them. Got myself into a program though and I couldn't ask for a better counselor/support team. They are definitely a huge crutch. ..Sorry for rambling! Your story reminds me how important it is to get back to where I was. I feel like a guilt will be lifted off my shoulders once I get to that 2 year mark!..To anyone out there struggling or on the fence. I wish you all the luck and happiness in the world! IWNDWYT  
Thank you for this! I find it hard telling myself I can't ever drink again because everytime I have done I have relapsed. It's been going for a few years now. But everytime I relapse I get more determined that I want to stay sober...Your position is what I aspire to :) thank you!
Those are impressive numbers. Grats
Wow...First off congrats on both runs but especially this second one. Perhaps you wrote it but I'll be lazy in asking: How long was your "break" in between each 600 day streak?..&amp;#x200B;..Secondly.....your post comes at such a bizarre time as I literally was just thinking I wonder if I could just "treat" myself to one special occasion or big outing as I'll be near 600 days this summer and have some big trips/events on the calendar. For whatever reason it's becoming tempting...Ugh! 
Reading this post has me thinking: why do we always have to think we are so special? That for some reason the rules just don't apply to us? I lived that way for ten years and even though I proved through my actions over and over again that I was not special... I was just another drunk just like millions before me.... I couldn't break out of that mindset. Why do we think that way?
Thank you for this post!! I am almost at 500 and still get cravings. I've also gone through a lot of personal growth and am in an entirely different situation than I was in before I quit. Sometimes I wonder if I could try again and moderate this time. I know it's a lie I know I can't. This post is SO important for me to read and reread. Saving for moments of weakness. I also say this all the time- " Sobriety is the greatest gift I have ever given myself." Congrats on your insight and here's to many more sober days! 
Good for you!  I'm impressed with your self-evaluation and persistence. 
This just made me tear up for many reasons. A reflector to my own doubts. But also just tears of joy for you and your hard work. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back. I bet you have a whole bunch of knowledge and insight you gained in your 599 days that you can apply as you move passed this...While relapse certainly isn't necessary it isn't uncommon. I've been there. Many many times. I found it helpful to learn what I needed to learn and to add supports. Otherwise I would just rot in guilt and shame...I heard something that was really helpful can't remember where it's from but even if I'm not drinking my alcoholism is progressing. Which means I'm not just going to have a little drink or two there's no point in drinking that. My alcoholic mine wants to be obliterated...It seems that I need to learn that lesson a little bit too often. So your post helps me today figure out how I'm going to best prioritize my sobriety.
So sorry to hear that but  I would *love* to have 599 days! That would be amazing. Don't stop. Here's to another 599 days and more! 
I. Ended this today :) thank you and congrats on 600!
this made me check myself because i'm only a week in and have been telling myself that if I make it to 3 months I can maybe dip my toe back in and see if I can regulate myself. alcoholism is such a poisonous part of the mind thanks for your post.
I've got 7 days and hearing your experience is helpful. I appreciate you so much for sharing. IWNDWYT
&gt;I decided I would drink at a big party 599 days after I first stopped to see if things were any different. ..I'm glad you recognize this one. It's scary what we can talk ourselves in to believing. With people like us there is never any benefit to drinking and there is never an okay amount. Stay strong bro. You got this one! .
awesome story nice for a 587 day sobernaut who fell off to hear it... thank you ..&amp;#x200B;
rough dude
This is such an incredibly inspiring story. I've made the same mistake thinking I can just have a few again. Amazing to see where you are today. IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing this story friend. Happy for your new record!
Thanks so much for sharing. So important for me to read this kind of thing everyday. IWNDWYT 
I needed my eyeballs on this at this moment. I am a year and a month and the thought of going to a bar in this deliciously cold weather like I used to is being relentless today for some reason. And the last few days actually. Wonder what's going on. I know this feeling will pass. So I will let it. At any rate boy I'd like to sip a cold Tito's martini RIGHT NOW.  Makes me feel absolutely shitty and awful to admit that but there it is. Thanks for this post. 
&gt; I had a rotation of where I'd buy my alcohol. The liquor store one  night then the convenience store by my work the next then the grocery  store across the highway then the shop outside of town. I didn't want  them to know I had a problem. ..Yep. Did that for a long time.  And in my state also the grocery store and drug stores.  They'd never figure me out! After a while though I didn't care if they knew I had a problem.  They probably did know anyway.  I didn't even care if I had to go in at 6 in the morning to make sure I didn't run out it just didn't matter anymore.  What a waste.
Wow so powerful and uplifting. THank you for sharing
Thanks so much for sharing your experience. I had a year of sobriety then felt like I had checked that off. Plus there were some heavy family issues going on and I made the decision to drink. It didn't take long to get back into my nightly drinking routine and feeling disgusted with myself. I re-committed to sobriety Oct. 1 and sticking with it. I'm not sure if counting days is that helpful to me. I just don't drink. Period. IWNDWYT.
I used to rotate my shops too!
Thank you for sharing- I resonate with the emptiness at a party and how there's never enough alcohol even if there are bottles and bottles...just never satiated. .I've finally found some ways (AA meditation prayer online communities fellow alcoholics) who help keep me feeling somewhat full but I have to keep at it..IWNDWYT 
Congrats! 600 days is so impressive. 
It's kind of backwards that we are the most likely to fail when we finally get comfortable in our own skin...But so it is. I appreciate you sharing your story. And congratulations on your 600 days..You are doing extremely well.
I try to urge people to not feel ashamed when they relapse and especially not when they "dip their toe in the water to see how it feels."  1199 days with 1 failed experiment in the middle is really fucking impressive!  Congratulations my friend.
It really is posts like these that give me the reminder that I need to stay sober. Thank you for your insight! IWNDWYT
Wow that's great! I love that it's now 600 days!..I now realize that for me there would be no going back for  one drink  if I tried it.  I've heard people say  i know i have another drink in me but I don't know if i have another quit in me' and I can totally relate. It scares me but fortunately I don't *have* to take that first drink.
Inspiring story friend i love it and will use it to help me stay true. 
Big congratulations and thank you for sharing your story it helped me and am sure has helped many others!
It's stories like these that keep me from tangoing with the bottle again. Those thoughts of having it under control pop into my head every now and then an I remind myself I'm no better than these stories. Thank you. IWNDWYT. 
That's awesome and incredibly inspirational. As someone who has been through a number of relapses it's the moments when we decide to come back that define us and strengthen us in the future. Keep up the great work and thanks for sharing!
Welcome back!  I'm no AA Big Book fanatic but one of my favorite lines is: "The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker."  ..You are not alone many of us have thought this way and relapsed in the same exact way.  I'm just glad you got back safely.
This is incredible! Thank you for sharing. I recently had two drinks after 480+ days &amp; the only reason why I didn't keep drinking was because of my budget. I am currently 12 days without alcohol &amp; this has inspired me to keep going again. Thank you 
Nice.
Thank you for this post so much; I am a couple of years in and I love my sober life so much it's life better than I ever thought it could be when I was drinking. Yet I still find myself having those thoughts I'm better now of course I can handle just one. Deep down I know it's not true.
I've been told that drinking after having been intentionally sober is like pissing your pants when its freezing cold out. It feels good for a minute but get real bad real quick.
.
Thank you for posting this.
All we have is today. ..Once an alcoholic always an alcoholic 
Thanks for sharing the experience so that others don't have to learn the same lesson first hand.   Thanks also for getting back on track and being such a great example.
I had stopped for a month but quickly spiraled for the next few months and just a few days ago I had decided enough is enough. This encourages me. Thank you for this. I want to go back to who I was before this mess. I probably won't get my friends back but I can gain myself back. 
Thank you so much for posting this!! Such a vivid and much needed read something I really needed to hear &amp; I identify so much.
I'm almost at the 599 mark.   So this was vei interesting to me.   I always fear that feeling like I can try again to drink in a responsible way.   But I know deeply that it's the slightest of slopes and it leads only to misery pain and remorse; among hundreds of other reasons.   ..I will not drink with you today.   ..My life &amp; my sobriety are more valuable than the biggest diamond.  
Thank you for sharing! 
Not to take anything whatsoever from OP's story -- I'm very thankful they shared it -- but it's crazy just how common it is. I did basically the same thing. The voice waited in the wings for just long enough to start testing the waters maybe I'm fine I can drink a little and then only a month or so later basically back in the same old crap. I'm almost a year and a half back and am grateful to know that I'm not alone in that pattern. I feel like it's a part of my defensive tool kit. ..
I'm going through a tough time and I appreciate the reminder that it's not worth going back out. Congrats on 600 days!!! Congrats on coming back to sobriety. :)
I am lucky that I am able to read this experience you generously shared as I don't need to experiment myself with drinking to know this is exactly what would happen to me if I were to start drinking again or probably even worse...Amazing work apompousporpise thank you for sharing your story and reminding why I work so hard to stay sober x
