-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajplj5/really_nervous_today/

I have had a prolonged relapse since July and this week I finally started attending S.M.A.R.T. meetings over the last couple days. I have struggled for months to get myself to start attending again...Every single Friday's around 3pm a couple hours before I leave work I start to get very intense cravings and urges. It has been systematic for YEARS that I celebrate by drinking on Fridays after work...My plan is to attend a meeting right after work. I purposefully picked a location in the opposite direction of my normal drive home. Just driving home on a Friday is insanely triggering and I fear I would automatically find myself at a store buying a 12-pack. ..I'm working on my SMART booklet right now and I plan to take a break at work and walk around the building if urges start to pick up. ..I'm really nervous. .
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're setting yourself up well! Keep up the good work and know you're not alone. 
You have made a courageous decision and should be proud. Stay strong.
I think that's a great plan.  I had to pre-plan my Fridays too because getting home and immediately grabbing a beer was a habit so my cravings were pretty bad.  I also knew that sitting at home on a Friday night with nothing to do was a bad idea for me.  Realizing when would be tough and coming up with strategies to deal with it before I got a craving was key for me.
Hell yeah proud of you for making a plan now you just gotta work it.  A little trick that helped me I'm not a sweets person at all but to have a few full octane sodas(not diet) when the cravings got Real tough gave my body the carbs it was used to when it was used to them and really helped my jittery physical compulsion to drink.  I know that they aren't the healthiest but doesn't have to be long term you're recovery comes before all else.  Also real proud of you for getting back on the horse after a long relapse I know that shit is tough.  Especially in these early stages make a plan and work it.  Cheering for ya sober friendand I will not drink with you today!
