-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajs1up/relapser_psa/

"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.".-Teddy Roosevelt..I know that the shame of failing can lead to a bigger spiral and that toxic outside influences(ers) can keep you away from sobriety but I'm proud of you for being here.  Giving it another shot is tough for many reasons but I just wanted to say "Get your ass back in here no one here will judge cause we've all done it too.  Now come get this damn love and support helping you helps us too."..Don't hang your head cause you failed hold it high cause you got knocked down and are getting back up to give it more Hell.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this. 
Seriously gonna print this as a poster to put on my wall thanks
Such truth thank you.  I was at a meeting two nights ago and somebody shared that while they acknowledge getting through the doors into recovery takes balls it is even harder to be the person that stumbles and gets back into recovery to face the failure head on.  Best to you saving the quote!
Hell yes. Thanks for this. Day 5 after my (final?) Relapse.
I'm proud you're here too! So many invaluable gems in this post thank you for sharing it. IWNDWYT
Thank you so much for this post...I am now going to apply it to all of my corny life problems. You're terrific  
IWNDWYT
  
Damn this hits me perfect today. Thanks! IWNDWYT
Thanks for posting! IWNDWYT 
Great post! Thanks! ODB
Love this.
I really needed to read something inspiring like this. An incident at work almost made me throw away my sobriety. Thank you for posting this.
This was quoted at my college graduation and it helped me so much then. Especially when I couldn't get a job. And reading it again after struggling with alcoholism it's helping me all over again. Thank you for posting this. 
Really encouraging post.  Thank you!  ..Any major behavioral change can be challenging and rarely is accomplished suddenly or in a straight line.  I drank alcoholically for 30 years and should have wanted to and tried to stop drinking many times in those three decades.  I never considered it a relapse because I never really got started stopping drinking but it was very much the same.  ..Finally something clicked.  It still wasn't easy but finally I was able to stay stopped for a while.  Part of the solution involved the heroic struggle of getting to the point of being willing to admit the problem and committing to the solution.  ..I wish it happened faster but the struggle was a necessary part of my experience.
Legendary post. Thank you   
