-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajvj5s/i_have_been_trying_to_stop/

Warning long post. TL;DR: I've been trying to stop. Got almost blackout drunk last night and realised I shouldn't have drank at all and made myself vomit to "get rid of it all" and now I never want to drink again...I've been trying to stop drinking since about October I think. I don't think I would count as an alcoholic at this point in and I definitely haven't/don't go crazy on weekends having multi day benders. My issue has always been bingeing though and last night man was that a low point for me...I know my low point is not as low as others but I got myself to the point of vomiting and passing out on my bathroom floor for me. ..I had been sober for about a week and stuck to my rule of no drinking on school nights as I'm a teacher. At some point last year I was drinking every night though. Sometimes just one other nights a whole bottle of wine. I knew I had a problem at that stage but didn't do anything about it until October...Since then I've been able to go maximum a week sober before I drink again but each time it's a binge. Cue to last night I was literally just by myself as my partner had already gone to bed watching a trashy TV show on netflix and managed to drink a whole bottle of wine plus maybe 4 bourbons (I actually don't remember how many I had). I'm pretty lightweight when it comes to alcohol tolerance but i probably had the equivalent of 12-14 drinks...I ended up making myself vomit. To be clear I hate vomiting so it's not often I'll do that. I don't remember if I felt overly sick or not to make myself vomit but I do remember having the thought that I needed to get the alcohol out of me. I feel that I had recognised that I shouldn't have drank anything and that's what has triggered me to quit it all today...I've been putting off posting in this group because I knew I would relapse but I think today is the day I finally go sober. I haven't told any of my family for support but I think this is the first step - admitting it to strangers in writing!..I'm at 0 days but it's only up from here.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  You'll find lots of support here.  Let's do this together.  IWNDWYT.
I've been the same way. 'Vomit it out and you'll be fine' I would tell myself. But it was never that easy. Especially when I'd go right back and do it again the next time. You're definitely not alone and this place is great for support along the way. Personally I don't have much support in real life. But this community always backs each other up. Welcome and I will not drink with you today! 
I had no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own. That's why I started by getting a therapist who nudged me onto the road to recovery. After rehab outpatient treatment I got involved in AA. ..It sounds like you could use some support. 
I am glad you came. Admitting it to yourself is the first step and the biggest. Congrats. ..You got a plan on how to manage the coming days? 
