-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajzjrp/struggling_with_not_only_sobriety_but_my_own/

I'm failing at being sober but per the rules of this sub I'm posting sober. I have to say it sucks! Lots of self reflection. I only went nine days before failing. Even after my bf loosing his brother back in August here I am. Yet something I wonder is part of my drinking due to a confusion of me. With my ex I remember I cried to him out a music festival that I thought I was a lesbian and he was so upset that I stopped talking about my feelings and instead tried to reassure him I loved him. I wonder how much of my drinking/substance abuse was me being in denial and shutting down my own feelings. I'm trying to figure out so much.  I was raised southern baptist so every feeling and experience makes me feel free and confused. How do I know what I am? 
----------immediate responses--------

Well have you had a crush on someone your own gender? That would be a pretty good clue though it wouldn't necessarily mean you're strictly one or the other. Some folks can love men *and* women at the same time. I've been that way myself...As to the alcohol situation I've certainly used booze to hide things from myself or at least put things to sleep for a short while. I'd like to know more about what happens that takes you back to the bottle when you try to stop. Maybe we can help by giving you some pointers!
Drinking was my best and only coping mechanism for over a decade. At 33 I finally broke through my own initial barriers with sobriety. I tried to quit for 3 years (there was a significant amount of time before my "breakthrough" where I knew there was a problem but I thought I could come up with just the right rules) before landing here with a little more than a year of sobriety behind me. I still don't know who I am. I feel free and confused multiple times a day. I think that's called living your life. Finding myself has been like taking a jackhammer to all of the walls and defense mechanisms I'd build around my light over time. I'm still not to my core but I think that flutter that I feel when I'm practicing courage is me shining through the cracks. It's scary and vulnerable to be seen but I think we all deserve it. "Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid." - Basil King
There are things about ourselves that we should attack with a clear mind but we have to get there first and it's a long road.  I'm sure it's worth it so keep on down that road to sobriety.  You already know where the other road leads.
Life can be a marvelous journey of self-discovery learning growth and healing...However a tree does not grow in one day...To extend the tree analogy what creates the 'best' tree is a balanced approach of sun water nutrients removing of harmful additives avoidance of parasites and disease...&gt;How do I know who I am?..Take each day and be aware of that day.  To an outside observer *I am what I do*...Want to be kind?  Engage in Acts of Kindness?..Want to be loving?  Give love...Want to be at peace?  Remove contention...Want to accomplish great things?  Accomplish one small thing..."I am what I do over time".
Former Southern Baptist girl here too where every natural feeling you have is probably a sin and you need to feel guilty no matter what you've actually done. ..It has taken me YEARS of my adult life to find a normal level of self-love and confidence in who I am. I am very much a Christian but that church messed me up when I was younger. ..Be brave friend. It's hard and scary to figure out who you really are but you are beautiful. Remember to give yourself grace and patience and love. 
