-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajzufr/am_i_kidding_myself_about_my_blackouts/

First off I want to say that I in no way want to trivialise the struggles or successes that I've read about in this sub. If my thoughts/issues come across as moronic delusional or small I apologise in advance. But I think this community can help me get my head around what I'm going through. If there is somewhere better please let me know. ..I drink a lot less on average now than ever before. But the frequency with which I blackout when drinking socially has rocketed. I like drinking and can go without it but when I do drink with friends or colleagues I can't slow or stop myself before it's too late. In a blackout I'm argumentative sensitive and just weird. And of course without memories to guide my behaviour anything can happen regardless of what I really think mean or feel. ..The obvious solution is to stop drinking completely. But is that my only choice? I like a drink the taste. And I'm scared to think about cutting something so enjoyable and culturally and socially encouraged out of my life. ..Recently I've started to observe that I struggle to build deep meaningful friendships. I have friends and I like them but I wouldn't say the bonds are strong. And I'm wondering if my relationship with and actions when drinking are in anyway connected to this.  
----------immediate responses--------

We are all being sold a great lie the whole society accepts just one drug. Its highly addictive and at least 5% of users WILL become full blown addicted. Why just booze?.The best source for you right now would be the book The Naked Mind it doesn't forbid you to drink it kindly explains how the whole thing works and if you feel like stoping you stop. It's your choice..I've listened to audiobook on audible (first book is free) and it helped me a ton!..I wish you good day! F
U can try to moderate for 5-10-15-20 years? U said it urself cant slow or stop. Me neither. Im all or nothing. IWNDWYT 
When the blackouts started for me after about 15 years of drinking I just accepted thst this was what drinking did to me. It's basically brain damage. I accepted the fact that I by having alcohol in my life I was allowing myself to give myself brain damage ON PURPOSE. This is so f**ked up on every level. This is slow suicide. So although I know we are only allowed to speak from the "I" in answer to your question yes.  Alcohol is a poison. You are kidding yourself about your blackouts. Mods remove this if not appropriate. 
[quote]The obvious solution is to stop drinking completely. But is that my only choice?[/quote].That is the only choice for me nothing else works. It has taken me years of fooling myself and bargaining with myself and hurting myself (and others) to realize this. But the change has been a good one and at least now I'm at the point that I am so thankful to leave that sloppy and dangerous life behind.
How important is it to you to build deep meaningful relationships?  You can't have both the alcohol and the deep connection.  These are the really tough choices we make.  But it is your choice.
Blackouts indicate brain damage. I was a blackout drinker. After two drinks my memory was already impaired. After 6 it was gone. I got in the habit of writing notes to myself so I could remember simple conversations. Pathetic. Blackouts are serious.
I sat in the contemplative stage your are in right now for about 10 years until I realized yup I have to stop it's the only choice.
Thank you for sharing.  Check out AA SMART and prof. counseling to help grasp your situation.  Also come here for support and encouragement on your journey toward sobriety.  iwndwyt  
Well I have good news and bad news which do you want to hear first? .I could be wrong but I think black out drinking is a lot more common when you are still young and healthy because your body *just keeps going* long after most of your brain has decided to retire for the evening. As you get older you just fall asleep at some point which is not really socially acceptable either or impressive on a date but it does keep one from doing a lot of crazy stupid shit.  When you are older drinking is like being a melting snowman and you just topple over.  So the bad news is by the time you reach that pointyou are probably wrecked physically. .Just my own theory based on observation of myself and others; I don't have peer reviewed scientific studies though to back it up. 
Only you will be able to tell if it's time to quit but I will tell you my story which sounds similar...I started out as a 1-2 night a week party drinking in college and the few early years of my career. Drinking with friends classmates and colleagues was a good bonding experience at first and a welcome relief...Then came the blackouts. While the frequency of my drinking sessions remained he same the quantity during those 1-2 nights a week slowly started to ratchet up. Pretty soon this meant I was blacking (or at least greying) out 1-2 nights a week...I then entered a period of about 5 years where I drank almost daily and blacked out at least 4-5 nights a week...I spent about 18 months desperately trying to scale back and moderate my drinking. Ultimately I was successful in getting back down to only drinking 1-2 times a week and not really blacking out regularly EXCEPT when I was on vacation or at big parties and special events. I would almost drink even more than before and almost always blackout...A big Christmas season visiting family was what finally convinced me to quit. Like many here I am not quite ready to stop for good so I take it a day at a time...Just because I could choose to moderate or abstain on some nights or in some situations didn't erase the fact that when I did have big drinking nights I knew in my heart of hearts that I was drinking only to get drunk and this wasn't a healthy or normal relationship with alcohol...Maybe this will save you 10 years of further experimenting to arrive at the same conclusion I did or maybe it is just the story you needed to realize that you are actually in control in your relationship with booze and just want to cut back a bit. Regardless I wish you luck!.
At least you recognized it. The tough thing about blackouts and incidents that follow is that they don't become less frequent.
&gt;But is that my only choice?..No.  There are many gradations in between...How about having 2 drinks and stopping?.
Not trying to be a jerk here but I'm gonna say something to you that was said to me a few years ago...&gt;You have all the answers to the questions you are asking inside you because you are asking the questions you know the answers.  The answers are hard so you want to avoid them...This shit they sell us is poison.  Even the good folks who "don't have a problem" are still ingesting it.  After everything I have learned the only real answer would have been not to play in the first place...&amp;#x200B;
Wow!! Thank you for the quote Mal. That one is a keeper! I will not drink with you today  
I was a blackout drinker too. I usually only drank on the weekends and the blackouts didn't start until my late 20's. I then stopped drinking for a year but I didn't work on why I was prone to blacking our or the underlying issues that caused my addiction. I simply got through a year sober through willpower. That can only last so long. ..I spent the last 3 years trying unsuccessfully to moderate. Well not really since I never really wanted to moderate to begin with. At work events I often wouldn't drink because I knew it wouldn't be enough. On my weekends I would drink knowing a blackout was going to happen. The only question was at which point in the night my brain would shut off. That started happening earlier and earlier. ..For me it's just simply not fun anymore. I only want to drink to excess but yet I hate the way that makes me feel. Only you can make the decision on what's best for you but know that blackouts are a very serious thing and it is not a normal part of drinking. ..Enjoy your weekend. All my best on your future. 
There's the Sinclair method.  I'm not too familiar with it because it's not popular in the US.  Proponents claim that one can become a normal drinker once again...I'm not sure if the Sinclair method uses naltrexone or not.  Naltrexone blocks neurotransmitters in the brain thus reducing the feel good aspect of drinking...For me abstinence became the easiest path to deal with alcohol.  
&gt; But is that my only choice? I like a drink the taste. And I'm scared to think about cutting something so enjoyable and culturally and socially encouraged out of my life...I totally understand this.  I *love* the taste of many alcoholic drinks and the thought of having to socialize without alcohol did genuinely scare me...How about this:  Just try it for awhile.  I committed to 100 days of sobriety after which I could have a drink.  I hit the 100 days so I now permit myself to drink whenever I want and as it turns out I don't want to.  Virtually everything about my life is better now and I can see how for the last handful of years alcohol has been a harmful influence.
