-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ak3l4r/how_many_liquor_stores_do_you_have_nearby/

I live in a Midwestern town of 200k and I swear there are liquor stores every square mile.  They are a block from every AA meeting I go to!..I use to snicker at people who needed to avoid driving by them but now I know I'm one of them.  I've had too many relapses from being weak.  Sometimes I see one and it's like I'm on autopilot...I'm back on day 3.  Wish me luck and safe driving.
----------immediate responses--------

In the uk only the dry cleaners and chemist doesn't sell booze. Every other shop and all petrol stations sell it.   It is literally everywhere 24/7.
In Canada (my home!) it is only sold in government stores but there still seems to be too many of them! They are slowing relaxing the rules to sell beer and wine in grocery stores whereas in Quebec that has been the reality all along...Here in Switzerland where I currently live grocery stores are only open till 6:30 or 7:00 pm and are closed on Sundays. There are some convenience stores but theoretically they can only sell alcohol till 9 pm. There are a couple of places open later (train station airport) but I am pretty sure they are covered under the 9 pm rule as well...For me it is important to be aware when I go into a grocery store and to not be tempted - though I have to say that I did not think of it at all today. There is one grocery chain that doesn't sell alcohol period as the original owner was against it. I could always shop there but then there is a liquor store in the same little shopping centre. You can't win!
Where I live grocery stores have liquor wine and beer. I usually avoid those aisles unless I need a shortcut around slow people blocking another aisle. 
Alcohol is everywhere. We can't change that. For me the key was to change my thinking around alcohol. I learned why I drank and why my body and mind craved drink. Once I understood that things really began to change radically for me. I'm not a hippy type so I would be skeptical too. If we don't change our thoughts we are just surviving on willpower which isn't sustainable. Think about it alcohol is a liquid in a bottle and it does nothing. It's what's in our heads that drives the desire. I'm not saying it's easy but it worked for me. I read books like alcohol explained or this Naked Mind really helped me. It's worth thinking about! Iwndwyt 
Where I live there are 6 within walking distance. If I expand that to a 5 minute drive then that number increases to a couple dozen. 
I live in a small town. There is one stop light 5 liquor stores 14 bars and the whole downtown village is only 1.8 square mile (just looked that up). 
They are everywhere. There is a package store less than a minute walk from where I live. It's insane how many liquor stores there are (I'm on the east coast btw). I'm glad I can now walk or drive by them without feeling the need to stop. You got this. :)
There's about 15 (probably more) in the mile square around my flat. It's insane. I can see three from my window! Iwndwyt. 
