-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ak7vgs/loss_of_appetite_at_30_days_sober/

Hey all quick question about your experience with appetite and sobriety. Just a quick background: I've been sober for about 30 days my goal is 90 days and so far it's been going pretty well for me. I'm not trying to be sober forever just want to have a healthy relationship with alcohol again. I drank just about every day for 3 years if I had to guess I would say it averaged out to 6 beers a night sometimes less usually more. Anyway my question is regarding appetite with sobriety. One part of why I'm getting sober is because of my weight. I put on about 60lbs in a relatively short period of time due to unhealthy habits. I was always ravenously hungry when drinking...which was often not to mention the calories in the beer. I tried losing weight while drinking over the past few months and managed to shed about 15lbs but it was tough with making beer a priority. So now I've been shedding weight pretty easily. Basically effortlessly...too effortlessly. I feel like sometimes I have to struggle to eat enough in a day. I'm a male 5'9" and currently 188lbs. Sometimes I'm getting ready for bed and realize I only ate about 1200 or calories or less. I'm also eating better foods home cooked meals which means they're not super calorie dense so I would imagine that helps me feel fuller.  Plus I'm walking and working out burning calories on top of that. Is this normal? I mean I CAN eat more if I remember to but I don't WANT to eat more. This isn't like anorexia or anything I do enjoy eating I'm just not hungry. I'm kind of out of touch with what a "normal" appetite is after being so destructive for so long.
----------immediate responses--------

Eating is so hard for me now...I basically have to force myself to eat on a schedule or I wont...I understand snacking now.
Consider yourself lucky; wish I had a problem with not eating enough.  I drink a lot of sparkling water and diet Pepsi all day and eat handfuls of cheerios all day.  can't get enough. Now I do watch my meals and have lost 30 lbs. since I stopped in November.
It could just be that your body and appetite are getting back to normal but it's been so long that you're not aware of what that feels like anymore. As long as you're eating when hungry and eating until you're sated you're probably ok but maybe touch base with a doctor if you're concerned about too much weight loss. I did experience something like this... but it's more like I feel less  snacky  now than I did before. I can go several hours between meals without eating which wasn't the case before. 
I can relate. I think not drinking has caused my blood sugar and insulin levels  to even out which makes me less hungry.
