-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aku74p/why_do_i_keep_going_back/

I'miss just really confused why I keep going back to the booze. I started smoking weed to try to decrease the alcohol use - it was actually supposed to be an alternative for drinking when I tried to quit last time. But the alcohol volume just increases anyway albeit more slowly. I am in trouble at work again due to my attendance  &amp; I look like shit I feel like shit. I am terrified of the chewing out my boss will give me tomorrow. I feel pathetic and stupid. I have tried to quit so many times each time I swear this is it this will be the last time for sure. And I see the years just gliding by as I from active addiction to proclaiming my newly found commitment to sobriety. I would really like to know how you stopped serial relapsing. And what would send you back? How did you escape from the cycle?
----------immediate responses--------

For me I was just ready. Was tired of it all. I allowed myself to endure the anxiety and cravings and told myself I'm stronger than my addiction. I'm also scared that if I go back I'll drink myself to death. I suck at self control once I start. It's a mental game and I decided that I wasn't going to lose. I wish you luck. It can be difficult but obtainable. Stay strong. 
I saw that I would never win against booze. It knew my every move.  The only way for me was not to play. To give myself to the unknown. The what if I just didn't drink today. 
&gt;Why do I keep going back?..I found that the pursuit of "why" was a useless endeavor and actually a trick my mind used to distract me from the solution.  Consider that "Why" happens only in my  head.  "Why" cannot be measured touched shown to anyone else.  "Why" has no corporeal substance is not subject to the laws of physics not constrained by temporal limits.  ..Instead of "why"  my success was and is rooted in "What".  .."What" will I do right now to forgo just one little drink?.."What" actions will I take to get support?   Since "what" - "action" it does not occur in my head but occurs in my body.  "What" I do next is observable is measurable has a time element...&gt;How you stopped relapsing...I went to free recovery meetings.  I got a support network.  If I had an urge or a craving I engaged my body in 'Action'.  Including calling a support person...Tired meetings?
Hangovers got so bad made my work day hell..You can do this.
This is my third time. I've been thinking about this a bit the last few days. The first time I quit because I felt I should but my heart wasn't really into it. Afterwards my drinking increased. The second time I wanted to quit but after a few months I decided to have a few. And my drinking really increased a lot. This time I realized that it was going to kill me probably sooner than later. I'm sick of it. I have had very few cravings this last month because I am more deeply disgusted by and scared of alcohol than I have ever been before. Best wishes to you we are in this together!
