-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akunoy/need_help_with_a_major_decision/

First time ever posting. I have struggled with alcohol for a few years now.  Finally I couldn't take it and went to a outpatient rehab to detox. It went well I feel ok. Should I tell my employer about my problem and that I did seek help and am currently under treatment? Or should I keep it under wraps? I am really struggling with the decision.  
----------immediate responses--------

What do you get out of telling your employer? Other than the release of getting it off your chest I mean.
Your employer has no right to know something like that   As long as you are doing your job and showing up to work and giving proper notice for absence etc. 
I'd ask myself "what do I intend to create with the action I am considering?"..What's your response?..There is a saying you may have heard: "you can't unring a bell".
I had this exact same dilemma when I was working at my previous job.  I was beginning to miss work and show up late pretty regularly due to hangovers withdrawal etc.  People began to notice and I know for a fact there were several times where I reeked of booze at work.  However the most information I ever disclosed to my boss was when I filed for FMLA and all I told her was that I was seeking treatment for a mental/behavioral health issue.  She didn't even want to know any more.  I don't know the specific line of work you're in or your relationship with your boss but at least in my scenario there was really nothing to gain by sharing the whole story...&amp;#x200B;..P.S. in case you're wondering I ended up losing that job when I relapsed months after I left treatment.  Stay strong and when you're offered a second chance try not to make the same mistakes I did.
What would the benefits be? I personally would not just for practicality's sake.
I would never tell my employer anything that might have even a 1% chance of impacting me negatively unless it was absolutely necessary. And telling them about a drinking problem is likely to be way more than a 1% chance.
I see no reason to tell your employer unless it will make \*you\* feel happier or more content in some way or you're asking them for some kind of support. It's none of their business what you do outside of work : ).
The only thing I would mention if you're looking to potentially seek further treatment that might require some leniency on their part if that you have some health concerns that you would like to sort out and that  you would appreciate it if they could help you work through it ( flexible start options work from home alternate work arrangements etc... if your employer has them ).However this is a conversation that I would keep between myself and hr and under no circumstances would I mention that it was related to addiction. It's none of their business and frankly it can negatively impact future options if your work were to suffer. ..Mentioning that you have some health concerns that need tending to is fine but unfortunately addictions are still a bit up in the air with most employers. If there's something that they can do to help you be more productive then coming up with suitable work arrangements before your performance suffers can at the very least show them that you are committed to your position with them. ..Best of luck! 
This depends. What kind of work do you do and do you have benefits?..&amp;#x200B;..A lot of companies have programs in place that REQUIRE THEM to help you in a situation like this. ..Maybe check with HR or insurance?..&amp;#x200B;..I think you should tell your employer that you need to take personal or medical leave at the very least. ..I am sure the doctors at the treatment center will happily write you the note and will be discrete in their communication...&amp;#x200B;..Honesty is usually best in this kind of thing...If I were your boss I would rather you tell me the truth - so I could offer support than wonder why you were lying to me and missing so much work. ..&amp;#x200B;..Good on you for getting treatment...IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Thank you for all your advice and support 
