-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/al053i/getting_to_the_root_of_it_all_in_order_to_dig_it/

Hi my internet alcoholic friends. At the encouragement of some of the truly decent and wonderful folks I've met here I went to a counselor yesterday for the first time. The idea of sharing my feelings and troubles and addictions to a complete stranger seemed dreadful. That's not me. But I'm so fucking tired of relapsing and Day 1s that I knew I had to try something new. Nothing ever changes if nothing ever changes right? ..The experience was awesome. The universe paired me with a counselor who was absolutely perfect for me. She was welcoming inviting kind empathetic.  I figured she'd suck before I even met her that she'd be formulaic and unhelpful and stiff. I could not have been more wrong. ..I've been through some shit this past year including watching my (abusive neglectful awful-but-tried-his-best) dad die of dementia holding his hand and feeling his heart beat stop in his wrist. That sucked. But we men in my family don't talk about our feelings. We bury them. Deep. And for me when they surface I've historically reburied them again by pouring gallons of liquor on them and then passing out. Fuck feelings I've said.  I'm a MAN I've said. Ugh. ..It was really courageous and brave of me to go and share with her. Sounds like tooting my own horn but it's not. It's just true. I was sitting in the lobby 5 minutes before the appt absolutely aching with trepidation. Wanted to bolt to the nearest liquor store and drown out the whole thing. But I did  the next right thing  which was to follow through. ..I expressed a lot of my deepest hardest feelings and experiences. I actually cried (against my will). I cried. She cried. Just hearing someone validate my feelings is something I've never really experienced and it was very healing. I've honestly been through some shit. And that's ok. Maybe other people have been through worse but I realized that my feelings are real for me that my experiences shaped me and I need to work through it all. ..I told her I've had some trouble with drinking   lol at that understatement   and couldn't figure out how to stop. She asked me  have you ever had so much you blacked out?  I accidentally laughed at that point. In my head I'm like lady i almost always black out when I drink. Out loud I said oh yes several times. Couldn't even begin to count the amount of times I've had memory loss from the night before. Good God. ..Anyway I'm rambling but here's what I realized. ..Alcohol abuse is not my problem. Not really. It's like saying headaches are your problem when you have brain cancer. Alcohol abuse is a symptom of my problems. I'll never stop abusing alcohol long term until with professional help I face down and find mechanisms to overcome the feelings/experiences/emotions that I try fruitlessly to drown out with booze. ..I'm making another appt. ..Connection healing intimacy selflessness gratitude HUMILITY these are the opposite of addiction. ..I've been on SD trying to stop drinking since 2015. You may recognize my username from hanging around here so much and so often. But in all that time I've never piled up more than 24 days in a row. ..This is my time. ..I feel actually seriously hopeful for the first time ever. ..From a serial relapser to my relapsing friends   do yourself a favor and take a step you've never taken. I'm now seeing how futile it was for me to wake up hungover on Day 1 countless times hating myself wishing I were dead wondering why oh why I couldn't get control of this thing. ..I'm now seeing that to get control of this thing I need to give up trying to control almost anything. ..I really am powerless. ..And that in itself is powerful. ..Thx for reading. Thx for trying. Thx for being here. Thx for fighting the good fight and showing me the way. .. Jack.
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful. Thanks for sharing that. Intimacy with ourselves and others really is the key to solving so many problems. I believe your life will change drastically now. And you are such an articulate writer.
Congratulations!..Thank you for sharing this awesome post!..Finally disclosing my secrets robbed them of their power and relieved of the ever increasing weight of carrying them with me...Then I started to heal...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Dear Jack I don't have words.... ..I am so happy for you right now. I know that the journey is not yet travelled but you got the map torch hiking boots &amp; high protein bars...I send you my love and thanks for sharing this best part of your journey with us all and I look forward reading as much as you want to share in the future    ..P.s. you are a very brave man x
Someone very smart once told me  our secrets keep us sick . Bringing our secrets to light and addressing them weakens their power and breaks our cycle of illness. ..As you mentioned drinking can be a symptom of underlying sickness. ..You're making all the right moves. IWNDWYT 
I can completely relate! I feel like we do men a complete disservice in our Western culture by attaching  manliness  to suppressing emotion and drinking large. I know I have inadvertently bought into that rhetoric and it's hurt me in the long run. Shit needs to stop. Hopefully we're on the vanguard of change and we can be a voice for alternatives. 
Best of luck to you. I know you can do it.
This is awesome. 
Awesome! So happy for you that you found a great counselor.  Recovery can be yours.
Hi Jack! I can identify with a lot of this. My own abusive neglectful awful-but-tried-his-best dad died a couple of years ago. I also learned from a very young age to bottle up my feelings. (Alcohol both gave me a way to run away from my feelings and a sort of sense of catharsis after experiencing them when I was drunk and it was  safe  to do so.) ..I started therapy two years ago and it has been a huge piece of the puzzle for me. It isn't enough for me to stay sober on its own but the work that I have done in therapy has been key for me to be able to stay sober. There were definitely things that came up once I started trying to get sober that I just didn't know how to face. I didn't want to face my childhood and I probably wouldn't have if I'd been able to avoid it while still having a happy and healthy life. It has taken a lot of work and a lot of time and I still have far to go but I can see now that doing this work is part of what I need to do in order to have the life that I want and be the person who I want to be...I'm also getting a lot out of going to Adult Children Of Alcoholics/Dysfunctional Families meetings and reading their literature. (Although it's still secondary to the work that I'm doing on my own sobriety.) My family is Mormon and my parents never drank but I still find it very helpful and relatable. For what it's worth...I'm so glad that you're doing what you need to do to take care of yourself. It takes what it takes I've had a lot of Day 1's myself. I'm glad that you're still here with us.  
