-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/al1hxf/lead_up_to_first_aa_meeting/

I've known for probably the past three and a half years that alcohol was without a doubt a problem for me and that I couldn't control how much I drank. However even knowing that I refused to admit I was an "alcoholic". To myself and definitely to other people like my family. There were two reasons why I didn't want to admit that I was. ..Number one was that once I officially made that declaration it was the end of the road for me being able to get drunk. Never again would I be able to slyly talk my wife into believing it wasn't an issue and that I didn't really drink that much. The cat would be out of the bag and things would never be the same. That was a very scary proposition. No more alcohol. Ever. Not even a little. You know down the road once I've quit for "awhile" and would be able to drink "normally" like many others. Not even then. Once I admitted to myself and to my family I was in fact an alcoholic this gig was up. ..Number two was the stigma and label that I associated with the term "alcoholic". A nasty weak willed pathetic loser who was an embarrassment to himself his family and his friends. That's what that word represented to me and I fought admitting that I was one (even though I clearly was) for years. I would give long speeches to my wife on how I was a "problem drinker" (which I was of course) but not an actual "alcoholic". ..Periodically over the past several years there would arise certain incidents that to put it mildly were extremely: ..* destructive (to relationships with others to my own self esteem to my personality to my way of thinking about the world to my body to my mental state of mind to my finances.... and the list can go on and on...).* embarrassing.* hurtful (to others such as friends and family also to myself).* disappointing..After such an incident I would have a sit down with my wife. I would conjure some of the most intricate and detailed theories on why I drank so much and behaved the way I did under the influence. But those theories always steered well to the left or right of the road block that was the label "alcoholic". This went on up until this past Sunday. After 2 months of keeping my binges to only 2 or 3 occasions (which to me I saw as a sign of improvement and being in control) I was caught by my wife being drunk when I was supposed to be sober. This time after swearing I had no more desire to drink. I was done. But low and behold she came home unexpectedly in the afternoon and there I was. Slurring my words laughing uncontrollably acting abnormally irritated argumentative and thoroughly drunk. ..I knew the next morning that I had to admit it. I am an alcoholic. We had another sit down like usual but this time I wasn't angry or manipulative. I wasn't trying to talk my way out of it anymore. The gig is definitely up. Alcohol is a powerful drug that I cannot control once I start drinking it. And even though I am able to go a few weeks at a time without it the compulsion to get back in the saddle ALWAYS returns. It is a problem plain and simple. And I need to quit for good. ..On the same day I admitted I was an alcoholic I also agreed to do something I had fought even harder against than admitting that I was an alcoholic. Going to AA. I had a great deal of apprehension about going as I wasn't totally sure what would happen. I get nervous in group discussions and do not like to be the center of attention. Regardless I had to go. At the very least to see what it was like. My wife asked if I wanted her to come along since it was an open meeting and she figured I'd be nervous going alone. Initially I said no but then said I would like her to come with me so she did...We walked into the room and most of the people were seated at conference style tables so everyone was facing each other. There were probably 20 people which was a lot more than I hoped would be there. No one really said much to us and we took a seat. The first thing I noticed was there was a pretty good mix of people. By that I mean there were some that sort of "looked the part" or whatever. There were others who if you saw them in a grocery store wouldn't be able to tell one way or the other if they were alcoholics. Then there were a few who if you asked me if they were alcoholics in a different setting I would say not a chance. Notably there was an elderly woman who was very sweet like someone's very nice grandma who was an out of control alcoholic (by her own admission). ..The meeting started and they read for 15 minutes or so the AA guidelines and other standard items it seemed. Then they asked if anyone was there for their first time. I went to this meeting fully ready to NOT raise my hand at this question or say anything at all. At my wife's gentle nudge under the table I did raise my hand and gave my name. The entire room looked so excited! They all started clapping and welcoming me. ..Next was a round table discussion where each person took turns telling their tales of drinking. The entire discussion was aimed at me which at first was somewhat uncomfortable but as time went on it was more of a special kind of feeling. Like I was very important to everyone there. Listening to everyone speak was extremely intense at times. It was also very relieving to hear people talk honestly and openly about their struggles with alcoholism. It was the very first time I ever felt I could tell other people how much I *really* drank. The lengths I went to in order to hide it from my family. The deceptive and manipulative ways I managed people and situations so that I could get drunk. Until now there was no one I would have felt comfortable saying ALL of those things to not even my therapist. So that part alone was really amazing to me. I chose not to share anything and just sort of listened...I spoke to a few people after the meeting for 10 minutes or so just about how it helped them and that I had done the right thing by coming. They shared other meeting times in the same location as well as a booklet with all of the meetings for the region. I received about 10 people's personal contact info for support if I was somewhere outside a meeting and wanted to drink. They said just call or text anyone on the list and they'd be happy to talk about whatever was going on. They stressed it was important to be socially connected to people in the group mostly because it was a good way to stay grounded in the understanding that:..1. I have an alcohol problem.2. There are others who know exactly what it's like.3. There are ways to move on and live my life without alcohol..I really walked away feeling surprised at the magnitude of what I experienced. The welcoming the stories the feeling of inclusion the intense stories that were shared the feeling of shared understanding. It was a lot more than just a group of people depressed and angry that they could no longer drink (which is what I expected). It was actually the very opposite. A group of people overjoyed that they no longer needed to give in to their addiction and the incredible destructiveness of it. It gave me a real sense of hope that if some of these people can move on to a life of happiness free from addiction then so can I. ..For anyone on the fence or unsure if they are an alcoholic (or just aren't ready to admit it to themselves or others like I did for years) I would say you should go. Just go to a meeting let them know you're there for the first time and politely decline to share and ask if it's ok that you just listen (which they will have no problems with). Unless of course you want to share then by all means do. Even my wife who isn't an alcoholic actually *enjoyed* the experience. She loved the people and said she would be friends with many of them if given the opportunity. We both found it to be a very good experience.  I just wanted to sort of share my personal takeaway as I was searching this sub and elsewhere on the internet for what a first meeting can be like. Hopefully it helps someone else to understand a little better.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congratulations! AA can be a profound experience. So many people have strange misconceptions about it. And finally saying "I am an alcoholic" is freeing. I find the fellowship and sense of community so terrific I think it is a shame that there isn't something like it for non-drinkers. A group of people who are accepting and open and supportive. Who doesn't need that?
What you explained sounds a lot like me all the way down to lying to my therapist. I'm gonna check out a meeting today at noon after seeing this.
Thank you for your article. Very interesting to hear what it was like. Good luck in your sobriety!
Glad you had a good experience. Keep coming back :)
