-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/al3m9r/i_need_to_stop_binge_drinking/

Hi everyone!..My name is Viktor I'm 32 years old and since I was a teenager I struggled with binge drinking. I can go for weeks or even months without drinking but when I start drinking I cannot stop till I black out. I think that throughout the years the blackouts are getting worse and I'm really scared that someday I'll get severely injured or something worst!..I lost my girlfriend mainly for stupid things I did while being drunk. After that I quit for some months but I got drunk like 6 times in last 4 months. Sometimes I even doubt I can overcome this.. hopefully I can learn some things here from people who has done it...Thank you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Victor. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
I spent the better part of 10 years convincing myself that it wasn't an issue because I didn't do it regularly. I could go weeks without drinking but as soon as I started on any given night I could not stop. It took me a while to admit to myself that I had a problem. ..At some point I realized that I could not continue waking up not having remembered what I did the night before. Every morning after I had to have friends recount the embarrassing things I did the night before so I could go and make my apologies.  I was the clown of the group who everyone looked forward to seeing wasted at the next event. It's no way to live and I was tired of people looking at me as a drunken idiot when I have so much more to offer.  I'll hit 6 months sober in a few weeks. It's the happiest I've been. ..Don't give up. If it's what you want you can achieve it. We're all rooting for you. IWNDWYT.
Hi Viktor. The book *Alcohol Explained* helped me understand that alcohol wasn't doing me any favors. The first five chapters are free [here](http://www.alcoholexplained.com/1st-5-chapters/).
I was the same until I came out of a blackout in a crashed car. I've never felt better and my relationships are stronger because I don't drink. I miss it some days but I am always grateful in the morning for not drinking. I'm happy that you were able to come to this conclusion before something horrific has happened. All the best to you Viktor.
Same here man. Unfortunately it's too socially acceptable in my job and culture to drink and those that don't stand out a lot...This is a feeble excuse but I'm in the same boat as you mostly. Drink until I can't do any more and pass out somewhere not knowing what I've done. I hate it too...Mad love to you you got this. 
A lot like my story. Sober since Oct!
Exact same story as me. I was able to justify my garbage behavior for years and years telling myself "it's not that often" despite how anxious and depressed it made me feel every time. It took me an awful long time but it finally dawned on me that alcohol is incompatible with what I want out of my life...I needed a support group like this community to make me feel accountable. I personally found the IRC channel incredibly helpful as well as you have that live connection whenever you're feeling any sort of a way...Good luck to you Viktor I normally just lurk on the subreddit proper but your story was so similar to mine that I felt I had to say something. Gave it up right after turning 31 and I wouldn't go back there for anything.
I am exactly the same (31M). Can go weeks without a drink but once i get on it i don't stop at all until i black out. I do stupid things while drunk and have caused a lot of problems over the years. It was only when i got a DUI from driving back from my friends house pissed when i realized that i have to stop completely in order to solve this. I've tried moderation but it doesn't work for me. I quit drinking in September last year unfortunately i relapsed 3 times since then but i have learnt a lesson each time the main lesson being that i cant just have a few. I will continue to be sober and i hope you do too. Life is better without alcohol.
Hey man I know the blackout shame all too well. My god I've done some stupid shit. I did not want to admit I had a problem for a long time after all I'm part of the binge generation. I didn't think I could be any worse untill I woke up from a blackout with new levels of regret. That's when I realized I wasn't in control if I started I would drink till I was gone even if I didn't plan to. Got myself to AA. They all understand the shame and have been in similar situations. I wouldn't be sober without them. Have a read through some of their stuff online the stories of others and find a meeting and don't get scared by the god talk most of us are atheist but it all makes more sense when you get into the program. Best thing I've done for the sake of my sobriety. I know it can be daunting but just focus on today. IWNDWYT. 
For me the trick was first deciding that Alcohol no longer gave me what I wanted. It was giving me other things that I didn't want. ..I've beaten other addictions before. But alcohol was tough. It took me one season of reducing intake and realizing that didn't work either. ..switched to Kava which was great for awhile. Doesn't go well with alcohol. Started going a week without a drink then a bottle of wine  on the weekends. Eventually the Kava was too much work still a frug and tastes gross besides. ..At one point I had cut back so far that alcohol started to lose its appeal. Stopped drinking in December except for the holidays. And I drank too much on the holidays which finally confirmed my commitment to never drink again. ..I started drinking herbal tea like crazy. It helps. Even built a shelf to hold all my tea. ..Stopping also shows your what issues are caused by drinking and what issues are just your issues. Using drink (even moderately) as an escape weakens your coping skills over time but using those skills strengthens them. ..I get occasional cravings for a drink and tell myself no. ..I've lost 20 lbs. My job performance shot way up. My social skills are returning. I still have anger and anxiety issues but now I manage them rather than being in their control. It works. ..In short I really recommend not drinking. 
I have the very same problem. 34M. I'm from Scotland and there's such a huge binge drinking culture here. I have a great group of friends and we all love drinking together but I feel like I am always the one to blackout and do something stupid. In fact on two occasions I've caused serious injury to myself. No recollection of either. One was in Thailand and I think I fell from a motorbike taxi. I had cuts all over but my feet were torn to shreds and I couldn't walk for weeks. The other time I must have taken a fall on my way home and banged my head giving me severe migraines for weeks until I went to the doctor and then the hospital for an mri scan turned out I had bleeding in the brain which resulted in me losing my sense of smell. I'm just back from a stag weekend I'm Germany and there were a couple of blackouts there. I just feel I have to stop this or I'm going to injure myself worse. I have another stag party in 2 weeks in Prague and that again will be some serious drinking. Think I'm going to have to try and make that my last  session  but at the same time really try not to blackout when I'm there. I want to go fully sober but there are so many social events all the time that it really is quite difficult. I don't think I would enjoy a pub atmosphere while drinking soft drinks but somethings going to have to change. Sorry about the long post but there were so many similar stories in this thread to what I've been through. 
I'm exactly the same so i know how it feel it feels rotten  it feels horrible. This same continuous  cycle of back and forth of drinking for days then trying to build strength no energy for days shaking red skin on face blood shot eyes. doesn't matter how long i go off the alcohol just after a few days i feel  the same horrible effects. im on day 3 m going to see my alcohol therapist in a few day and try and get some anti craving medicine called naltrexone. hopefully this helps my cravings. also i may start a course of anti depressants. i suffer from some depression also. anyways friend WE CAN DO THIS AND BEAT ALCOHOL! good luck ! :-)
I cant moderate either i just came here yesterday because i had a massive fight with my boyfriend in our favourite restaurant and i'm so humiliated i could puke... i'm 43 not a kid...I only drink 2-3 days a week but everytime i do its a massive battle to stop before I get hammered. There is some good literature about why we cant stop once we started... ..I just wanted to let you know you are not alone...I will not drink with you today.
Me too. This is exactly how I abused alcohol. I'm close to six months now with no booze and loving every second of it. I wish you courage!
You sound like me! 33 years old binge drinking since the first time I had beer as a teenager...I was never a "drink all day" kind of drunk. It was more like getting black out drunk more and more frequently until it became multiple times per week and then quitting for a little while and then starting the downward spiral again. Alcohol abuse was definitely a contributing factor in breaking up my marriage several years ago...What really helped me and may help you was going back in time and acknowledging that there was never a time from my first drink to my last where I had a healthy interaction with alcohol. It was always either a rapid or a slow spiral into alcohol abuse but the end destination was the same...This helped me a lot because it broke the mindset I was unconsciously carrying around that I was really just stopping for a little while to get better at handling alcohol. For me there is no getting better at handling it because that's not how it affects my brain. Making a commitment to quit instead of a plan to "get better at drinking" was the key for me. Maybe something like that will help you too!
Binge drinking is my issue too. I convinced myself for a long time that I didn't have a problem with alcohol because I didn't crave it or didn't drink every day. But the second alcohol hits my lips a switch goes off and I can't stop until I pass out or puke all over myself. ..It's awful. Not too mention embarrassing and extremely dangerous. Many nights I have no idea how I got home would wake up on the couch with throw up on the floor next to me. There are some nights I really could have died or been assaulted...It's really hard to stop drinking especially because my brain likes to tell me that  you CAN drink in moderation!  But I have to remind myself that my alcoholic brain is deceptive and manipulative. Fortunately cravings are easier to avoid and I recommend not going out with friends for the first couple of weeks. At least for me social events are the most triggering. For the first few weeks I'd only hang out with my friends on weeknights in small gatherings where no one was drinking. Now I'm slowly easing myself into going out on the weekends with my friends. 
Sounds similar to me...Rising blood alcohol levels spike dopamine. Lowering blood alcohol levels cause discomfort...I have NO issue admitting I like to get fucked up. That's how I managed to finally stop drinking. No I dont want to have "just a few drinks" then sober up the rest of the night with a headache...Just like all things in life: Work. School. Game. I like to have fun and go hard. Knowing this avout myself I can rationalize not drinking. Because I like to get fucked up. I never smoke but if I'm drunk shit lemme get a cigarette. Line of coke? Fuck yes. Another drink!..These days I am learning to enjoy myself without.
This is my problem as well. I can't just have a drink and stop. The first one is the gun going off at the start of a race. .Waking up the next morning with a jolt of fear knowing I had yet again gone too far. I relapsed three days ago and although nothing too horrible happened I'm back to AA and using the app "in the rooms" for meetings at home..stay strong looks like there are a lot of us who know exactly what you're going through.
I've struggled with binge drinking since I was 18. Always Fri and Sat night. During the week I plan to not drink but come the weekend I get fear of missing out so I meet up with friends and get wasted. It would be good to have something to remind me why I don't want to drink at those times. ..I know chatbot and other conversational experiences are getting pretty good. What do people think about talking to a chatbot or siri like app that helps you not drink? It would remind you of why you wanted to stop and suggest other things to do on a Fri or Sat night.
