-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/albhv8/update_at_272_days/

So I'm updating at 272 days. Why 272? Well I keep procrastinating (and I'm busy.) I kept meaning to update at marks like 90 days 100 days 120 days and so on but...well anyway here's an update. And of course it's long.....I ended up coming down with a case of space aids (alcoholic hepatitis) back in May. Turned yellow always promised myself if that happened I'd quit. Admitted to the hospital stayed two nights and one day getting poked prodded. I would not recommend this experience to anyone...Anyway so where am I at 272 days?..I'm actually doing really well! Below are some highlights:..Alcohol: I have not had a single drop of alcohol since May 1st of 2018. I tapered off right before I got hit with the hepatitis so I didn't go through any crazy withdrawal but it still wasn't fun. For the first few months I think I was running on fear especially for my health. I still got cravings from time to time and tried to rationalize having  a beer  but I didn't. What helped me was finally submitting to the idea of  one day at a time ...For years I knew I had a problem but I just kept soldiering on in misery. By the time everything came to a head especially the last six months I had started drinking around the clock. I probably had alcohol in my system at all times. I started getting massive anxiety and would go into full blown panic attacks when driving on interstates. Had to pull over several times to get the wife to drive. It was an incredibly miserable and embarrassing time but by that point I just knew I had to have a drink regardless of what everyone thought about me...As my sober time racked up I began to see alcohol for what it is: poison. Any time I started having a craving I thought about my ailing liver but I also started seeing that alcohol had caged me. While in this cage I thought I was the baddest of badasses but I became so humbled by having to see that I was completely out of control due to alcohol and that I wasn't a badass at all...I was a prisoner. I started looking at alcohol as an adversary something that was actively trying to destroy me through cravings and thoughts of having  a beer . That's kind of when the switch flipped and I thought  Who the fuck does this alcohol think he is? ..Another problem I had was coming to grips with never being able to drink again. That FOREVER thing seemed insurmountable so I would say things like  This isn't forever but it's just for now.  And that kind of dovetailed into the  one day at a time  thing. As time went by and I saw that I really could live a life without alcohol in it it became easier to accept that I was done for good. And that makes me happy. It's been tough but each day that passes just makes me feel better and makes alcohol seem like something that gets smaller and smaller in my rearview mirror. I'm happy to be sober and I'm happy with me...Health: As far as my health goes I feel better than I have in a long time. I had my gallbladder removed in July and that recovery sucked. I saw my primary doctor recently and he's happy with my progress. I've had to see a gastro doc every four months or so (I have another appointment in about two weeks.) Each blood test has shown my liver numbers and overall numbers improve. I did have an ultrasound a few months ago that included a Fibroscan score stating mild cirrhosis and non-alcoholic fatty liver. I haven't been  officially  diagnosed with cirrhosis but according to the numbers that's the result. I'll discuss this more with the gastro at the next appointment. The only thing I have heard from him after the scan was a letter stating my numbers were "markedly improved" and that the ultrasound was  consistent with alcoholic and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. ..I take milk thistle beet root garlic ginger root and cayenne supplements each day along with a multi-vitamin. I've also changed my diet completely. Fast food used to be almost daily and red meat was every day or every other day. I also used to eat things heavy in cheese. Now I eat fresh fruit Greek yogurt rice peanut butter and jelly fresh fruit juice water baked chicken and my wife uses an air fryer to cook things like french fries or breaded shrimp. I'm also now a coffee drinker from time to time which is weird (some studies have shown that coffee is beneficial to the liver especially in cases of liver damage.) If I have soda it's Diet Coke (although I do still have an energy drink in the morning.) I also started working out on a semi-regular basis switched from cigarettes back to strictly vaping and started lifting weights again...Oh and my weight. Ok so here was something interesting. So when I was hospitalized I weighed right around 200 pounds. I'm about 5'11  and about to turn 38. Within a month or so after my hepatitis incident I lost about 40 pounds doing absolutely nothing. I think at my lowest I weighed 159 pounds. The weight just dropped off without all of the empty calories from beer. Now this was good I suppose but it also made me uncomfortable. My muscle mass seemed to disappear and I just felt like I had no heft to me. I also looked weird because I lost a ton of weight in my face and upper body but my abdomen was still swollen and I have a bit of a belly anyway (genetic type thing dad has same belly so did grandpa so does my brother.)..Today my weight is back up usually weighing in between 175 and 180 pounds. I feel comfortable again with my weight and I look at look healthier too. I credit this to eating again instead of getting all of my calories from alcohol and also the working out. Lifting weights was tough at first and honestly I felt horrible about it. It seemed like overnight I went from beefy to scrawny and weights that I once could power through seemed like they were heavier than ever. I worried I would always be this way and that I'd never get back to my  normal  body. Thankfully all of that continues to improve each day and has since I started...My jaundice has cleared up but that took longer than I would have liked. Jaundice also makes the skin more photosensitive so I have a bit of a permanent tan on my forearms and head (I shave my head daily by the way) but that's fading a bit. When the jaundice hit it was the beginning of May so all summer long I was exposed to the sun and developed very clear tan lines. Again however this is gradually fading...Relationships: I've been with my wife for nearly eight years and have been married for nearly six. We have a son who will be turning four this year. I can tell you that my relationship with both my wife and my son has improved tremendously and I'm happier than ever. My wife knew I was a drinker when we met and when it was just the two of us she was (mostly) fine with it. I'd drink in the evenings while we watched tv or played a board game or one of us played a video game and we'd just talk and laugh and all was good...When my son arrived my wife went through post-partum for about a year and absolutely hated me. To add to this we were dead broke. She wasn't working because she was taking care of our son and I was a freelancer who had just lost my biggest client about a year prior to my son's birth. I couldn't find a job to save my life and the walls were closing in. I tried EVERYTHING to get work (admittedly even considered criminal options but thankfully never acted on any of that) all while tending to my family and taking care of day-to-day stuff and we also moved during this first year. It was terrible and just exacerbated my drinking. Also because my son was still so small my wife was the one bonding with him but I couldn't do much other than hold him and talk to him...Today things are much better. My wife ended up getting a job working from home and without alcohol in my life I've been able to get back to work (from home as well) so we're here all day with our son. We had him in daycare for about a year but we realized the time was slipping away and we wanted to cherish every moment so we have him at home for now but we're looking at a half-day pre-school to start soon. It can be frustrating at times but we've worked out our own little way of doing things...I also started a business doing something I love in a niche market that I think has real potential (hey I'm a CEO now!) I'm excited for the future and I have bonded with my son as he has grown and changed and developed his own little personality. I love him and my wife beyond words sometimes to the point where my heart feels like it is going to burst! And I'd rather have my heart burst with love than my liver burst from alcohol amirite?..In the end everything about my life is different and has changed for the better. I feel happy healthy confident content and eager for the future. My health has improved dramatically and each day sees improvements that I didn't think were possible. I have a determination burning in my bones that I haven't felt in many many years and it feels good to be passionate about life again. This also translates to my health in that I'm unwilling to settle for being a broken person. I believe that the mind has great power over the body in healing and I have put this to practice in determining the course for my future health...To anyone considering quitting I have found nothing but joy in doing so. To anyone who has quit and is struggling I have found that there is nothing but joy on the other side of the pain. I feel that change does not come without struggle and perseverance builds character and makes a person whole. I do not attend AA but I have found my spiritual growth to be a large part of the positive changes that have occurred. For me stopping drinking was like being re-born into a new life. There are challenges and sometimes it feels like I'm learning new skills that I thought I had mastered but I find peace in the process of learning and becoming a better version of myself each and every day...Oh and I'll try to update more often. Thanks for reading and be well.
----------immediate responses--------

Wonderful post   filled with hope and inspiration. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. I'm so happy to hear of this wonderful transformation in your life...The part that stuck out the most to me was being caged by alcohol. I didn't see it at the time (and I too was literally drinking around the clock) but now that I've spent some time outside of those bars (not a pun) it's clear to me the constraints I had voluntarily put upon myself   for honestly no significant reward. Why did I do that? Why would I ever want to be like that again? This has been the pleasant perspective that has removed the desire to return to drinking. 
Thank you for linking that other post. Also a very worthwhile read. 
Awesome post!  Thank you!..And congrats on that lovely Palindrome!
Great things happening to you! Terrific! 
