-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/albk9d/relapse_again/

Here I am again.....I choose to learn from this thank you to a wonderful friend on here. I had some wine last night...why? Hubby wanted some and honestly so did I. It did nothing for me. Actually it made me sick. I actually vomited.....yuck. No buzz....no relaxation....no fun. Just left me sick and full of regret. On the bright side I have been sober more days this January than drunk. That's a positive right? Have a great day SD and thank you for always being there for me and everyone else!! One thing for sure on this very cold day is IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes you need to fall down to pick yourself back up. Sound like Rhys was a learning experience and the only way is up from here..One day at a time :-).Iwndwyt 
You are being honest. Honestly is progress. I know for me that I'll go 1-2 weeks without and then my husband will have a glass or two of wine and despite my insistence that I cannot - he will say  want some.  It's hard for people not dealing with the compulsive overuse of alcohol to realize that it really is the first drink that gets it going. Its the first drink that leads to the whole bottle. This is why supportive groups are useful. Even as strangers we get it because it has happened to all of us. IWNDWYT. 
Dust yourself off you're on to a new day!
Thank you for being honest. 
IWNDWYT 
Hiya. I'm back on day one as well. Let's sober on friend. We can do this. IWNDWYT.
I seemed to have lost the joy of drinking for my last couple of years active. I still was very determined to keep searching it by to keep drinking. For me I realised Ive ruined alcohol Ill never get that fun of it again. Maybe once every 100th time but it is not worth it. It was tough to realise this and in a way grief but it is a lifesaving realisation for me. ..Welcome back to sobrerity! I will not drink with you today. 
I'm so with you. Hubby is similar. Iwndwyt 
I need a reset also! I had a few beers with my dad on a trip and convinced myself I could drink normally. Nope. I was back to misery by 4 days of  normal  drinking. Even ended up blacking out and hitting a construction site in my car. Not pretty times. I'm so damn lucky no one was hurt. So lucky I'm not in jail. We are here now we are being honest and I won't drink with you today 
When I quit I asked my wife not to drink when we were home togeatherby ourselves.About a week later she came strolling into the living room with a drink.I was like "What are you doingyou said you wouldn't drink in front of me"! She responded "You mean forever? Permanently? "We talked it out and she "re-agreed" I don't mind her drinking when we have company or if we are out or if I have gone to bed or am outside.It is very difficult for others to really get what is going on.I think it helps for us to talk to themfrom the heartin a calm manner.If we can explain what quitting is doing to us and what drinking was doing to us it helps.My wife seems to get it now and is very supportive.If she ever asked if I wanted one I would try really hard to be calm and explain how hard that makes it for me and ask nicely if she would be willing to not do thst again. IWNDWYT
That one night of wine may have been a necessary step for you - now you know objectively that drinking brings nothing positive for you.  So glad you are back - IWNDWYT!
You used to drink what 100% of the time? Now your drinking say 50% of the time? Less? Still motivated to quit? Still learning? I'd call that a huge ass victory.
This is so me!!!!!! I'm day 3 in (with naltrexone) of my second real true attempt at sobriety. Nobody else gets it.  Why don't you just have one or two? Because I can't and I don't want one or two I want the whole damn bottle and then I want to open another.  Wine is my best friend too.  IWNDWYT
I don't WANT one or two glasses.  Ugh it's such a struggle. That's why we gotta do one day at a time. If I think about the whole rest of my life without Cabernet........it's too much. 
Ur back here tho. Thats a sign. Keep trying. U can do this! IWNDWYT 
You learned something that will help you approach things better next time! That's great!
You are amazing friend!!!! You got this 
