-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aler90/hey_life_can_we_negotiate_the_terms/

Hi everyone!..I'm in Chicago which according to the [news](https://www.google.com/amp/s/chicago.cbslocal.com/2019/01/30/chicago-deep-freeze-colder-than-arctic-yukon-mars-siberia-mount-everest/amp/) is currently colder than parts of the Arctic Yukon and Mars. Which is kinda appropriate for where I'm at this week. I've been thinking about the concept of  living life on life's terms.  Which is an AA saying that originates from this excellent [passage](https://www.aacambodia.org/acceptance) on acceptance. It's also a concept that exists in other forms in all sorts of spiritual and philosophical traditions probably because it's a pretty key part of living a happy and healthy life...What has gotten me thinking about this is realizing how much I want to retreat into fantasies about how I can manage and control my life to create a more ideal future. It is a coping mechanism that comes from a place when I was young and not able to change the situation that I was in so I'd fantasize about the future. It gave me a sense of control and some relief from my distress. And it still does which is why I keep doing it even though I have many more options and resources than I had back then...When I'm stressed about my current situation I like to start formulating plans and schemes that are about five steps ahead of where I'm at. It's different from setting goals and working towards them because I'm not actively engaging with my current reality and working forward in a systematic way I'm deciding where I want to be and trying to figure out how to launch myself out of my current situation and into that projected ideal...Case in point: I'm about to start a new job. (It's been delayed a couple of days which given the weather is fine by me.) I'm worried about my health. I'm stressing about the commute that I'm going to have. So instead of looking at my situation making practical plans about how to proceed and letting things develop naturally over time I'm obsessing about what house I would buy if I were in a position to buy a house today which I'm not. And it's not even about the house it's about the fantasy of the life that I think would make me happy and that I think I could have if only I controlled my situation harder and forced it to happen...Which is fine to a certain point. Having a bigger picture idea of where I want to go is part of making decisions and plans. And I've had a lot of chaos and life changes over the last handful of years which I am still adjusting to. It is taking me some time to mentally and emotionally adjust to my new realities. I can be kind with myself about that...But I'm not really accepting the reality of my current life my current relationships and my current situation. I'm fantasizing an ideal and then trying to work backwards and wedge my life in to fit. ..How does this relate to drinking? Well I've gotten sober before and done the same exact thing - projected what I wanted my life in sobriety to look like and tried to make it happen. When it didn't meet that ideal I got frustrated and sooner or later I relapsed. I wanted sobriety to fundamentally change me and my life and when it didn't work out the way that I planned I felt completely justified in going back to the way that I used to do things...But it also goes deeper than that. Drinking was a way for me to escape my reality. Alcoholism is described in AA as a  disease of perception.  Drinking changed my perception of reality. When I was drinking I felt like my problems didn't exist and I was capable of anything. When I wasn't drinking I felt like I couldn't deal with my life the way that it was. I felt trapped. I felt like I needed alcohol to  deal with  things...Neither one of those perspectives was accurate. My problems still existed (and usually got worse) when I was drinking. When I wasn't drinking my problems were more manageable than I thought. I had more resources and options than I realized. I wasn't willing or even able to see the reality of either situation I was trapped in the tunnel vision of my distorted perception. ..In that distorted perspective alcohol was my solution. I kept going back to drinking because deep down I really believed that it was doing something positive for me. The reality of hangovers and unmet responsibilities and all the various consequences of drinking paled in comparison to what I truly believed that alcohol was doing for me. ..Alcohol made my life better. I couldn't point to a single concrete thing that it was actually doing for me but I *knew* that it made my life better because my life pretty much only felt good when I drank. Oh sure there were things that I did and parts of my life that I sometimes enjoyed when I wasn't drinking but when I was under stress or facing a problem the only thing that consistently made me feel better was having a drink...I expected sobriety to provide me with the same sort of solution that I got from alcohol. In some ways I still sorta do. I want sobriety to fix my life because I think that my life needs to be  fixed.  It doesn't feel good the way it is now and so there's something wrong with it. I don't need to do the dishes I need to move so I have enough cupboard space in my kitchen to properly organize things...I've been fighting various realities of my life. I've been trying to change reality to fit with my idea of how I want my life to be. It's causing me grief and stress now and I can look back and see how it has caused me grief and stress in the past. What I am starting to learn is that the solution isn't to change my external situation to fit my expectations the solution is to accept and just straight-up see things as they actually are. If I live life on life's terms I don't need to drink to alter my reality because I am fine with reality as it is. ..I'm not even very good at seeing things as they actually are which is the precursor to acceptance. I'm realizing how much I selectively see things how I want them to be and ignore what doesn't fit. So I am trying to be more honest with myself about where I actually am and what's actually going on in my life. Some things are better than I think some things are worse but in either case what helps me to do this is to get out of my head and to talk with other people in my life about what's actually going on. Drinking is a hole that I dug for myself alone. I get out by connecting with others and asking for help...Yes a meditation practice would undoubtedly help with this. But like getting sober has been a process that's taken me multiple years meditation seems to be something that I'm dancing around and I have been for a while. I'll get it eventually. Like everything else it just seems to be something that needs to happen in its own time...Anyway I hope that you all are well. Thank you for all the love and support that you pour into this community by being here. I couldn't have gotten sober without you and I can't stay sober without you either. I'm grateful for the opportunity to share this journey with you...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing
Ginger Sprout hope you are staying warm.  Thank you for these posts that always generate a great deal of personal introspection on my part.  Your writing is top notch and from the heart.  This post reminded me of all the time I spent drinking alone and fantasizing about a future that would never happen.  Those dreams would be crushed every morning by a hangover only to bloom again that evening.  I've got a few years on you so the house and family stuff is kind of behind me.  Now I'm thinking about retirement stuff.  I try to keep things simple these days and try to stay in the present.  I know that by being sober I will always be present for whatever life throws at me.  I've also rediscovered how much I care about others after being so selfish for so many years.  Trying to be a better human being.  I know you focus a lot on this also.  Maybe that's what it's all about.  So I've been involved with this meditation circle at my yoga studio for about 5 months now.  Besides the meditation portion of class we spend time learning about the Yoga Sutra's and the 8 limbs of yoga.  I find it very enriching from a spiritual aspect but I don't see it as religious in my mind.  Not sure if that makes sense.  But it's all about how we prepare ourselves to achieve deeper meditation.  A lot of time is spent on understanding what causes us to suffer.  By self observance we can begin to control this and bring more peace into our lives.  It's deep stuff for me.  Anyway I know where you are coming from and I'm proud of the way you are approaching your life.  Full of honesty and love for others.  I'm grateful to share this journey with you Ginger Sprout.  Take care and stay warm Uncle Rex
That's great Ginger your posts are the best. Glad to see your rolling along. I don't come here much anymore yet this is the place that made the difference in my life by myself I don't think I had a ghost of a chance to get sober. Just started reading an interesting book called The Unexpected Joys of Being Sober... a collection of stories much like Stop Drinking is...anyways Ginger do enjoy! 
