-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alksqq/nervous_about_relapse_heres_why_and_help/

So before I quit drinking 122 days ago a few things were calendared. First being an Interpol concert weekend of 2/16 which is also me and my husbands birthday AND my biggest drinking buddies on earth are staying with us that wknd for the show. ..Second being a trip to Ireland with my mother and alcoholic sister in March. My sister will likely be drunk the whole trip and had already asked if I'll be drinking with her that week while we are on vacation. ..When I quit drinking I gave myself permission to drink both these occasions but then it would have to be immediately back at it alcohol free. ..Has anyone ever done this successfully? I'm guessing the answer is no because I know as well as anyone else on this sub that once that candle is lit it consumes the house immediately.  ..I'm nervous. I don't want to relapse but the dates are fast approaching and when they arrive I'm afraid I'm just going to drink. ..Has anyone else found themselves thinking like this and succeeded in not drinking when they were sure they would? What happened? How'd you do it? ..I'm so anxious about this...Thanks guys and IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you reached out to those friends and family and told them about your sobriety? 
Your drinking friends will understand your decision much more than you think trust me. Especially if they know that it was a problem for you. That was huge in helping me quit i was so thrilled by how much everyone supported me...That being said I had want to not drink MORE than I wanted to drink. When the urges kick in (and they will!) the urge to not drink and your motivation for doijg so has to override it. I hope that makes at least a little bit of sense haha...Good luck to you!
I think you'll feel better if you don't give in and drink and each time you resist makes you stronger and makes it easier to say no the next time. Think how much more you'll enjoy these experiences during the event &amp; vacation and not hungover following them. You'll actually remember them too! 
I really thought it would suck going to concerts sober and I was not looking forward to the pain of it the first time. But I learned that it is awesome!!.1. Not constantly obsessed thinking about my next beer.2. Not waiting in line for next beer.3. Far less trips to the nasty porta potty.4. REMEMBER the whole night .5. No regrets shame lost time.6. No hangover..Now I am sad about the 30 years worth of concerts that I wasted. I don't have to waste another one and I won't...Good luck- I believe you can do it sober if you go in with that intention. Iwndwyt..
It is possible to drink just once for these occasions. But I wouldn't do it. If I was at an Interpol concert and it was my birthday those are two awesome things that would make me feel good on their own. Alcohol doesn't add anything to them. Plus I wouldn't want to give my alcohol abuse a chance to be rekindled. Every day that I don't drink is a step away from my old habit of abusing alcohol. And any day that I would drink would be a step back toward that habit. 
Up 2 u. But u kno whats in store if u do. Wish u the best. Iwndwyt
Thanks for your thoughtful post. 
