-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alrxfy/second_aa_meeting_many_more_to_go/

This morning I attended my second AA meeting. Although I'm not 100% sure it's for me I resonate with so many of the stories. I haven't shared yet but carry my 24 hour coin in my jacket pocket. I'm still a little uncomfortable with the higher power aspect as I'm not religious. Today is only day three of not drinking and I'm struggling. I almost killed myself last week and am having a hard time holding on. I'm grateful for this thread right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have been going to AA for a yr now and love the fellowship and have found some great people .I'm not sure where I stand on the higher power . For now my home group and the support of AA is my higher power .  ...&amp;#x200B;
Good for you. I've been at meetings the last couple weeks. I'm non-program non-steps non-god and NON-DRINKING. Some days have been cringeworthy. I've met a couple folks who are bs-free.
I've been going for a week to aa now and so far it's grown on me. It's definitely not for everybody but for the people who are like me and said nah its to preachy and crap. Give it a try. I'm still kinda on the fence about it but I feel so far its helping me. 
I needed to quit drinking more than I needed to worry about someone else's vision of a higher power. I kept it simple. Today my higher power is much different than the one I imagined in my second month of AA. ..How can one higher power get you sober and another higher power keep you sober?  I ask myself that often. I believe it all has to do with realizing that without help it is too much for us. ..I hope you give it a few months and let your mind clear a little. I just kept showing up and all of a sudden the cravings were gone and I could start repairing the wreckage of my past. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
AA is not about religion. And the higher power is not God or Jesus. It is the thing outside of yourself that can help you get and stay sober. For me I consider it to be my soul or better self. 
I've been in and out of AA for a couple years and it took me a while to understand that spirituality doesn't equate religion. HP just means something greater than yourself. That could be the universe ocean connections. Mine changes a lot and honestly just friendship and connecting with other people is my higher power a lot of the time. 
