-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am0cbj/i_just_want_to_share_anonymously_if_i_may_about/

First post have been lurking a little bit. Didn't really think I would post but I really want to share a little bit just to kind of get it in the open under the anonymity enjoyed here. TLDR at bottom but I'd love it if you did read :)..Up until about 9 or 10 months ago I treated alcohol completely normally. I'd occasionally try a new cocktail at dinner (was 21 then now 22) if I didn't have to drive sometimes if I felt fancy I'd get some new cheeses and a bottle of wine at the store and occasionally I'd have a bottle of vodka in the freezer to mix some stuff that I liked or was experimenting with. The vodka bottle would usually last a week and a half to two weeks the wine only lasted 3 days cause you knowit goes bad and all. ..I never drank anything else. Didn't like any of it. ..Then I got into an abusive relationship. Emotional abuse manipulation mind games bullying tricking me into doing stuff non consensual sex... As it was ending my drinking increased. It went from a night or two drunk a month to whenever we fought to every other night. I finally managed to break off the relationship and struggled a lot over the next few months with emotions. Whenever I felt a ton of emotions descending upon me I'd just mix 3 or 4 strong fruity cocktails or have just under a whole bottle of wine (the whole bottle always made me throw up so I learned to stop 1 glass before it was gone) with dinner. It eventually slowed down a bit to just once a week - still more than I was comfortable with. Then wine started giving me terrible hangovers so I went strictly to vodka. There were some periods where I'd drink every afternoon starting at 4 stop by 9 or 10 so I could go to work the next day early. It was always when I became swamped with emotions and the emotions were almost always due to him. But I kept doing it because it worked. I'd feel emotions coming and drink some and they'd be gone. I never did anything dangerous while drunk. I was never angry manic or mean (except once literally once when I was mean to my ex while we were fighting). It just made me happier I could go about my evening at home and not have to dwell with all the emotions swimming through my head. I knew when to stop too so that I wasn't throwing up or completely useless the next day. I got this I thought. ..But it started to catch up to me. Not at first and not all at once just piece by piece in all areas of my life. ..First my finances started getting out of control. I haven't been out on my own for too long so things have always been a little rocky I guess. I'm self employed. If I don't put in my work I don't get paid. I'll have great income months and then lousy income months and it's mostly directly tied to my personal effort. Sometimes I just can't sell services but it's usually due to me. Part of the problem was just me being stupid. I wasn't being careful or planning in detail where my money needed to go and when it needed to come in (some call this a budget lol) but I truly believe that the alcohol was causing me to be reckless. The worst was when I overdrew my checking by $500 to pay rent. It was at the end of a week where I'd spent every night drunk. I had to credit card my way through a whole week and borrow from myself again and again to get my account up to just $5.00. I had a financial wake up call that month and I started being better with my money. I didn't drink as much but I didn't really make a promise to myself in regards to that. I just realized I was being reckless with my money. ..Then I noticed myself stagnating. I hadn't gone anywhere in months. My goals were exactly as far away from me now as they were when I'd made them. I weighed the same looked the same had the same amount of money at the end of the month and was doing the same stuff. Alcohol was holding me back. When I was drunk I couldn't read. I couldn't learn plan or focus on anything. I just went through day by day with no plan or drive to get to where I truly wanted to be. And somehow MONTHS had gone by. I should have checked off over half my goals but I hadn't started on one. I was  trying  but not really. ..Then my physical health started taking a toll. I realized that if I drank more than one day in a row I'd develop temporary gastritis. My stomach would ATTACK me multiple times a day after drinking and I wouldn't even be hungover. It was so bad at times that I had to cancel appointments with clients. Other times I'd be driving just 20 minutes down the road and not even 10 minutes into the trip my stomach would just decide that we needed to find a grocery store restaurant or gas station bathroom NOW! I couldn't even get to where I was going another 10 minutes away. This happened multiple times a day. I noticed I'd get fatter during periods of heavy drinking too and my face would droop and look horrible. My lower back would also give me a fun dull ache to enjoy the first half of the day. It felt like my kidneys. I also developed a couple cavities on my teeth because I'd often pass out at night without brushing my teeth and then wake up late and have to run out the door in the morning and forget until I got home mid afternoon. ..This time around thanksgiving I decided to cut back. I'd do a couple months sober over the holidays. I actually had a little bit of withdrawal symptoms but they were very minor. I just did it over the weekend and was fine after a day and a half. I lasted until Christmas. I had to go home to my family and they're homophobic and very manipulative themselves. I bought some vodka to drink the day before going home to them and I even was going to put some in those 3oz travel bottles to spike my drinks on the plane. Not technically allowed but nobody would know if I put it in my Diet Coke in the airport bathroom before getting on the plane. The night before I flew my stomach attacked me again brutally and I ended up pouring it all out. What was I thinking? ..I lasted until a week or two ago. I was on a diet had lost 10 pounds since Christmas had kicked the diet sodas too. I was talking to a friend and she's talking about drinking. I'm never phased by others talking about drinking if I have my own goals but for some reason I started craving a Mai Tai. So I bought a mixer made like 2 and a half and decided I'd had enough. Poured the rest of the Rum out that the mixer didn't use and hopped back on my diet. ..Then a week later (last week now) I got hit with more emotions. I don't even remember what the trigger was... I just felt very very upset all of a sudden. I bought vodka and went through the bottle in 3 days (remember from above they used to last over a week). I bought another one the day it ran out and had more. I spent 5 nights in a row drunk... Again my stomach started killing me I was constantly nauseous... this is all fresh in my mind so I really want to detail what happened. ..My waist line started increasing quickly. Easily another inch and a half maybe two. My drive completely evaporated. I didn't care about anything even when not drunk. I didn't make even a quarter of the money I'd planned to make last week. My face looked fat. I couldn't focus on anything. (Since Jan1 I've been reading a book a week. That was impossible to keep up when on this last binge). I got really triggered over stupid stuff at work. I became incredibly impatient and angry at random things. And I was still sad. I'd be happy while drunk but the rest of the day be miserable until time to drink again. So Monday night 4 days ago I'd had it. Alcohol was going to cost me the goals I'd made for this year. It was keeping me fat. It was wrecking my stomach my metabolism my finances and my work all over again. ..And you know what? I decided I don't want to be doing this when I'm 32. Or 42. I want to be done now. There's too many awesome things to do in life starting with my goal list. I don't want to be 32 and still broke because my alcohol consumption increases every time I get upset. I'm quitting with no desire to drink. ..I DID experience withdrawal! ..Day 1 morning: terrible stomach pains. Had to stop for the bathroom on the way to work! Scarcely made it. I felt like I had the flu. Achy all over had trouble sleeping. Physical symptoms began subsiding by noon but I was EXTREMELY IRRITABLE that evening when I'd missed my normal  start drinking  time. Like I wanted to punch someone. There had been nothing wrong with the day the only time I feel like I want to punch someone is when everything has gone wrong. I'm normally a very happy person. I felt like I physically needed a drink. I felt like my blood sugar was low and though I was not actually shaking or jittering I felt unstable. I had been dieting as mentioned but today I gave myself a pass to eat wherever I wanted and drink whatever non alcoholic beverage I desired (tea and some lemonade with the many cups of water I had)...Day 2: Felt slightly unwell in the morning. Slept better though had some stomach pains about a third the intensity as they were on day 1. Had the last one around dinner time. Again gave myself a pass to eat whatever I wanted. I picked up a mixture from the store and baked some scones to have with my tea. By evening my mind had cleared and I read 70 pages in my book with ease. I fell asleep right after that and though I didn't sleep long I did sleep well. Before I went to bed though I psychologically wanted a drink. ..Day 3: My metabolism is back! I get hungry more normally now and I'm not as fat. I think my body released some of the fluids it had been retaining. My face is already looking thinner. I have a nice glow to my skin again and my mind feels clear. No more stomach pains normal bathroom breaks. One more day of the free pass on food tomorrow will start to reign in on that with more fresh fruits and lean proteins. I had a stressful day and instead of vodka I'm getting some pasta to cook. I'm starving. ..TLDR: I treated alcohol normally got into an abusive relationship and became an emotional drinker after that then realized what the  true cost  of alcohol was and the incredible benefits I enjoy by not drinking. I'm now re-learning how to deal with my emotions alcohol free...It was good to pop in here and see what others were going through or had been saying while I went through my short and very very mild withdrawal. I don't ever want it to get worse than it did.  And for that reason I'm out. .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story. Alcohol is a beast...I had a similar experience as you. I was working for myself and made 1 margarita a night. Never had a desire to drink more than that. Then about 18 months ago some past trauma resurfaced and things started to fall apart: work exercise and diet all ceased. I hadn't even started drinking excessively at that point. But alcohol definitely makes it harder to get back into those routines...But honestly looking back I was playing with fire drinking daily because drinking can easily spiral out of control and eventually it did for me.
Welcome!  
IWNDWYT
That's a well written and well composed story...is your day job writing?..Have you broken up with your boyfriend?  That part wasn't clear...fwiw...I think you should if you haven't already...Don't be tough on the food aspect right now....if eating a little more gets you yhrough the first month or two it's not that bad..  .You are young and your drinking habits not so deeply ingrained but...it still will have challenges .....nurture yourself with good food...worry about the calories later......Is your stomach sorting itself out?  If it is better with no alcohol that's good....but do see your doctor if it doesn't settle...it could be something else that flares with alcohol use...IBS ....does this...Emotional drinking ....comes from trying to stiffle your emotions....stifling your emotions is not good.....if you were drinking to do this...you will need to find a better way to work through your feelings....we all struggle with managing our feelings....this is the joy and beauty of being human but it is the curse as well...As a four year sober mum my words of advice are...focus on managing your feelings...learn how to do this in a way that is healthy and emotionally aware...you get this part right ..and you are set for life in all facets of life...trust me on this.......Much love and my very best wishes for the next part of your life journey..Ps congratulations on being able to support yourself financially as a self employed person..that's pretty impressive at your age..In fact you are all round impressive xxx..That comes from a 52 year old mum by the way... ..
