-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am2m01/ive_developed_an_addiction/

To fizzy water!!! I crave it in the evening like my old glass of wine. I swear it even relaxes me. Man our mind is powerful! I've been reading Annie Grace. I think my b*tch ass subconscious is finally getting the memo that alcohol is indeed not fun for me but was actually killing me. Slow suicide. Each bender was actually leading me closer to losing it all. Anyway I'm here today and checking in. Tonight at midnight will be 7 days (again). I've been playing this yo-yo thing nearly 6 months. Sober for 3 weeks feel cured relapse. I can only think about today and now. I'm not drinking today. ..Anyway anyone love their Soda Stream? I may go pick mine up from Bed Bath and Beyond. I'd love to explore new fizzy combinations of flavors that La Croix may not have. Thanks for listening!! IWNDWYT   
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I've also developed an addiction to seltzer! There have been times that I've gone through 12 packs daily. It's as fun as I remember drinking used to be for entirely different reasons-better reasons! I'm gonna have to get a soda stream so I don't go broke buying all these cans haha. 
Try soda water with different sipping vinegars! So yum!! 
It's the Fizz that does the Bizz!!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I swear when I'm plopped in front of the TV zoned out on watching the boob tube my brain has no idea the beverage I'm consuming is fuzzy water and not a cocktail. There is so little difference it's insane that I put so much money and energy into alcohol. IWNDWYT!
I'm also a fan. The other night I was out with coworkers and they all got margaritas but the waiter brought me fizzy water and I was like  this is great! 
This is like the 3rd time this week sparkling water has been brought up in this sub lol I'm dead serious when I say that I've adjusted to being just as satisfied with a cold glass of topo chico instead of a fancy cocktail. ..Guys what other zero/low sugar mineral waters should I try? Crystal Geyser and Trader Joe's goes flat too quickly. I do like spindrift and bai bubbles (omg the cherry one is heavenly) too but it has to be reaaalllyyy cold.
I use my sodastream daily. I don't get fancy with it thought I usually just as a bit of lemon or lime juice to my water.
Sometimes when I really want a beer I pound a Fresca like it's PBR. It helps until I can get involved in something else. After work I'll drink a nonalcoholic beer when I'm really struggling with the wind down. It's not the same but it's better than the alternative. 
I went hard on the ginger ale...I had commenced to drink as carelessly as though the ginger ales were cocktails.
Try coconut flavored seltzer with a splash of pineapple juice!.
Nice. And while ur at bed bath and b please go to the scented candle section n sniff away!
https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/9ut96q/lpt_cant_stop_boozing_buy_flavored_seltzer_waters/?st=JRMTGRXW&amp;sh=b20cd815
Me too. I went all of January without a drop of alcohol but I must have flavored seltzer after work. I'm partial to mandarin cloudberry hibiscus or pomegranate flavored Polar. I tested out the store brand and it was just as good too. Yesterday I had a peach pear seltzer and it was so good. I thought about having a drink today on the first day of February but then I thought about a lovely glass of mandarin seltzer and chose the fizzy water. I want to enjoy my Saturday morning with a great night of sleep and a clear head. Iwndwyt
Soda Stream is fantastic. You can fizz it up as much as you'd like. ..My husband bought a faucet system thing that makes filtered carbonated water from the tap right at the sink but it's too flat for me. He put a lot of effort into it so I feel bad that I prefer the old simple Soda Stream...Get one it's easy pays for itself and saves you from lugging sodas around. You'll love it...Full disclosure: we still lug sodas around too. Too much good stuff out there.
A friend who's doing a late dry January came over with some non-alcoholic beers and we polished off a bottle of fizzy water too. Had a really good chat. 
