-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amdfpe/binge_drinking_advice/

Hey everyone I'm looking for perspective and help with my drinking habits if anyone has any input...I don't drink everyday I don't want to either. I do drink too often in my opinion about 2 days a week but thats a topic for another post. My struggle lies in drinking too much when I do drink. I don't have a super high tolerance so I'm usually good after 4/5 drinks where I'm comfortable but I don't stop. It's like once I'm drunk it never crosses my mind. Is this normal? Are there ways to prep myself or keep a conscious thought about It? I could try switching from alcohol to just water.   but idk if I'd remember that either. Is there anyone else here that has successfully navigated binge drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah me too. U can do like me and either not thing abt it and keep drinking/try to moderate for the next many many maaaaaaany years - or just accept that that's how u drink and make a decision from there...I have accepted that I can't change my way of drinking...IWNDWYT
I successfully started to control my binge drinking 61 days ago. 
My drinking would be categorized as binge drinking too. I feel that it was so exhausting trying to moderate my drinking that I made a decision drinking wasn't worth the effort. IWNDWYT! :)
Pro binge drinker checking in.  In my experience their is no way binge drinking can be controlled.  In my view here's why.  You are drinking which means the person in you head that's supposed to tell you when you've had enough is also drinking.  The "watchman" is getting drunk and after a few drinks doesn't care about your need for temperence.  Only cares about chasing the buzz.....hence the perpetual "last drink you wish you didn't have prior to bed".  ..Also according to the literature binge drinking is an indication that you are akready alcohol dependent.  ..From my experience you may be able to drink less for a while but the out if control binges WILL return when the setting is right and they will be worse than all the priors with worsening consequences.  I "controlled" my binges as a very high functioning alcoholic for 18 years.....until.i couldn't.  Alcohol doesn't care about time scale as it marches to destroy your life. ..Iwndwyt..
I'm a bad binger too. I'm day 6. Its time to throw alcohol away forever
I am sort of different in that I drank every day and had a very high tolerance which just made it harder to find motivation to quit. "Nothing's going bad why should I quit?"..But I am similar to you in that once I start I can't stop. Craving it is definitely part of being addicted but moderation should also be. There is also a "medical definition" of being an alcoholic which is measured by how many drinks you consume each week...But really the only one that can decide that there's a problem and make you quit is you. Motivation is of course a big factor. I found motivation when I hit rock bottom ended up in hospital with other addicts and told myself that "This is not the place where I'm supposed to be I don't belong here" and swore never to end up there again...IWNDWYT!
Ex binger here. The book Alcohol Explained by William Porter discusses how binge drinking is one of the most dangerous alcohol use disorders...Its worth a read and was key for me quitting
It takes a hell of a lot for me to stick to whatever boundary I have put in place to the point that it's easier just to abstain altogether. Not easy just easier. 
 Is this normal? ..Yes. If ur alcoholic like me and many of us here. Ditch the poison/booze for a while. See what u think and feel! G luck
