-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amdisb/triple_digits_today_100_days/

It's almost hard to believe that I now have 100 days of sobriety behind my belt.   It has been a roller coaster ride of emotions.  Every emotion that I could feel on this journey has been felt.  I've had many many days of feeling like a life of sobriety sucks and I don't know how I'm going to live my life this way.  This sub has been my rock my reality check and I am so grateful to all of you.  On days that I feel like I wish I could drink some wine and escape I read the relapse posts and then I remember how horrible my drinking days were....the absolute misery physically and mentally waking up everyday to say "okay day one"  only to do the same thing all over again.  It was a prison of hell for many years.   ..I'm so grateful for all of you.  Thank you for being here sharing and for all of your heartfelt support.  We are not alone here and we all understand each other.  I wish each and every one of you a beautiful life free of addiction filled with happiness health of peace of mind. .. I am finally getting my life back!  IWNDWYT my friends! :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  Triple digits ftw!
Way to go on 100!
Heck yeah! IWNDWYT
Congrats! It eventually gets easier. And it definitely gets better and better. Good luck!
Way to go on 100! Keep going...  it got easier and better for me one day at a time. IWNDWYT 
Welcome to triple digits! Glad to hear you're getting your life back. That's awesome!
Awesome!
Well done Centurion!
Congrats...IWNDWYT
I've not made it to 100 yet but your post is super inspiring. I am rooting for you! IWNDWYT
Great job friend..Congratulations...
Yes!!! Thanks for being a part of this journey with us! You are awesome.
Happy One Hundred! 
Congratulations!!.IWNDWYT 
Congratulations to you. 
Congratulations! I can't wait until I reach this point. It's a beautiful feeling to wake up with a clear head ready to take on the day. Happy weekend and happy 100 days to you!!! 
Congrats!  Waking up not hungover was wonderful this morning.
Well done! Great achievements. Here's to many more hundreds.  
Awesome accomplishment on 100! ..I will not drink with you today
Great work! Most of the people I know are unimpressed or disaffected when I tell them how long I'm sober. I don't think most of them know what a huge accomplishment it is and what it means to all of us. Congrats to you on 100 days. 
Congrats on 100!  I'm almost there too.   Can totally relate to all you said. IWNDWYT!!
Knowing we are not alone is a great comfort so thank you too. Triple digits is amazing. Hope you are going to mark the occasion in some way? It's so easy to not acknowledge our achievements sometimes.  I usually buy myself a big bunch of flowers the bigger the number the bigger the bunch   IWNDWYT  
Good work keep it up. 
Congratulations! Triple digits is awesome!! Way to play the tape forward.....IWNDWYT    
You're a rock star!  Sober on friend sober on!  IWNDWYT 
Welcome
You have made it such a long way. Love it! We'll keep going happy and sober  
Fuck yeah!     Great work.   Can I challenge you to make it to 101?    IWNDWYT
Excellent!  IWNDWYT!
Congrats!!
CONGRATS! It feels so amazing
Congratulations! You hit the heart of the issue for me. I am tired of day 1 but also feel nervous about day 100! I've got a while to go but this sub is a great resource. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
Keep on keepin' on!
Congratulations!!!!!
Nice 
Excellent work! Thank you for posting and reminding me of the horrible groundhog day of "day ones". I will not be drinking today!  
Excellent job triple figures when you're a few weeks in seems an impossible task but man does it feel good when it's reached.
Stay the course!
Congrats!
congrats! Heres to 100 more
