-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amra47/50_days_of_me/

Hey everyone! This morning when I woke up I saw that I have 50 days of not drinking. I have had so many learning experiences in that time been to a decent number of meetings talked to a lot of sober alcoholics read some books watched lots of hockey games that I remember the score in... I took my bottles back today (well not all of them I couldn't fit the last FIVE rubbermaids in my car) and I have close to 900 bottles and cans. What an eye opener that is considering I did a lot of drinking at my neighbourhood pub as well...This particular stretch has been easy. It wasn't easy to get here though. I've failed at quitting probably 50 times I've had 9 months  6 months 3 months lots and lots of 2-4 week stretches... Every time there was something a little different in my brain. For the last 6 years since the first time I really realized I had a major drinking problem I've been watching alcohol slowly invade every aspect of my life. First it was my hobbies then it took a couple relationships then it started pillaging my savings slowly extinguishing my dreams and my drive to achieve them. It cost me a few jobs soured a few more relationships. It started to put down it's own roots in my life started leaving shame and guilt in places I never would have expected them started adding inches to my waistline flab to my chest dragging down my cheeks and clouding my eyes...Alcohol snuck up on me. It took me many many tries lots of hard battles lots of failures to get this particular 50 days. But this 50 days has been pretty easy comparatively and now I am so glad for all those struggles and failures because it gives me perspective and it helps me appreciate just how fucking amazing it is to be sober to face life on life's terms to look myself in the mirror every day and know that I am doing my best that my best is gonna have to be good enough and that I will be doing it all without drinking...Happy Sunday friends! Thank you all for being there with me today!
----------immediate responses--------

Well said! I am a little behind you in terms of days but your impressions all resonate. I have found this stretch much easier than previous attempts and it is the first time that I don't panic when I think of it being "for good". All I see is benefit after benefit.....And I have a lot fewer trips to the recycling bins as well...
We are 50 twins! Keep it up :)
Will look for your post at 100.  
