-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amrm0a/yesterday_day_75_was_my_toughest_so_far_and_it/

I survived with my sobriety intact but that was really hard and the suffering felt very real. This road so far has been fairly "easy" so this very difficult day showed me that the ditch at the side of the road is there waiting. ..I felt like a drink by midday and it only got worse as the day progressed. I'm guessing my urge was strong for a variety of reasons that came together in a perfect storm. I'm weening from my anti-depressant. I'm immobilized by a stress fracture in my foot so can't take walks. I had a tooth pulled last week and eating is still troublesome. Superbowl is in town and we're hunkered inside to avoid crowds and traffic. The news of a possible renewed nuclear arms race reminded me of childhood coldwar fears...How did I cope? A puzzle. A nap. Ice cream for dinner. Binge-watch Russian Doll. Avoid the news. White-knuckles...My heart goes out to all of the relapsers out there because I can think of a million different scenarios where I would have drowned myself in a bottle of booze. Had I been away from home I would have drunk. Had my husband been unsupportive or dismissive I would have drunk. If I had needed to take care of others (kids etc.) instead of myself I would have drunk. I succeeded but it could have easily gone the other way. ..Thank you for being here and thank you for reading. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

So happy for you keep moving forward. 
 "Perfect storm" is right you really have a lot going on.  Big hugs to you as you heal from all of this.  I'm so happy you were victorious!
Thanks for reminding us that  the ditch is there . .You found a way through. Well done!
Congratulations.  Nicely done.
Congratulations.  On another note how was Russian Doll?  Tried one episode but did not grab me...Try a few more?
Hey happy for you :) I feel like getting past the big tough days is a milestone in itself. Also quitting drinking made me realize it's okay to be "selfish" sometimes... I didn't used to put myself first very often but it's really great that you're putting your sobriety as a priority and taking care of yourself and that you have a supportive husband. I bet your kids are so happy to see you sober too. Also ice cream is a like a secret weapon for me I swear haha &lt;3 happy you got through it I will not drink with you today either! xx
