-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amrpzj/just_some_thoughts_after_reaching_100/

It hasn't been easy especially during the holidays but I have been able to manage just fine. I've made it to some AA meetings and I intend on keeping that when my schedule allows. ..I think the key to success this time is not falling for the trap of thinking I can drink moderately. That's what causes me to fall every time. As an alcoholic the only option is abstinence...There have been some people that have been  disappointed  I am no longer drinking including my father. Dad and I haven't shared a moment without drinking in many years. He has even told me he's looking forward to the time I drink again. I hope that never happens. Unfortunately I may not see him as much as I used to until he accepts me how I am now. He lives in a different city so it's not too difficult to avoid him. ..My skin is much better. I am not as swollen as I used to. The finances are great. Not only do I save money on booze but there are countless unnecessary things I have bought while drunk. Drunk online shopping was a big problem. ..My marriage has never better. I didn't realize how much of an asshole alcohol made me. I help more around the house and I don't just sit in front of the tube drinking my life away while life goes on around me. My kids are seeing a happier me and I am breaking the cycle of alcoholism in the family that has gone on for generations. ..My depression is essentially non-existent. It was a vicious circle of drinking because I am depressed and being depressed because of drinking. My bloodwork looks awesome and I have lost almost 20 pounds. Turns out drinking not only has a lot of empty Calories but it also lowers your inhibitions which caused me to eat more than I should or eat things I normally wouldn't. ..This is nothing new to most of us out there. I have read many similar stories but I hope that it might be a reminder to some that are struggling that things are much better sober and it is not worth losing all that for one drink. ..IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the hund!  Great post!
Woohoo!  
Correct on the 'trap'.  I hope I never rationalize that I can drink in moderation. Fallacy.   I'd rather be more honest and say I can't be sober so I'm just going to drink.
Sounds awesome! Good for you!
