-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amug10/curious_for_your_thoughts/

I told a really good friend that I was 20 something days sober a few days back via text. For a bit of background she's heavily involved in AA. She's aware of my alcohol use and that it's something I struggle with. She responded to my text with  Interesting  I say what do you mean? She says  just interesting how are you feeling? To me I I'm thinking she'd be responding with Oh that's awesome! Proud of you or whatever. I ran this by another friend of mine and she says it's because of the AA thing. Like it's that way or no way. Like I'm a dry drunk as far as my AA friend is concerned. I find my AA friends response so dismissive. Thoughts? IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

I think that's no way for a good friend to respond.  
I don't know. I don't think dismissive is the only possible answer...I have been not drinking for a while now and I have a friend who really struggles with drinking who told me she was going to stop/slow down/do something and I really kind of struggled with how to be supportive. Like I didn't want to be overbearing or put any expectations out there. So I wasn't over the top about it...When people don't respond like I expect them to I try to stop and reconsider what my expectation is about. Usually it turns out my expectation is more about me and the other's person's part is more about them ... which is the opposite of how I think it is going to be when I have an expectation of someone else...Anyway nice work on 20 days!
As a supporter of AA and an atheistish buddhistish stoicy kind person who lives in a small town - i can't comment about her or AA as a whole - just do a lil defence of the program as a fluid (pun intended) set of grounded guidelines for living. ..Plus im super poor and it ticks all the boxes for free human contact with people trying to make a positive change. So i go. My brother is a gazillion years clean and sober and doesn't go. He has his supportive human contact needs met elsewhere. ..One of the founders said (1950ish pamphlet) that the buddhas precepts could be used together or as a replacement for the 12 steps). The thing was meant to be inclusive and tolerant from the start thats why they let women atheists and drug users in back in the day. So i go with that and ignore the small faction that human nature dictates will cling to "rules" outta fear. ..Anyways that's my rant on AA. I think it's the bomb and i don't know what's up with your mate - but you're doing bloody awesome to quit drinking. It's like the ultimate challenge in today's world - how to not harm ourselves and enjoy life! Good luck mate!! 
I've found most people I've told have had different responses to what I've expected. It's hard to navigate what people will say/think/act and I find that part most stressful about quitting. Good job on 20 days and keep it up. 
Actually I'm at 27 days!!! That's where I was when friend responded to my text in a very lame way! Lol
Ditch booze and no one will be prouder than you!
There's nothing wrong with asking her in person what she meant by 'interesting' or to express to her that you were a bit miffed by her response. She may have hoped to take you to a meeting or is not aware that AA isn't the only way to achieve sobriety. Who knows? I try to avoid filling in the blanks with regard to what other people are feeling/thinking. I can start to make up a story in my head that isn't even true. ..Sounds like you just wanted support and it didn't come to you in a way that was expected. Nothing wrong with saying that either just be responsible for the roll your own expectations played in how you are feeling now...I totally support you being sober now and congratulate you on your 27 days! Almost a month! Yeah!
My mind can take a little piece of data and run with it...It can twist it and distort it and produce rich background stories and assign meaning where none exist...I can then enlist others to give me opinions and insights and make attributions .....  and usually the other people weren't there they only hear my biased perspective and possibly just want to "validate me"...I did this often when I was drinking...If I read what is provided the friend said "interesting"...I get that the hope was that she should have provided some recognition and congratulations.  ..I see that she inquired "how are you feeling?"  Indicating an interest.  Leaving an opportunity for you to update and share what is going on.  ..These are the circuitous paths my mind will take...I find that texting is the least effective manner of communicating in this rank order:  text email voice/phone and in person...Texting is short does not convey tone or emphasis and is absent facial expression and body language...Words account for 10 -15% of a message.  Body language conveys up to 75% of a message...Rather than jump to conclusions and assign things to another person that may be untrue and may create confusion and resentment on my part I'd at least talk to the person by phone.  Better yet I'd see them in person and then I could get the whole message...&gt;I find my AA friends response do dismissive...Wow...Is it fair to your really good friend to gossip with a third party and jump to conclusions about "it's because of the AA thing" and "Like I'm a dry drunk".....  ?..
Oh... my friends and I use the word "interesting" to mean.... cool I find this interesting tell me more I'm excited and interested 
