-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an0kha/seven_days_two_obstacles_zero_drinks/

I had felt bad about drinking for a long time - It was a burden both physically and mentally. But I still kept drinking. 1 shot   of liquor in the morning a beer at lunch a couple before dinner and a lot of wine in the afternoon. I was fully functional in my daily activities but inside I was struggling. Constantly thinking of when I could take a drink and how I could hide it afterwards.  ...For months I could see and feel a heavy beer gut growing - My pants tightened and they almost felt like the manifestation of the alcoholic grip that I was damaging myself with. I knew my chosen road was bad and I had to make a u-turn. I just didn't know how... But then one day a complete stranger inspired me and started a lavine in my inner self...&amp;#x200B;..She didn't even know it. She was just sharing her own story. A story of succes and how much she had gained by becoming sober. It was here on Reddit. In another subreddit. She mentioned r/stopdrinking so I went here read a few stories and subscribed. I kept coming back - Reading your stories and saw how supportive you all were to eachother...&amp;#x200B;..I wasn't ready to stop but I knew it would come. The seed had been planted and I watered it with your good spirits...&amp;#x200B;..And so it was. Last monday 8 am the seed sprouted and I said to myself "No more poison this needs to stop - IWNDWYT!"  ...The first two days my mind felt like a rollercoaster. The world was spinning and my brain felt what a drunken bee must look like. Buzzing and turbulent. I was constipated and couldn't go to toilet which was almost a complete opposite of pre-drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..The third day I installed an app EasyquitDrinking - It's a colorful app that tells how many hours/days/weeks you stay sober and it rewards you with digital badges as you reach a milestone. It may sound silly but it works for me. I felt proud when it reminds me of my achievement. It gives me pride...&amp;#x200B;..Thursday I was attending a health debate conference with spokesmen from the county and motivational talk from elite athletes. I didn't think the least bit of alcohol until a lady in front of me got up to fetch a drink and returned with a beer. I was so surprised that I almost fell of my chair. Every single fiber in me wanted that beer and I looked at my associate whom I had told about my drinking problem - She took my hand and smiled "I am with you". I took a deep breath and forced my focus elsewhere...&amp;#x200B;..On the way home we spoke of the "beer incident" and how it had surprised me. I was proud that it hadn't thrown me off course and I stayed strong. I didn't drink that day!..&amp;#x200B;..Friday came the second obstacle. Every month I have a few old friends come by for dinner and sleepover. I cook some good food and we drink craft beer fine wine and cognac. Walks the whole thing off the following day talk about life and keep centuries of friendship in good spirit. I hadn't told them about my u-turn so I was kind of nervous to see their reaction. Not that they would ever abandon years of friendship - But you know... I just had a fear of showing my weakness.  My addiction.  ...They showed up as usual and I welcomed them with a beer and laughingly said that I wouldn't be drinking with them. They looked puzzled and almost didn't believe me until I continued my sentence "I think I might have a problem stopping". They hugged me and said it was all good... Then they all put down their beers and said "Then we will not drink either". We had a great dinner and continued the evening playing games - With no alcohol included...This continued saturday. No alcohol but lots of love!..&amp;#x200B;..Sunday - I woke up smiling. Determined to live life as it should be. Free of poison.  ...Now - Monday I count... Seven days - Two obstacles - Zero drinks!..\- - - - -  .Thank you r/stopdrinking and u/eat_me_now for sharing your spirit.  .And thank you for reading. IWNDWYT :)
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing work and what great friends you have!
Congrats friend! That first week is hard but so worth it. Kudo's to your friends...you are blessed to have such a group around you. Keep coming back. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Thank you for the wonderful story I'm so happy I helped you plant the seed. The rest was all you!   
