-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an0tyw/its_been_a_while_i_hit_my_rock_bottom_last_year/

I remember when I made my 6 month post early last year I was so proud. I made it half a year when previously I could barely make it half a day. I have to admit though I was just as terrified at 6 months than I was at 6 days. The anxiety the constant just.. FEELING. That shit is exhausting. ..I think my problem was I never truly identified the motive behind my behaviour. I got medicated for depression and anxiety because I assumed that is where it stemmed from. I opened up to my friends my family to my workplace to garner support for my struggle. I felt like I was making progress because I was taking action. That all fell a part mid-year...For the last half of 2018 I was in the deepest pit of depression I have ever felt. I cut off contact with all my support avenues in every capacity except for a fake version of myself shown to my friends and family when necessary. I threw myself into video games and uber eats barely leaving my apartment. I drank occasionally. Not much never more than one every few days. It didn't have the same hold over me as it used to and I can thank you legends for that. ..Ya know what triggered it? My stupid job. This job that I had held for 8 years that put me under so much stress. Daily anxiety over stupid shit waking up with dread waiting for something to change within my position but not actually doing anything to make the change. Making up every excuse under the sun as to why I had to keep that job like the money the resume it would give me not having skills in other fields. That job had been slowly killing me for years. The self care the amount of mending I needed to do after finally quitting in September last year... I hated myself and I needed to undo that hate...Fast forward to now. I am socialising again even INITIATING it (holy balls that is amazing for me). I am going for walks. I am brushing my hair daily. I can't remember the last drink I had maybe Christmas dinner? I just signed a contract for a new job and boy am I excited. I've bought a few jigsaw puzzles got a sit/stand desk and my new prescription glasses sorted. I am happy and I can see a future. I don't want to drink I don't care about it and I am not going to. I am not anxious. I have put back in place all the techniques and whatever you guys taught me last time around and I'm fucking stoked because this time IT ACTUALLY FEELS RIGHT. ..... Okay so I'm emotional because I just signed my work contract and this all came pouring out because I missed you guys and have for a while and I will be back here daily supporting you every chance I get. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on the new work assignment you got this !!
Welcome back friend. There seems to be many paths on this sober adventure. It seems as though you have found yours. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
HUGE HUGS OF JOY!!!  So glad you are back and doing so well.  You are inspiring.  I hope so much that your new job is better than your last.  I know how soul crushing the wrong job can be.  Keep us posted.  We are all here for you.  IWNDWYT.
Welcome back friend. I am glad you made it through.
Congrats on the work contract but more importantly for working on you.
