-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an7fvr/going_at_it_alone/

8 months ago I quit drinking after years of 12+ beer a night. Detoxrehab and a few physiologists later I'm still sober. I struggle with not drinking and turned to weed to help with being a downer dry drunk. Work recently tested me for weed and now my job is on the line. But hey I'm still not drinking ! I came here to just see what up and I read like 2 post and almost started crying.  You all seem very helpful and kind but the more I talk about being sober with other alcoholics the more it reminds me that I'm fucked and can't drink. I left rehab early for that reason. I just don't know if going at it alone is smart or not? Recently work cut back my duties for having thc in my system and the clouds are coming back. I try real hard to keep optimistic but man it can be tough doing this alone. Idk what the point of this is  maybe I'll stick around and see how it is here. Just wish I could get through a post and not tear up.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know. This is my first day here and what I'm loving about the community is that I'm not the only one who's gotten blackout drunk done something stupid destroyed a relationship. That comforts me. Doesn't make me feel alone or that I'm the only fuckup. ..I'm reading these at work too and crying. I think that crying is OK though. ..And I'm proud of you for being here. Thank you. 
Hey for me it's been strange going through this process. I feel like I need both: to go it alone everyday and choose life and all it's activities outside drinking and simultaneously to feel like part of an empathetic community where I can learn something and recognize others who have similar challenges. I need both parts! So here I am nearly 2 years into the latest phase of my journey and I'm here to listen and offer not to drink with you! Take care
[removed]
Well done on 8 months! Consider yourself a maverick leader. I get the feeling the tide will soon turn and a lot more people will be joining the sober crowd. You're not alone with turning to weed it is mentioned fairly often here but sorry to hear about the consequences. It would be nice to be able to tell a boss: *hey look I smoked pot. So what there's traces in my system. If I came in here on a hangover from last night I'd be twice as dangerous and unproductive as hell*.
I dont know...my addiction has made it pretty lonely for me....no S.O. 1 or 2 friends for which I am grateful for but still sometimes need a break from them. I guess to add anything to what you are saying.....its good to have options...I like being by myself at this early stage of me quitting my addiction due to mood swings and things like that...however I do wish I could talk to someone a woman or a friend sometimes....lol..
Lol...hey whatever works for you..I'm not really a video game person but I'm glad you have that option..:)
Refuge Recovery is helping me figure out what is behind the drinking and smoking for me the stuff that makes me want to use. And then it is helping me overcome it. I super recommend it to anyone. It's super chill and meditation-based.
