-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ana07j/struggling_hard/

I'm not seeking attention I just reeeally need to vent! I feel like everything in my life is falling apart in the last 6 months I found out my dad is slowly losing his battle to cancer I've been diagnosed with a rare cancer my relationship is falling to hell my car is an endless money suck my job has messed me around every single week to the point where I don't even know if I'm employed or not each week I can't afford to move out of the house that I'm living in which is falling apart at the seems and today I'm taking my dog to the vet for a lump and I am wholly prepared to not hear good news because that's how things seem to be going right now. ..I'm just over 10 months sober and I feel like that is all I have going for me in this life. .I will not drink today. But I really really need a break soon or I don't know what I'm going to do. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you have so much on your plate right now ...Wish I could give you a hug xx
You have a lot to deal with. I can't imagine all of that at once. My heart goes out to you.
Fuck. Cancer...You must be so stressed. Keep your head up. I wish you the best of luck and hopefully some things go your way soon!
Hey Rainbow goly I am sorry to hear all of that. You don't have to say you are not seeking attention at the beginning of your posts. We are here to hear your hardships and offer support (even if our presence is all we have to offer)..Not sure the right words but I hope you are comforted soon. .IWNDWYT
Sometimes it's just nice to have others acknowledge that the situation sucks at the moment which it sounds like it does and I'm sorry. As far as job are you in a position to look for a new one? Is your cancer one with treatment options? Do you have someone who can help you with home repairs? Just trying to be "solution oriented" as my mother always says. Lol. I wish you the best of luck regardless! IWNDWYTD
I pray for you my friend.IWNDWYT 
There has to be some good somewhere what you've already accomplished is so healthy and positive. The place of not knowing about the job whether you are or aren't employed on the daily is really hard. It's maddening. You might find yourself on the other side of it not being employed by that employer and be glad for it. There are other jobs.
Oh wow. That's alot to deal with. I'm so sorry things are so hard right now. I'm proud of you for taking all this on clear headed. I sincerely hope things start to look up for you soon. Iwndwyt. 
that sucks man but you know what is weird/fucked up sometimes i daydream about being in such a hard position as you JUST so that i can justify picking up again. i'm not sure why or how we're dealt the cards we're dealt but clearly you're a strong person and can get through this. life can be so fucked up. im not sure any of it makes sense. but i am sure that every night/day i get drunk i miss out on it. cuz i don't see hear or say a GD thing that doesn't have to do with getting more alcohol or staying as drunk as I can...&amp;#x200B;..i don't know if any of that made sense
I'm so sorry for all you're going through. Gathering up my most positive energies and sending them your way.
