-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anbqro/as_hard_as_i_try_i_cant_stop_relapsing/

I've had an issue with drinking for about 10 years now. I don't drink everyday and recently I maybe drink once a month if that. I realised my drinking had become a problem about a year ago and since then I have been actively trying to cut down. My problem is once I start I find it difficult to stop. I recently had a 3 month period sober and it was the best I'd felt physically in years but I can't seem to maintain prolonged sobriety. I've just come out of a horrendous 2 day hangover where obviously I've been horrendously anxious and ill. The problem is when I stop drinking my mental health goes somewhat south and although I feel anxious the first few days after drinking after those few days I get somewhat a relief from the anxiety. Has anyone else had an issue with this? Alcohol is beginning to become some kind of a devilish infliction and I don't want it in my life anymore but the thought of never drinking again scares me also. I've decided I'm definitely giving myself another month off to start with and I'm going to try and continue from that month but I find if I set too long a target I just break it. I guess my purpose of being here is can anyone give me some tips? Thanks for reading! 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi all of the emotions ups and downs and internal conflict you are experiencing are explained really well and comprehensively in This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. It completely changed my perspective by the time I had read it and the good thing is that you can start to read it while you are still drinking so you don't have to procrastinate because you are  not ready yet'! Hope this helps. IWNDWYT!
My mental health went somewhere south before I quit drinking. Alcohol is a depressant and causes increased anxiety. Why we are even allowed to buy this poison really bewilders me. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Hi u/otess! I relapsed more times than I can count. Eventually I figured out that if I wanted to be sober I had to change the way I looked at things. I figured out that the only time I need to worry about not drinking is Right Now. Right Now is all I have - a month from now doesn't exist except in my head and when it arrives it will be Right Now too. So I started to focus on Now no goals no regrets not worrying about yesterday or tomorrow...Well now I'm pushing 2 years and that's still the way it is. I haven't made a decision to not drink for the rest of my life I've just decided to not drink today - and I've made that decision for 700-something days now. It's an easier decision now than it used to be because I value sobriety so much that drinking can't really compete as an option. But it's still a decision each day...Just for today just for right now I'll happily join you and stay sober.    
In SMART Recovery they suggest to people who are not ready to commit to abstinence for whatever reason to do precisely what you are planning:  commit to a period of abstinence but in the back of your mind leave the door open to recommitting at the end of the period.  You will make the decision towards the end of your current commitment.  The key word being commit.  ..Never again forever etc. can be intimidating concepts.  Breaking the time period down into chewable chunks like one month can help make a difficult task easier.  We don't have to worry about "next year."  We just have to concern ourselves with today.  ..Regarding coping with anxiety SMART has a lot of tools etc. to help address anxiety as well.  Maybe take a look at their website to learn more.  It's very easy to start SMART.  All you need is their workbook.  
