-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anbqwl/35_days_sober_and_struggling/

Not drinking doesn't make me feel any happier or better off. My skin doesn't look any different. My mood hasn't changed. ..The only benefits I've seen are a lack of bloat and more money in the bank. ..My brain keeps saying  you got this.  As in I feel like I can handle my consumption. Like I can drink like a normal person. Maybe just pick up one every day after work or less. ..I have said that to myself a million billion times before and eventually it always becomes a problem of excess where  it's the weekend  or  I'm at a bar/party/brewery!  And then I'm shitfaced and stupid...Aside from saving money (kind of. I'm buying up  cans upon cans of La Croix) and not being quite as fat it's not really improving my life. And I HATE having things off limits-it makes me want to do it more. ..I feel like the only thing keeping me from drinking at this point is the idea of throwing my 35-day sobriety achievement into the trash. ..My partner still drinks 2 or 3 beers every night also and it's grating. ..Any advice or words of wisdom? It bothers me how much of a big deal I'm making out of a drink? Like if it was Hi-C and I was having moral dilemmas about buying some and needed a sobriety counter for it wouldn't that be insane? So I obviously have a problem right? So I need to quit even though I don't want to at all. ..I don't even know what I'm saying. Maybe I just needed to rant. Just the idea of one more thing I have to exercise constant self-control over in my life makes me exhausted. ..Steuggling today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Rant away that's what we're here for!..35 days sober is a fantastic start but it's far too soon to expect to feel 100% recovered... it takes a long time to undo the mental physical and emotional damage from *years* of boozing.....I found that there were lots of ups and downs over the first 3/6/9 months and it was hard to see much progress day-to-day... looking back month-to-month though it was much easier to notice the difference... posting a lot here so that I had something to look back on really helped!..I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Practically everyone with a quality long-term recovery will tell you that it gets better and it's worth it in the long run and it's the truth... it's not easy to believe that when you're going through the doldrums of early sobriety but have faith!..Hang in there and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
IWNDWYT
&gt;Not drinking doesn't make me feel any happier or better off. ..&gt; it always becomes a problem of excess [...] And then I'm shitfaced and stupid...How can those statements go together? Or does being 'shitfaced and stupid' not impact your happiness at all?..If drinking doesn't make your life worse then you have no reason to not drink really. For most of us here drinking measurably made us worse. It's your decision. You don't need to give up drinking just because you think you should. Imo you should explore the reasons why you want to stop in more detail. You say that stopping drinking hasn't improved your life so why stop? What did you expect or want from sobriety? Try to get to the root of the issue.
Congratulations on your 35 days! It's still early. The first 90 days were always full of ups and downs for me. At 90 days I got cocky and was like "I can do this I can drink like a normal person now." I went out and bought beers but just couldn't bring myself to drink them. Still going strong and I'm so grateful for sobriety!..I highly recommend doing research into alcohol use disorder and addiction. I have read a couple dozen books and it helped shift my perspective. I also recommend using sobriety as a chance for you to work on yourself. Sobriety itself is a gift but if a person isn't using it as an opportunity to do the things they need/want to do then it could be seen as a struggle. ..I don't look at sobriety as something I HAVE to do. It's something I GET to practice. It has changed my life. It's not all roses but every challenge is much easier to tackle. Good luck! IWNDWYT
I went through the "pink cloud" to the "grey muck" and I feel like I'm coming out of it slightly now. ..For me when I'm feeling blah about sobriety I think on what my life would look like if I was still drinking...that gives me needed perspective. I'd be hungover bloated feeling like shit like I was rotting on the inside anxious full of shame. I'd be living in the fog. ..I have a list I wrote when I first got sober about all the reasons why I wanted to quit. I reread that often. I also listen to podcasts. I swear there is a podcast for every feeling and situation in sobriety! ..Hang in there iwndwy
