-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/and5ka/a_bit_saddened_by_mentors_response/

I have a professional colleague who over the past 16 years have formed a very good friendship at work.  Yesterday I felt that I would finally reach out to him about my drinking problem and my sobriety mission.  ..Unfortunately he completely dismissed the danger of alcohol and that it was a normal to drink daily and heavily...I am completely taken aback and not sure who I can rely on in person in my sober life.  Spouse is helpful but dismissive that I should quit forever...Thank you /r/stopdrinking for always having an ear and open arms to those struggling.  As I witness daily acts of kindness and support here I am strengthened to win this battle.
----------immediate responses--------

That's disappointing. And common. My own husband did not really believe I have a problem. Still doesn't really get it and we have a pretty good relationship! ( I have been more of a hiding wine and having a half to whole bottle 4-5 nights a week type so not a fall down/ hang over type but certainly dysfunctional and on my way down hill. Easy to seem like not a big deal but was compulsive so absolutely is addiction.) I think it's two things. Some people don't want to acknowledge the problems of people they are close to because it calls them out on their own addiction or misuse. But other people simply don't want to see the person they care about as having a weakness or a flaw. I believe my husband is like that because who wants the wife they adore to have a problem. Better to deny that she does. I bet your work colleague doesn't want to view you as a person with  a problem  since it may seem weak or like a huge change. When we see this we realize that that person is not ready to be a support. It's disappointing but understandable.  They care but are not ready to be help. 
My expectations that my family and friends could relate to what I'm going through always fell short and made me feel a bit hopeless and alone.  Not a good place to be when you are trying to break the cycle of alcohol addiction.  ..The relapse stories here for me are often heartbreaking to read but at least I know that there are people in this world who know how I feel how hard this is...And I think we all know how dangerous it is to drink daily and/or heavily.  I suspect he is in a personal state of denial...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
A few thoughts. Telling people specifically how they can support me at the current time tends to get better results for me. Sometimes the weird  responses I get when asking others for help is a reflection of their anxiety about not knowing how to help. When I tell them exactly how they can be helpful this tends to decrease and I find folks way more willing to support. I remember telling my dad I needed to stop smoking and him responding similarly to your boss.  It wasnt that he wanted me to smoke just that he didn't want me hating on myself and so thought his comments were being supportive . The 2nd thought that comes to mind is scale. It's hard for us to digest the idea of someone stopping  forever. I find telling others I need to and want their support to make a change "for now" is easier for folks to get behind and then as changes continue and benefits start showing it's easier to continue supporting that. 
I had an exact opposite situation. A very good friend told me she had had a complete month without a single drop of alcohol inspired by me. And she felt great. It made me so happy!..In general though I don't tend to share my plans not to drink. For some reason I'm kind of concerned about people's reactions. However I would expect support from my superiors at work. 
Sad... I think many of my drinking friends would be the same way. Them with their red faces bulging eyes &amp; looking like they just got drug up outta the road or something. They are rationalizing it too though. I used to spend at least $20/day at the bar with them. Personally I can no longer rationalize that! I have enough money to pay all my bills on time &amp; don't have to worry as much about surprise or big once every 3 month bills anymore. 
I've struggled with the same issue telling a few trusted folks I'm an alcoholic/quit drinking and they're like "lol no you're not. Just drink less moderate". I think for those of us who haven't gotten a DUI or lost a job or something it's hard for people to really see our drinking as a problem. ..I quit without AA but yesterday really started to rethink that decision. I had a fight with my bf and started talking about how frustrated I was that he didn't give me credit for how hard I've worked to improve my life over the last year and how I haven't had anything to drink in 9 months. And he was like what's the big deal with that why do I need to congratulate you? I need to pat you on the back for that? At first I was pissed then realized since I never talk about alcohol with him he has no idea that it's a challenge for me at all. It's as if I asked for accolades for not stomping on a kitten daily.  And I want him to think of me as strong and disciplined. I don't want him to think of me as struggling so I decided I should seek out some people who understand where I'm coming from and open up to them look for support from them.  We need people on this journey and I haven't really let people in so that's something I need to change. ..I don't know if my ramblings help at all... Just know that even without the support you hope for you can stop. I'm 9 months sober and only told 3 or 4 people plus my therapist all of whom said oh come on you're not an alcoholic so I can never have a glass of wine with you?
Quit forever + stay the course= lovin life.G luck.Iwndwyt
I'm sorry you got that reaction unfortunately society has everyone duped pretty good. If I talk about alcohol with people outside of here it's really awkward. And kind of tiring because I'm sick of explaining the same logical fallacies or myths over and over again to different people. Like shit. Can we all just get on the same page regarding alcohol and addiction here. It's an addictive poison full stop. And just because you only drink beer doesn't mean you can't be an addict...don't even get me started on the word 'alcoholic'.
My SO is dismissive as well. She has offered to buy me beer a few times hinted we go out and drink a few times. She doesn't drink often and I don't think she grasps how I am feeling. I hear ya man. Its hard to open up about it when you know people are going to brush it off and harass you about not drinking with them. 
IWNDWYT
Stay strong friend.Ilike everyone here get it.I understand what alcohol was doing to us.I understand why we needed to quit. I didnt understand until I quit.It is very difficult for others to get it.Its just a part of this whole gig we find ourselves in. I will not drink with you today.  
Just rely on yourself to know deeply what's good for you.  Plenty of brilliant and beautiful people will never understand b the struggle. 
Normal drinkers don't get it. Problem drinkers are often in denial. 
Everyone is fooled by alcohol.- we are all conditioned to drink it - it's all very sad :-( 
Not everyone will understand addiction.  Most people want to believe alcohol is safe. Your mentor dismissed your problem so he doesn't have to look at himself.
Most people don't believe alcohol is a dangerous drug the way we understand it to be...In my experience I've only told a few trusted people but nobody is really receptive to the "alcohol is bad" message. They are much more receptive to the "I'm making positive changes for my health" message...I've found that if I open with "alcohol is bad" the conversation devolves into all the reasons why it's not and it's just not a productive conversation...If I open with "I'm making this change" people are far more interested in what I hope to achieve and how I plan to do it making it easier to express the kind of support I might need.
I'm sorry to hear that.  It's difficult when the closest people don't take you too seriously when you think you have a problem...If you really think you have a problem seek some sort of sober help (for your own sobriety's sake)...I know AA does sort of get knocked around here a lot but if you live in a somewhat populated area try a few meetings and pick one that suits you best.  If anything try and find someone who is sober for awhile to at least have as an outlet for when you need it.  ..As for your colleague you can be disappointed but don't be mad or throw away the relationship...unless they actively pressure you to drink when you've told them you have a problem.  
It's surprising when you discover who will support you in your sobriety and it's surprising to learn who won't support you.
I think if you look at it at the point of view 'Are they protecting their own alcoholism?' then you will never be surprised. It is not our job to diagnose any one but ourselves. I think back to when people would broach the subject of my drinking problem and I would brush it off as normal or justify it 'I'm a Sommelier'. I had an ex girlfriend tell me 'You said if this ever became an issue that you'd stop' and I shrugged 'I'll die drinking'. If he has an issue himself there will be dismissive and defensive behaviour when you try to speak to him about it. These are the kind of topics that are essential to building a support community around yourself with a different kind of mentor like a sponsor. In early sobriety we are eager to share our experience and our new found hope of living differently with everyone but a lot of people aren't interested or don't need to hear or our protecting their own drinking issues. I also have a life mentor but I don't discuss my drinking with him much but I do have a sponsor that understands fully. Just because you are sober doesn't mean you need to share that and burden everyone around you with the weight of your sobriety. Go to a meeting and see if it works for you. Get a sponsor. It's basic stuff that works. Cheers!
I am of a mind to never drink again but I don't say that. If asked the forever question I say I enjoy being sober and I am not ready to drink yet. Nobody has dug deeper than that.
They may be correct that it is normal and accepted to drink daily and heavily in our society. That still doesn't change the scientific and medical fact that it is very bad for you. 
When I mentioned to my attorney who handled my DUI five years ago that I had stopped drinking she said "You mean you don't drink AT ALL anymore?" She went on to say that she liked the taste of wine too much not to drink. The difference is that she doesn't have a problem.  Unfortunately we can't expect people who don't have a problem (or at least don't realize they do) to necessarily understand and support us. We have to find people who do. That's why this site is so important. Congrats on almost a month!!
Alcohol in society is seen as a remedy for a days ills. It is the tonic that washes away the stress of a long hard day of pretending to work while surfing Reddit. Most people have seen at one time or another a sign or poster in a home or store espousing "it's five o'clock somewhere" or "wine is life". The pervasive nature of alcohol in society is an evil unto itself and the way that most people look at and see alcohol is all kinds of messed up. I hate to say this but like most of the comments on here I too have found this culture has permeated most of my friends and family who look at me like I'm a crazy person for going 5 months without a drink. But I know better. You know better. We know what it can do has done and will do again. We know the pain the sorrows and the self hatred. We know the hell that the drink brings with it. We also know how incredible life is once we have freed ourselves from the shackles of shots. It is a difficult moment for you surely but perhaps that person can be a mentor for you in other aspects of your life. No one person can fill the role of savior for every aspect of your life. For me I get the support of my gf who constantly tells me how proud of me she is for my sobriety. From my parents I get x my boss I get y friends and others I get z. ..So there it is it's not really advice or anything you don't already know. Your life is yours to make and shape now in any way you want. Don't rely on any one person to give you everything you need. I'm sorry that you are going through this but know that we are all here to back you up and support you in any way we can. IWNDWYT! Good luck and keep it one day at a time.
Please try not to take it personally.  People who has not walked in the dark valley of alcoholism usually cannot recognize or understand the dark and windy path. It has nothing to do with you.
I think when we stop drinking our friends family etc who drink are forced to look at thier drinking. We all know how much denial we get in with drinking so the cognstive dissonance is strong with them. My husband us one of these people I learned early on to embrace this path as MY path. Hang in there friend. Iwndwy
As others have said this kind of response is common. Aside from the fact that someone else who engages in constant heavy drinking themselves may also have a problem most people simply cannot conceive of what it's like...It's pretty normal too when you think about it. For someone whose brain doesn't go haywire when they add alcohol they just don't have the right frame of reference to understand...It may sound counterintuitive but it helps to be understanding of *them* and to put yourself in their shoes. For one it'll keep your relationship with them even and two it'll help you to stay firm in your own decisions when you begin to see that their advice of moderation (or even continuing heavy drinking) is completely off the mark - because they are giving advice to you as if you were a totally different kind of person.
This thread has been so helpful for me today. .  I find myself in a frustrating gray area wherein my relationship with alcohol was unhealthy but I remained functional. Because I wasn't getting obliterated daily or blacking out as a matter of course my husband doesn't see it as a problem. I  attend an AA meeting lately and it feels like members there though supportive are projecting a much deeper dependency onto me   like yelling me I must come daily. But I don't. I've even said to them what I'm doing is working for me. I don't want to be rude because I know they are saying to me what would have been helpful to them at the beginning of their sobriety but I'm in this weird place where it seems ppl either minimize or maximize my problem with booze and I'm the only one who sees it for what it is. .  It's just surprising to me to realize how much I am unintentionally misinterpreted even when I'm trying to be an open book.  .  I did however mention aa and my sobriety to a friend yesterday and she wants to get together more because she and her husband are cutting back too (they thought our whole friend group still had alcohol at all functions and didn't want to seem weird.      I assured her I'd have ginger ale with them at the parties and it'd be fine).  
We're here for you! It is important it is worthwhile and you can do it!
My family also sort of believes that I don't really have a problem because I am not lying in a gutter somewhere. I just think it is a weird measure of their love that they don't see the struggle and the damage they are in denial I guess. Sounds like your colleague may also have a similar issue with alcohol and doesn't want to see it. Do you go to any meetings or anything? I am not the hugest AA fan but it can help to get out and be with people who get it. Stay strong!
I've found that almost everyone who doesn't have a drinking problem/is an alcoholic simply does not understand why it's so hard to 'just have two drinks'. I hear that comment all the time. ' Well you don't have to quit FOREVER... just quit for a while and then just have a beer or two once in a while like we do. What's  the problem?'..Well friend... the problem is that I have zero interest in having one (or two) beers. I want 10 pints and maybe some more. I drink to get drunk not to just aimlessly sip on it and get a weird half buzz. If I wanted something to just sip on I'd have a soda or a coffee or tea... This is what "normal drinkers" seem to not understand. Alcoholics don't WANT to moderate they want to get absolutely hammered every time they drink.
Sorry you had to hear that. It helps to remember that you are doing this for YOU - YOUR sanity YOUR health. Your best version of you depends on your sobriety - that is what I have found in my experience. Find a support structure outside of work and home if you can - this sub helps. Therapy/SMART/AA meetings are some that work for me. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry you got that reaction. I've started to reconsider who I want to share my sobriety with because of similar let downs. In the end I know other people's reactions shouldn't matter but I'm really invested in them. My inner child wants a hug and to hear how proud others are of me. ..I told my father and his reaction has been to send me a daily Snapchat from the bar to tempt me. It's usually a glass of wine but sometimes a cocktail. He's an alcoholic so it makes sense. But still. Not exactly the reaction I was hoping for. .
Get rid of that person in your life. If you're serious about not drinking someone like that with their little voice in your head saying "drinking isn't dangerous daily drinking is normal" will eventually break you down...He clearly doesn't understand and that's not a healthy person to be around in sobriety..I've cut people out and avoided situations to make the beginning as easy on my mental health as possible. In my case at least after getting past the first month it gets easier and I am able to put myself back into situations where other people are drinking and I'm not even tempted because I don't want to lose my streak...Stay strong and positive iwndwyt
I can only assume your mentor drinks daily and heavily. There is nothing normal about it. If alcohol were invented today it would be a a schedule I drug right next to heroin. High incidence of addiction the numerous medical side effects and zero medicinal value. ..Your mentor may not want to portray his own weakness. 
It's one of the funniest things that boggles my mind! ..Start talking to a vegan about nutrition and forget it you will not win. It is proven that humans can survive eating meat not that there is anything wrong with vegan diets. ..Talk to someone who is doing keto/low carb and say you need carbs for performance never mind. ..Anyways I am just trying to illustrate that this topic (nutrition/drink/etc.) is such a heating topic. ..Someone who drinks is not the best place to lean for support unfortunately. There are tremendous benefits to not drinking which overwhelmingly shadow and reason to even drink socially. ..Are you a leader or a follower? You may need to change your own mentality and grab the bull by its horns! :-) 
I found the same thing in my personal and professionsl life when it came time to stop. But my path is my path and it can only be walked by me so here I am almost 17 years later. And them? Who knows they went by the wayside long ago. 
Find a new mentor. 
I'm sorry that happened but don't be discouraged. There ARE people out there who understand how big of a problem alcohol can be even without having a problem of his or her own. Keep looking for like-minded people who support you and your path maybe even looking for people with similar hobbies. ..Know that you are making the best decision for you and those who judge it might feel defensive. But their defensiveness has nothing to do with you. 
The only person you need to rely on in sobriety is yourself because it is your issue and therefore your responsibility...Do this for you and try to focus on that instead of trying to make others understand the dangers that you have with alcohol. Not everyone has a problem with drinking and even if they do you should really only be concerned with yourself not trying to impose your views on others. If they ask about something go for it but this dismissal by your mentor should not be taken personally. ..I have friends who drink and will never understand what I go through. My spouse is sober and has always been. She's super supportive but at the end of the day it's not about her and her understanding my addiction it's about healing myself. All she needs to know is that I don't drink plain and simple. (1500 days - we started dating 3 years ago so she has never even seen me glance at a drink)..We're here for you. There are communities of people who understand exactly what you are going through and are here to help. I would start there if you want to reach out to people and gain support. The people who have been through what you are going through and can provide insight and experience are of way more value then those who are living life without this same concern. ..All the best and we're here for you. Talk things out with the community and try to talk about work with work people friendship stuff with friendship people etc. You've made the life change not them. They can still have the same relationship with you as before without you drinking. If they cannot then cut them out but don't make them into your drug counselors.
