-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anehpc/powerless_over_food/

In 2008 I quit smoking because I couldn't cut back no matter how hard I tried. Nine years later I quit drinking for the same reason. Now about 20 months sober I find that I have a similar struggle with food. But as I don't have a death wish I can't just quit eating food. Nevertheless I find myself unable to resist junk food: Oreos and chocolate chip cookies at AA meetings pints of ice cream consumed in one sitting pizza and wings at parties and bagels slathered with cream cheese...It isn't a crisis yet and I'm still lighter than I was when I drank. But it worries me. Have any of you figured out a way to eat like a normal healthy person? 
----------immediate responses--------

I find myself playing addiction whack a mole. Can't drink alcohol? Fine! Waste 4 hours refreshing reddit. Drink a quad latte and another one in the afternoon and tea all day. Sugar binge and fill up so I don't want to eat real meals. Smoke buckets of weed...I wish I had some insight on what to do about it but I'm still working on it. I try to at least focus my addiction gremlin onto the least harmful things.
I eat a ton all the time. I second the other response about eating so many snacks I dont eat real meals. Unfortunately I'm at the heaviest I have been since right after I had my child 7 years ago. I don't have any advice. Wish I did. 
What timing! I just started a This Naked mind podcast last night where she had a guest on talking about the diet/binge cycle people have with food. Might be worth a listen. It's episode 145
If you eat to compensate that's stuff in your mind you have to sort out. But if it's (at least partially) hunger and appetite try r/keto. I tried all sorts of stuff including all those  normal  diets keto is by far the easiest to stay on it down regulates your appetite that you have to encourage yourself to eat. .I'm down over 60kg from my alcoholic days
I like to weigh myself every morning and put the weight on a calendar.  I also write down what I eat on a notepad and calories whenever possible.  ..That whole process just holds me accountable.  It also lets me see how many calories in a day I need to lose or maintain weight.  I still eat pizza wings subs and burgers.  If I pig out for lunch that is the last thing I eat all day.  On Superbowl Sunday I ate too much so I ate less than 1000 calories the following day.
Try eating Keto one meal a day. It's really easy to stick to. 
I've started fasting.  It's really helped with all my cravings.   /r/fasting
This is called  addiction drift ; essentially your brain has a reward center run on dopamine. Things that give you pleasure give you a hit of dopamine. Your brain feels good. It's a temporary reprieve from stress boredom anxiety whatever. When you give up the thing you self-medicate with your brain searches for something else to substitute in something else to trigger the dopamine response and make you feel good temporarily. This is why it's common for former alcoholics to smoke former smokers to eat candy etc. ..Rachel Hart's podcast Take a Break From Alcohol goes over this in many episodes. Check out The One You Feed podcast episode Addiction And The Craving Mind. I also found Robert Lustig's The Hacking of the American Mind interesting. There's more I can't find off the top of my head but look into writing on the dopamine and serotonin systems of our brain CBT around pleasure-seeming behaviors self-numbing behaviors etc. Essentially the techniques to say no to a drink and accept whatever your current emotional state is are applicable to anything we use to soothe or numb. 
as other people have mentioned this addiction drift might be something to discuss with a professional.
I started r/ketogains and r/keto a year ago...Intermittent fasting too...Started listening to Joe Rogan podcast with guests on the topic of Keto:   ..[http://podcasts.joerogan.net/podcasts/mark-sisson](http://podcasts.joerogan.net/podcasts/mark-sisson):..It has been a sucessful change for me for improved long term health...&amp;#x200B;
For me it's 1 battle at a time. I have a bit over 1.5 years sober and carrying around an extra 25 pounds. On a 5'10  frame it's a bit much but I get tons of exercise and am healthy. I'll work on the weight when I'm 100% comfoin sobriety. 
This!! I'm also recently trying to re-vamp my diet and exercise routine. At first I was indulging shamelessly in my other cravings through the reasoning "at least it's not drinking". But I was just giving in to my impulses from a different category...While trying not to obsess overall I'm trying to simply be more mindful in my choices and when facing cravings for anything at all. ..Ex: When I suddenly really want to have a late night handful of cookies from the package in the kitchen I try to take some mindfulness moments and really think "Why do I suddenly want those? Is it because I just walked by and saw they were there? Am I having some kind of change in energy or sugar levels from exercising earlier? What would happen to how badly I seem to want these cookies if I had a cup of Sleepytime tea first and then re-evaluated?". 8 to 9 times out of 10 this approach has helped me with alcohol cravings (my partner still has alcohol in the house) and the subsequent food cravings I've been having. I was hesitant at first to hardcore cut myself off from all my impulses but I guess that really is the overall goal here. The mindfulness approach has been insightful for me and has helped me feel like I'm not even really missing out on anything...Sorry this comment got so long lol. It was helpful for me to think through and write out what I've been working on so thank you! IWNDWYT
Not powerless. Ffs
I definitely need to tackle this next. 
