-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anhpeh/wanting_it_vs_working_for_it/

I know I'm not the only one. I know that many of you have experienced the ambivalence of decoding to quit drinking. And through that ambivalence I know I cannot be the only one who keeps/kept giving in. ..In 2018 I almost lost my family; my husband my kids the respect and understanding of my parents. I almost lost my career and if it weren't for addiction being seen as a legitimate illness I definitely would have lost it. ..Literally from January to December 2018 was definitely one of the worst years of my and my family's life.  Because of the choices I made driven by my drinking. ..Despite the heartbreaking experiences of the past year I still choose to drink. I honestly can't think of a logical reason why. ..I have not suffered a traumatic event; I was not abused or neglected as a child. The worst of it was that I grew up in an alcoholic home. But I refuse to allow that to be an excuse. I have a wonderful husband great kids and a stable home. I cannot for the life of me figure out what  drives me to drink  apart from my obsessive desire to control consumption (doesn't AA say that's the great obsession of every alcoholic?). ..I do not believe that a person needs to hit  rock bottom  before deciding to get sober. If that were true many of you would not be sober today.  Rock bottom  is subjective; what's bad for you might not be bad for me and vice versa. Which gets me wondering why is it that some can stop without hitting the deepest low bottom that others have experienced? ..Sorry for rambling. This is in no way a pity post; I am not asking for sympathy. I just *know* that I can't be the only one who struggles/struggled with quitting for this long. I have been  trying  for the past 2 years to stop. Most attempts have been much more genuine than recent. Currently I cannot say that I am trying very hard. But the idea and goal of quitting is always on my mind; daily; each and every time I go to the liquor store. I know the job that needs to get done but I just don't know HOW to do  the work .  I'm just baffled why can't I get it to stick???  .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend. When I first found this site a couple of books were recommended to me that made a huge difference to my mindset about alcohol in my life. This Naked Mind by Annie Grace and Alcohol Explained by William Porter. A major change in mindset happened and today I am grateful to know that I do have a choice. Keep coming back as this is truly a place filled with encouragement understanding and wisdom. Stay strong! Peace
I don't how to stick to it I wish I did. Know that you're not alone though. It's too easy to find an excuse sometimes and to pass the blame onto someone or something else "I wasn't gonna drink but that now I've had an argument with someone I need to calm down and relax. I'll start again tomorrow" "tomorrow... Tomorrow definitely tomorrow"..This is me every single day. I'm aware it's wrong I'm aware I need to stop I'm aware I tell myself repeatedly "I have to stop doing this". I'm aware of everything I could lose and I hate myself for drinking. Sometimes I'll start a drink and then throw it away only to be in the shop an hour later...I don't have any advice but rest assured I know how hard it is I know how crappy it feels I know how scary it is and I know you're in and out of hating yourself for it all. You're not alone though. 
It's been helpful for me to think of my attempts as "practice" rather than black and white success or failure. I know that approach may be the absolute opposite of helpful for some. But for me every day I don't drink is solid practice towards my ultimate goal of stopping drinking. At the most difficult moments even turning down that first drink hour by hour counts as good practice for what I'm working towards. ..I had 70 days before the holidays that I'm still sad about losing. But I try to focus on those 70 days as great (and successful!) practice that I was able to put in towards my goal. I'm about 20 days in this round and I do feel like all that practice has built upon itself and has helped this go-around feel easier. ..Keep practicing and reflect on each success of yours no matter how minor it may seem. Positive change takes practice and doesn't magically happen overnight. I will practice not drinking with you today!
I can so relate to your story. I have also been "trying" for the past 2 years. I know I need to stop but there is some unknown evil entity that flips my mindset each evening to completely forget why I should. I think the answer for us is to get that part that wants to stop strong enough to battle that part that keeps up drinking. How do we do that I honestly don't know. I just know right now in this moment I truly want to stop. I am struggling also and the only support I can offer you is to say you are not alone. 
I have been exactly where you are. As you probably know there are a million ways to be an alcoholic. Just drinking too much or too often can lead down that road and once you are there it doesn't matter so much how you got there just how you are going to get out. I woke up every day for DECADES telling myself I needed to quit drinking for myself my husband my kids but alcohol is tricky and it kept me in its spell. For me I just had to really come clean make the decision make a commitment with myself and my family that I was going to get clean or go to rehab. Sites like this one were crucial for me and any other support system you have.
I have been trying for the last two years. Each relapse showed me how fast things get terrible again. I think I needed those reminders. The relapses are what made me so focused this time. I went from not wanting to drink to absolutely despising alcohol. It made my life hell and the world is a much uglier place because it is so commonplace. I can't fix society's obsession with this drug but I can make sure that I never touch it again...This time around is my time. I relapsed in the past but never forgot my goal is to never drink. You said that quitting is always in the back of your mind at all times. I recognize those thoughts too. It sounds like your time will come eventually as long as you never lose those thoughts from your mind.
There are many misconceptions about alcoholism. One is that alcoholics have a deep-seated reason to drink. Like a traumatic event. That isn't true. Coming from an alcoholic home indicates you may have a genetic pre-disposition to alcohol addiction. ..I go to AA like millions of others. Working the steps is the work of getting and staying sober. It is all outlined in the Big Blue book of alcoholics anonymous. You can download a free copy to your phone. Rock bottom is a myth everyone decides to get sober for their own reasons. ..What drives you to drink is your addiction to alcohol. Quitting is hard and it helps to have support and help. This is a well trodden path so you can learn from those of us who are doing it. 
