-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anuui8/feeling_of_boredom/

Maybe many of us have this feeling that the evenings without drinking are (at least a little bit) boring. I know it is an illusion that interesting things are happening while drinking. I don't mean meetings with friends and parties here just regular evenings at home. Does this feeling ever disappears? What is your experience or opinion? I often think that I am making a kind of compromise to have a "boring" evening today in order to have a productive day tomorrow. I am always happy and thankful about this decision the day after when I keep it. But this is not a good conception long term maybe in my case it is the main reason I relapse every time. There must be a way to overcome this feeling. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to find things to fill my time.  Changed habits.  Started exercising again planning out dinners to make prepping everything for the next day as well.  
Books works for me. Shitloads of books! 
I sometimes sum it up to myself on mornings after not drinking with the phrase: *the difference is night and day*. But it is also literally a difference of *night and day* as in where I place my priority. Similar to your statement of "making a kind of compromise". Some say that drinking is boring but I found drinking at home in the evening was not boring; it was the release of all responsibility guilt stress self-consciousness... but with the unfortunate side effect that each of those abandoned feelings now comes back tenfold the day after. I continually struggle with the fact that life is boring at times at times painful and that the society I need as a social animal will forever test my resolve. In my case this is the main reason I relapse every time.
It hasn't gone away for me but it's much less extreme. I can get over it pretty fast keeping myself preoccupied with something and it typically doesn't even enter my mind unless I've had a particularly bad craving day. I can only imagine it will just keep getting easier and less frequent! It's no fun now though stupid ass alcohol! 
When I got sober I knew that boredom would be a huge factor and I made a good conscious effort to arm myself with stuff to pass the time.  I do sudoku adult coloring books crocheting (you tube is awesome) puzzles.  I also play video games. I also made a list of stuff that needed to be done around the house like caulking painting faucet repair.  Again youtube is awesome for instruction. I also hit the local craft store to buy stuff to pass the time like needlework and hobby painting.  If your a guy there is a ton of things on amazon:  Starter woodworking kits leathermaking (been looking into this) model building.....etc.  I also headed down to my library and got a library card.  Libraries are all techy now and I download and read books off of my kindle/computer.  Most of them have a phone app you can download in the comfort of your own home.  I download audiobooks and it's great.  I also got into home d cor sites (hgtv better homes and gardens) and started looking at ways to update my house on the cheap.  
I was pretty boring when all I did was sit on the couch watching TV and drinking. One of the first things I noticed when I quit drinking was how beautiful the sunsets can be. 
