-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anzlz8/some_insights_from_not_drinking_for_17_days/

Hi all - as you can see this is a throwaway account. I really want to post from my main but unfortunately have too much personal information on there and a few people know my account so I'd rather keep anonymity when posting here but I've been lurking for about 2 years here. This post will be rather long but I have a lot to get off my chest...&amp;#x200B;..My whole family suffers from severe alcoholism including my father. When he realized it was getting the best of him he made the decision at 40 years old to quit and is now 62 and hasn't taken a sip of alcohol in 22 years. I'm 23. This isn't a coincidence. ..&amp;#x200B;..For a while I refused to drink knowing full well that if I did I'd succumb to my addictive personality and it would become a problem. I \*knew\* this. In college I joined a fraternity that introduced me to serious drinking culture. Oddly enough I went a year in the fraternity without drinking a drop - being the sober guy at every party event or venue and it never bothered me. I don't know what changed honestly - maybe curiosity maybe peer pressure got the best of me. Whatever it is I started drinking at 19 and never looked back. That was the worst decision I've ever made in my life. ..&amp;#x200B;..All my worst fears manifested immediately - I realized I was having way too much fun with it and it felt \*too\* good. It was everything I wanted but also everything I didn't. At first I was a "fun" drunk - I think all my friends got a kick out of seeing the normally sober guy get drunk when I was usually so in control. It wasn't until later that it started really really getting out of control...&amp;#x200B;..Before long I was stashing bottles of liquor in my room taking shots before going to class and was surrounded by such an impactful drinking culture that it made it feel normal. Having 10-15 drinks in a night was hardly unusual - after all all my friends are doing it so it has to be okay right?..&amp;#x200B;..My wakeup call came when I moved back home after I graduated and I realized I couldn't have been more wrong. I started drinking at bars and making a fool of myself drinking the way I did in college when my now older friends were just having a beer or two because they had work the next day. It didn't stop me. Every time I drank was a new challenge - how drunk could I get? I was blacking out every other night. Yet I was still successful - my GPA was phenomenal I obtained a Masters degree and got into a PhD program so what could be wrong? ..&amp;#x200B;..It all broke down when my dad caught me and the look of disappointment in his face told me all I needed to know. I realized it was ruining my life I was pissing thousands of dollars a year down the drain and I was literally killing myself slowly. And yet I still continued. For a year. Eventually I hit rock bottom when I realized that I haven't gone more than 3 days without drinking in 4 years. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm now on day 17. I started January 5th went 10 days and broke down justifying it as a reward for making it to double digits when I never did before. I told myself I'd have a cocktail and go home. I had 8 and blacked out again and woke up to a very familiar feeling. That's when I told myself that I can't moderate and this is it for me. I'm now 17 days clean and have been sober 26 out of the last 27 days and I've never felt better in my life...&amp;#x200B;..The list goes on and on - my sleep is better I've lost weight I have motivation to work out my skin is clearer my depression is gone my mood is elevated everyone around me notices a difference my friends didn't seem to care at all (and those that did were never friends to begin with)...&amp;#x200B;..I don't really have some big moral I'm leading up to or some statement that will tie this all together. I mostly just wanted to get a lot off my chest in the hopes that just one of you may read this identify with it and not drink with me today. ..&amp;#x200B;..And from the bottom of my heart THANK YOU to each and every single one of you. Whether day 1 or day 1000 you have no idea the kind of difference finding like-minded people who share the same struggle and are open about it makes. And wayyyyyy more than those who are subscribed to the subreddit or post. Each and every one of you made such a difference in my mentality and I realized that I didn't need AA counseling or even a book to help me stop - knowing I have an online community that has my back and me have theirs is enough for me and I'm eternally grateful to each and every single one of you...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you all so much and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

 IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing your story. You're in the right place and you do not have to drink any more. ..IWNDWYT
Thank you for your post and congrats on 17 days you've giving me some motivation for sure. IWNDWYT  
Congrats!!!!.And IWNDWYT!!
Our two stories are very very similar in a lot of ways...We're indeed both lucky to have found this community...Good luck God bless...IWNDWYT
i don't knw you but i love you and thank you for your inspiration. Words like these help us all daily. I too cannot thank this community enough that i stumbled upon a few weeks ago. IWNDWYT
Iwndwyt
Excellent work! Some of this story is very familiar 
IWNDWYT
Way to go! If I stick to my plan I'll have a pretty similar timeline as your dad my daughter is 16 months so tell your dad he motivated a random guy on the internet to keep going. ..Best part for you is it only gets better everyday I'm happier than the day before and no longer dread the 3am anxiety wakeup...IWNDWYT!!!
