-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anzuja/cutting_off_rehab_friends_need_input/

i was in an inpatient rehab center for over 60 days. i met a few people in there and they've reached out since. one of them died. the other was in prison and is out now and is very suicidal. the others just reach out now and then...i feel like an awful person because part of me wants to be there for them but a lot of me can not handle it emotionally. i've relapsed a few times and am not seeing a therapist twice a week. i've cut off nearly everyone except my family. i'm really struggling with ptsd and depression and i'm so lonely and the loneliness is stifling but i can't bear to socialize with these people. it just brings up my time in rehab and it's honestly triggering and i just want to move on with my life and forget it ever happened. i know i need to remember but i don't want to reminisce and that's what seems to happen. ..these people aren't sober. and i finally am enrolling in school this summer and just got an interview for a part time job working with kids as an after school counselor. something to give me purpose and remember how to be silly and have fun. does cutting people out make me a bad person? i just want to start fresh and i feel like all these people are keeping me from moving forward and being optimistic about my future because i keep getting stuck feeling sorry for myself and complaining with them and that's not who i want to be. ...sorry for the long post but advice is so welcome guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I'd do what's best for me and not feel bad about it.  60 days with someone makes them an acquaintance and not a friend in my book.
It does not even come CLOSE to making you a bad person. A huge struggle of mine is putting other needs above my own. It is so hard sometimes but YOU are important and your needs just have to take priority sometimes. Just decide and it's okay if you don't look back on that decision. You deserve what you feel is best for you. Good luck my friend!
I used to have a friend that just sucked the life out of me because she was so unstable in her own life. She was what I now call an emotional vampire. She did not enrich my life other than being a party buddy and I became exhausted. I had to end that toxic relationship. ..&gt;these people aren't sober...You seem ready to move forward and your rehab acquaintances could become your emotional vampires.  I was in out patient rehab and the only thing I had in common with anyone there was alcohol abuse and the consequences of it. Sometimes I think the vulnerability we all share in that situation can be likened to friendship but I never looked at my relationship with my fellow rehabbers that way.  You are not a bad person for wanting to protect your sobriety. I think it is great that you are seeing a therapist to hash out your current struggles. Learning from the past is important but continuing to live there can keep me 'stuck' to use your word. Not good. ..May you keep your optimism for the future and find the strength to feel confident in letting go of your past. Peace and Blessings. I am staying sober with you today.
It's your sobriety you're not beholden to anyone but yourself in that regard. I don't hang out with any of the 40-50 guys I met when I was in rehab and I don't feel bad about it whatsoever. Yes we had a shared experience and I will forever be grateful for that group and the time there that helped me so much but they're not friends not really even acquaintances...maybe a step or two above strangers passing in the night. I have a small handful of them on Facebook and I see a couple of them occasionally when I go back to the rehab center for meetings or birthdays but that's it. I have to worry about *my* sobriety not theirs. If you feel they're holding you back then drop em guilt free like a hot potato. It doesn't make you a bad person at all it makes you someone who is cognizant of a potential threat to your sobriety and who is doing what it takes to avoid that threat..
Take care of yourself; include people in your life that can help you with your sobriety. 
Setting boundaries is a good thing. 
First and foremost you have to take care of yourself. You really don't do anyone including yourself any good if you relapse right? Right now sounds like these people are making it harder for you to succeed and while I get that they are asking for support they probably understand (even if they won't admit it) why you need to  bail  on them (in quotes cause I don't think you're really bailing it's just that a drowning man can't save another drowning man). Keep at it and don't give up! Try not to be too hard on yourself for having to cut people out. I feel like a bad person when I have to do that but no one would ever be happy if we ALWAYS put others before ourselves. 
In the hospital where I was for my withdrawal it's a specific guideline that patients don't keep contact after quitting the unit. They are also not welcome to visit the other patients after they left. That might sound rude but it is to protect everybody so that they can start looking forward and can start looking for help in there own social network. That's a more healthy thing to do. .From what you write it seems that you really are doing fine and it would do you great disservice to keep contact with them. It probably won't really help them and there's a great chance it might set you back. .I really think you deserve a new start. Give yourself optimal conditions for that! .That's my humble advise. 
Setting boundaries is necessary for my own sobriety and health. That doesn't make you (and me) an awful person. Take good care of yourself! IWNDWYT
You have to put your sobriety first. I understand the guilt but you cannot fill someone else's cup when yours is empty
One of the best moves I made was cutting the inpatient "friends" loose.  If they hadn't already most were looking for a reason to relapse and had nothing positive to offer. ..I found meetings when I was new that had the types of people who would go out to the diner after. Even though I was up in my head and had nothing to offer socially it still got me out and was something to build on. It'll be twenty years in May.
I can't tell you what to do as we are not supposed to give advice (what if our well meaning advice is wrong and causes further harm to you?).  However way back in the day when I used to smoke pot I finally decided I'd had enough and wanted to quit. I was polite to my old smoking buddies but I made excuses to not hang around them whenever they asked. They finally got the message. It may seem cruel but sobriety needs to be the top priority.   ..Drinking is a little trickier because most people drink socially. For the first six months of my sobriety from alcohol I avoided any event that included alcohol even family get togethers. As I became more confident in my sobriety I slowly started adding events.  ..Long story short I made made sobriety the top priority over everything else in my life.. .
I totally get where you are coming from.  I like to be here and read and post but sometimes it does get me down so I take a hiatus.  This is a journey that you are travelling alone.  Sure there are plenty of us who desire to help and will communicate but when it comes down to it YOU are the receiver of all benefits here and you are what is important...Do what YOU need to do to stay sober don't kick yourself if you are unable to help others do the same...Good luck not drinking with you today.
I was in-patient too and met quite a few people in it. Only one of which I still keep in contact. Meeting people in recovery I found can be tricky. Use your instincts and feel them out. Their words and their actions can be two totally different things. I found that I gravitated to people who were actually doing the rights things instead of just talking about it. A guy I was really really close with and who helped me through a great deal has chosen to go back out 4-5 times now so I keep him at an arms distance. If he reaches out to me I try to give him a kick in the ass that he might need but I don't/can't go out of my way anymore for him unfortunately. At the end of the day I have to worry about what keeps me sober and making sure I don't put someone else's recovery over mine.
you are right  your sobriety has to come first.  Especially around people who are not sober.   When you get some time maybe then you can help those who are struggling.  You will know when that is right
