-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ao0rjs/my_experience_with_dts_and_withdrawal/

I have briefly explained this story here but after I shared the full story in a support group they think I should share to hopefully help some struggling today. Rewind two years ago I am a 25 year old bartender who had been drinking heavily (15-20+ drinks a day) and continued to everyday until this year. I decided it was time to stop. The first day or so was rough with shaking cold sweats and insomnia.  My dreams at night were incredibly visual horrific war/apocalyptic type dreams. Lots of killing blood stabbing etc. I would die multiple times in each dream and just restart it over and over again dying a gruesome death every time. These dreams continued every night getting little to no sleep. Around day 3 of no alcohol I began to see the beginning of hallucinations. It was a small cluster of dots spinning around wherever I looked (usually only noticeable in the dark). When I closed my eyes I could make out shadow figures that definitely hadn't been there before. Again the dreams had gotten more visual and worse each day that passed. The next morning in the shower I saw an almost flip book type cartoon flashing on the wall. It was a combination of classic cartoons. Mickey Mouse Tom and Jerry you name it it was there. I couldn't believe my brain had been producing these as I knew they weren't real. The day went fine from then out. That night I had come home and laid down. All of the sudden my phone started ringing I answered it. An evil voice came through the phone saying  you're going to die . I freaked out. Minutes later the same number called and I ignored it but it went through anyways and on speaker was taunting me and it was truly terrifying. My phone almost looked like it was hacked and I couldn't do anything about it. The camera was glowing red and flashing the keys had turned to some asian language I knew nothing about. I tried to call someone anyone nothing worked so I turned it off. I Freaked out. About an hour later my phone started making this pinging noise WHILE OFF kindof like a GPS. I then started to hear  another more faint pinging noise coming from outside my home. Ping ping ping the sound got louder and faster. I heard snickering and laughing on the other side of the wall. As the pinging sounds got closer my phones ping started to ping faster and louder. The voices grew closer. My phone was being tracked by someone or something. Next thing you know I hear a tapping on my window. I am convinced this is real at this point and got in my car and drove to my parents (they live close by). That night I could not sleep. When I closed my eyes it would be images of devils demons and the scariest you could imagine. At around 4 am I became completely disoriented. I could not stand up. I approached my parents afraid only to find my moms entire body covered in bees from head to toe. You couldn't see an inch of skin on her. I could hear them buzzing feel them landing on me they swarmed me but I hid under a blanket and just saw the stingers sticking through the fabric. I began to hear my name shouted over and over again and a girls voice was screaming she was coming to kill me. The only way I could escape was by locking myself in the bathroom with the lights on. Whatever was out there was sticking its hands under the door clawing to grab me but it would kinda evaporate when it hit the light. I was losing my mind essentially. After an hour in the bathroom I had used my clothes to plug the bottom of the door and cover the window all seemed to have settled down. Somehow I got some sleep. The next morning their was an entire army of evil elf archers with bows and arrows around my house shooting arrows at it. At this point my family is trying to calm me down saying nothing is there but it's hard when every second you hear these arrows and see them flying into your windows. They eventually subsided. I should have gone to the doctor way before this. That night was the absolute worst night of my life. These elf vampire people had put ladders all around the house. I saw them through the windows with saws and swords. I made sure the windows were all locked. But they started cutting through the glass and the walls. It was the loudest screams and sounds I've ever heard. Any time I would make eye contact with one of them they would immediately point out that they knew I saw them. They knew my biggest fears. My own brain was making this up it knows itself better than anything. All the lights in the house are turned on at this point. For some reason I told myself that they were vampires and thought they couldn't be out there when the sunrises. I looked it up sun came up at 7:35 am. I was counting my down the minutes terrified for life. At one point I tried to conquer my fear by facing the windows and screaming at them telling them they aren't real. It only intensified it. They were real. I felt them. I felt their breath I heard them. At 7:35 they were gone. Keep in mind I'm getting maybe 30 minutes of sleep a night which only makes it worse. Around lunch The next day I see them running around on my porch. I hear them giggling and taunting me. I'm sitting in my couch and hear a knocking inside my walls almost as if someone was knocking on a door. Then it came from a different wall. Then from everywhere. My couch began to shake and I jolted up. I had accepted defeat. I went to the liquor cabinet and poured myself some shots. I had to somehow get out of this. I immediately began vomiting all over. I was shaking vomiting sweating the whole nine yards. I started talking with them telling them they had won and I give up. They didn't stop. I had to get out. I ended up putting my dogs on a leash (had to save them) and made a run for it dumping my phone in the garbage can on the way out. I legitimately thought they could track me through my phone. I ran down the street and found a neighbor blowing her leaves. I asked to use her phone and told her my house was being broken into. Here I am running down the street half clothed in the middle of the day with 2 dogs no phone saying I was being taken hostage or something. I had someone come pick me up explained the situation and we talked about it. I was convinced it wasn't hallucinations. How could I feel the glass hitting my skin as they cut through the glass if they weren't real? I was taken to the hospital and quickly the hallucinations and everything stopped. The doctors told me I had experienced the worst of the worst delirium tremens and had I not come to the hospital death was a high possibility.  I went through recovery and here I am symptom free 38 days later alive. Alcohol and other drugs are not something to play with. Words cannot describe the horrors I experienced. If you are having doubts hopefully reading my story will help you think twice before picking up that drink. AA and other support groups are an absolute life saver. Never try and quit on your own you can die. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! I am glad you're here with us. 
I don't know what to say. That sounds absolutely horrific. Thank you so much for sharing and thank goodness you made it through. ..I got to a bottle of wine - sometimes a bit more - a night. It's easy to romanticise and rationalise a bottle of wine. Stories like yours are a stark reminder of the reality of what we're actually consuming. ..IWNDWYT. 
That is soooo scary! I'm sorry you had to go through that. Thank you for sharing and I'm so happy you went to the hospital and are sober and well now!
As I read this I felt like I was re-living my own hallucinations and DT's...If anyone *ever* starts to feel this way please seek medical attention immediately...When I was admitted to the hospital I was promptly provided with 2 medications that eliminated these horrific symptoms very quickly...Don't live through it alone. There is help..
Wow. I had Constant panic attacks and insane dreams. Though no wide awake hallucinations. Congrats on making it this far !  
I am sorry you went through this experience.  I hope your story encourages others to seek a medically supervised detox and not go it alone.  IWNDWYT.
I'm glad you got help and made it through.  Congrats on 38 days!  I'm curious how much do you weigh and how long were you drinkinking that much.  Keep on keeping on.  I'm sure your story has helped others to know it's a good idea to get some professional assistance.
My boyfriend experienced this as well for nearly 3 days straight. I regret not taking him to the hospital earlier. I'm curious how scarred you are from this and how often you think about it. I'm so worried my boyfriend will have PTSD from this experience
