-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ao4w54/wow_six_months_today_still_taking_it_one_day_at_a/

Recently my beloved kitty suddenly passed away at only five years old. He was a lover and a sweetheart and had shown no health issues whatsoever. I kissed him and told him I loved him every single day since I brought him home at five weeks old. ..I thought I would be so happy being able to post that I have been sober for six months. .But my heart is broken and I am struggling to find ways to cope besides crying every day and night...I guess I am just looking for a little encouragement or positivity...Thank you. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That's terrible. I'm so sorry for your loss. Hang in there. Do something nice for yourself. Hopefully you can take a little time to grieve and heal. You'll get through this. Alcohol would only add shame to sadness. I will not drink with you today.
I'm sorry to hear that. When I lost my dog she was about 12 i felt like the only innocent pure light in my life was gone. It's not. They're still out there. It just takes time. Theyll always be in your heart. Know you did everything you could to make him/her happy. Remember the good times and let time do its thing. ..I unfortunately went in a binge with a couple of bottles and it didnt help at all. It's better to geuinely feel the pain. To genuinely process it. It's a part of life. We never get to choose when they go. But well always still choose to love them. Be strong. One day you may bring another into your family and you can tell them all about their older brother or sister. 
Truly sorry for your loss. Way too young for a cat. Remember the good times.  I've never had a cat but my dogs over the years made my life happy when they met me at the door everyday like I'd been gone a month. I miss 3 of them still and #4 is 9 and happens to be the dumbest and laziest of the 4.  Please don't drink over this sad event.
I'm so sorry for your loss &lt;3 
I'm so sorry to hear this. I'm a cat person myself. Very good work on your six months and I hope you find some comfort soon. 
I'm so sorry... my heart would be broken too. Proud of you staying sober. IWNDWYT 
I am so sorry for your loss. I love my kitty too and when they pass it is a real hard loss. I know grieving is tough but going through it sober will let you actually process instead of only delaying the pain. Staying sober can be a real tribute to the love you shared with your sweet boy. Big virtual hug to you.
Pets have a way of weaving themselves into our life and love like nothing else. There's no doubt that this is hard. ..There's a way to make it harder. Start drinking again. You'll get an hour or so of "relief" and then the pain of losing your furry friend will be compounded by guilt shame regret self-loathing etc. ..Grief is hard I now try to "sit in it" and experience it for what it is. In a way we are honoring our friends (furry or otherwise) by choosing not to "check out" on the grief. It's easy to say from where I'm sitting of course I bet if you're honest you have an idea about how you want things to go over the next week that does not involve drinking. That's probably the best pathway. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. But I am amazing at your strength for sticking with your sobriety through the good times and the bad. 
Sending you so much love and support. My heart would be broken too. Someone else commented that drinking would be checking out rather than sinking in and I thought that was a wise observation. Don't check out on your grief. It's there because you love your kitty and is an honourable pure emotion. If it sticks though and you can't move through it can you find some real life support? My grief for the loss of my old dog didn't start to shift until I welcomed a new bundle of furry love into my family. Her nose even has a love heart shaped black spot on it! ..In the meantime I'm holding you and your kitty in my heart as I go about in the world today. IWNDWYT.    
I am so sorry! My childhood cat died over 10 years ago and I still dream of her. When she died I was so distraught I had to take a week off work. It was terrible. I send you a hug..If you need encouragement and positivity well this internet stranger is incredibly impressed at you reaching 6 months! It is an incredible achievement. Well done. IWNDWYT in honour of you and your sweet kitty.
B
I know the feeling. I love my pets like family and I've had to say goodbye to so many over the years. It hurts every time. ..He knew how much you loved him and he loved you too. You gave him the best life you possibly could !..IWNDWYT :) 
IWNDWYT...My condolences...
It's heartbreaking when you lose a beloved pet. Try and take some comfort in the fact that you showed him love each and every day you had together and he would have felt that.  You done right by him and that's so important. This helped me so much when I lost my little fella IWNDWYT 
I'm so so sorry for your loss.   It's a soul crushing loss.  I've lost a few sweet fur babies (all kitties).  Your heart breaks.  They are the most unconditional love we can have.  I'm giving you cyber hugs.  Congrats on 6 months of sobriety.  Your an example of inspiration for me to keep going.  
I am so sorry for your loss. I don't think anything I can say can make it feel any better but I bet a drink would make it even worse. Grieve feel love and hold your memories dear. Thinking of you.
Congrats on your six months!  I am sorry it's a sad time without your sweet kitty.  I lost my little old lady dog (14yrs) a year ago and I still miss her every day.  Those sweet little furry babies really do make our lives a happier place.  
I am so sorry for the loss of your cat!  My heart hurts for you.  I have a 13-year old dog and she is my baby.  I am so proud of you for staying sober during such an emotional and painful time.  I am thinking of you and sending love and healing your way.  Stay strong and IWNDWYT!
I'm so sorry. Be strong and be true to yourself. Remember your loved one with a sober grateful mind and heart. I will not drink with you today. 
