-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoczb8/tips_for_a_substitution_to_using_alcohol_to/

Hey all hope everybody is doing great on this evening. Been sober for 13 days. I don't feel like I am an alcoholic but I came to the decision that I needed to stop indefinitely because 1. I had no discipline to not drink to much even when I knew it could affect my next day negatively and 2. I was using it as self-medication for bad anxiety attacks. For a long time I was dealing with really bad anxiety and when i felt a bad episode coming  I would have some drinks. Since alcohol is a depressant it worked pretty damn well. I actually got a handle on my severe anxiety about a year ago. I got on medication and it has become MUCH more manageable (thank god) but still it happens...So my hypothesis for my issues with alcohol has been kind of confirmed at least so far. In the about two weeks that have passed I've done pretty good. Aside from being a bit bored sometimes I haven't really struggled with staying sober. But today I had a pretty bad anxiety attack. It got me pretty good and my mind immediately went to my old solution getting a drink ASAP. Now I got through it anxiety has calmed down and I didn't have a drink. But I know if I am ever going to decide to drink again I need to make sure I never use it to self-medicate for anxiety again...With that said any advice for finding a healthy substitute to anxiety attacks? (I do breathing exercises as well as I can but that has limits to its helpfulness haha). Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 13 days! Do you have a physician? They deal with this kind of thing for a living. Seeing my doc and getting my crazy pills sorted probably saved my life fwiw. 
Aerobic exercise. Don't listen to music etc. Just count steps (or strokes etc.) and listen to your breath focus on how muscles feel etc. Do it right and its 3x anti-anxiety bang for the buck. 1. Exercise burns off cortisol and boosts dopamine and other feel-good juices (that is a technical scientific term...don't try to use in a sentence yourself unless wearing lab safety goggles). 2. Can function as breathing exercise. 3. Works as meditation too if you're disciplined about what you let yourself think about (namely not much other than the rhythm of your workout how it sounds how your body feels etc.). At the risk of sounding like a ShamWow commercial.... AND THERE'S MORE!..Exercise causes some folks (but not all) to lose weight and look better. Consistent exercise and being in better shape makes EVERYONE feel more confident and competent about themselves physically. Earned confidence can help with anxiety longer term. To the extent there is any element of social anxiety/agoraphobia to your situation exercise can help with that too. E.g. if a runner join a running group. Social but folks are there to run so you don't have to be a chatterbox. If you do want to talk the bar is lowered bc there are so many obvious topics due to the group having self-selected around a common interest...If you can't tell I think exercise can be a big help for anxiety (and sobriety)!                                ..Good luck.
Chamomile tea works wonders. You can drink as much as you want and you can't OD on it. It tastes great too. There are also chamomile capsules I love them as I take them before bed and they always help relax me. Natural ways to help relieve anxiety are meditation (go on youtube with some headphones and give it a try) and as you said breathing exercises (use youtube for this too). Eating a healthier diet and staying hydrated can help as well. A healthy body = a healthy mind. ...I used to have very bad social anxiety. Nervous sweats and shallow breathing in large crowds... even going to the grocery store would trigger it for me. It made me anti-social and anxious all of the time. Part of the problem I feel now upon reflecting on it was low self esteem. Working out helped me a lot with that and it wasn't easy to get into at first. I had to hire a personal trainer because my anxiety was so bad in public I felt like everyone was watching and judging me all of the time. ...The main way that I broke the pattern of being socially anxious was by getting a job in the public space. Talking and interacting with people constantly helped me overcome my fear (although it was terrifying at first-- I shit bricks my first day of work but kept going after that). Over time I broke down the wall and can speak openly in front of people without any trouble. This has helped me immensely throughout my life most notably as of recently-- it makes talking and sharing in AA much easier for me. ...I'm not sure if social anxiety is the same as what you have or if you can relate to what I've said but none the less I hope something here can help you. IWNDWYT
Sleep has been the best medicine for my anxiety. I aim for at least 6 hours a night! 
And I should also add I cut out coffee somewhat. Limiting to two cups before noon. 
Exercise and meditation work well for me. 
Alcohol withdrawal gives me anxiety so for me using it to treat anxiety would be like putting gas on a fire. I don't have the answer but I hope you find one! IWNDWYT
CBD oil has really helped my anxiety since getting sober.
Aerobic exercise sleep (0.3mg melatonin if you need it) eating healthy taking a multivitamin avoiding caffeine getting outside having sex meditating yoga. Those all help me. It was also helpful for me to remember that feeling anxious will pass and that alcohol actually increases my anxiety.
