-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aolrmt/having_a_rough_day_today/

Hey guys...I'm having a rough day. I tried for the first time to get sober in July after 5 years of drinking daily and doing major damage to my life and relationships. I went to treatment I'm very involved in AA I have home group and a great sponsor and lots of wonderful supportive sober friends. I've strung together several months at a time and I have relapsed but picked myself back up and kept going. It's been an uphill battle and some days are better than others but today isn't one of those days...Today I'm sad. I'm depressed. My alcoholic brain is telling me-  hey you've been doing great! Everyone should be happy for you and congratulating you loving you and they should just forget all the awful things you did to them when you were drinking cus if you're drunk it doesn't count.  I know it doesn't work like that and the damage I've done can't be repaired in 6 or 7 or 9 months or even a year... it's going to take a lot of time and action but it hurts. I want my life back. I want my boyfriend to forgive me. He has but I still see the pain in his eyes that I've caused him and sometimes he still doesn't want to be around me. He can't trust me I'm a liar or at least I was I would go great lengths to hide and disguise my drinking and it's made me a hard person to trust. My family still is counting my naltrexone making sure I'm taking it every day and smelling my breath. I still have to argue with my brain which tells me often to just have a little drink it won't hurt...I sit in meetings 2 3 sometimes 4 times a day because it's the only place I feel safe. I'm tired...Someone please tell me this gets better. I've seen it work in the rooms and I know it does but today it doesn't feel like it. ..I will not drink today I know that at least. ..Thanks for letting me vent a little. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey im proud of you and I think you're doing great.  You are doing the right things in life at this moment and you need to give yourself some kudos for that I know shit isn't easy.  The hard thing for us is others can't see what's in our hearts and it sounds like we may have some similarities but I know I royally fucked some stuff up.  We want to be forgiven as soo as we are ready but remember that making amends and being forgiven aren't on a timeline we control if ever.  What you can do is control your controllables work your steps and try and give yourself love for doing the right things.  Again I know it's not from who you want but I know myself and many more of us here are proud of you keep doing good shit and good shit will happen IWNDWYT
It gets better. Easier too. Have you been doing any step work or volunteer work?..Early on I would get there early and make the coffee and clean out the ashtrays. I don't drink coffee and I have never smoked. I guess I needed the dose of humility it brought. I hate cleaning. I would stay and arrange the tables and chairs. Anything I could do to make myself useful without expecting anything in return. I guess it helped. I still don't drink coffee or smoke and I haven't relapsed. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
It gets better /u/gaiaisgood! ..There are many reasons to be sad in early recovery so what you are feeling is normal. I went through an ugly break-up too and thought I wouldn't live through it. What helped me was having lots of support. Seeing a therapist and going to meetings as well as consulting a psychiatrist gave me the help I needed to hang on when I felt like you do. ..I don't think we can fully understand how our drinking affects those who love us. My children for example probably felt scared confused angry embarrassed and abandoned when I was drinking. I hate to think about it but I know it is true because I had an alcoholic dad. ..Once trust is broken it takes a long time to heal and maybe never can. I was totally transparent with my children. I didn't get defensive when my daughter told me how my drinking hurt her. I listened. I was open and honest and called if I was even five minutes late. I bent over backward to be trustworthy. So go easy on your boyfriend and family. They are scared you are going to drink again and you seem to understand why. 
