-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoltq6/shoutout_to_my_favorite_murder/

This podcast is about murders but the two hosts talk a lot about their personal lives and random stories and one of them Karen is a sober alcoholic. She talks about it bluntly and hilariously and it's just nice to hear people talk about their sobriety kind of like you'd talk about a diet. Just mention it and joke about it like it was any other struggle in your life. Because it is! ..This is the thing she said that made me want to share this with yall-..During a live show Karen is doing a bit where she's pretending to be drunk and the audience is clapping and cheering and Karen says "Don't clap for drunk Karen or she'll come back."..This girl gets it. IWNDWYT .
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds like a funny approach!
Stay Sexy and Sober? Stay Sexy and Don't Drink Today?
I didn't know Karen was sober? I love them 
Karen is the best! Not only is she super open about her sobriety she and Georgia both are huge advocates for mental health and therapy. MFM is one of my favorite podcasts hands down. 
My favorite podcast! Karen really has that professional comedian wittiness.
Amen. I love these gals Karen especially. She brings a lot of wisdom to the show.
LOVE this podcast for that and so many other reasons (they aired my freaking engagement - I'm still in shock!) ..&amp;#x200B;..When I was first sober I was so lonely without all my drunk friends but Karen and Georgia kept me company. I would dread another long sober Friday night FOMO would be at an all time high but I'd clean my kitchen while listening to MFM and felt like I had friends around. Their banter reminds me of me and my friends...&amp;#x200B;..Congrats on your 15 days!
Stay Sexy and Don't Get Murdered by Alcohol!
IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
I agree Karen talking about her sobriety has always been very inspiring to me. Also she just seems like a lovely person. You should check 'Do you need a ride' for more Karen it's a comedy podcast but I also find it very....soothing? Definitely check it out if you like Karen. IWNDWYT &amp; SSDGM!
I loveeeeee that podcast.  I met them when they came through my city on tour.  Super genuine ladies.  ssdgm &amp; iwndwyt.  
Yeesss! I need to get back into this haven't listened in a while. ..Shoutout to all the sober people who share their stories in the public domain. So happy when I discover someone I love is sober. ..Some of the best podcasters are sober people: Marc Maron Chris Hardwick Dax Shepard.....There's got to be more women too! Sober people get shit done! 
Thanks for the recommendation! I'm always looking for new podcasts!
I've kind of fallen out of love with the podcast a bit (love the minisodes though) but I absolutely adore Karen...I love her honesty her sense of humour and comedic timing and her genuine laugh.  And she's my age so I get her references!..I'm proud to count her as a fellow soberino.
Karen doing drunk whispering Karen is so funny - absolutely spot on... Llllemme shhhh c'mere lemme lemme tell y' a ssseecret. 
Wow sounds great! I'm excited to check it out!
Congratulations on your 17 days!..This is a great excuse to re-listen to MFM to listen more closely to Karen's sobriety stories. 
