-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoy23p/my_story/

My drinking career started when I was about 16 stealing mom's beers and sneaking away in the middle of the night. I started drinking every weekend when I was 18 and not just a couple I could kill an 18 pack in an afternoon into the evening. I was so stoked to turn 21 and be able to purchase my own booze. No more throwing temper tantrums until my mom would finally cave and buy me beer. It was all down hill from there. I was functioning. Always had a job and paid my own way. Destroyed most of my relationships because booze was my one true love. Into my mid twenties the alcohol flowed it was my one true friend. I always drank. I preferred drinking alone in my backyard with my headphones in blaring my music into the wee hours. I would go out too. I always out drank anyone I was with. Put grown men to shame. I was proud. I wore my hangovers like a badge of honor. Things were okay. I was a total dick to the people I loved most. I made awful decisions and put myself in some very unsafe situations. I tried to quit at the request of past partners. I never stuck it out too long. Maybe 90 days. I was miserable drunk and even more miserable sober. So I just figured why not keep drinking? At least it provided some relief for the time I was doing it. Then it started becoming a big problem. I got arrested for public intoxication at 26 I was lucky the charges were dropped. Still kept drinking though. I've known for years that I had a problem. I never cared enough to change though. Until I met my husband. He and I met on some pretty unusual circumstances and he's currently away due to alcohol. It's a long story but to keep it short and sweet- we met we drank together we fell in love---- DEEPLY. We got married 7 months later and four days after our wedding he had to go away. We knew what was going to happen and everyday is a struggle. I promised him I would put down the sauce well before he got home. I gave myself two years to keep drinking.... Well I fucked up royally. Got fired from a good paying job because I got shit faced on a business trip out of state and arrested. Rock bottom? Nooooo I got home with my tail between my legs embarrassed and ashamed. Swore off the booze for good..... Until a week later. Got shit faced again and compromised my marriage. I came clean to my phenomenal husband and haven't picked up a drink since. ..I have so much to live for now. I don't wake up feeling regret anxiety and like I got hit by a Mack truck. I save so much money. I do not self harm anymore. And I can genuinely say I love myself. It's been a long time coming. I am so grateful for the accomplishments I've made in these short 96 days. I cannot wait to see what I will do next. Everyone I love is beyond supportive and encouraging. And so is everyone here. I haven't really gone into detail here but I hope my story reaches someone who may be struggling. If I can do this ANYONE can! Thank you all keep fighting the good fight! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I am so happy for you!
Thanks for that! I forgot how much fun it was to get loaded while listening to music in my back yard 
Iwndwyt 
Thankyou for sharing you're story friend 96 days is a long time stretch! You are going to keep rocking into one year I'm sure. Iwndwyt
