-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoybx5/6_years_sober_today/

2190 days clean 1 day at a time. Some days l still can't believe it ever happened. After 25 years of heavy drinking and assorted party favors l didn't believe it would ever end. But it did and l am incredibly grateful. I  didn't get a chance to go to a meeting today and pick up a chip so I  just wanted to tell somebody. It's been a hell of a journey. Saved my family my marriage my career lost 100 pounds quit drinking smoking and snorting and saved my life. It was all worth it. If you are struggling don't give up and don't give in. You can do it and good things are waiting for you on the other side. Peace. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations to you what an incredible achievement you should be so proud you are a warrior in an awful war peace to you and your family 
Congrats!!  So great to hear!!..IWNDWYT 
Would you say that the party life ended because you chose to end it?
Inspiring  
Congrats OP. Inspiring! 
Congratulations!  That is simply amazing.
Congratulations!! 
Way to go!
Wow!!! That's big time! Congratulations   ..IWNDWYT    
Fantastic! It's amazing how much life we can reclaim!.Six years ago I was just getting out of rehab. It was the best thing I've ever done. Of course six months later I fell into a bottle for a few days but jumped right back on the wagon and haven't looked back.
Thank you so much for sharing with us! Congratulations!!!
Incredible. Seriously. 
You're an inspiration. Longest I've made was somewhere around 100 days. Currently at 7 days and really feeling positive. At a point in my life that this has to stick
Happy 6 years to you! That's wonderful!
Woah! Congratulations! And thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT!
How the fuck do I start?
IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!! Inspiring. I identify a lot with your post but I'm 4 years behind you.  Thank you for sharing!! 
Congratulations!
I like to read these posts it makes me feel good and that other people have made it so far. I hope to one day say the same thing. Congrats mate! 
I saved your post so I can go back and re-read it when I'm having a rough day. You're inspirational &lt;3 thank you for this and congratulations!
Congrats! 
Fuck yeah bro 5 years myself. Happy fucking days
You are an inspiration. I can't do four days 
Congratulations :D IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! You're success is so enlightening!
Wow you really came back from the brink! Thanks for sharing your success with us. It gives me hope when I hear about people achieving such remarkable transformations and making them stick. 
'Assorted party favors'! That made me laugh! Congratulations to you. What an admirable journey. You are an inspiration!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT 
Wow proud of you. In treatment now. 4th treatment in 2 years. I finally have hope this time though. Also how did you lose so much weight?
WOW!!!!
Congrats! You forgot about leap hear tho. 
Congrats
One.day.at.a.time. IWNDWYT
Congrats!.
Living the dream friend!!!!
