-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apgx3t/i_really_need_to_start_listening_to_you_guys/

So long story short from Nov-early Jan I was in an outpatient psych treatment because I got diagnosed Bipolar and was also abusing the shit outta alcohol. Got myself sober and motivated in there and then when I got back to work kept the sobriety for 35 days until I just couldn't take it and picked up a beer...Past week I've been drinking again just depressed and hating everything. Why did I do it? Because I was sure sobriety was going to cure it all and that it was gonna be some amazing upwards ride and the first obstacle I hit I just gave up. After treatment I stopped hitting the gym and going to meetings because I didn't think I needed it but I do need it. ..Basically my work drove me back I have a boss who just doesn't motivate me and generally makes me feel like shit 99% of the time. The thing is I have a job and career I absolutely love and I know I'm good at it but my boss manages to just make me feel terrible at it and I've been letting him win and let the negative feelings rob my of my progress. ..Now I'm back at square one and feel bad I gave up like an idiot. You guys warned me of this too and I didn't listen that sobriety isn't a cure all and you're still going to face   lot of hard problems. I let myself become weak and crumbled at this first sober obstacle I had to face. I really really feel shitty about it I know I'm better than that and I regret so hard picking up that fucken beer. ..All my work I threw away it feels really bad man. If I didn't drink I probably would have at least had that sober push that "life is shit but hey you're managing to stay sober that takes a lot of strength good job man!"..So what the step now guys? 
----------immediate responses--------

We never want to; but sometimes it takes something like this to really set the message home how important this is and how important the tools and looking after yourself is. And you're not back to square one you've still made progress and coming and talking about it is so important. So you should pat yourself on the back for that. I find it important to just focus on small goals every day I like to have 3 goals they can be as simple as doing the dishes and like not drinking. I also use the SD chat a lot https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking to keep me focused every day and able to talk things out with friends and support in real time.
My brother is bipolar and also an alcoholic/addict. Those two together are nothing to fucking scoff at. Be careful and good luck.
Sounds like you know the steps now you mentioned them earlier...meetings/treatment for the addiction gremlin gym to keep your body feeling good and reduce anxiety/stress...I have a boss like that too but I love my job and my clients so instead of letting her win and do badly like she thinks I'm going to I'm going to do well *in spite of her*. [Who says spite can't motivate you?](https://imgur.com/RU7tS9M) People also don't quit jobs they quit bosses and I have never seen an instance where that isn't true...I feel like life is hard. And it's about the journey not the destination. I saw someone say on here recently that not drinking is life's cheat code and I disagree drinking is like making everything harder for no real gain. People who don't have alcohol problems still have bad shitty days. They just don't go make it worse or harder on themselves. ..Bad days are bad days and I use them as an excuse to indulge in my other bad habits like binge watching TV instead of working and stuffing my face with fancy cheese calories be damned or buying too many fancy coffees...it's better than alcohol at least.
I've heard it said on here before that one slip up doesnt invalidate all the work you put in before. Think of it like a diet. One day of eating unhealthy doesn't mean you gained back all the weight you lost. You are a better person now than you were before. 
