-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apjnze/im_so_angry_at_myself_and_im_kindly_asking_for/

First of all: FUUUUUUCK!..\*\*\*\*..Okay...I was doing so good and I relapsed pretty hard. I've rage-cried already but I can feel it bubbling back up. I currently can't STAND myself and feel really destructive. I'm parked out at a coffee shop and am hoping I can distract myself enough until it's time to go to sleep and reset the clock...But I'm ANGRY! I'm so angry at what I am and I really don't have anyone to talk to. ..My question is: How do you deal with relapsing and not just go "Fuck it! I'm an alcoholic and that's just the way it's gonna be!"..Anyone know this feeling? Gahhh! I hate this...Any show of solidarity (and esp. anecdotes) would help out a fellow (wannabe) non-drinker...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Go on YouTube type 5 minutes guided meditation for angry release. Listen to that right now. 
Get some food in you it will help with the emotions and make you tired (with the added benefit of subduing your cravings). I've been in your position more than a few times. Why we decide to drink when doing so good without drinking baffles me. But just getting though the first day makes it so much easier to continue on the good path. Nothing is lost except that thin wall that so easily can turn into a cycle. Push through it.
Are you still actively recovering from the recent relapse? If so that can HUGELY contribute to how awful you are feeling right now. I have definitely been there myself...my absolute worst feelings were either while drunk or in the few days that followed. I know exactly how you feel I'm so sorry you're going through that...It's okay to feel angry- don't ignore the feelings you're experiencing but also don't let them dominate you. Neither extreme is helpful...I don't have any direct advice to share (I'm not perfect either) but I relate to what you're going through and I'm over here cheering for you. The wonderful news is that you absolutely don't have to say "I'm an alcoholic and this is the way it's going be" it doesn't have to be this way at all! Just don't give up. Hang in there friend!
What great helpful comments.  I'm not sure I have much to add (I'm def trying that meditation) but I do know how the anger and rage feels.  It's so awful but you can push through it.  Maybe it helps knowing you are not alone in that feeling?  Cause I know it sure feels like you are when it's happening.  Can you have a hot shower when you get home do some deep breathing or crying whatever take a Benadryl and go to bed while listening to a sleep meditation?  
The only relief I got took time and took effort. I sat in a few AA meetings every week and sometimes twice a day if I was feeling really down. Eventually I got the courage to even speak up at a few. By the end of 30 days I was thinking it had been too easy.  Go figure. ..Good luck kiddo. IWNDWYT 
I think most of us have been there  at one time or another.  ..First of all  don't beat yourself up.  That's wasted energy on past events.  You can't change it. ..The present  moving forward should be our focus. What can you learn from your lapse? What tools can you add to your program for a different outcome in the future?..Lapses can be leading tools. Hang in there!! You can do this!!  IWNDWYT ..
I know the feeling and it is terrible. Only time will heal it but meditation prayer talking etc. can ease the pain in the meantime.  We can't forget this feeling if we want to succeed. 
