-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apo12q/29_year_old_trying_to_regain_his_life_back/

Hello! I will try to keep this as short as possible. I am a 29 year old man who is struggling very hard with alcohol. I'm currently on a weight loss journey and alcohol is obviously impeding my goals. ..A little backstory. I started drinking heavily after I broke up with my ex. Always going to bars after working using the excuse that I will find someone either to have a one night stand or date at bars (I know very wrong). This went on for about 4 years now. I stopped going to bars everyday recently and with that I brought the alcohol consumption into my own apartment. When I rarely don't drink I always have trouble sleeping. Be it being up twisting and turning until 3 AM or sleeping but having a spotty night waking up 5-6 times during the night. Lately I've been using the excuse that I need to drink to go to sleep. For the last month or so I've been drinking about a pint of vodka a night before bed mixed with soda. Even nights after the gym when I am tired I usually convince myself that I didn't eat my caloric goal for the day and have some left over 750 calories to spare to have fun. I know deep down that these are excuses to keep the addiction going. I need to stop and I need to stop now. ..I'm looking for any advice anyone can give me. If I left out any other critical information please let me know and I will be more than happy to share. I've been a lurker for a long time and I feel confident on finally speaking out and starting a journey with you guys. Thank you so much in advance. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I am a 32 year old guy who quit when I was 29. Life is so much better since I quit. I'm so thankful I finally quit. One night I blacked out while cooking dinner for my family (chugging boxed wine). That next morning by some miracle I finally called an addictions counselor and got into therapy. Not only did I need to work on my addiction to alcohol and abstain I needed to work on myself physically spiritually and mentally. I started getting up early and doing activities to improve myself in those areas. I started getting into meditation art yoga execise books coming to this subreddit and podcasts. Each day getting better. This was my  program.' I just kept going to therapy and getting after it and still am. The biggest thing was taking that first step and getting started. It's awesome you posted here. Take that first step man. I won't drink with you tonight.
It's not advice but this bit of aged wisdom came to mind: I'm 37 now and I should have quit right around 29 but I didn't until last month. I believe you'll be so thankful when you get to where I'm at if you seriously reevaluate your relationship with alcohol. You came to the right place for support friend. 
Those are early withdrawal symptoms and the drinking quells them. I had the same thought process and habits almost down to a  t'...Then I started waking up around 2/3 and facing another one to continue sleeping. My concentration at work and home went to shit. I kept going until I received an impromptu intervention. Best thing that ever happened to me. ..I tried to quit with moderate success many times over the last 5/6 years. I always kept it to myself just like my drinking. Opening up and seeking help (finding a support network) changed everything. ..I've been where you are I wish I caught it at the age you are. I wasted years of my life. 
Maybe some medicine for sleep ? What about rehab for a month? I'm 29 too friend and I have 16 days today It was not easy getting through the first 2 weeks but every day gets a tiny bit easier! I have been binge drinking since I was 13 years old. The alcohol has started affecting my liver so I really have to take this seriously! I think if you stop drinking maybe the weight will go too I've heard a few stories on here on SD people have lost it too I know you can quit this drinking friend. WE both can. 
I can relate to you so much. I'll be 29 this year. I started out by drinking heavily in college going to bars .etc and then evolved to even heavier drinking that I moved with me to my own apartment and into my adult life. ..I started seriously working out 2 years ago and when I look back on it I can see how my life was so off balance. I was effectively working out and sticking to my meal plan during the day but then I would hit the liquor store on my way home from work and justify a bottle of vodka because of a "hard day" or feeling some kind of way that I didn't want to deal with. The alcohol was canceling out any positive efforts I was trying to make. It was like a hamster wheel every day and I wasn't making any legitimate progress in my life. Cut out the booze and you will notice your goals at the gym and literally everything else in life will improve significantly...I too have always struggled with poor quality of sleep. I can never seem to shut my brain off even when I feel exhausted. The best routine that seems to work for me is to wake up early so that I'm naturally tired early and then go to bed early. Your perception of early may be different than mine so you could definitely adjust for your life and schedule. ..You can do this!! IWNDWYT
