-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aprqyf/back_again_after_a_monthslong_relapse/

I was on this subreddit with a different account last spring. Managed to make it without a single drink from May 1 through the third week of August. I fell off the wagon due to external stressors (sudden concerns raised about armed conflicted in the area I was working in) and subsequently for a social media event in which everyone was intoxicated for days. At first it was actually sort of fine. I was surrounded by good people and it was social drinking. Relative to the destructive solo drinking I'd been doing alone for years prior it seemed sort of ok. "Maybe I can do this moderation thing" I thought to myself. "I like being social and having fun and feeling alive."..&amp;#x200B;..Fast forward to Saturday night. I got so drunk with my family on my stepdad's birthday that I sent humiliating possibly permanent bridge burning messages to a business partner. I'm still doing damage control but so embarrassed about it I can barely face her. I also woke up so dehydrated and sick (I have Crohn's disease which has luckily mostly been in remission for about 6 years without medication) so sick I thought I'd have to head to the ER. I've been in bed ever since...&amp;#x200B;..What's changed since the last time is that I've moved home with my family for a bit. I was completely burnout overseas traumatized and simply no longer really able to keep my head above water. I have a bunch of projects I need to work on that don't require me being there to do them so I can work from here. Plus my stepdad is sick and I get to spend time with my family now. The only problem is everyone up here is a major drinker. I didn't know how bad it'd gotten. My mom hides wine bottles everywhere and really wants me to be her party buddy. I actually wanted to stop earlier but was worried I'd face a lot of pushback from my mom. I keep telling her I need to stop and she keeps saying I don't have a problem no matter how sick I get. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm out in the middle of nowhere with my family so I'll likely be leaning heavily on this subreddit. I remember how helpful it was last time. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

