-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apx9k5/a_question_for_the_sober/

I think I know how this is going to sound but... how do you get through the bad times *without* alcohol?..&amp;#x200B;..Every time I have something bad happen to me I fall off the wagon. See in January I had a great 20 days of sobriety. I'd even got to a point where I could go most of a day without even thinking about alcohol. But then things turned south with my job and for some reason I thought alcohol was the solution. So for the past week and a half I've been struggling again. Each day I try to make it through that first 24 hours but I haven't made it a full 24 yet. Then today the girl I've been seeing on and off again (who is a very heavy drinker... Scottish...) decides that after a drunk ramble on Sunday she wants nothing more to do with me...&amp;#x200B;..I know I'm going to end up drinking tonight. It's a foregone conclusion. I'm miserable and I've got a bottle of Jim Beam ready and tbh this post is just another thing I can do to try and force the amount of time before I have that first drink. I'm trying my absolute hardest to push the amount of time between now and that first drink in the hope that maybe "as bad as things seem at least I fell asleep sober"...&amp;#x200B;..I'm not sure if these posts are allowed if I know I'm going to drink tonight at some point but I figured I might as well try...&amp;#x200B;..I've been relying on alcohol as a crutch for so long that I don't know how to deal with bad situations anymore without it.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol caused most of the bad times in my life.  Problems with the law problems in relationships problems with other people money problems career problems.  
Any time I drank because of my troubles I would just wake up the next day with the same problems AND a hangover. Drinking made everything worse.    .    .Quitting didn't solve my problems but it sure as hell made them more manageable. My debilitating alcohol-induced anxiety is gone. I can breathe and face problems head-on when they arise instead of running away from them. I am way more resilient than I was drinking. 
I used to drink to get through the tough times and to just press the pause button on life. I'm a year sober now and I have had to deal with a hell of a  lot in this year...You won't believe me because I was where you are now but drinking is the worst thing to do in hard times. ..Drinking added hugely to the trouble in my life. Tiredness hangovers and the inability to think straight made all my problems worse. They made my problems go on for longer because I was too drunk to solve them . My anxiety and tiredness grew and so did my confidence and belief in myself that I could solve the problems...Being sober I tackle problems head on I worry less and I look after myself more. Tiredness was the side effect that really fucked things up for me I was constantly tired. Being hungover and beaten also led me to blame myself for everything and not stand up for myself...One thing I noticed when I got sober was anger. Not in a bad way but now I shout at somebody and move on before I used to internalize my anger and say nothing...Drinking is the problem!!  I know that you may drink tonight but I believe that you are getting closer to the point of stopping...Read the posts on here!! We can't all be wrong when we say life sober is better but you have to find this out yourself!  Best of luck. 
Someone posted a comment the other day by Martin Sheen I think that went something like this:  .."There is nothing a stiff drink can't make worse."  ..Obviously you know you are not actually "dealing" with the issue by drinking rather numbing your brain for a bit.  That can be tempting as hell to do.  For me it has never done anything but make things worse or if I'm lucky the booze just hits the pause button so that I can feel it all the next day and the next day or whenever I finally stop drinking.  Months years etc.  The brain can't actually process anything good or bad when it is all fucked up on booze.  ..Do what you need to do but know that we will be here.  
Hey nothing wrong with posting to stall drinking. Just keep stringing 15 minutes together before you can go to bed early :)..The first time I got a wave of really strong emotions I sat in my car and cried for 2 hours. I very distinctly remember thinking "well what the fuck am I supposed to do? Just sit here with this?" And the little voice trying to get sober said "well...why not?" It's not pleasant but none of my emotions have killed me yet so.
By the time you read my post the urge probably hit again.  Keep trying go for a walk do some pushups write down your thoughts play with your dog or cat.  Just get thru one day.  And know this WE ARE WE WITH YOU!!!
I made a list of all the horrible things I've done while drunk. When I'm at wits end and about to drink I read that hated humiliating list.  
I started shaming myself for making excuses to drink. That's what it is for me excuse making and blame laying. My boyfriend cheated he's a pos so here's my excuse to drink. Parenting is hard here's my excuse to drink. I'm lonely here's my excuse to drink. It's so childish to make excuses. I am embarrassed for every time I decided to hurt myself with alcohol because I was already hurting from something else.
From what I am learning. Problems then drink MORE problems VS Problems no drink deal with problems. I got 99 problems but a drink ain't 1!! AJ  
I wasn't the kind of alcoholic who made a handful of dead-serious attempts to quit drinking...I was the kind who made literally hundreds of half-hearted attempts to quit drinking. So I'd often fail within 24 hours. Or after a week or a month. Quit on Tuesday relapse on Thursday etc...The first 1-2 months are by far the hardest. And so by quitting 100 times for only a few days or max 60 days I was actually going through the hardest days of quitting 100 times over...This is quite dumb in retrospect. It is also mentally traumatizing because you emotionally associate that how you feel during all these early days of mini-quits is how your life will feel permanently when you finally quit...And that is 1000% untrue. After 3 months I felt 50x better..
