-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aq0q4i/how_is_this_day_four_going_to_be_any_different/

I'm sitting on my kitchen floor struggling to make the soup I've made at least twice a month since I was like thirteen. There's a lump in my chest and I don't know if it's anxiety or depression or just straight unhappiness. My husband stopped drinking with me and so he's on edge to (though much less so am the real problem) we just got in a screaming match over nothing so loud it scared the dog. I was missing an ingredient for the soup so my husband ran out to get it (we both apologized) and there's so much of me that hopes somehow someway he comes back with vodka. But then what? I drink it and start at day one tomorrow how will the next day four be any different than this one except it'll be later in life. That's what I keep telling myself- how will this day four be any different. I have to do this now. It's just hard..IWNDWYT..Sorry for the rambling clearly I'm not in good place and just needed to get all this junk out. I feel a little better already. Back to chopping garlic for me.
----------immediate responses--------

He did not bring alcohol thank god. I CAN do this. I WILL do this.
My wife and I quit together. The first week of withdrawal is really tough. Be mindful that you are both going to be extremely anxious and irritable. The good news is that you are going over the hump...day 3-4 is the worst. Hang in there.
I'm glad you came to this sub to rant    tomorrow will by my day four so you're not alone with starting out. It's going to get better the longer we go. I think it's great that you and your husband are in this together. You CAN do this. We can all do this. IWNDWYT!
Hang in there.  Thongs will improve. ..You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
You can do it! When I first quit. It was a hard time for a couple months. Don't get discouraged. Just feel the emotions and even doing that gets easier. 
You can do this!
Keep your head up. You can do it 
You got this girl! I'm Here with you! 
My first week was awful. I yelled at my husband because I didn't have sourdough bread for breakfast. He threw it away the night before  because it was moldy.  It's tough but it gets better. I'm no longer irritable no headaches sweats or shakiness. 
