-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aq1nqw/ready_to_stop_again_for_gods_sake/

I gotta stop.   I'm 28 been drinking like hell on earth for over a decade.  Last week I had one beer in 5 days which must've become 30 in 5 days by the end of the night (Friday).  I kept drinking bourbon and beer for the weekend and spent around $250.   Sometimes I spend twice as much on a weekend as that.  Its flat out disgusting.  I hadn't been planning on drinking until an old friend came to town.  I can't even afford it.  I drive almost a thousand miles a week between work and school...I'm goddamned slowly dying from ankylosing spondylitis and it can be excruciating.  I made terrible drinking habits to kill my physical pain.  I want no pity.  I'm a carpenter and love working my ass off building. ..My beautiful little sister was killed in a car accident.  Its coming up on 4 years early April.  She meant the world to me.  This has devastated me to no end.  I could talk endlessly about her but I don't think this is the right place.  ..Some times I lose sight of my priorities because I'm in physical and mental pain.  I struggle to think straight because of it and lack of sleep.  I need to finish this degree.  I went back to school in honor of my sister who kept telling me to go to school.  After she passed I decided to fulfill what she'd been telling me to do.  Here I am working on the last year of my bachelor's degree.  I'm so tired.  I'm quitting alcohol for now at least (hard for me to say forever) so I can get my act together and complete school and keep my promise to her that I made with my last words to her on her birthday of all days...Its easy to say fuck it all I miss her and I'm in pain so where's the wild turkey and labatt blue but damnit if I won't drink with you today for all the others in the fight stay strong.  I don't want to give in to this poison anymore that has contributed to my legal relationship and health issues.  I can and will be better and stronger than I have ever been...Thanks for listening.  I know that was rambled.  I typed it on my smashed phone......
----------immediate responses--------

Forever is a long time. One day at a time is all I can do.
I will join you in not drinking today.
Would you like a book suggestion? No pressure! 
Putting alcohol aside has helped me to process the big lump of mental pain that was one of the reasons for my drinking. With alcohol there was no progress whatsoever only constant neglect and decay.
AS sufferer here too. It sucks and I get how easy it is to just keep on numbing the pain and worry about the future. ..But drinking makes you unhappy right? It doesn't do anything but keep you stuck. You came to a great place for support. I'm here for you if you need me.
