-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aq6onk/weed/

I let my guard down after a couple of weeks and got some weed. I am a musician and the thought of going in the studio without ANY thing worried me. Although I did not drink and did not have the desire to..smoking weed felt like I relapsed with the drinking and I dont like that feeling..gets my off track..while I do miss the temporary haze that I get from weed its still another way to avoid things..so I want to avoid that as well. I will definitely not be getting anymore weed on this journey..just thought I would share...IWDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I personally smoke weed and it helps with not drinking but to each their own brother! IWNDWYT
I definitely understand and personally don't have a problem with it. I just personally want to get as comfortable as I can being clear headed...
Weeds a bigger addiction for me than alcohol. I got clean off that before I decided to stop drinking but I noticed that when I'd drink I'd want to score weed. I also started to realize that being sober is more important to me than just quitting one thing. R/leaves has been very helpful for me. ..
I never really smoked weed. My Drug of Choice was and always will be booze but I'm absolutely in no hurry to test that out. I've heard stories where people thought if they just smoked pot they wouldn't want to drink. Many of them said they did it and eventually their defenses against their real DOC alcohol dropped to the point they started drinking again. ..I can't tell anyone how to live but anything that alters the chemicals in your head can make you do things you wouldn't normally do. But I also know weed smokers who hate alcohol. 
I had a similar experience after about one week sober I tried weed for the first time without already having alcohol on board... didn't like feeling altered at all. Not so much the guilt of feeling like it was a cheat which I could deal with because I've never had a problem with weed like I do with alcohol. It was more just that I'd finally started to feel good just being myself without a substance dulling my experiences. Was relieved when it started to wear off. But that was my experience if it helps others get off alcohol then by all means.
IWNDWYT
I also ditched weed with alcohol. I don't like using another substance to dull myself and numb up. I got sober to face myself clear headed. It was an expensive and addictive need. Going out? Weed. Staying home? Weed. Seeing a friend or relative? Gotta toke up or I'm agitated and anxious. Regular weed consumption over time was just as binding and harmful as booze was. Some folks here swapped out booze for pot and feel comfortable with that choice. To me that wasn't sobriety. 
