-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aq6re1/if_youre_struggling_today/

I drank last night and broke my longest streak ever...I didn't go overboard thankfully. But I am nauseaus and very unmotivated at work today. ..My increased anxiety during drinking got me really really close to picking a completely unnecessary fight with my SO. ..I DO NOT MISS THIS. ..I am disappointed in myself but at the same time I am grateful for the wake up call. I can't keep expecting alcohol consumption to suddenly be good for me. It never will be. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today either. It's a struggle but you'll get there. Every time i manage a week or sometimes two without alcohol I always think that I'm obviously fine and why not enjoy a drink? But I always go overboard and feel miserable and crap for the next two days. Don't worry just get back on that horse. We can do it!! 
I love your outlook. Right on OP
Thank you for the reminder. I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for reminding us. I've had similar experiences. It's so not worth it!
Welcome back from Field Research! IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Yes you can learn from this  and move forward. ..You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Thanks for posting this. IWNDWYT!
I am struggling too I'm proud of you for making such a long streak now that you've done some field research you can be doubly sure that the sauce is not ideal for ya. Let's kick these bottles. IWNDWYT
You made it over 100 days that's awesome!!!!!! Now it's time to start a new streak. IWNDWYT!!!!.....
I am struggling.  It's been a very difficult couple of days for me.  I fought of the temptation last night but after work today will be challenging.  Maybe even worse.  But I'm trying...&amp;#x200B;..That's sucks about your break in your streak but you bounced right back into the swing of it and the speaks volumes as to your strength.  Be kind to yourself and be proud.  You are doing awesome!!
I know exactly how you feel. I do great for a bit then boom I am right back at square one feeling unmotivated unworthy anxious and generally not 100%.  I have had a taste at what freedom feels like what hope that I can get better feels like and I am too sensitive to be hungover.  I am going to start loving myself step one stop drinking and I will be a better more present person for it.
While I know you aren't feeling great thank you for posting this. I still fantasize from time to time about enjoying "a couple drinks" one night. I know it isn't worth it but damn if that pull isn't strong from time to time. ..Don't beat yourself up too much. You are fully aware of how you felt before and you can get there again. Keep fighting. 
&gt; I can't keep expecting alcohol consumption to suddenly be good for me. ..Well said and good thing for me to keep in mind!
I slipped last night after only a week. I was feeling great had been so productive and doing positive things (working out deep house cleaning) for the first time in a long time. Something triggered me and I sat and went back and forth for about an hour before I just grabbed my keys walked out the door and the next thing I knew I was back in front of the computer with a twelve pack. Nothing bad happened except I am groggy today but no energy for the gym and of course I wish I had the 'good' feeling of a week sober back. I'm back at it today IWNDWYT
Checking in to say IWNDWYT too! I'm at the beginning of my journey reconciling with alcohol. Fell off the wagon a few days ago. my body is in havoc caught between withdrawal and hangover modes. Thankful for you folks who keep me honest :)
I am proud of you for coming back!
Sounds like your head is in the right place. Just use your slip at a reminder that drinking doesn't get better for people like us. Best wishes and remember it's one day at a time. 
90-100 days seemed to be a magic relapse period for me too. I had several 'streaks' of around 3 months before I quit for good. ..Sober for 3 months drink and boom drinking for 3-9 months till I was a total mess. Quit feel good after 3 months then 'boom' again...In the end I found it very helpful to think in terms of percentages rather than streaks. Ie rather than the mindset of "I've been sober for 11 days now following my last relapse" I moved to thinking "in the last 12 months I have been sober 7 months compared to last year when I was sober zero months...That genuinely helped..
Well done on sharing this it was so brave of you and very helpful for us to read. Good to have you back! IWNDWYT 
