-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqa4oo/has_there_ever_been_a_period_worse_than_the_first/

Howdy all ..This is a somewhat rhetorical questions since I have had periods of long (1.5 years) sobriety in the past but I am curious how you would characterize the struggle and pain of the first small increments of time compared to any further out period of struggle. For instance I'm thinking that of any three day period I've never had a period harder than the first three days. Ditto for a week first month etc. . . ..&amp;#x200B;..I know that there are times in life that may present challenges and make you question your resolve to stay sober but each time you face them and overcome your asshole addicted psyche I believe those struggles are less than and shorter than periods of struggle preceding them. Any insight over how much it gets "easier" in the long term is appreciated. Not looking for an excuse to get complacent rather I'm just curious about my belief that not quoting only makes it harder to quit in the long term and that quitting over longer periods makes it easier to staying committed. Apologies that this may sound like I'm just asking for confirmation. Would love critical feedback. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well in terms of just not drinking yes the beginning was the hardest. I'm sure if someone is more a periodic binger than a daily drinker they might find the first three days or weeks pretty easy (since they're used to abstaining for days or even weeks between binges) and then it gets harder when they'd normally binge...I've gone through other struggles and had very challenging times in my nearly 4 years but I haven't had to really white-knuckle it in terms of really muscling through the straight-up desire to drink in a very long time.
So far my 1st 8 to 10 days were the hardest as my body went through a sort of detox.
I was a weekend binger. So abstaining during the week was normal. Weekends were a massive struggle in the beginning. But after about 2 weekends sober under my belt it was much easier. It just gets easier in time. Even my husband drinks daily and heavily on weekends and I dont really crave it anymore. 
