-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqrfx1/posting_because_i_am_in_desperate_need_of/

A little background on myself I am a 26 y/o male. I graduated from law school last October and have since been living with my dad and his fiance in their basement. I have a history of depression and anxiety tried therapy many times medication meditation exercise essentially everything except stopping drinking. I know this is the cause. My mom was an alcoholic and died of cirhosis of the liver at the age of 46. ..&amp;#x200B;..Essentially I have a long history of binge drinking to blackout. Pretty much all throughout college I did this and did this without any consequences except destroyed relationships for the most part all my friends did the same so it felt normal. Fast forward to law school I started to realize the effects it was having on my mental state and ability to progress in my fitness. So I decided to stop for 3 months. I made it 2 months straight and then relapsed for one day. Went another month and decided that I was okay to moderate now because this obviously prove I didn't have a problem...&amp;#x200B;..Now I have never been a day drinker or even a weekday drinker I was always the weekend warrior but was always able to control it on the weekdays. Fast forward to the end of law school and I started researching alternatives to benzos or ways to legally get them since it seemed to be the only solace from my incessant anxiety. I ended up getting addicted to diclazapam which is essentially Valium. Now I knew how bad benzo's and booze could be from reading online and other sources. However I wasn't drinking when I studying for the Bar exam so I figured okay I will take them until after the Bar exam. It allowed me to study without the anxiety that prevented me from studying. Additionally one month in to studying I actually tapered down to less than 1mg equivalent to Valium a day but when I stopped I realized my concentration was shot and would failed if I discontinued. So I kept a fairly low dosage with no drinking for this time period. ..&amp;#x200B;..I Ended up passing the Bar Exam my first try! I was elated but didn't have a job. At this point I had a lot of free time after sending out applications and had a girlfriend that was heavy into drinking. So we would get drunk many times a week and of course I would take the Dicl. for my hangovers so I would essentially have no hangovers. We broke up because she cheated on me but I saw the signs and knew it wasn't right. So I guess my drinking progressed over thee next several months and I ended up in the hospital. This obviously scared me tremendously although it was probably unnecessary as it was in the morning and I didn't have alcohol poisoning. ..&amp;#x200B;..Fast forward to this last Friday I am 3 weeks sober essentially thought I was in the clear. So I head home where I absent mindedly pick up like 16 beers. No idea how many I drank but I blacked out. The next morning I did something I never thought I would do I got in the car with two bottles of hard booze and drank while I drove. Now I am someone who never drinks and drives I have always been very careful in this regard. But for some fucked up reason I did it I blacked out and I woke up in jail. I am so blessed that someone called the police on me and picked me up before I killed myself or someone else. Enter extreme shame and a fear beyond what I thought a human was possible of experiencing. I HAVE NO IDEA HOW I THOUGHT THIS WAS A OKAY IDEA. How did this happen? Am I bound by the universe to mess up my whole life. Now a first Dui is bad but the idea that I even have the capacity for this to happen scared the absolute shit out of me. If I ever did it again I would lose my license for a very long time. ..&amp;#x200B;..On the Dicl/Valium front I have been tapering down from my insanely high dose of 40mg and am now at 13mg but I am thinking that my anxiety from the taper has been getting me to drink. I just needed to get this out as it is absolutely eating me alive. I know I have a bright future if I can just stop drinking for good. I meditate and exercise daily. Currently I am at my sisters and I have no desire to drink. I will be going back to my parents soon but need to make sure this doesn't happen again. I have read this Naked Mind listen to the Recovery Elevator have therapy sessions scheduled. Additionally I plan to attend meetings soon but I am just so scared that I will drink. That's the scariest thing for me is that I don't know if I can control myself right now. I need the support of this community. ..&amp;#x200B;..I have been thinking about trying naltrexone and have done tons of research on it and my dad is on board. I would systematically do sessions in front of him in which I would take the pill then he would watch me drink the two drinks or whatever. And eventually I would unlearn the behavior as that's how it makes sense to me. I just need the support of this community and all the help I can get. I see so much support around here and if I am going to make this happen I need help from wherever I can get it. Sorry for the length of this post I just needed to vent to anyone that would listen. ..&amp;#x200B;..TLDR: 26 y/o just got first Dui. Absolutely terrified. Currently 5 days sober. I am addicted to valium but am tapering down to avoid a seizure using the Ashton Method. Mother Uncle Grandpa on mom's side were all alcoholics. Looking for support from the community...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you to anyone who reads this. I believe I can do this one day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
I would really recommend looking into Gabor Mate he has an excellent book that helped explain the root of addiction for me. He's also a good writer. 
Best of luck. Addiction is a terrible thing. I tend to think of me when I drink as Bizzaro version of myself - someone that can rationalize just about anything and is about 100 times more extroverted. It's me but I'm pretty sure I'm just being a bordeline likeable asshole before becoming entirely unlikable not the clever witty me when I'm sober.
Oof that's rough I'm sorry :( you're not the only one at least! I'm on naltrexone and it has been great for me. It works as long as you use it with good intention. A few times I have used it as an excuse to drink or a crutch to lean all my weight on which obviously didn't turn out well. Aside from keeping that in mind I highly recommend it!! Sounds like you have a great plan in place and are off to a really great start. You should be proud and also hopeful. Keep coming back to this sub as much as you need. It's been the biggest support for me in all this naltrexone and counseling included. I wish the best for you :)
stop using.and.I love you
i'm sorry to hear you were in such a low place :&lt; but congrats a million on passing the bar! i'm not familiar at all with naltrexone. the only thing i can say is that the longer it has been since you last drank really absolutely the easier it gets and the more you realize how much better life is without being completely reliant on a substance that ultimately controls you. i just now had 660 days and stupidly relapsed for a few days and am now back to day one but knew right away it was the place to be. if you could find a way to push through and get some time under your belt it will be completely worth it. it seems like a support group irl may also be beneficial. i'm not really a frequent commentor here and not the best to give advice but i just wanted to say i believe that you can get to where you want to be :)
Hey glad you are here. I am a law grad and was a total alcoholic in law school. I turned to it to help my stress and anxiety and ended up in the hospital on my birthday. Getting sober has been my best decision in life thus far. Looks like you hit rock bottom the only place to go is up. You can do this!
IWNDWYT!!!!!
I'm really not sure you'll have to check with your provider on that. I'm sure all those little details add up and I'm just not informed enough. I was a heavy binge drinker drinking all day everyday with a couple day breaks every now and then. So I'm just not sure. Hit up r/addictionmedication They are really helpful with those questions. 
