-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqs4sc/8_entire_days/

I woke up last Wednesday hungover and groggy headed to go into work. I slogged through the day and hated every minute of it. Hated every conversation. Hated the way I felt. Hated the food I chose to eat to satiate my hangover hunger. Hated myself in general. ..I woke up today bright eyed and bushy tailed. Had a fantastic Valentine's Day brunch with my SO. Worked a few hours on a gig app to make some extra cash. I feel amazing...Over the last week I've slept well dreamed much more than usual and have memories of every waking moment. I've been to work on time everyday and have excelled at my tasks. I've reorganized my space and donated extra items that were no longer used. I've made wise eating choices and reconnected with friends that I was embarrassed to hangout with while drunk. I've even lost a little weight!..I would drink every other night and be hungover in between. I used to drink at bars but once that got too expensive I would drink alone at home. My SO has been awesome and hasn't berated me for my drinking but he's been sober since September. I felt shame every time he came home from work while I was drunk. ..8 friggin' days! I took a week off last September after my dog passed away but prior to that I can't remember a time when I went a week without getting drunk. I lost my Dad my grandmother and my dog within the last year. It's been a struggle and I used alcohol heavily to cope. If I were to be honest with myself though I used alcohol prior to that for just about anything. The way I feel today vs. the way I felt two weeks ago is mind boggling. ..This sub and reading The Naked Mind have been huge in my success to far. I'm so proud and needed to brag to those who would appreciate it...Thank you for the constant inspiration and for making me feel less alone. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

 I am very happy for you. 
Good job!!! 
So glad for you : )
This is inspirational...your positivity is amazing...keep it up!
Thank you so much for sharing! 
&lt;3
Congrats 
Congrats 
Great! You are strong!..I will not drink with you today 
IWNDWYT
The Naked Mind was very helpful to me when I first stopped drinking as a tool to  understand facts and observations about our relationship with alcohol. ..&amp;#x200B;..Now I don't even think about drinking in desirous way. You can do this. IWNDWYT
