-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqtd6f/what_became_your_new_high_after_becoming_sober/

I've struggled with alcoholism for many years and after I quit I found new avenues to replace the alcohol  high.  I found running working out spending time with my family and friends and many more. I am wondering what the other reddit users who have quit have done to replace their habit of drinking? 
----------immediate responses--------

Running in the woods ! Being productive  exercising...basically everything...it is not a high per se but better! ..
My answer is yoga.  I didn't realize how annoying I must sound saying that until now.  I have gone back to drinking several times after being sober for a while but while I'm sober I'm always doing yoga.  ..I got a dog and started looking up hikes to take her on.  I don't know who loves our hikes more me or her but I have some pictures and experiences I wouldn't have without feeling the need to treat her right and exercise her.  ..Structure and organization so I don't have free time that makes me feel weird and nervous and interested in drinking to solve that.  Not over the top structure just a plan for the next day and a journal to get my abstract feelings into words.  I find when I do that the next time I feel flooded with the same feelings I can remember that I already wrote that into words and journaled it away. ..
Good question.  Saving money gives me a high.  I have a spreadsheet of all my accounts that I look at once a day.  Knowing that I could go a couple years without working is an awesome feeling.  ..
Bowling and taking care of my fish.
Among other things fasting. (r/fasting has almost as many subscribers as SD.) Taking a day off from eating is good for your health and frees up a bunch of time just like stopping drinking. It clears the mind too. ..&amp;#x200B;
Caffeine. I actually found myself very addicted to caffeine and had to put effort into cutting back my caffeine intake. I still drink it but not nearly as much. It's a much more manageable addiction than alcohol.
I developed a crush on a man in my AA home group. We've never exchanged numbers as "men should stick with men" and "women with women" and likely more due to the fact that I'm newly sober. But locking eyes with him and talking to him can be such a rush. Even seeing him at meetings and waving from afar or listening to him speak (he always says very thoughtful things) makes me happy. Even if that's all it'll ever be it's such a wonderful thing to me...Aside from that blasting music and doing my hair and makeup is something else I enjoy in sobriety. When I was drinking and using I never cared what I looked like. I didn't care about having nice things either - all I wanted was $ for booze and drugs.
Being in control of my life. Running. Professional success. Cultural events and musical instruments I couldn't afford before. Friends who are not drunks. 
Weed
I just started yoga. It is incredible.
Brazilian jiu jitsu. Adrenalin and sweat and bruises. 
Yoga
My high is being at peace and being able to let shit slide.  Other can run for their wine bottle or their sugary candy when the storm hits but I will not be moved.
Laughter! I'm enjoying time with my hubby and teenaged daughter more than ever. And I'm realizing how funny they are now that I'm not drunk all the time. Also taking care of my pets and actually being productive at work are pretty sweet  
Yoga and hiking outside. HIIT exercising will also do it for me.
Foraging. Hard to do right now but when I was drinking it was one of the few things I'd be sober for. Finding a patch of plums or berries discovered the first clutch of morels or just enjoying the sunset from a different view was amazing! 
Getting up early (5-6am) to do yoga. Also getting all the tasks on my to-do-list of the day done.
I recently reset but have spent the majority of the past year sober (not enough). Anyway unfortunately shopping online and snack food.  Still working on transitioning to useful replacement addictions. 
Yoga. I drank to numb myself and to shut up my anxious mind. Now I can find peace through yoga. 
Like you it has been my family and exercise.  The time I spend with my daughter has become so fun and special to me.  I as have found pleasure in my work which wasn't there before.
I get high just being the person I should have been.
I get high on rocks these days. Sometimes three or four hundred feet high. I'm a rock climber :) 
