-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqx3v1/the_straw_that_broke_the_camels_ankle_repost/

 ..NOTE: This is a re-post. I had not read the rules when I first posted and was still drinking. Today is day one without alcohol...&amp;#x200B;..Long read sorry and thanks for taking the time...This is my first post on reddit please excuse any mistakes. I usually write in a private journal when times get tougher than usual but this has been a long time coming and this thread in particular seems like a good place to try begin my journey of sobriety...I've ways been a problem drinker. The first night I ever drank a large amount I was 15 years old threw up a tonne and experienced my first panic attack due to it. Thus began a constant struggle with an anxiety disorder even to this day...I've done many stupid things when drunk. Examples include; falling and splitting my head open resulting in a hospital visit and my first big lie to my parents to cover it up . Many other falls and accidents which also resulted in many pieces of destroyed or lost clothing/ other belongings. Quite a lot of self harm and suicidal tenancies brought on by drink over the years. A lot of unsafe and truth be told some unwanted sexual encounters one of which was with a married man that carried on much longer than it should have. There have been many mornings I have woken up and had no clue how I got home the night before. I have lost jobs over having too many sick days many of them due to hangovers or literally still being drunk the next day. My mental health in general has spiralled at times. Although getting drunk helps with unwanted upset or stress obviously we all know long term it can cause major depression and anxiety. Though I can't tell if the drinking is a product of difficult life events and mental health issues (I always drink heavily when life gets really tough) or if I am suffering overall in life because I use drink as a crutch too often. I have watched myself tell the people I love so many lies to cover up bad behaviour or bad decisions that were a product of being drunk. Sometimes I isolate myself to the extreme I have overall become a very introverted person and was the opposite when I was younger. Alcohol definitely seems to be my favourite way to self sabotage...Most recently last week in fact I had my house to myself (housemate was away all week) and ofc one night I treated myself to a bottle of gin. I only had a few g&amp;t's the night I opened it the night after had none but then on the third night finished the bottle. My best friend would tell you I'm predictable but I can't see the mistakes before I make them as I always have the best intentions. I can usually keep myself in check. Although some of my binges have resulted in substantially bad consequences I don't tend to binge too often anymore and can always limit how many drinks I have in a night. There are days I don't drink at all. These days I'm not flush with cash and a bottle of gin is a real treat. This maybe influenced the binge the fact I hadn't had a bottle of gin in a while... tbh I can name a lot of things from that day week month that triggered the binge. Anyways think I'm entering excuses territory now...Long story a little shorter I fell at some point and badly hurt my ankle. Woke up with it swollen and bruised but couldn't tell you how I'd fallen. Can't remember it happening. Can't even remember going to bed. I've had a very badly sprained ankle before and this was very like it so for a handful of days I followed the 'RICE' method and waited for it to die down. By day 6 it was black and blue still some swelling painful and very unstable. I DROVE to minor injuries and within 4 hours was in a cast which is to stay on for 6 weeks. Clean break right through a bone near my ankle. I had risked a lot by shuffling about on it for nearly a week. None of the nurses could understand how I had put any weight on it or been moving it for 6 days. When they found out I had driven to the hospital they didn't know whether to laugh or just plain gawk at me...As if this wasn't bad enough the past year was an especially tough one and I have just started getting back on my feet (Difficult heartache health issues etc). I was due to start a new job and have had to call my new manager to tell her I can't work for 6-8 weeks (job is highly active). Luckily she was understanding and told me to contact her again when I was ready to start work...I had made a promise to myself after I had fallen (before I had even visited hospital to realise the bone was broken) that this was the final straw. That I could keep going round in the same circle. That seems to be what I do in a lot of ways repeat the same bad cycles. Yes I can go days without drinking a thing. Yes most nights I decide to drink I can moderate it. The fact is though eventually for one reason or another I lose control I binge and usually something stupid or bad happens as a result...Of course it was and always has been easy to make this decision in the couple of days following a binge. Fast forward 5 or 6 days and I was gagging for a drink. So a few nights ago I had a few beers. The night after that I had two glasses of wine. This isn't anything any regular person would raise their eyebrow at but I KNOW I have a problem with alcohol. Truth be told I have a substance abuse problem overall. If I don't drink I smoke weed I have sex I take diazepam. I usually find one thing or another to take the edge off even if it's something as harmless as a Big Mac. ..I guess I am posting today as I have not drank any alcohol I have not taken anything other than the prescribed SNRI and beta blocker I'm on for anxiety and I know I need HELP. My house is a drinking house. My best friend and I enjoy our wine and though she is not a problem drinker she would enjoy a few glasses a few nights a week. We are set for visitors this weekend which will definitely lead to wine in the evenings. Most of my friends are occasional to regular drinkers. I decided to start dating again recently and every date has involved alcohol as most people tend to drink!..I am terrified I will not be able to stick to sobriety even though I really want to and I know I need to. I have resolved to become sober before and failed every time. I am craving a drink as I type this. It is everywhere I look. If anyone has any advice they found especially helpful in their first days of sobriety and horror stories of their own that will help remind me how awful alcohol can be just anything at all that may help I would be forever grateful...I know some may suggest things like therapy- I did not qualify for therapy under the NHS as apparently my mental health wasn't 'bad enough'. I can't afford private therapy. I am very keen to go to AA meetings at the very least to see what they are like but that will have to wait a while til my mobility is improved.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Thank you for your post...The things that happened to us. I was sometimes so close to dying but am still alive. I use this sub as my only support and always try to remember to play the tape forward. My next drink can and probably will kill me. ..You can beat this. IWNDWYT.
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck and keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
For me I just got to the point where picking up the first drink immediately led to the anxiety of: where is this going to lead me?  Because I knew where it was going to go or at least where it could go: a simple intention of a happy hour cocktail with a friend might (and often did) turn to 4 double margaritas followed by bong hits at home and 5 hours of dancing in my living room (which I somehow convinced myself was healthy as dancing is a form of exercise so at least I was getting some cardio in?). ..As soon as I took a first drink all the fears of "here we go again" took over.  I was simply no longer enjoying it due to my knowledge of where it was going to bring me.  I was in the quagmire and I just knew that there was somewhere else I wanted to be.  The pull of that "somewhere else" is what motivated me.  It wasn't me saying "I have to stop I have to not drink that I have to avoid alcohol..." it was me saying "I want to be better.  I want to wake up feeling great having had a restful night sleep.  I want to be awake and alert.  I want to move.  I want to walk up the stairs without feeling exhausted.  How do I get there?"  It was me pursuing a new life rather than trying to run from the old one.  This distinction was important for me as it's the only way I was able to quit.  ..And by the way I had these thoughts for a good 2-5 years before I actually quit.  By the end I knew I was just telling myself the same things and not acting on them- I knew what I wanted I just needed to muster the courage to pursue it.  I wish I could tell you where that courage came from but even if I could it still has to happen within you on your own time.  We all know what we need to do it's just a matter of doing it. ..When the appeal of a New Life far outweighs the baggage of the Old Life that's when we change.
