-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ar437l/90_days_a_knight/

Last year was when I started to take getting sober seriously after 10 years of .15-3 bottles of wine a night depending on the day. I tapered down over the course of 3 months then did a stretch of 75 days then a month or so back in the storming seas and now I'm at 90 days clean...Needless to say after 10 years in the bog I had a lot of dragons living in my house. Some little dragons like the stains in my bathroom sink I never bothered to clean or the mold growing on my wall that gave me house a pleasant earthy aroma or the cigarette butts hiding under the discolored sheets on the floor. And also some big dragons like the terror and panic attacks on the subway and the impotent and immature neediness that pushed everyone away and the frenetically disjointed thoughts that disabled me at work. My body was a monument to mediocrity my mind was a twisting void of half-connected meaningless threads...Some of those dragons still live here sitting next to me on my couch as I type this alone. Sometimes they wake me up at 3 in the morning to do battle and then laugh at me as I struggle through another exhausted and frightening day on no sleep. They hide behind faces on the subway in the menus at restaurants above the text messages unanswered for hours throughout the fuzzy memories of years long since spent...But somewhere I found a sword and I found a shield and now I can fight back at them. And just writing that makes me cry because fighting at them is one of the hardest things I've ever done and it hurts every time I decide to stand instead of run...It gets better...The first week I couldn't even leave my castle except to buy bread and water the air outside would scream at me and the sun would hide and the faces were all scowls. But I did it anyways. The next week I fought the subway and the trains would lock me inside deep underground in the dark with no chance of escape and I would just breathe for one two three more stops eyes locked on the station map teeth gritted against the dragon roaring on the tracks. The next week I went far away from my home and safety to a store I didn't need to go to to buy a thing I didn't need from a person I didn't know; to see an art I could have skipped; to watch a movie I could have seen at home; to lift up something I didn't need to carry and carry it despite that. And sometimes the faces would smile. And sometimes the sun would shine...Sometimes I would fight and I would lose. One day I couldn't fight the dragon on the subway and I ran to the surface gasping for air then walked two hours home in the rain by the highway fists clenched and terrified. One day I stared out the 18th floor window and was attacked with such dread that I had to run down to the ground and touch something alive to keep away the terror. But every time I picked up my tiny sword and stared back at the beast I got a little bit stronger and the dragon got a little bit smaller...A lot of these dragons are so small and insignificant now that I lord over them like some tyrannical king. I stare out the window that swallowed my world that one day and smile at the traffic in the pulsing city beneath me. I take the long subway route to work just to check out the newly installed line. I wave at kids who make faces at me in the streets and smile at parents. I help random strangers carry luggage up and down the stairs in the labyrinthine subway tunnels. I walk with my chin up and my shoulders back. I feel alive and part of the world again...It comes and goes in waves like saint peter in the storm I still get smashed with icy water and can feel my feet sinking beneath cloudy skies but I've seen the daytime and know that if I keep going I can eventually walk on top of the sea like hills of peaceable grass in the sunshine...&amp;#x200B;..I may be a tiny knight and my armor may be covered in cuts and dents but I'm still a knight and you can polish armor.
----------immediate responses--------

It's a lot of work but it sounds like you're doing it! Nice work on 90 days!
what a wonderful text. great writing!
This is an accomplishment.. .Some of us have hung in there and were amazed to find that it actually can be done. In the tougher times believe that we believe..The dragons will not win.. .Excellent writing!. .I have no doubt you'll walk on top of the sea.."Something is happening in you..."
Keep fighting the dragons ! IWNDWYT
Happy 90 days from someone 10 days ahead of you.
