-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ar82v3/is_relapsing_responsibly_possible_for_anyone/

This is probably an inappropriate venue but I don't know where else to vent about this. ..Coming up on 18 months a week from Sunday. I've noticed a pattern lately that soberversaries are completely unexciting to me and at the end of the day frankly make me want to drink. I haven't yet but allow me to kind of go into a bit of specifics...I suppose I have two sides to this. One part of me thinks I'll never be able to drink responsibly and if I do start drinking responsibly at first I'll quickly be back to where I started. The other part of me thinks hey I was pretty young when I got sober (a few months after I graduated college) maybe it was just a phase and I'll be OK now. ..One could absolutely argue that the latter is what my addiction is telling me. But I also think that someone could also argue that the former is very strongly societally instilled. Alcoholics and nonalcoholics alike will tell you that you can't drink normally ever again period. I guess I don't see the world as that black-and-white. I've met people who got sober reintroduced alcohol to their lives and now are fairly normal drinkers. Maybe I'll be like them. I guess a lot of this stems from the fact that this is the first time I've tried to get sober. I've never experienced a relapse personally. ..Anyway thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

Can only speak from experience here - every damn time I've tried to go back and have a  responsible relapse  - and there have been lots &amp; lots of times - it's lead to the same result - back in the same mess I was in before.  .It's not worth it.
Do you have an off switch? I don't. For me a drink would be Russian Roulette. Maybe I could get away with it and nothing bad would happen. Or maybe I'd wake up in jail or the hospital. There just isn't any way to tell so it's better for me to just put the revolver down and stop playing. 
Hi rick-swordfire..&gt; drink responsibly..This term bugs me.  I know it's common parlance but I see it as an advertisers trick to get me to drink.  It is a denigrating term that implies that I must drink and my failure to control a "moderate" amount of drinking is my fault.  It's particularly galling knowing that the booze industry is propped up by alcoholism...As for your question.  I know if I drank one I'd be back to drinking at my normal levels quickly.  A sober month followed by seven years drunk taught me that.  This seems to be the prevailing pattern with people that have fallen into addiction.  Maybe you are special I dunno.
I think it's a slippery slope too slippery for there to be much point flirting with it
It's possible.  Just not for me and in all likelihood not for people who visit stopdrinking sites.
No chance for me. Each successive relapse has heightened my problems and dependency. But I do know one or two former drinking buddies who have pulled it off. Granted I've also known hundreds of drunks who couldn't. I don't like those odds personally.
I personally feel like relapsing at this point for me would be pretty much exactly like going out and getting a VD... on purpose.  Just my 2c on relapsing.  Wishing you all my best out there.  I'm craving some excitement here so as soon as I can manage it I plan to go climb into that volcano they have over in Iceland.  Sounds like a good time.  
For me if I am thinking constantly about alcohol and wondering and worrying if and when I will be able to drink and making plans or deals and so on that is a sign to me that alcohol still has quite a grip and I am nowhere near drinking a glass. I don't think about or plan my next Dr. Pepper or cup of coffee. I don't wonder if I will ever eat a taco again. The easy thing for me is to try to leave the drink thinking behind. Looking at my thoughts the drink is still near the top of the pyramid so I need to stop mentally feeding it! Best wishes to you!
I rephrase that question in my mind. The question for me instead is: What are all the things I have now that I am happy about that I would give up if I were to drink again? Would a beer even "casually" be worth giving up all of those things? So far three years down the line the answer has always been no. I haven't made a promise to myself to never go back to drinking; just to ask myself that question every day in the morning and if I continue to value the things that make me happy then I make a commitment for the following 24 hours to stay alcohol free.
From the stories I have heard of people going back to the drug without developing a new drug habit it was only because they didn't like it anymore...Like because they hate being drunk they can drink and stop themselves after one from getting drunk.  But if you like getting drunk well that's how a lot of us ended up here...And then thinking on that if I hate being drunk now why drink?  Just to fit in?  I am fitting in just fine without it at the moment.  For the taste?  I have some craft NA beers and don't miss anything else...So what is it you are looking for?  If it is the buzz that is probably not going to go well.  If the drug is the same and the craving is the same why would the result be different?
Well I tried it numerous times over the past several months and it didn't work.  I wanted to return to the days when drinking was fun.   I wanted to return to the days when I could stop after just a few.  I just couldn't do it.  I think once I reached the point in my drinking career where I was getting wasted in order to "chase the buzz" - which I never seemed to be able to catch up to before passing out a switch flipped. 
I've never in my life regretted a day of not drinking. Can't say the same about drinking. That alone is enough to stop any consideration of relapse for me personally.
It depends on how you drink I suppose. Personally I have no interest in one two or even three or four drinks. When I drink I've got to have 10 12 or more. Usually more. I honestly can't see the appeal of having one beer and stopping which is why I just can't drink at all. 
Read up bout relapses..N if u go do it prepare urself for hell
