-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ardbw5/relapsed_after_60_days_sober_what_do_i_do/

I had one beer after not being able to fall asleep tonight. It wasn't even that good. Where do I go from now on?
----------immediate responses--------

You have 60 days sober and one day of drinking. You can have your sixty-first day sober today or your second day drinking.
Welcome back! I'm on my fifth serious attempt to quit. For many of us this will take practice and we will have missteps. ..I hope you're feeling all right today- IWNDWYT.
Keep moving foward... if you dwell on it you're most likely gonna want another one for feeling guilty.. shit happens people fuck up but it's all about fixing it and going forward 
I wouldn't dwell on it OP. It's a minor setback. Get a badge request and remember that relapsing isn't worth the temptation. Now you have first hand proof! IWNDWYT 
Regain ur footing
Think about a month ahead and when you look back you can say you've had 1 drink in near 90 days what would you rather be saying? 1 drink in 90 days or going on a full scale bender and feeling like shite don't beat yourself up about the occasional slip. Think about why you want to stop drinking in the first place. 
Don't beat yourself up is the most important thing. Slips do happen. This is not a reason to turn a slip into a full blown relapse or a relapse into a bender clearly but it does happen. I mean essentially to everyone almost nobody gets sober without slipping statistically speaking it is entirely normal. A big key from my perspective is to try to keep from attacking yourself. It is normal common for an alcoholic to beat themselves up then say screw it they are too broken of a person and slide back into going back out fully. Just getting back on that horse as many times as it takes is vital. Not to let it be a reason to go farther. But to not compare your recovery to others. The idea is it is your recovery. So long as you try as hard as you can actually do that you will be aware you did. ..If you actually do try as hard as you can any slip is just a thing that happened and if you keep trying they will happen less often and farther apart until in all likelihood they will cease entirely in time. The biggest thing is to keep trying at recovery. Recovery does work but it often does not work the first time. I will give an example. My boss had 4 years sober then went back out for 3 months. This is not rare people in recovery do not like to emphasize slips and relapses do happen for those with serious recovery for obvious reasons. But by being in recovery he only went out for 3 months. ..In that time all he had built in 4 years of sobriety was still standing when he decided to go to rehab and back to recovery. Recovery is not perfect or linear. But with a recovery program of some sort AA is helpful but not all there is the person has tools to fix the issue way sooner and easier than before recovery. You are not a bad guy for having 1 beer. You have worked so hard to get 60 days. Honestly you are doing really well. I have no doubt if you try again you can see even more success just as 60 days was real success. I just hope things get so much better and easier you are doing great as corny as it sounds I really do believe in you you are obviously working so hard and I hope it all just improves so much. 
You didn't drink 60/61 of the days in the last 2 months which is less than 1%. You had one beer which is probably a small percentage of what you used to drink in a night. When we slip up we can learn from the experience ask why we said  yes  and how to deal with the thought next time. One small lapse we can move on from. I hope that you do!
Keep going with sobriety. Sounds like you did some valuable research and found out it's not worthwhile. I have heard from some people who needed more research and found out it wasn't worthwhile while sitting in a jail cell. ..Don't beat yourself up that's what the addiction wants. IWNDWYT. 
You have been very successful recently...60 days is awesome. ..What changed before the lapse? This can be a good learning tool.  ..Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
i'm back to day two after having 680 days - it happens with everyone and you just have to commit to being back if that is what you really want - for me it definitely is!
Start over.
You just start again! Don't pick up where you left off...Haha. Little pun.      IWNDWYT!!
Try again. Some people relapselearn from it. You are not alone.
Stay strong if it was a sport you'd be 60-1 over the last 2 months start a new streak and don't look back.
