-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/areca9/can_yall_please_remind_me/

Several invites to drink this weekend. Cravings for wine. Help me! Please remind me that I don't stop at one glass... please remind me that I'm an alcoholic and that I absolutely cannot start drinking again... it would be a relapse and it would spiral out of control again within the first week. .I have a friend going thru a break up and a cancer scare at the same time. He has been drinking like a fish and making bad choices... drunk texting me constantly. .My own mother invited me to come drink. .My significant other offered to bring a bottle of wine. .(All of these people know that I'm sober-guess they don't care because I've been doing so well that I don't mention it often)... .I just need a reminder for myself. And I guess I'll have to remind everyone else. .Thank you and IWNDWYT... 
----------immediate responses--------

You got this!  Just look at your counter and think how amazing you feel without booze.  Then play the tape forward and think about how guilty you will feel tomorrow!  Good luck and IWNDWYT
Absolutely remind them! It's tough enough getting invites or demands for drinking when friends don't know about our sobriety but I wouldnt like it much if they knew and still wanted me to go drinking. ..Just for today do not drink. Play the tape forward. Take a minute and recall your past troubles with alcohol and the reasons you stopped. Write them down. You sound similar to me I cannot just have one drink it is the first drink that makes me want a second third fourth.. It is not worth it. You got this!..Offer to help friends with a chat and cupper so you don't feel you must shut yourself off. Just let them know you are unable to drink it's not an option for you but you are still here. ..IWNDWYT friend
I'm at day one.  How I wish I was at day 104!  Hope to see you post day 208 when I reach your current milestone.  
You won't stop at one. I know I can't...yet. Not sure if I'll ever be able to because I'm just starting out but know this: if you drink you'll wake up in the middle of the night. You'll hate yourself. You'll feel shitty tomorrow. You'll have regret. I know I do/would. I'm not sure of the best way to quit (that's why I'm here) but I know just telling yourself  I can do this. I'll just have one. I'm strong and I know the consequences  doesn't  work. At least it doesn't for me. 
I can never have just one because I am a alcoholic..Maybe your like me. IWNDWYT.
Remember...you don't stop at one glass! But also...remember that you don't need it! You will be so much happier for overcoming
For myself I just don't want to go through the self loathing of failing again (I've tried to quit a little over 100 times).  I want to climb this Everest of self will and grace and bask in the view from the summit.  I will eventually have to come down (I can climb other mountains) but the effort has it's rewards.  As for being chained to the bottle again...the tightness avoiding mirrors the next day losing the will to keep my shit straight wasting my day watching the day go by in a haze worrying about the shit I said the night before and darkening the light within myself...leading to extinction...man I have to ask myself...WHY?  What's the fucking POINT?  I'm poisoning my EXISTENCE!  So that's why I would choose not to pick up that first drink...&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for the formatting...on the phone...&amp;#x200B;..I wish you the best of luck.  I will not drink with you today.
