-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arlray/day_four_could_someone_listen/

Idk where to start. Relapsed after a dui last year. Started drinking again and hiding it from the start... always a good sign. About 120 days down the drain. Wednesday in a drunken stupor I started reaching out for help my sister came after work. Dad drove 10 hours next morning to help. I'm doing this with doctors this time not weed. Clonidine for alcohol withdrawals and one for the depression. Withdrawals aren't nearly as bad as the were the first time but the weed helped coping with the sleep and eating. Idk if it's the meds or withdrawals but when I try to sleep it feels like I instantly slip into lucid dreaming. It doesn't feel like that good quiet sleep when your clean or and dead silent sleep when you're passed out. It's not restful. Most of my shakes are gone. Still sweaty as hell but that detox funk is gone thank god. Eaten twice since Wed and about to try again. Dad left at 5 this morning and I've never felt more like a child as I wanted to cry and hold him and just plead him to stay cause I'm scared. But I know this is my journey and he really saved me. I want these withdrawals to go away. I want to be better. I want to fix my depression. I want to be who I was 4 years ago. But I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

You will start to feel better but it takes time.  I always feel scared and anxious in the beginning.  I am on day three again.  In bed resting and trying to be kind to myself knowing that I need to give these feelings time to pass. You will feel better! Hang in there.   IWNDWYT 
Hey your story sounds close to mine.  I just went through withdrawals a couple weeks ago.  Day 4 landed me in the hospital.  I hadn't slept up to that point..and was straight up having a delusional panic attack...it was horrible.  The doctors gave me some xanex and valium while I was there just to help me relax and fall asleep... and then took librium for the next 4 days to help with the anxiety of withdrawal.  I'm really glad I got the medical help I only wish I hadn't waited so long to do it.  ..I'm on day 12 or so and I feel a ton better.  I'm also on lexapro (ssri) for anxiety and depression so thats starting to help too i guess.  I just went to the doctor and told him i was having pretty bad anxiety.  He said "lets try lexapro for a while and see if that helps".  It was easy.  But the point is each day I'm sober I feel a little bit better than the day before.  Just try to do sober things in sober places.  maybe try some exercise...i take a long walk every day weather permitting and it really helps.  Mindfulness meditation is awesome.  I'm also going to try and find a therapist to help deal with my anxiety problems etc. ..Best of luck you are not alone IWNDWYT
Thank you!!
Sober with you today.
I consider you to fortunate to have such good family members watching out for you and being there as a support network while the withdrawals pass also rooting for the sober you. I didn't have that type of support in mu early sobriety days and slugged it out at home with phone support from friends. Mu family truly is ignorant about addiction. ..This too shall pass. The sober life is truly amazing! Hang tight to it...IWNDWYT 
Sounds like you have a great support system and people who LOVE you. You also have a great plan in place and medical support. You can definitely do this!! Hang in there the first 7 days may be a bit rocky but we are here for you. Be kind to yourself. Try to eat regularly drink lots of h20 I magnesium and b12 can help rest when you can. Be patient. IWNDWYT!!     
Not a SINGLE drop of poison will ye ingest!
Have you considered AA? I tried it and fought the program the first time - I didn't believe in God I wasn't powerless etc. etc. - so it didn't help. 13 years later I went back after hitting rock bottom and stopped fighting the program and just listened. ..Made all the difference. I still don't believe in God and that didn't stop AA from helping me look at myself and make the changes that have kept me sober for almost six years. 
This story is very similar to mine. I don't know which way to turn. I've tried everything 
I just want to say I totally can relate to your feeling  somewhat childish  and never wanting your dad to leave. Hit me right in the feels man! I've been through some tough stuff lately addiction issues included and am lucky enough to have had the support of my fam (and friends!). I remember vividly never wanting a fam member to leave and being terrified. Or when I lived in the middle of the ocean thousands of miles away from them wanting nothing else than to have them by my side. We're lucky! Now if only I could find the words to express it to them and apologize for the bullshit too! 
Hi I am here and listening. Remember how you felt when you had a stretch of sobriety before? That feeling is coming back. You can do this. 
IWNDWYT
