-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aro8lo/struggling_to_get_sober/

I have been a really heavy drinker since I was 21. Shortly after I turned 21 I was sent to the hospital after mixing WAY too much alcohol with prescribed valium. I behaved erratically and got violent. Luckily I was sent to the hospital and not jail. ..That's me. I'm a very nice guy and have friends but when I drink I can turn into someone I don't like and I don't recognize. ..I was sober until 22. Then started again. I would start by only binging a few times a week recovering from the hangover for a day or two them going back at it. ..I have drank daily for the last 5 years. Sure I've had the rare month or week sober but my bad habits came back every time. ..I scream at myself and plead with myself internally "stop drinking!" "Please stop you're killing me." ..My hands have started shaking around 11 for a few days. I feel anxious and overwhelmed constantly. I almost never feel hungry or want food. I eat because I know what happens when I drink on an empty stomach. My memory is terrible and I'm only 31. My average is around 12 standard drinks nightly. ..I don't get hangovers anymore I get something much worse. Crippling anxiety. Running is the only thing that helps and there's so much snow that I can't run. ..Alcohol has taken so much from me. If I keep this up I know it will take my life. I'm very aware this will kill me. ..Like most alcoholics I don't love alcohol. I hate it! I've seen it destroy people close to me. ..It takes my money time and all my energy and it's taking my memories. ..I don't want this to dictate my life. It chooses everything for me. ..I'm sick and tired of feeling sick and tired. I'm in tears right now knowing I'll drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I wonder if it might be time to seek professional advice. But I can explain my experience in hopes it might trigger something.  ...I started sobriety in 2009 and it took many years of failing at life of reckless behavior couch surfing blacked out thievery being a major POS to get to the point where honestly my soul could take no more. My past had weighed so heavy on me. I can theorize why I drank abusive step dad parents divorced freshman year of high school but the reality is I had no control over my life in the final years of drinking and I had accomplished nothing.   ...I was 25 when I first started sobriety and I can't even explain how incredible I felt; I finally had the perfect opportunity to rewrite my life and man it felt amazing to know that no matter what I did in my past as long as I stayed sober and as long as I kept setting and achieving small goals that I could explain everything I had ever done wrong in my life and no one could tell me otherwise.  ...I was a new man and everything was perfect in my little world.   ...while I didn't attend AA for long I did my best to make amends with those who I wronged. My biggest motivation / obsession was the idea that I could rewrite my life. I was a disappointment and I was finally checking all of societies boxes.   ...I turned my negative addiction into positive and became quite addicted to running hiking and photography. I also stopped hanging around bars and parties and shows and anything that had alcohol present.  ...I think one of the most critical aspects of my early sobriety is confronting the issues in my head which meant asking my step father why he abused us - which was very difficult to say the least. While I never said I hated him I did hate him but I learned to forgive. I also started working on my inner issues like social awkwardness and confidence. I really took reconditioning my brain seriously and used every social interaction as a means of practice.   ...I just realized how much I wrote so I will stop.  ...my badge indicates that I have relapsed since then more than once - which I can admit yes I regret them but if nothing else they have revealed to me other triggers and how to cope to massive amounts of stress.  ...also I learned that I need to be more honest when I start feeling weak. I also need to remind myself of my past. Even after years of sobriety we are never safe...addiction doesn't seem to ever go away...  ...&amp;#x200B;
I remember feeling like you do now. I felt trapped in a web. Alcohol betrayed me. ..I saw a doctor and got medicine which made detox safer and easier. Rehab therapy outpatient treatment and AA helped me have the free happy sober life I dreamed about. ..Desperation was a gift because it made me willing to do whatever it took to get well. Are you there yet?
Alcohol has taken so much from me..Alcohol isnt even warmed up!!.Ditch that bitch booze before it really bitch slaps n strangles ur mind body and soul
