-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arw1lx/been_trying_to_get_sober_for_so_long_but_i_got_a/

Preface: been trying to get sober with AA for a few years. I'll get a few months then relapse. I live in upstate NY and travel for work...I was in Maine and made a bad choice to drink and then an even worse choice to drive. Got pulled over on the highway. This was a rental car for work. Failed field sobriety test. I asked for a lawyer in the squad car and before I blew in the breathalyzer at the jail. They said I refused to give a sample even though I blew and volunteered a blood sample which they never took. So they don't actually know what my BAC was. I'm looking at a refusal criminal DUI charge with possible jail time. Anyone else been in this situation or have any advice? ..I already have an attorney who specializes in DUI and am calling my insurance company today to get into a inpatient rehab. Hopefully for 30 days. I'd like my work to not find out about this....I know it's called OUI in Maine just wanted to make sure everyone understood what was going on.
----------immediate responses--------

I live right over the border from Maine and those cops are mother fuckers to out of staters...The charges that you describe are all piled on to get you to plead.  DO NOT PLEAD.  If your lawyer wants you to plead fire him.  It is a Maine lawyer correct?..Get a Maine lawyer he plays golf on the weekends with the prosecutor and probably has a child porn ring with the judge.  Do not plead...Oh is it time for a real assessment of how drinking is working out for you?
I live right over the border from Maine and those cops are mother fuckers to out of staters...The charges that you describe are all piled on to get you to plead.  DO NOT PLEAD.  If your lawyer wants you to plead fire him.  It is a Maine lawyer correct?..Get a Maine lawyer he plays golf on the weekends with the prosecutor and probably has a child porn ring with the judge.  Do not plead...Oh is it time for a real assessment of how drinking is working out for you?
I would take this very seriously as it sounds like a real matter of life and death. You could have been killed or worst hurt an innocent person. ..Do yiu want to stop drinking or are you just looking to get out of trouble?..Have you thought about a different program or other strategies to make a change?..At the end of the day to me the decision is simple esp if legal situation is involved - do i want to live or do i want to drink. ..
I was pulled over in New Hampshire for crossing lines I had been drinking all day and even had an open beer in the car; I easily failed the field sobriety tests. I refused the breathalyzer and blood tests knowing refusal would result in an automatic six month license revocation but I could have lost it for a year if I blew. ..anyway like you I hired a DUI lawyer and he got the DUI reduced to Reckless and the court suspended my license for six months for refusal and two months for the incident for a total of eight months ..but for the grace of something unknown I ended up getting my license back less than five months after suspension ..overall it sucked but I made the best of it. I bought a sweet road bike and started biking to work refusing rides from anyone...anyway best of luck ..
I'm not a lawyer but when I got in legal trouble when I was in the AA program I asked my friends in the program what to do.  I told them I was defeated I was filled with shame and failure and just wanted to pity myself into continuing using and drinking. I told them that the legal problem on top of my addiction was just to much to bare. They drilled it into my head that if I dropped drinking right now then it will at least mitigate whatever damage was already coming down the pike...I got more involved with the program got a sponsor. And started working the steps. I completely surrendered and started accepting responsibility for the damage and mistakes I made. Those DOES NOT mean I pled guilty to the first shitty deal I got a lawyer and used his experience and advice to make an informed decision...Combining not drinking and making the right choices working the steps by the time it came to plea out I was more than ready and accepting of the outcome. If I stop drinking I am able to handle anything that comes my way. The drinking had to be where I focus I had to stop drinking first...And ya know it turned out better than I ever could have expected and I was in some bad trouble. Good luck however you go about it.
Ok. Thank you for the clarification
Sorry this happened. I am in a similar situation. Don't worry about the consequences right now it will just bring you back to the bottle. If you have insurance and the cash call up Hazledon/Betty ford in center city Mn. They are the premier institution for alchoholics and the facility and staff are wonderful. Do the thirty days and make sure you set up aftercare when you get back. 
My buddy got a dui and they hit him with a refusal when he simply asked what he was signing. Get a lawyer and get a local one that may know judges and other officials. 
Stay calm..You didnt hurt any1..Now dont ever drink again
