-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aryxmz/relapsed_again_not_sure_if_my_marriage_will/

Hi all just needing to write it all out after a terrible relapse last night. Here I am on a Monday morning sitting on my couch hopeless. For some reason I can't get past 2-3 weeks of sobriety. ..&amp;#x200B;..My husband and I were booze buddies. When I quit drinking he was happy for me but also encouraged me to drink. This last week he offered me a beer and I declined. Yesterday we went out with friends I gave in and I completely blacked out. What's odd is that I turn into an angry drunk when I'm around my husband but if I'm around anyone else I'm pleasant. Not sure if our marriage will last if he continues to drink or keep it in the house. I have tried and failed on keeping my sobriety for the last 6 months. ..&amp;#x200B;..From the outside I look ok. Great job good family  my looks haven't gone to shit (yet). Just confused.
----------immediate responses--------

I would recommend checking out /r/alanon. You would think that having an alcohol problem ourselves would make us aware of how to deal with others that have the same problem. Not so. Learning to deal with and have a relationship with an active alcoholic takes special skills that aren't intuitive but can be learned.
This is a hard spot and one that I have been thinking a lot about lately. My partner stopped drinking a 2 months after me but has made no other effort towards recovery. Lately he's been talking about drinking again and says he if he does he won't do it around me. I'm pretty sure if he starts again it won't take long for him to be back to the daily half-liter with a six-pack chaser. I don't think I want to stay with him if that is the case. I still love him but I don't want to live that life or live with that life anymore. I'm so glad you are going to meetings and getting support. I am too and it has made a world of difference in how I look at things and how I make choices. I hope you can take some time to focus on yourself your recovery and your boundaries. Self-care starts here. Sending love and wishing you peace.  
Ur an angry drunk..Dont drink.Iwndwyt
