-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arzy9s/did_anyone_chronically_relapse_for_years_before/

I've been trying to get sober for almost 4 years now. The longest I've gotten is 6 months...I don't want to give up but I feel super low right now. I've  tried again  more times than I can count. I just need some hope right now.
----------immediate responses--------

From my experience plus what I've read here I think it's by far the norm than the exception...It took me a good 30 years to finally "get" it. I had stretches of sobriety during that period a few years in cases and then years stretches where I pretty much just drank through the day every day...I finally just got tired of it. I can't explain that much better...I was well into kindling where even just a few beer the night before left me depressed and anxious for the next couple of days. ..I was trying to run a small business and any kind of drinking took me from being present when I was working with clients. And my work suffered...After stretches of sobriety going from a few days to a few weeks then months I started liking myself and my life better...I still drink on the occasion but I catch it right away and I'm no longer a chronic drunk...Maybe sometimes you just age out of it. I don't know. I do count myself lucky...The one thing I did was not stop trying. That's all I can suggest. And keep coming here.
I tried to quit for 2.5 years never making it more than a few days. It seems to have clicked for me now.  One difference for me was when I started coming here every day.  Best wishes to you! You can do this!
I tried to quit for years and never made it more than a few days. When I look back I realized that I never actually *wanted* to quit. I had to change my mindset towards alcohol before I was able to be successful. I had to see it for what it was: an addictive poison that will eventually kill me. I also had to embrace the fact that moderation is an illusion and the only way I can control alcohol is simply not drink it.
O was trying to quit for two years.  I would get a lot of one week stretches some two weeks some 4-5 days etc.  Then I finally got tired of that and threw myself 100% into sobriety.  I started working on it every day several hours a day like it was my second job.  Every free moment it was a sobriety book or a sobriety podcast or being on here.  And that changed everything.  I learned a ton.  I addressed the problems around drinking and reasons for drinking instead of just trying to avoid it. I started telling people instead of hiding sobriety like a dirty secret.  I went all in.
My liver failed at 20. I remember the dr glaring at me. .I already have more health issues so this was a real fucking cherry..J went to the hospital because I was hit by a car. I wasn't drunk but a full body scan was completed. .He told a 20yrold party girl to stop. I didnt. I really think you have to lose everything..I got sober a couple later and was told by a dr to quit. I did. I then dated a heavy alcoholic and relapsed quite bit because of him. I thought if I drank he'd like me. I'd be fine. I fell in love with him and we later broke up. He still drinks. I cant stand alcohol or men that choose it over me. .I still love him but j cant go back it's not healthy. I lost him to alcohol and I wont ever let that shit happen twice. 
I quit drinking overnight a year ago. This was after 3 years of trying. For me I just needed to decide to stop. Doctors told me I had to stop! Counsellors told me I'd lose my family. My wife kicked me out and I just kept going. One night about a year ago I went on a bender and woke up in the spare bedroom alone and hungover. That was it the straw that broke the camels back. .I told my wife I was done of course she didn't believe me but I believed myself. I knew in the months before that the end of my drinking was coming but just wasn't sure when. ..That day the benefits of being sober outweighed being drunk. I didn't enjoy drinking anymore. I just wanted to be sober...A year later and I haven't drank. I've had a really stressful year but being sober has shown me that life is so much easier being sober. Life can still suck but it's 50 times harder when drunk 
I walked into AA July 2017 today I have 4 months of continuous sobriety. I was sober yesterday I'm sober rn I will likely be sober by the end of the day...I think just never giving up is what matters most. Don't get too down on getting down we're here to walk with you on the up! &lt;3
This is my 51st badge reset since October 2014. I've been trying moderation controlled drinking giving up completely and getting blackout drunk every day but I keep realizing one central thing. I feel better when I'm sober. That's why I keep trying. Life is better when you don't intentionally make it worse. I'm not going to drink today. Hopefully this one sticks. But for now IWNDWYT  
You are chronically in recovery. You can't relapse if you aren't trying. You have another chance not everyone does. Maybe now isn't the time to figure out why and instead take today and not pick up a drink. 
I have tried thousands of times to quit since 1999.  Don't give up we can do this!
Yep. I spent almost 2 years trying and failing again and again. Reset my badge countless times on here. Idk what was so different about this last reset but it's sticking so far and is the longest I've gone without alcohol in over a decade...I guess you try and fail so many times that you get sick and tired of getting sick and tired of it if that makes sense. And that is a very deep part of your mind that gets sick and tired of getting sick and tired. It beats just being sick and tired of drinking. It goes a whole layer deeper.
