-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/as1qj9/broken/

Guys I'm so broken...disappointed in myself discouraged I could go on and on.....I was coming up on 30 days I was struggling but I was doing ok. Then my brother in law (husband's brother) tragically passed away from an overdose on Superbowl night. I witnessed my other brother in law trying to resuscitate him I witnessed my husband watching as well...being helpless because he just had surgery 2 days prior. You see I had finally gotten my shit together after the passing of my cousin from the same exact thing (followed by my Aunt from lung issues). I was doing so good.    Now this. I'm a wreck. Trying to be strong for my husband and the rest of the fam. But fuck man.... .Alcohol is such a double edged sword. The helper/the destroyer. I hate this. I'll be pulling myself out of the pit once again...weaning ONCE AGAIN. Why can't I be "normal"? So angry at myself. So angry at life. I know things could be so much worse...people have it way worse. And that's honestly what I'm scared of.....Sorry I know this isnt helpful to anyone. But I needed to vent here in a place where others would understand...
----------immediate responses--------

Just because you think other people have it worse doesn't invalidate your suffering. - you are going through a tough time and you deserve to show yourself compassion. 30 days in a huge achievement please don't t forget that. You are still doing awesomely (is that a word?) because a slip up doesn't erase all that hard work you put in for those 30 days x
I cant relate to that but in all honesty wish you all the strenght! .I will not drink with you today 
I am sorry to hear of your losses.  I was angry too but I was mostly angry at alcohol for being a liar.  Everyone says drink to relax drink to unwind but it just gave me anxiety and panic attacks.  Drink to be social and fun but then I was alone with a bottle glued to my couch for days on end.  Drink to feel better but they really meant better for a few hours and then feel much much worse.  So many lies.
Wish you strength!.IWNDWYT
