-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/as3iad/advice_for_a_sober_lifestyle_mardi_gras/

I've been trying to get sober for years and lately I've had a surprisingly easy time of it. I'm on my third (fourth?) week and I've actually been a little nervous about how smooth it has gone. I don't want to get complacent. ..So my friend asked me to visit New Orleans on Mardi Gras with him. I've never been to a Mardi gras celebration and now I'm asking myself "How much do I have to give up? How careful to I need to be?" My initial reaction was no way I didn't even think that sounds fun sober. But my friends that are going are not big drinkers and have said they wouldn't drink at all if I go. They insisted it's not just about drinking I wouldn't know. They are supportive of my sobriety but don't struggle themselves. ..Im just looking for feedback and opinions and other people's personal experiences. I know I'll ultimately have to decide what's right for myself but I'd love some advice. How y'all make good sober decisions? What are your experiences with taking similar risks successful or otherwise? ..Thank y'all! IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Louisiana born and raised here and I'm currently on day 2 of sobriety. Drinking in my home state is a culture/lifestyle so it can be really toxic for alcoholics like myself. I know I have no self control and Mardi Gras is one of the biggest parties on the planet if not the biggest. There's absolutely no reason to be at a parade unless you're there to drink. Zero zip nada. I will be avoiding it like the plague.
I've been to NOLA a few times before I quit. It is a magical place. I had my bachelor party during Mardi Gras and Fat Tuesday. We had a mansion in the French Quarter. The parade went underneath our balcony. It was absolute mayhem...and I barely remember it..    .Honestly there is no fucking way I would've been able to get anywhere near that city during my first *year* of sobriety. MAYBE I could go back now with 2+ years under my belt but I'd still be hesitant.    .    .I'd go with your initial gut instinct on this one. If you're serious about remaining sober I'd skip it. Imagine an amusement park dedicated to alcohol. Even better...a water park but instead of water it was just hard liquor. Would you want to go there? That's basically Mardi Gras in a nutshell.
NOLA native here. You absolutely can have a great Mardi Gras sober but it does take resolve and careful planning (I didn't need booze to enjoy the hell out of Carnival as a kid growing up here). Being so new to recovery I'd probably advise against it unless you have a really solid plan. There will be drinking everywhere all the time and it could be too much for someone whose sobriety isn't rock solid. That said the parades are amazing and I love them without having to drink but YMMV. Hope this helps!
All this said if and when you do decide to visit NOLA know that we have an awesome recovery community here and we looooove visitors.  Believe it or not there are tons of amazing things to do see experience and eat in New Orleans that require zero drinking (which a lot of people never realize because they're too busy puking Hurricanes into the potholes on Bourbon Street). 
