-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asdg4u/100_days/

100 days I said no to my demons. .100 days I went to bed sober..100 days I woke up without instant anxiety and regret. .100 days I tucked my son in without a buzz. .100 days I experimented with seltzer water. .100 days I came to work not smelling like wine. .100 days I dealt with anxiety and tried to find alternate ways to cope. .100 days I silently begged my husband for forgiveness for the years of not being whole or fully present. .100 days I wondered if I'll be strong enough to keep this going for life. .100 days I hid in shame scared to share my struggles and successes with friends coworkers and loved ones. .100 days I have visited this subreddit for a source of hope and inspiration. ..Thank you all for your help with the first hundred. Here's to many MANY more for you and me. 
----------immediate responses--------

What an achievement! I'm sure you've accomplished even more than you can possibly tally over those 100 days. You deserve to be very proud of yourself and you deserve even more great days ahead of you! Congrats! IWNDWYT
Thank you for your 100 days look-back. I am not so eloquent but I did make my 100 3 days ago.
Congrats! You have really done something of which you can be very very proud! I am not all that far behind you and look forward to seeing triple digits...Thank you as well for your inspiration!
Congratulations and I love your username!
Wow. What a great story and very motivational. 
      
Congratulations. IWNDWYT.
Congratulations mate. 
Congrats on your 100 days. What amazing strength. Thanks for sharing! 
Congrats!
Congrats! Thanks for the inspiration 
Hands down...the best 100 Days post I've read on stopdrinking.  Damn that was gooooood.  I wish you many many more 100 day celebrations into the future!  I will not drink with you today and I'll write my hundred days....in 95.
Very awesome to hear! Keep it up!
Congrats!! I'm on day 6 just 94 more to go!
Such honest and beautiful words. Congratulations on a huge accomplishment. 
Congratulations...Tucking in my little guy has been one of the most wonderful pleasures in my sobriety. I read him a story wrap him up nice and give him his snuggles. Just such a great feeling...I've made it a life goal for him to never see his dad drunk. ..It only gets better.
I wondered too if I'd be strong enough to keep this sobriety going for the rest of my life. Like Price said Forever is a mighty long time. So I didn't drink one day at a time. It got better and easier. Realizing that I have a progressive disease known as alcoholism has helped me to accept that I cannot drink alcohol again and I won't drink with you today. Congratulations on your one hundred days    
Huge milestone congratulations!  
Wonderful words. It is so worth it. Congratulations 
Congratulations on your success! One more day today I'm with you not drinking.
Molly wobbles not!.You sound very strong to me well done! ..*Raises a glass of tap water. To the next century of days.
Congrats!!!
