-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asfd26/ive_been_lying_about_my_recovery_today_i_come/

I've been in the program for about five months or so and throughout I have not been able to put together any significant periods of sobriety. The last relapse I had was a few weeks in the making and I refused to be honest with myself about what was going on. I let it happen. For the last few weeks I have been claiming sobriety but the honest truth is that I have been sporadically using.  I have put myself into situations where I could indulge but didn't buy or have on hand so it was sporadic. But when I did indulge it was always to excess. Big surprise...I continued to lie to myself to my sponsor to my therapist and to my groups...This came to a head on Sunday when I went to a step meeting and it was step 5. It's usually a big meeting but that day it was not and there were some truly mind blowing shares. A lady who is not usually there shared about her journey of recovery and how she had lied about her recovery and about how she was always controlling the narrative of how she came across. She shared about how she only started to recover when she started being honest. Another woman shared about her step journey and how she always told little bits of her story to different people so everyone had a piece but no one had the whole thing. What struck me was that everything she was saying was in my head. She was saying what I was thinking and she had done what I have been doing...Never had a meeting struck at my core so strongly. I thought I would have to take my secrets to the grave. I considered leaving AA because I was not man enough to own up to my mistakes to lay my imperfection out and say this is who I am and this is what I have done. ..The next day I had my therapy appointment and I confessed what I had done. I laid my lies out to him and I was shown compassion. My trust was not violated. I was comforted. I felt free. I knew what I needed to do and that was be truly honest with my sponsor and with my group...I texted my sponsor this morning that I needed to speak with him and that's what I am going to do when I come home from work tonight. After that I will be going to my home group to admit my faults admit my imperfection own up to my lies and lay bare who I am and what I have done...AA is not about showing everyone how strong you are it is about being ruthlessly honest. To thine own self be true. Never have those words meant so much to me...Bringing things to light is never easy and is often terrifying. Our secrets make us sick and the embarrassment of admitting our mistakes is caused by our addicted mind and not our true self. It is the shame that once again we have become victims of our own deluded thinking. Addiction wants nothing more than to keep us in the dark and afraid of the truth. To speak truth real truth is to shine light on darkness; to chose connection over isolation. Growth is never easy. To truly grow as a person and understand who we are and not who we pretend to be requires a leap of faith that we can admit to our fellows that this is what I've done this is who I am. The trust that we can lay bare our inadequacies and vulnerabilities and be accepted with open arms and compassion. Only through that admission of our real self can we grow and further understand ourselves...Wish me luck. I love you all whether I know you personally or not. 
----------immediate responses--------

Progress not perfection..IWNDWYT!
Good for you and good luck!! Wishing you the best
I feel that it's better to live in the light not hiding in the dark even when it hurts our eyes. ..You have a clean slate my friend. Good on ya. Iwndwy! 
Now that's what I call a moment of clarity! Thank you for sharing and congrats on your first step in true recovery. I may not know you personally but I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT   
I feel that today you are changing your life in the deepest most fundamental and positive way possible...My reaction is to wish you luck however my deepest instincts tell me that you do not need luck. I do though want to wish you my full support and I really hope that you will continue to share your journey...I think that you are wonderful.
Congrats!!  Great decision!!..IWNDWYT 
Dude...you rock...Good on you for sharing your honesty with your sponsor :).
I admire your courage
Good on you for your commitment to honesty. That must be so tough but freeing once it's out there. I don't know if I'd have the strength to come clean like that. You said "Our secrets make us sick" and that really hit home for me. I'm not lying about my recovery but I'm dealing with the past this week and learning that trauma can hide within you without your even realizing it.
Thank you for this beautiful honest share. It's really striking a chord with me tonight. I haven't been able to get through step 5. Thank you for sharing. It's making a difference for me. IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
Intense. Only you know the truth at all times. Good luck.
I needed a lot of this today. Today was tough - very tough. I can relate so much to what you said about trying to control how we portray ourselves. I'm learning that trying to control every aspect of my life is impossible. I cannot control the actions or thoughts of others only of my own.
Well the meeting went exactly the way I thought it was going to go. I was met with nothing but love and support. I am truly grateful for the men in the group and for everyone here. Today I start anew...I have four days clean and sober.
Not to call you out but there was a post recently with many people on here advocating not resetting their badge so long as they hadnt *abused* alcohol I mean the name of this sub is stop drinking. That comment got several upvotes and people patting that person on the back sounds like one of the several hundrend different attempts I had to moderate hide put my drinking on hold ect ect without ever attempting to stop. First it would be Ill only have a drink once a year at a toast then its only once in a blue moon...then in about 2 days I was hidding vodka bottles in the closet and I would get so drunk my wife would know anyways and if she didnt I would never be able to hide my liver from the alcohol damage. Point is ive been there.
I too lied about my recovery in AA. I always had this deep down feeling that I had to do it right. At times it just stressed me out and I drank even more. It wasn't that I didn't believe in the step work or that I hadn't officially hit my personal bottom. It was a feeling of inadequacy. Turns out one of the reasons I've hidden behind a bottle since an early age was because I felt inadequate. Your post really gave me a sense of ease and helped me to remember that I am not perfect and that I'm really fine with myself today. I have 3 days after a relapse that lasted 4 years and I struggled those 4 years. For some reason today and after reading your post I'm not struggling and I don't feel I need to fight it :) ..Thank You .. I needed to hear you !!
well done you've taken a big step.  good luck moving forward.  ..IWNDWYT
I had a really bad relapse this past week. So much so that I called out from work to stay home and drink which led to my next day of work being extremely hungover the whole time and carrying on with the being sick bit. I lie a lot about my recovery (or lack thereof) as well. Thank you for your words and I Will Not Drink With You Today.
There is nothing more beautiful than embracing truth no matter how ugly it is.    
