-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asil70/6_months_in_how_do_you_longtimers_deal_with/

I don't think I'm at risk of relapsing over this but boy it's hitting me like a ton of bricks...It turns out sobriety is a double-edged sword.  On the one hand you aren't numb.  On the other hand you feel everything...I'm experiencing all sorts of emotions that have slowly been creeping back through the past 6 months.  Sure happiness is there (right up there with pride in myself for my accomplishment) but there's also loneliness sadness guilt hopelessness.  I feel like I'm broken. I can't concentrate at work.  I've been damn near reduced to tears just thinking about the news and state of the world.  My jaw hurts from clenching my teeth because of stress (which hasn't ever been a thing in my 36 years on the planet).  I've been seeing a therapist for the past 3 months which is helping with some of my past issues but it doesn't help me manage myself in my day-to-day life...I know that alcohol will not make any of this better so it's not even a consideration but I would like to hear from others who have made it out of the alcoholic haze.  I feel like all the reasons I drank were just quietly waiting for me and now I'm conscious again they don't want to form an orderly queue...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I've been damn near reduced to tears just thinking about the news and state of the world. ..Oh I know. I'm right there with you...But trust the plan. The Great Awakening is here...WWG1WGA!
I got really into listening to Tony Robbins.  No kidding.  At first I thought but this is cheese!  I'm happy for a day!  But wait- I'm happy for a day.  And in that day I practice refocusing and then I listen again the next day and recall that I can refocus.  And it's grown on me.  I am a stronger happier person because of the directions I cast my mind into and the things I decide to participate in and how I go about choosing to do that.       maybe there's a voice out there that can help you find your better focus too.  As far as the state of the world goes I participate in it.  We all do every one.  So I get to make my part count for what it's worth.  I think it's worth more than we generally give it credit for.  We are after all a global community of individuals butterflies flap their wings I better my life who knows what the results may be.  There's hope in a loving contribution that's what I break it down to when it feels overwhelming.  Big hug!  I (happily) wont be drinking with you.  
If you are like me you spent your entire adult life drinking and not really dealing with real emotions and such. It takes time to learn how to be without all of that. ..Time is the great healer but is speeded by yoga meditation counseling recovery groups working out friends hobbies volunteering and more. ..Thanks for sharing. 
Your brain is still healing and trying to find balance. It can take over a year for our minds to acclimate to an alcohol-free life.    .    .Mindfulness meditation and exercise (yoga in particular) have been extremely valuable tools in staying even-keeled. 
It took a while for my brain to heal. At 6 months I was feeling pretty raw and broken too. Meditating helped me cope. I had to find ways to support myself when I started feeling down (relax play/listen to music exercise talk to people about what's bothering me.) I had to avoid the things that made me feel worse (isolation self-pity resentment bitterness.) 
I'm not being glib - in addition to the exercise therapy meditation antidepressants etc. - ask your dentist about s custom bite guard to wear when you sleep. I love mine. At least on bad days your teeth won't hurt. .IWDWYT
Stay strong!.Get u a new hobby!
