-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asjbg7/if_you_are_thinking_about_drinking_again_read/

I'm almost six months sober today. I was sober for almost fourteen months before I relapsed. Within one month of relapsing I was drinking all-day everyday and within three months I was back in the hospital being detoxed. It took two more trips to the hospital five MORE days of hospitalization and six weeks of intensive out-patient treatment to get me through. I'm have over $10000 in medical bills which I can't pay my wife and I are barely speaking as she no longer trusts me and is terrified I will relapse again ..I cannot describe how terrible my relapse was for me on my mind body marriage and my wallet. DO NOT DO IT! A world of pain awaits. If you're thinking about drinking again read this post again. ..I will not drink with you today. Just for today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed this thanks. 
I screen shot this and saved it thank you for bearing your soul and sharing. I know it was painful but know that it will remain with at least one person (me) from here on. Take care best to you.
And.... this is why I stop in here every few months. Thank you for sharing your story. 
Really needed this. Sometimes the pain of living feels unbearable and I don't care if I won't like the consequences of drinking as long as I can numb out. I realize this thinking either leads to sobriety or death. 
Thank you for sharing this &lt;3
I needed this. I was starting to minimize the consequences in my mind and glamorize the past. I'm sorry you had to go through this and am glad you're back and ok! Stay strong friend. IWNDWYTD
Needed this badly! Thanks!
Wow. I do not want to go back to the person I was as a drunk.
Thank you for sharing this. Sometimes when I'm in a dark frame of mind I think I want to try drinking again. Go to that new brew pub that opened when I was eight months sober. I got this. But I know in my heart that my progressive disease known as alcoholism will kick me down that slippery slope and I will learn how steep it is. I need stories like yours to remind me of the harsh reality of alcohol. I'm sorry you had to go through that prolonged detox and recovery cycle but I'm also happy for you reaching six months sober again. There's no way I'm drinking with you today. One day at a time.  
Stay strong man!! 
Your relapse story is so broadly similar to mine that I won't waste time re-hashing the details here. I'll just say you are right.
The thought always sneaks up on me and sticks in there all day until I'm stopping at 7-11 on the way home from work and thus begins the new round of regret and false promises. Thank you for your words and everyone's words here. 
My 54 day sobriety ended on friday. 4 days of drinking and the aftermath was the worst I've ever felt. Shakes anxiety insomnia I felt so damaged. I can't understand why I ever took the bottle. Being a drunken mess and the suffering afterwards is not worth a damn thing. I'm longing the feeling I've had through those 54 days of sobriety it's been the best times I've had for so long. I hate drinking so much I wish I'd never touched it in my life. I will not drink with you today.
I'm going to favorite this post and save it for the inevitable day that I start thinking I'm normal again. I will never be anything but an alcoholic and IWNDWYT 
Amazing how destructive it is and how available it is. Thanks for posting to remind me that sobriety is the only choice for me and it's not a light choice. 
Thank you so much for sharing this.
Thanks for writing this. 14 months is something to be proud of.
I upvoted because of your strength honesty and because most of all ... I can truly say I understand and am struggling as well. Good luck my friend.
Thank you for sharing reminders like this keep me going. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for the reminder. Been in a pretty dark place lately and overall there's been very minimal thoughts of turning to alcohol (I don't even think about it anymore) but there have been 2-3 times over the past few months where I've missed the numb disassociation of alcohol. 
I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for your post. I helps me tremendously today. Stay strong. 
Yeah this shit is no fun. I had my share of legal and medical bills all due to selfish drinking. Fuck that crap. Glad its in the past. But never forget and always have guard up. 
Been thinking about drinking the depression away these weeks already feeling like I'm relapsing. Thank you so much for this insight i will not drink with you today hope your marriage debts and mind get better with time.
I wasn't thinking about it today but it's always good to hear these reminders...I'm glad you're back with us now. IWNDWYT!
Thanks for sharing this. I know it isn't easy but it really does help others. All my best. 
I'm at 6 months right now and every so often I get the relapse dream where I convince myself in my dream that I can moderate. Wake up thankful every time that I'm still sober. Worst fear is to go back to the booze. I'm only 23 and it's done enough damage in my life that going back is my worst fear. 2 attempts at suicide 2 DUI's and so many days of alcohol withdrawal/hangovers that it hurts to think about. 
IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing this. Take it a day at a time with us. I hope you and your wife can work out your troubles.
Thanks for sharing this. I will not drink with you today.
I posted this as a message to myself. I'm glad it has resonated with others as well...For clarity I am almost six months sober post-relapse. I was about fourteen months before I relapsed. I am doing really well aside from the marriage and money issues. ..I will not drink with you today. Just for today.
Thanks for posting.  I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for the reminder.  I wish you nothing but the best getting through this.  Congratulations on your 6 months!  IWNDWYT
I do regularly need to remind myself that the relapse gets worse every time. I have my own history to back that up. The last one ended in the hospital with pancreatitis and DTs and it's hard to get worse than that and come out of it alive..
Yep sober for 7 years and still check this sub whenever I start to waver
Eye opening. Next friday is 6 months for me..Thanks for your insight and honesty..Iwndwyt
Thank you for posting 
Thanks for sharing. We all need to be reminded from time to time that drinking is not all party hats and confetti. The dark side does rear its ugly head. IWNDWYT
This is what I needed to read today! ..I move out of my controlled living situation to a big girl apartment in a month and I've been grappling with having a celebratory  no one will know  bottle demolishing the 6 months poison free streak I have going. ..The thing is after I have one  no-one-will-know  drink I'll have one each day until I'm living in the dumpster behind my beautiful new apartment. ..IWNDWYT! 
&gt;Just for today..key..I still say this.  ..I won't drink today.  Easy.  Probably not tomorrow either but I'll deal with that then
Thank you for sharing and grats on six months post relapse!..IWNDWYT.
Powerful post. Thanks for sharing. I get the same urges for "just one" at the most random times it seems. It's good to have a reminder of what can go wrong. I know that "just one" is never enough for me.
Thanks for sharing your wisdom bud
I was going to say that you earned your wife's mistrust but then I read your post again and noticed you bookended a horrible bender with 14 months on one side and 6 months on the other. You have earned some trust. ..I hate the interaction with relationships and alcohol. I'm lucky to have sobered up on my own.....and yeah it was amazing seeing my online prospects double when I changed my profile to "never drinks". Anyway I've been under relational pressure to not drink and it never helped. At. All. ..Yours was a hard post. This is hard stuff. "Rah rah we're not poisoning ourselves" but you know fuck it **rah rah we're not poisoning ourselves** and I will not drink with you today. 
One day at time. Don't beat yourself up.  That chapter is over. Start a new one. Win your wife back. 
I am so sorry that you have gone through that; I hope this time is the one that makes you realize we can never moderate. Good luck my friend and IWNDWYT!
Thank you for this...My situation is nowhere near as dire as yours but there are mounting consequences and a growing sense of self-loathing. More to the point I feel like every time I relapse after an extended period of sobriety it gets harder and harder to find my way back...But damn it if you can make it six months under such difficult conditions I can make it through today...You're an inspiration and IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for sharing. 
It always amazes me how similar I am to people here. A year clean. Start drinking near Christmas. Walking out the hospital a month ago. 
Thank you for this.  I am 11 days sober and feeling so much better.  Yet the little voice is omnipresent.  It WANTS me to take that first drink so bad.  I am going on a business trip in about 10 days and the voice is telling me over and over that this will be my chance.  My chance to drink because nobody is watching.   Because I have a night in a hotel to myself.  It's unreal.  ..I will heed your warning and be prepared with phone numbers.  I will continue to talk to my sponsor about it.  I will visualize myself having a soda on the plane a healthy dinner by myself and a good nights rest before my business meeting the next day.  ..Sorry you had to go through that and continue to have trust issues with your wife.  Time will heal.  Stay strong.  I will not drink with you today.
THANK YOU.  I'm so sorry you're going through this but thank you for sharing this and helping others avoid suffering.  I wish you all of the best!
Thanks for sharing your experience your story will help me stay strong today and in the future. 
This kind of post is very important to remind all of us...&amp;#x200B;..Congrats on your six months...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Thanks for this fear is an under appreciated motivator
Want to jump in here - congrats for being able to eventually get sober again  - re your user name - in my experience there is no reason you can't be happy in recovery.....Second to pile on - In my volunteer work attending AA meetings in prison I have seen many examples of where 1 drink lead to decades behind bars and not the kind of bars with whiskey and jukeboxes...Also in AA on the outside I've seen it lead to death.  Have been to too many funerals.
I had 109 days and then got hammered by myself one night because I was keeping a secret.  That's an interesting thing.  Anyway thanks for posting.  IWNDWYT!
I needed to see this today. Thank you for posting. 
Damn alcohol... ..&amp;#x200B;..My wife finally divorced me after so many relapses. I don't blame her. Shit I didn't even want to be around myself...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
That's my greatest fear.... giving in and ending up right back to my $15 a day habit.
That sounds like a rough ride. It's crazy how quickly a relapse can get lead to a complete spin out. This a progressive disease that we're dealing with and things can get dark quick after a certain point..As someone who has been there himself with spinning out more than once I wholeheartedly agree: DON'T DO IT! ..While relapses happen you're not obligated to have one. ..I really admire people who can pull off recovery without them and pray every day that my most recent relapse will really be my last. ..I'm glad that you've got your six months chalked up OP which is no small feat. Wishing you the best with your marriage and continued sobriety.
Keep it up... one day at a time. I am currently drunk and I am hoping that I can STOP drinking now!!
And to think I almost caved and picked up a daiquiri otw home from work today. Glad I didn't!..IWNDWYT 
