-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/askb1t/im_killing_me_and_im_all_they_really_have_iwndwyt/

I'm a drunk and I'm a Dad but I'm a Dad first and foremost but a drunk I have always been for as long as I care to remember...let's say college...Sober now but coming off a two day bender.  ..My heart is breaking for my kids because I know that they struggle with my mood swings and irritability as much as I do and it's not their problem it's mine...My thoughts go like this: I'm so mean and impatient that my kids already know me for being the terrible human that I am.  Why change when you can't erase the years of misparenting I've already bricked in their early development...I really need prayer(?) for healing.  Healing for myself and my children.  ..Their Mother loves them and does the best she can but she is by no means a model parent either no disrespect intended...If I die from this broken heart a heart that breaks for my children a heart that can't find the patience or love or compassion to be a parent as easily as it reaches out for another bottle of beer to douse it's seemingly sworn enemy "brain" then where can I find some hope?..I can't give up because my kids truly need me.  I just hope that they can forgive me for being such an irritable asshole because I can't find it in my heart to forgive myself...I feel irredeemable.  It might really help to hear from some other Dad's ab how putting down drink has improved the relationship they have with their kids.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
I watched my grandfather drink his life away. Who knows what was going through his head... He never did get sober and he never spoke about it so I will never know...However I saw how it affected my mother. To not have a dad -- for him to be there physically but never really *there*. To watch him pass out on the front lawn or at the dinner table. To see him rarely able to string any words together that made any sense...The disease seems to have skipped a generation and found me. I am able to have relationships with my family members today... I am able to not actively harm them and when I slip up (just checked; still human) I'm able to right my wrongs today. ..I've recovered. Not cured never cured and I know today that I can never drink again. But the beautiful thing is that I don't want to. And I don't have to either.
Hey man. Sorry to hear you are hurting. Maybe some of my story can help. I'm pretty new to this (44 days and 44 YO). ..I have been drinking for 30 years. I ruined more than one relationship because of drinking. I know what it feels like to feel hopeless and like I could never stop drinking. ..I have two young kids who I love dearly. And yet when I was drinking I was not doing my best as a father or husband. I was selfish irritable impatient and quick to yell. I am still struggling with remorse over my utterly ridiculous behaviour. ..All of that was due to either being drunk or chronically hungover. ..I now understand somewhat how alcoholism is a progressive thing. It just gets worse and worse. I tried moderating and setting rules. I either lawyered my way around them quickly or I was even more miserable when I tried to stick to them. How the hell was I supposed to get drunk on 3 beers. It's a preposterous notion. ..I really started worrying about two years ago. Doctor was unimpressed with my weight and elevated liver whatever it is. I just lied to him and never went back for the follow up. ..Just before Xmas my brother in law died of aggressive cancer. He left behind two beautiful kids and a lovely wife. He had it all and still got cut down. It shook me hard. Xmas was very sad and I power drank through most of it. ..I knew how unhappy my wife was and I figured I had less than 6 months before she packed up the kids and left me to drink myself to wherever I wanted to go because it was obvious I didn't want them. ..I decided to try dry January but even that I didn't start until the 5th as I had the house to myself and why waste a weekend alone by trying to get sober. ..I started on the Sunday and told myself I would give it 30 days. I had to prove to myself I could stop drinking for 30 days. Otherwise I was definitely an alcoholic. ..Not gonna lie the first week sucked a lot. It was hard. I had cravings. I wanted to check out. I wanted to drink. But I made it. Now I only had 3 more weeks then I could drink again. ..And then a funny thing started to happen. I started to think. I started looking at where I had been and where I was. I was calmer. I didn't blow up. I didn't feel like shit every morning. I actually started to feel human again...So I rolled with it. As the days added up I thought more and more about my relationship with alcohol. I found this sub and read everything. So many stories inspired horrified gave hope scared the crap out of me and every one of them seemed so genuine. This sub really is a testament to the good side of people. ..This is getting longer than I intended but bear with me. ..When I finally got to 30 days I was so happy. I'd done it. And I didn't want to stop. I set a new date of May 1 and that's my new target. I am still quite uncomfortable with saying never again. Seems unattainable. But I can do 10 more weeks. ..I really encourage you to try 30 days. That's it. At the end you get to decide if you want to drink try to moderate ( won't work for me or many on this site) or you can keep going sober. The 30!days will dry you out and give you enough space to make some rationale informed decisions about what you want your future to be. ..For me my life has improved immeasurably. I am calm. I cope with whatever comes at me. I apologize when I screw up. I still make mistakes but I don't get angry. I don't yell. I talk. My marriage is healing. We are planning the future again together. ..I'm losing weight working out. Confidence is returning. So many positives and to keep that going all I have to do is not drink. ..Radical honesty with myself has shown me that alcohol and I are done. 30 years. Pretty sure there is nothing left to discover on that path. ..You can do this. Dig deep and find the strength. Use your kids to find the strength. They put up with your shit for years. Now you can do something concrete to improve your situation. 30 days. ..Those 30 days saved my life. ..Read and post. This community is remarkable wise kind. ..You can do this. It starts with one day. Then the next. ..Wishing you luck and hope you too can find a different path to walk. Sounds like you are pretty tired of the one you are on ..Embrace the suck. There is hope on the other side. ..
Mom here but we're in the same boat. ..It started when my SO got sick. Like chronically ill-holy-shit-this-is-bad sick. ..I started to realize that if he died my kids would be left with *me* and that was terrifying. I was a moody bitchy intolerant asshole and they deserved more than me. ..It took multiple failed attempts at sobriety but each time I built little foundations of happiness that wouldn't have happened otherwise. ..Snuggles after baths instead of fantasizing about my wine downstairs. Giggling over building silly houses out of boxes. Don't get me wrong it wasn't all unicorns. I was still moody. I still craved. Early days sucked and I just tried not to inflict it on them as much as I could. ..Slowly those little tidbits turned into bigger moments then into family traditions then into genuine laughter with my kids. ..Now I read to my little girl every night before bed. My son clings to me in the mornings and rests his head on my shoulder with little contented sighs. ..Once when he was sick he even demanded to be held by only me. And this is a kid who flipped if anyone other than Daddy tried to comfort him. ..They notice I promise. They notice when we're  sick   and they notice when we're present. ..None of it was or is easy and I lose my cool more than I'd like. But I remember that at least I'm here I'm sober and my kids can tell the difference. ..You can do this man.  Just for today you can choose to not drink. Worry about tomorrow tomorrow. .I'm here with you. .IWNDWYT. 
Much appreciated. Candid and inspiring to know that you're doing it right.
I'm sending thoughts of healing your way! ..I'm a dad and sobriety has made me a better dad.  When I was drinking all I wanted to do was get to the drink.  I wasn't present as I should have been for my kids.  Sobriety helped me be present and all around better for my children...Best wishes to you!
