-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asqsg5/i_vaguely_remember_who_i_used_to_be/

I'm sitting here in my schools common area. I'm very hungover. I cant force myself to go into my schools welding shop. This isn't the first time either that I've missed class time from being hungover. Every time I feel this terrible from drinking the night before I tell myself to stop. I'll lay in bed or be on a bus and repeat to myself in my head like a mantra "I dont need to drink. I'm not going to buy beer. I'm going to stop". I'll maybe make it a day or two but I'll cave again at the next convenient chance. Whether it be on my way home quickly stopping at the liqour store or going to a pub down the street from my school and having a few before my bus comes. My girlfriend of almost 4 years now sees me struggle. What she doesnt see is how much I drink before getting home though. I'm supposed to be cutting back. Not getting drunk 4-5 times a week. Not coming home with beer all the time. And I'm drinking behind her back hiding it. Saying I hate myself doesnt quite do it justice. ..My drinking has escalated over the last 4 years. It started with a bad break up and worsened with my dad dying. I remember being creative. Having soulful conversations with people. Being excited about holidays and seeing family. Caring about my body and how I looked at myself in the mirror. Shit I used to have a sex life. I used to be happy. .Why the fuck cant I stop?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Hang in there.  We have all been in your shoes before.  It seems very daunting once we have dug ourselves into a hole.  However it doesn't have to be like that anymore and you can get out.  With a will there is a way.  Perhaps a group meeting to get the ball rolling ?
. I remember being creative. Having soulful conversations with people. Being excited about holidays and seeing family. Caring about my body and how I looked at myself in the mirror. ..If u were this way once THEN YOU CAN be this way once more!!!
