-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asry9u/struggling_right_now_really_bad/

I was at home doing paperwork and this super bad craving happen got dressed with every intention of going to the liquor store..but now I'm sitting in Starbucks watching a friend work. ..I would lose the fragile trust I'm building with my husband and parents the fragile pride I have with each day i do not drink another morning to not wake up with a hangover probably gain another few pounds from alcohol calories....I want to be able to look at myself in the mirror again and not cry each time I want to be able to finish one damn project in my house without losing so much time to my drinking I want to lose this weight that contributes to my depression I want the energy to be able to really work in my garden this year. ..I really needed this dump of my thoughts.  ..NOT TODAY ALCOHOL NOT TODAY AND NOT WITH ME .IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Not today!..You've got this!
Getting out of the house helps me a lot. Movies are good. I live in DC so I often go to Reagan INTL airport grab lunch and people watch. Anything that grabs ALL of my attention works great. I live that not today not me!
Good for you!!  IWNDWYT 
Omg you're amazing for not giving into it. I'm not drinking with you today! 
The book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace really helped me. You got this! Stay strong and think of how great you'll feel when you wake up tomorrow with no hangover!
Great move getting out of the house. ..You talked a fair bit about what you want to do about what's on your agenda. That's awesome or at least that's my $0.02 on it. The more good stuff you do the more you build the worse it sucks for alcohol to get in the way. I believe in starving the beast. ..IWNDWYT. 
You are doing good!  I like to garden too... why not wonder around Lowe's and see what new things they have to help make your garden even better this year?? ..&amp;#x200B;..I am choosing to not drink today with you :)
I love to garden and I also love plants in general. I found a gorgeous nursery with aisles and aisles of beautiful plants and it's hardly ever busy. ..When I've been down before I have gone by myself there and looked for a new plant or just took some pictures. It helps. ..IWNDWYT 
Proud of you! You've got this.
Inspiration. Be strong. Thanks for the story.
Good!.Stay away from that poison AND u will flourish!
I find it's helpful for me to remember that all good things come at a price and don't come easy.
The craving days are the worst. I've had a couple now. It's tough but try to occupy your mind with anything other than the thought of drinking. Music always helps me...Just remember you're stronger than you give yourself credit for and you can do this one minute at a time...IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
