-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asva1f/4th_day_and_struggling/

Hi!..&amp;#x200B;..  I've been a heavy drinker for almost 10 years.  Every night I would hammer down between a six pack of beer and half 1.75 liter bottle of liquor.  I couldn't quit cold turkey without withdrawl so I weaned down.  I made it about 3 months moderating and then got bad again after a week in mexico.  Around the first of the year I made another weaning attempt and failed.  First week of Feb I tried and made it 4 days and then got wrecked and sucked right back in.  I immediately started working my way back down again.  Here I am on day 4 of not drinking again and I'm really struggling.  I don't ever want the heavy withdrawls again.  I'm feeling hyper my heart rate is 116 and I'm having difficulty focusing.  Just made a cup of Chamomile tea and am looking for suggestions for the craving/withdrawl I'm feeling.  Any help would be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear your struggling. Have you eaten? I find a big meal gets rid of the cravings.
I can only suggest seeing a doctor and explain to him what you just did for us here...There are short term medications that can help tremendously in the first days and week of withdrawal/abstinence...He might be able to help set you up with local support as well. There's often more out there than just AA but not obvious on your own.
Big meals and slugging down a water/soda/seltzer make the cravings more manageable for me at least! For the jitters/anxiety/hyperactivity sometimes I'll try to do easy chores or anything kind of repetitive that you can get lost in. After that it's just mental games. For me I try to picture my cravings as the alcohol trying to coerce me and I'll audibly tell it no. Picturing it as some evil demon trying to trick me motivates me not to cave just because I don't want to give it the satisfaction of knowing it controls me. It's pure spite but it's somehow empowering for me to be like  HA! Look at how strong I am suffering through this bullshit and still not coming back to you . Different things work for different people though.
If you can ride it out it gets better and you'll never have to repeat it again.   Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
Oh Thank you all for talking with me.  I am feeling MUCH better!  Heart rate has returned to normal and the craving is gone.  A bit of distraction and 2 large cups of chamomile tea with 3 bags a piece and another day sober is born! :)  ..Seriously thank you.
