-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asw9zf/new_to_this_looking_for_support/

I just found this sub while looking for some type of support instead of turning to alcohol. It's only been 4 days sober for me and I honestly didn't think this would be so hard! I wanted to do 30 days completely sober just to help me in my weight loss journey but now that I'm feeling how badly I want to drink I'm realizing how much I've been using alcohol to escape the bad thoughts I think about myself. Today I am feeling super shitty about myself. I am very unhappy with the way I look and after weeks of counting calories and working out the weight is just not coming off as fast as I would like it to. It's frustrating and discouraging and I really just want to get hammered so I don't have to feel this hopelessness. Also my favorite TV show is coming back this evening and it's something I always drink for (survivor anyone?!) so that's a struggle too. Just writing out this post has been helpful but any support or words of encouragement would be very appreciated! .Thanks for reading :-) 
----------immediate responses--------

The weight loss will come. Your skin hair and attitude will GLOW. Focus on feeling good about yourself and all else will follow. Just give it time and don't drink tonight! ..PS I'm in the same weight loss boat you are. And since stopping booze (for the millionth time) 4 days ago I've already lost about 4 lbs of bloat! 
Fellow Day 4 friend :)..Sounds like you've got a lot going on all at once!  I hope you find a way to step back and be kind to yourself.  I struggle with a lot of the same feelings - it can be tough.  I'm glad you felt comfortable opening up that's a big step...IWNDWYT
Hello!  I made a conscious decision to quit for good.  Even then I was ashamed of how hard it was for me in the early days to not drink!..All of those years telling myself I didn't have a problem if that was the case why did I have to struggle SO HARD to leave it behind?!..Stay strong a minute at a time if you have to and eventually minutes turn to hours then to days weeks months...  I will be doing the same and happier for the company.  IWNDWYT.
I got mad at alcohol for having such control over me its hands around my neck. Part of my quitting is for a kind of freedom that I had lost. I think we all want to be free and the bottle calling is just a reminder that it had/has us in chains! Best wishes to you! 
Yeah... I can 2nd the 24hr or 30 minutes at a time. Much easier to tolerate the day until my head hits the pillow sober at night. ..And I never regret not drinking in the morning.   ..Welcome...IWNDWYT    
I too set off on a 30 day challenge 45 days ago and I'm still going. I used to go in spurts of working out hard being frustrated the weight wasn't coming off and eventually giving up. The whole time I was drinking hard. Turns out thousands of empty calories a day will make you fat. ..Since I quit I started working out again. I'm not killing myself but I work hard 4 days a week. 2 weights 2 intervals on the spin bike. ..I've lost over 20 pounds in 45 days. I feel 1000% better. And there are so many physical mental and spiritual improvements it's insane. And all I have to dojo's not drink anymore. ..Congrats on 4 days. You are pretty much through the very hardest part. It gets easier with time. ..Stay committed to your 30 days and you will see improvement. You will also gain space to make a rationale informed decision on if alcohol has a place in your life anymore. ..Keep up the fight. Embrace the suck and get it done. You can do this
IWNDWYT
When the spiritual malady is overcome the physical and mental will follow... ..I'm an alcoholic. Once I get started I can't stop (craving) and had the obsession (so can't stop thinking about a drink and how it will make me feel better and can't put the drink down once I pick it up). ..You're in the right place. I would prioritize not drinking right now if you feel like that is a problem for you. The weight will follow but when we try to change everything all at once we get overwhelmed and shoot ourselves in the feet. It might be best to just focus on one thing at a time for now until you get a firmer foundation in what you are doing.
Change didn't come quickly for me bud. I hated myself 100lbs overweight then one day after 5 years of struggle it did. Pound by pound inch by inch. Sobriety makes it possible
So I'm  not the only one who watched Survivor with a drink in hand.
Nothing worth fighting for comes easy. Work hard towards your goals and don't give up. You'll get there. I promise.
I turned to drinking for very much the same reason... Self-hate and loathing. At first it feels great! You feel like it may be who you truly are just coming out of the shell. Everybody is cool and is your friend! (at least in my case) It's all fun and games in the beginning but before long it takes hold and makes you do awful stupid shit you will regret for years to come and just make you cringe. For fuck's sake one of the last times I blacked out drunk I thought it would be a good idea to go on Facebook and message a girl I had a huge crush on in middle school and told her about it. Woke up the next day in immediate cringe and couldn't even speak to a single person outside my immediate family for a few weeks. It still makes me cringe.  ...You don't have to never drink again ever but knowing how it affects you it's important to keep that in mind at all times. It's so easy to go from tipsy to full-blown hammered if you aren't careful and it will almost always come back to bite you in some way shape or form. Just keep in mind that it essentially turns you into a different version of yourself that you didn't know existed and 8-9 times out of 10 it's bad.
I will be here walking the same path with you and IWNDWYT 
