-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at2tax/how_quickly_things_change_feeling_angry/

Just a few days ago I was unbelievably grateful and happy with my new sobriety... today I'm struggling. Really struggling. .. A couple of things happened in my life all at once yesterday that made me really upset - things that would be totally understandable to be upset about - and my coping mechanics are that of an alcoholic. That is they suck and are alcohol- based.  All I can think about is how much I want a drink and how angry it makes me that I can't.  Rather than dealing with the issues I am getting caught in a stupid spiral of thoughts that are both distracting and unhelpful. ..Got another meeting this morning which will hopefully help but this feels like torture today.
----------immediate responses--------

I go through the same thing from time and it happened to me yesterday with work related annoyances. My immediate reaction is to want several drinks after work and stew over the issues until I'm numb enough to forget about it or ignore it. Now I just try to go somewhere quiet after work and then find something funny to get me over it. Your  escape' might be a favorite food hot bath/shower long walk etc. Anything is better than a drink.
IWNDWYT!!!!!
It takes some re-examination and re-framing. The truth is you can drink. No one is stopping you. It's just ineffective and actually increases the problems when we eventually come to.  From that perspective it's admirable wise and courageous that we don't believe the delusional thought that a drink will fix our problems.  Real problems exist and if you are like me I used alcohol to hide from facing them.  Be proud of yourself for not running away anymore!..IWNDWYT 
This is a really interesting idea that somehow at both our highest and lowest booze seems like the right addition to the situation. When I first started to see through the haze that is long term alcohol abuse I realized there is no way this substance is the miracle for every occasion - sad happy bored angry scared nervous - why did we all believe this elixir somehow has the ability to soothe all of those various emotional states? Willful misbelief to ignore the elephant in the room.
Patterns of learned behaviour especially the ones that are good for making you feel better in the short term are breakable but it's not easy. Especially in times of stress we are wired up to do what made us feel better the last time it happened. With booze the short-term fix comes at the cost of sacrificing the next day and the future in general. ..I try to remind myself that I know these learned behaviours are the problem. I have to fight the temptation to do what I always did with the hope of changing what I will get. ...Stay strong! 
My boss (who is a bad manager anyway) tore into me about my half-assed work performance after I had quit drinking but before shit started coming back together. It shook me hard because I had been really trying for the past month and a half but too soon to see results...I vividly remember first dodging into the bathroom to cry for an hour then I went back to my desk just long enough to grab my car keys and then spent another hour crying in my car. And I remember sitting there with my face sticky with tears and thinking "I want a drink. What the fuck do I do with this? Just sit here and feel like shit with all these stupid emotions?" And the little voice trying to get sober was like "well...why not? It won't kill you." It was certainly uncomfortable but it's true it didn't kill me even though it did ruin my week...
Yeah...this sucks.  Sometimes you just have to throw your hands up in the air and let it go...The coping skills will come but only through struggle.  There is no easy way out even alcohol is just a temporary escape and really makes it worse...Action is the answer.  Take care out there!  .
I can relate to this today had a lot of letdowns all at once. I try and re-frame the situation and displace the emotional trigger by finding something else to do to distract myself. IWNDWYT
If it feels like torture...it is.  Get yourself through this craving.  Do not drink.  When you come out the other side your mental muscle will have grown a bit larger and the future cravings will be slightly weaker...in my experience.  I wish you peace and clarity today.  I will not drink with you today.
Hey dude. I can completely relate to you right now. I'm 86 days sober well off of that pink cloud and into the red fuck-you-I-cant-cope cloud. I've accepted that drinking or doing other drugs will not improve my situation and probably make it worse. It leaves me in this odd spot of knowing drinking won't help wanting to 'numb out' or escape from my own skin and trying to find other coping skills. ..&amp;#x200B;..I feel like I'm a clean sock in a messed up washing machine trying to get out but the damn washer keeps spinning the same as it has always done. It's truly fucked and really uncomfortable so I'm sorry you are experiencing this as well. ..&amp;#x200B;..On the bright side I don't think anyone can change or grow without a tremendous amount of discomfort; take it as a sign that you are changing for the better. Aside from going to meetings and getting a sponsor I strongly suggest finding things in your life that make you happy or bring a sense of satisfaction. Read a book pick up that musical instrument you always wanted to learn go camping learn to knit or find a volunteering opportunity that makes you feel as though you matter. Stick with it! I'm glad that you have made it this far :) Things will get better!
