-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atbebj/its_more_than_just_the_drinking_its_the_wanting/

S O B E R..That is what I am; 35 days in and I've realized something: it's not just the drinking it's something fundamental about my personality. I am a walking talking void of longing and I have a compelling drive to fill that void. Fill it with... what? It used to be booze. But it was other things too. For the last five years or so it was also coke. And sex. And smoking cigars. The perfect night was a Saturday night filled with all of these things to excess. I did that for a very long time. But even as I was doing that I understood it was sort of a superficial type of happiness. It wasn't real happiness and the next day(s)... I paid for it. Things intensified. Soon even doing all of that regularly wasn't filling - the void -..&amp;#x200B;..Well over a year ago I made a choice to change my lifestyle. I had too. I saw where it was all leading and I was slipping up at work and my personal life was chaotic. I felt out of control and it was getting worse. Filling the void with drugs and booze wasn't making me happy anymore it was making me unhappy unfulfilled and affecting my health. It took a lot of effort but I managed to take steps to make a change. I moved from where I could easily get coke every single week to a different part of the country a smaller community where I could make a fresh start. That took the coke out of the equation. I continued to drink though heavily. In fact the drinking got worse. Maybe I was trying to fill the coke void with more booze. I started drinking every day by 4/5 o'clock during the week and tons of day-drinking on the weekends. Every day started with a hang-over of varying intensity. I'd look in the mirror and see a pallid face dark circles dull eyes and a defeated look staring back first thing in the morning. Things went on this way for a while until I really fucked up one night while out on the town. I badly injured myself in a drunken stupor. The next day along with the injury anguish and embarrassment there was another feeling that had been rising to the forefront of my consciousness for a good long while. The ever-present feeling in the back of my mind that I had been trying to avoid. The thoughts that I didn't want to face. The mind-stalker behind me I'd been trying to run from. "I'm a fucking drunk!" "I have a drinking problem that I can't control!" I knew it. Of course I knew it! I'm not stupid. I've just been in denial. Trying to protect my self image. Telling myself I was coping. Telling myself I'm "high functioning"... Until I'm not. I knew it was all bullshit and that morning I faced facts. That was it. I haven't had a drink since then...&amp;#x200B;..But! The V O I D remains. That is what I've realized. I'm still trying to find things to fill the void. I rarely smoke cigars anymore that's not really a problem but I find myself trying to fill it with other stuff. A few weeks after I went sober I bought some weed. I started having a puff after work. It was okay for a few days and then I just started feeling like I was substituting weed for booze; one mind-altering substance for another and I just thought "what the fuck am I doing?" This isn't what I wanted. I've toked up a few times since then but rarely It's mostly fine I'm not going to smoke every day or even regularly. I don't have the **desire** like I do with booze. It mostly makes me get into a cleaning and organizing mode or I get tired and watch TV in bed until I can't keep my eyes open any more. But I'm cognizant that for the most part the reason I'm doing it is as a substitute for drinking and it's not the kind of substitute that is going to fill the void...&amp;#x200B;..I also take prescription ADHD meds to maintain focus when I'm programming for hours-on-end on highly complex code. Well since giving up booze and after flirting with weed for a minute I've been taking the meds when I don't need too over the prescribed frequency and drinking caffeinated soda and energy drinks like crazy! Again I'm like "what. the. fuck. am I doing?!" But I KNOW what I'm doing... I'm trying to fill the void. And It's not happening. I'm a big ol' ball of wanting. If it's not one thing I'm trying to find another. I went on a junk-food binge for a couple of days multiple times as well. Each of these things I've done I've realized what I'm doing and put an end to it. But I realize I'm struggling. I'm struggling to fill the void...&amp;#x200B;..So that's where I'm at. I'm not drinking but the essence of my addiction is still in full effect. It's still messing with me and affecting my behavior. At least I feel like I'm self aware. I realize what I'm doing and why I'm doing it. It's just a matter dealing with these temporary substitutes for the booze. Each substitute has been short-lived and I don't see myself spiraling into the darkness but the big danger looming is that I succumb to the temptation to drink. It comes on like a crashing wave sometimes. It's comes after I'm done with some task or activity and transitioning to 'okay what am I doing now?' Done with work... what now? That little voice goes "Man a drink would be awesome right now!" Generally when that happens I jump on this sub and read for half-an-H or so and the feeling subsides. Thank you for that fellow SDers. I feel like I'll get past this. This is a process. I'm learning more about me and what makes me tick. Things are getting clearer in my mind. I just gotta get a handle on trying to fill the unfillable void...
----------immediate responses--------

Just so we're clear to be sober is to be free of all booze and mind-altering substances including those prescribed by a doctor *if* we aren't taking them as prescribed (if taking them as prescribed then it's fine). I feel the need to mention this because I knew someone who claimed to be sober because he wasn't drinking but was still getting high on crack...Anyway I'm well aware of this void. I'm just now starting to fill it... For me I found it was an absence of any kind of spiritual life. I was living so superficially trying to manage things on the surface that I ignored anything further than skin-deep. ..There's no feeling more lonely than having that void and not knowing how to fill it. 
&gt; That is what I am; 35 days in and I've realized something: it's not just the drinking it's something fundamental about my personality. I am a walking talking void of longing and I have a compelling drive to fill that void. ..Refuge Recovery helped me find ways to start to learn to deal with this very thing.
I have noticed that stimulant-based ADHD meds make the void (I call it the itch) more intense. I had to end up getting a non-stimulant based medication instead...
Healthy habits can bring balace to body/mind. Exercise healthy eating cleanliness. Healthy habits may not make you happy per say but they will help immensely to make it easy to be happy. You're still also in some earlier stages of recovery you are making great progress but it can some months for the brain to relearn how to be happy again and to correct chemical imbalances from long-term abuse. The 3rd aspect of man is the soul which I cannot exactly tell you how to fulfill for it is a very personal journey. There is power and peace in prayer and meditation. Fasting is another common practice that helps with balance among body/mind/soul. 
