-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atg0p4/i_am_three_years_sober_today/

I drank heavily for 7 years and don't remember most of my twenties. I went from binging months at a time going through numerous withdrawals sometimes drinking more than a handle of vodka a day living in a trailer with no running water or running electricity to being free from that horrid poison that so many struggle with daily...If there's any wisdom I can share from being sober for three years it's that if you want to get sober you need to do it for yourself. I didn't do the whole Alcoholics Anonymous thing because it felt cult-like and made it seem like you had to rely on a higher power to succeed. In my opinion you need to rely on yourself. It's your decision if you want to get sober and it's your responsibility to yourself to make the decision to put down that drink. ..You'll also hear "it gets better." But what does that mean? If you were to ask me I'd tell you that it's a rocky road because well that's life. But the longer you stay sober the more knowledge and wisdom you'll gain on how to cope with the daily weekly yearly struggles that life will definitively throw at you...I'm not going to make this post long and drawn out. But what I will do is say that if anyone wants to talk needs a pen pal a friend a listener I'm here for you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job man that's great
A definite holy shit moment!..Way to go!..And you are absolutely right about doing it for yourself.  ..And learning how to deal with life without alcohol that's gonna take some practice but I'm finally going to do it...Very happy for you...&amp;#x200B;
So glad glad you are sobor!..It's amazing how life unfolds when we alcoholics get up and put our shoes on everyday. 
Congratulations!!! 
Good advise. Thanks for sharing. 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!!
good stuff 
Well done!
So happy for you!! Congratulations   
Awesome.
Congrats...IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing those thoughts. I totally agree with you and congrats on 3 years.  That's outstanding. ..
Amazing! Thank you for coming back and sharing this. ..I tried AA but flamed out. I didn't have a problem with the God part I had a problem with bending to the weight of their traditions which is also why I failed at every church I ever tried to join. They (AA and church) are all social clubs in the end and if you can't or won't follow the rules you're out. I take full responsibility...Anyway I agree that the drinker has to quit the drink for themselves no one else. Sobriety has to come from the heart.
Holy shit! Thanks for the post.
Iwndwyt
[Here's a gift from me to you](https://vgy.me/BThE6W.png)
Congratulations and well done 
IWNDWYT!!
Brother I hear ya. My story is almost word for word yours and I KNOW the nightmare.  Good luck my friend. 
While I definitely agree you need to get sober for yourself I couldn't do it alone. I do go to AA and understand it's not for everyone. I tried so many times to quit for my family with my willpower. My willpower got me only so far every time. I find the community of AA very helpful. I also find this community very helpful. Basically I use any tool that works for me...I think the key is to do it for yourself and get help if needed. Everyone's journey is unique. ..Congratulations on 3 years...  ..IWNDWYT   
Love it. Thanks. 
Thanks for sharing this! I definitely struggle with the whole AA \*insert your God here or die\* thing. But yeah man after letting go of alcohol coping with life is not all rainbows and kitties.
Congratulations my friend. Stay well.
Way to go!
Best thing I've read in weeks. Thanks. 
Congrats man! ..A line I heard multiple times in boot camp applies to us here in recovery I think.    It doesn't get easier YOU get better 
If you drank more than a handle that means that some days you drank 2 Liters of vodka. I am amazed (in a bad way) at people who are able to do this and live to tell the tale. That's a huge amount of hard liquor. I would have been in a coma.
Thank you for sharing. 3 years is a huge accomplishment and I completely agree with you that you've gotta do it for yourself. You've gotta look out for you. 
So what was your holy shit moment? : ) ..Thanks for posting!
This post is amazing - thank you for sharing your story..I also found that AA didn't work for me because of the higher power thing. I have only managed to get to the 99 days I'm on right now (excited for tomorrow) because I finally decided to tell my friends that I had a problem. ..Sharing my struggle with them gave me a sense of accountability over my actions which led to me starting an app counter and not look back. Telling them was the way to find the drive within myself...I think anyone struggling with this needs to find the solution that works for them. I hope and I believe I will be following your 3 year success with my own 3 year milestone when it comes around :)..IWNDWYT
Thank you I may take you up on that.
Congratulations!
Congrats on getting sober. Obviously your way has worked for you and we are all happy. ..But I'd appreciate it as someone who has found and maintained sobriety through AA and also found the program has made me a better person if you didn't find it necessary to put down AA. It works for many people *who found it impossible to do this on their own*. ..Did I have to make the decision not to drink? Of course I did and no one in AA made it for me. But it wasn't a decision *I* could make on my own and I hear the same thing every week from others. There's a difference between making your decision by yourself and getting support with that decision from others. If I hadn't heard their pain their stories their redemption then I would have stayed stuck in the misery of my own making - that I was beyond hope.  *I couldn't do that all by myself*...I'm glad for you that you could. But l look at it like this:..Before I was drinking I was dancing the dance of life pretty well. But drinking destroyed my rhythm and when I tried to dance again I didn't do very well. I kept losing the beat. The people at AA helped me keep the beat until I did find *my* rhythm again. I do mean *mine*; I don't believe in God and I'm sure my political and other views differ widely from those in my group. ..I don't see it as a cult in any way shape or form. It demands nothing from me - not even my name. It doesn't take attendance hound me if I don't come or ask for my bank account info. It doesn't me to shun others who aren't in AA. All that sounds more like Scientology than AA. ..Again congrats on your achievement. I'm glad you were able to get back in the dance on your own. I couldn't. 
Congrats on 3 years! Yeah the obsession for drinking gets easier but nothing can stop life from happening. Great post. 
This is my first reddit comment and I'm happy to say congrats. Keep coming back.
have you a PM.  im new.   i can hear what you have said and i want to be on the path of yours.  please help...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
