-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atgiiq/day_22_struggling_out_of_nowhere/

At the end of January I was in the hospital for a psychiatric crisis. They put me on a new medication that makes it easier for me to cope but I mustn't drink. That's fine because my drinking was getting way out of control. Today I've woken up feeling shakey and I can't shake it off. I really want to work out where my partner has hidden the gin but I know it would break his heart. I'm home alone could someone give supportive words? 
----------immediate responses--------

This too shall pass. ..Whatever is going on with you right now is not permanent. You will not feel like this forever. Your body is going through and great deal of change and though it may feel like it's screaming for alcohol it's actually trying to heal and rewire itself. ..You've paused to come here and that may feel like a tiny thing... but many tiny steps is how each of us got sober and turned our lives around. We've all been in a hole like this before and clawed our way out. And we are no different than you the only thing we've changed are our choices... lots of little choices. ..You may also want to give your doctor a call and let him or her know what's going on. Whatever it is alcohol will not help! ..Hang in there. You are so much stronger than you know! IWNDWYT    
You will be stronger when you are on the other side of this pain. Depending on the medication the alcohol may actual make you sick. 
You're really uncomfortable now but you are safe. Sober you might be shaky but you are shaky and safe. Repeat that to yourself. You're safe right now. ..You've got weeks of being sober supporting you this community supporting you your new medication supporting you and your mind that told you to come here and post is also on your side. All of those things will still be here all through this shaky stretch right now. 
Something that helps me is imagining if i do drink how it will turn out. So right now you're uncomfortable and anxious. Say yoo have that drink and then a few more youll feel temporary relief. Then you say your partner will be disappointed you'll likely regret having drank you may have a medication intetaction and then you will be.....right back where you are now: feeling negative feelings and wishing for a drink to help ease the feeling. ..If you can sit with those feelings now until they pass (all feelings are temporary) you have a chance of getting out of this circle. It is not easy what you're going through I hope this state doesn't last too long and that you find comfort and peace soon.
You don't want to break his heart but more importantly you obviously don't want to drink or else you wouldn't be here.  What can you do instead?
Can you consult your doctor about the shakey feeling? That sounds unusual.  ..As for the cravings they are temporary feelings. Once you've ridden out one or two it becomes easier to do. As time passes they happen with less and less frequency. Try to distract yourself with a walk a snack a phone call to a friend a book or television...anything until the urge passes. Have faith! It WILL pass!
Love urself+.Love him=NO BOOZE!!
Haha! They love you like God loves you! 
