-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atpa67/im_bipolar_and_havent_drank_in_awhile_because_it/

I want to drink so bad. I either drink when I'm on the upper end of mania or when I'm on the verge of a depressive episode. I'm on the verge now and I have no one to help me.
----------immediate responses--------

You have us to help you...IWNDWYT
Meetings are good places to find people to be with during a time of struggle. Can you find a meeting?
Yo. I'm bipolar as well. Same problem with drinking. Dude I got to a point where I got in trouble with the law. And I'm not talking about the police giving me a warning kind of thing. I haven't drank since even though my past self would definitely be drinking right now. I'm still going through it and this was last year. Do what you can to not drink. For the love of God do what ever you can. Take your medicine eat right get some endorphins in something. What do you do to get yourself emersed? Do that. Do anything like that. 
hey buddy it'll be okay. message this subreddit or me whenever it seems to help. i'm on day 15 and struggling too but it helps 
Not sure if this will be helpful but I'm bipolar as well. I decided today to get sober so I'm checking myself into an inpatient detox facility as soon as possible...Drinking has made my bipolar disorder so much worse. It started as a way to relieve the anxiety and insomnia that comes as a side effect with my disorder. But soon that turned into getting black out drunk every single night. My anxiety has become so much worse and I'm in a major depressive swing. I have no motivation to take care of my mental health I spend my free time distracting myself on social media as I wait until night where I can get as drunk as I please...As bipolar folks alcohol is an all too tempting escape from our problems. We're much more prone to addiction than the average person...I suggest going to AA meetings. When I was sober before this was definitely the thing that kept me going. Ask around and find a sponsor! Having someone to call every time you want to get drunk is soooo helpful. They will keep you in check and remind you why you quit drinking in the first place...We got this. Best of luck!
Ha ha well this explains a lot
