-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/au0tq7/soberiety_makes_such_a_difference_in_my_life_30/

In the first few days i didn't really feel too well. I thought i would just be in pain and on the brink of relapse everyday. But as the days went on alot of areas in my got better. Blood pressure resting heart rate and i lost almost 10 lbs. I never thought it would feel this good. But the best part for me personally is being a better father and a better significant other. I'm spending much more meaningful time with my family and it's great. My youngest is 4 and currently in preschool. She is so smart and i look forward to playing and studying with her all the time. Things i rarely did while drinking. Also last summer I started a YouTube channel for my 11 y/o daughter which is something she has always wanted to do but because of my alcoholism it was quickly forgotten. Now im spending alot of my time filming and editing videos for her and even though it is ALOT of work it makes my daughter so happy and it keeps me busy and i dont even think about drinking while i work on it. Anyways just wanted to check in with everyone and share my experience in my first 30 days of soberiety. I really wish i didnt wait this long to make the change but here i am and it feels great! Thank you all for the support. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Marvellous achievement to get to 30 days and well done on becoming a more present father/filmmaker. 
It appears you have a lot to stay sober for.  It's tough but I hope to see your 60 and 90 day posts.
What an inspiring story. Feel proud every single day for what you are achieving. Never look back. You have got this. 
Congratulations on 30! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
Love your story - thanks for posting and congratulations! 
Hi. Congrats on 30 days. I am so happy for you and your daughters that you are being the best parent you can be that is really fantastic. I am 35 days today. It's not always easy but I sure feel a lot better. I hope you have a great weekend and keep going! IWNDWYT
Congrats...IWNDWYT
Love this story. 
Congrats on 30 days that is a big fucking deal :D. 
