-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/au2x1v/day_55_checking_in/

Hey all..&amp;#x200B;..I haven't been as active here lately so I figured I should check in.  Today is Day 55 sober and things aren't great but they're better than they would be and I'm trying to remember that.  I'm still dealing with the loss of my long-term girlfriend and getting through long nights alone where alcohol used to be able to fill that void.  It's not easy but there's no other way for me alcohol took almost everything and everyone away from me so now I just have to face the consequences head on and rebuild from here.  Loneliness has been the hardest thing to deal with lately.  I got used to having a loving and committed woman at my side each night and I took it for granted.  Now that she's gone and the alcohol is gone it's pretty empty and lonely.  Passing time at home when I feel like everyone else is out with their friends or significant others feeling like I'm missing out on so much because I can't drink like a normal person.  Saturday nights are the hardest for me.  It hurts knowing that she is probably out with someone else right now enjoying her new single life while I'm here working so hard to recover my life and make healthy choices sacrificing so much to be a better person.  It's the right thing to do but it's not easy.  I really just miss the company of having someone at my side and where alcohol used to fill that void even when I was alone even that's gone now.  I have to stay sober in order to maybe gain that back someday but I'm not there yet and I don't know how long I'll have to feel lonely for.  It's a new feeling that I've never had to fully experience before.  I appreciate being able to post here and read everyone's stories of struggles and successes it makes me feel less alone.  Thanks to anyone who reads this and I won't drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

You're right. It is not easy.  It sucks being an alcoholic but I am and it took me a long time of heavy daily drinking to confront it and try to be sober. Be proud; 55 days is a solid base of sobriety.  IWNDWYT
Hang in there! We're all here. I know it's not the same but maybe it will offer you some comfort. Being by yourself sober is better than the alternative. The lonely part is temporary. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
Borrowed heavily from your username for this account. Hang in there man. Day 2 of not drinking for me. It's a start. Going to talk to a drug and alcohol counselor Monday. Right now I am just taking it minute by minute.  55 days seems so far away but one step at a time. ..I get drinking to feel less alone. But it always seems to backfire and you end up more alone. I feel like I used drinking to avoid facing things now I have to face them. ..But I also know that with this sub.. well we are not alone. I somehow feel like I am less broken when I read other stories and there are people just like us. We can't drink like normal people... because we are normal people. I will not drink with you today. 
