-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/au8cra/crushed_and_hopeless_and_furious_with_myself/

This feels like the most boring rant ever... How can I go for weeks without drinking feeling great about it physically and emotionally pleased and proud of myself and then jettison all the accomplishment for truly no real reason other than just I find myself in a situation where drinks are plentiful and so I start having them? I don't want to hate myself; I know it's counterproductive. But I woke up this morning with that old familiar feeling of regret a hole in my memory and I hate hate hate this. And I'm the one who did it. I can't keep telling this same story of "I'm trying... oops." I was supposed to be enjoying a music festival with my daughter and instead kept drinking with friends   it felt so good in the moment to check out to not think to set the constant stream of stress and worry aside for a minute. Weak stupid shortsighted   why am I such an idiot? I haven't been thinking in terms of quitting drinking forever just trying to get through each day but I also really wanted to reach 100 days that would be a real milestone one I could allow myself to imagine. And a few weeks ago I had this idea about taking time each day to write out a time I regretted drinking as a way to remind myself to stay on track. But I get busy. I'm somewhat alone in this struggle. It's hard to remember to check in here much less find an hour to write down painful memories (or more accurately painful blackouts). But I wish I had. I'm so so bummed and angry and sad right now. I've said "I can't keep doing this" a million times   I can't keep doing this but I also can't keep saying the same things. I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you could use more support. At least I know I did because I had no clue how to live a sober happy life. A therapist treatment and involvement in AA helped me get sober and stay sober. ..Sobriety is eaiser and more with help. 
I am going to wait until I have more time under my belt before I put myself in a situation where there is a lot of focus on drinking.  I do feel myself getting stronger with each day of sobriety but I'm not ready for that yet.
I found out early on that I can't put myself in situations where there is going to be more booze than I have any buisness being around. My church marched in last year's Pride parade and I signed up not even *thinking* about all the booze. Thank God the person assigned to march next to me was also an alcoholic so I had someone sober with me if I needed them. (Which is the addendum to the above: if I must go somewhere where I might be in danger I bring another sober alcoholic.)..Keep truckin.
I hope that works out for you. I have found what works out best for me isn't to avoid any situation where alcohol will be served but to avoid any situation with friends where alcohol is the main activity.
