-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auahpf/alcoholic_at_23/

I've never posted here before but I want to participate in this community that I read through so much. This got kind of long sorry...Friday night I got wasted had about 4 hours of sleep and showed up to work at 6:30 am so hungover that I couldn't read my computer screen. My friends work weekdays I work evenings and weekends so I "party" when I should be sleeping just to spend time with them. I've had more than enough of this crap...Drinking has never been fun for me. When I was about 13 I used to sneak vodka from my parents cabinet and take it to school in water bottles (gross I know). I used to self-harm too but have long since stopped. Never did drugs because I didn't have many friends. I always looked forward to 21 so I could drink and forget my life as much as and whenever I wanted to. ..I don't remember much of the year after turning 21. I allowed myself to get trashed all the time because "that's what 21 year olds do". But no normal person needs to down 3 shots of anything before going to bed every night just so they can sleep then another in the morning so they don't puke. When I turned 22 I told myself to slow down. Tried to quit cold turkey would relapse super bad. Just like 21 I don't remember much of 22...I've been opening up about my problems to my friends and they're supportive. I have a healthy way of dealing with my issues until I have one drink then it all comes rushing back to me and I can't stop. I went a month without a drop (gone way longer before) but then Friday night came and I wrecked it. I had a good thing going and I don't want to mess it up again. It's hard to talk about my struggles; some people don't take me seriously being so young. I'm not a partier I drink so I don't have to feel anything...This place seems full of support and accountability I know I can stop for good this time.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't know if you are male or female. All I can say is this sounds like someone who has been through some stuff. You number one need to know that you are not alone. There are older people here. Younger people here. Sometimes kids even talking about their parents. We treat everyone equal and listen. You reached out. Be proud you did. Try your best to make sure you try your best. I don't blow smoke. It will not be easy. I promise you that. If you need us we are here. We all have the same disease and we care. Please above all realize you are not alone. 
Going a month without is like practice. Don't discount that amazing thing and think you failed. You just fell a bit. We get up and start counting.
Amazing of you to reach out! I'm super glad you did! .Don't let a mishap leasen your huge accomplishments from before. .I will not drink with you today!  
I'm 23 as well and don't remember much of being 18 19 20 21 or 22 either. Ever since I moved out of my parents getting wasted was a 3-4 time a week occurrence. It's an awful way to live and I thought it was normal because that's what all my friends were doing with me. It's not normal and you're not alone. I'm glad you're friends have been supportive. With support and the desire to change you can do anything! You got this. Rooting for you :) 
I think most of us at that are older had a problem in our early 20s and didn't fully realize it or try to fix it bc we excused it as just being young. Trying to get sober at 23 might feel like a negative but really youre miles ahead from many of us here. I hope you keep getting better! ..IWNDWYT
most of us knew we were drunks pretty early too. I knew I was a drunk when I was 17 now i'm 26 and i've had a few stints of sobriety...Don't feel ashamed of having this disease. None of us chose to have it but we can choose to do something about it. You don't have to go back to drinking all the time none of this needs to continue...The big challenge is going to be the fight you'll have with the mirror. How bad do you want to stop drinking? Is it all worth it? What do I have to change in order to bring about this change?..You might have to go out and do more research like I have. Know you're not the only person in the world who thinks and feels as you do in regard to alcohol and some of us do manage to get better. Others end up taking their own lives or damaging the lives of those around them. It's up to you to see how deep your bottom can be
Its the first drink that gets me fucked too. If I dont have the first the other 17 cant follow. IWNDWYT 
There have been times where I've tried talking myself into getting a beer or a pack of cigs thinking I can have just one... but I remember times in the past where like you I've quit and fallen for that same self told lie...Now I just remember a line from a song:..One's too many; ten's not enough. .
sounds familiar. glad you are here.
[removed]
Glad you're here. I believe in you.   
I knew I was an alcoholic when I was 20 didn't stop till I was 24. You're definitely in good company here. I struggled for a long time with regretting drinking and people telling me that's what you're supposed to do in your twenties.
If I had someone to tell me at 23 what drinking would do to me I would be in a far better place in life right now...&amp;#x200B;..You have time on your side and are clearly smart enough to be aware of the dangers. Congrats on your decision to be healthy.
I've taken months off before thinking I could go back to where I was before I became who I am. I can't. So I'm in good company reading this post I also have decided to quit for good glad to have your company on my journey. IWNDWYT
I started at 21 and didn't stop until I was in my late 30s. The loss of both parents (to booze) the birth of my kids nothing stopped me. I commend you for realizing so early you have a problem. It's a blessing to not have all the years ahead of you stolen by booze. 
I got sober at 23. It's possible and life is full of so much more beyond alcohol. I found a young people's AA group and that was the key. I made friends and commitments with people my age that also didn't drink. Can't imagine my life any better nowadays. 
Young alcoholism is real. I got sober at 18 and it's the only good decision I've ever made. You can do it. 
Hey! Welcome and good for you for taking the first steps to sobriety! I drank some in high school then stopped from 17-22. Started again at 22 because I was "old enough" and my friends all drank regularly. Went from one night a week to starting my day with a tall glass of vodka in 2 months. The next year and a half of my life was a living hell. Finally got sober October of last year right before I turned 24. I count myself lucky because a lot of people drink heavily for 20 years or more. I love knowing that I have the rest of my life ahead of me and it's MY choice whether I'm drunk or sober through it. If you ever need to talk don't hesitate to reach out. Not just for advice  but if you need to vent or rant or whatever. Best of luck to you on your journey! IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
I'm in the same bot. I'm 23 and already worrying severely for my health. Random organs hurt inside sometime. I have panic attack's now. Sunday nights I can't sleep because of the anxiety from hangovers and literally being afraid I won't wake up if I go to sleep. My brain doesn't function like it used to and certainly not my digestive tract. Feels like I don't want to have to totally quit this young but not sure I have a choice. I followed this sub a while ago but usually quickly scroll past all the posts
I stopped drinking completely from ages 22-25 so I know how hard it can be and how no one takes you seriously because it's kind of cool to be an  alcoholic  in college. It gets easier once people get to know you as a non-drinker rather than a person who usually drinks who is now not for some reason. Also for me drinking was actually preventing me from moving on or healing from the past. When you drink everyday to escape something the trauma stays with you as if it happened yesterday. In the long run drinking to not feel anything is a bad strategy because you end up feeling way worse for a much longer time. Good luck in your journey and keep us posted!
Welcome home bitethecrow. We are all here for you as you begin your journey. Post often as it really helps everyone including yourself. Proud of you and pulling for you.  
Hey man. I always thought it'd be hard and no one my ages didn't not drink. I was wrong. Not everyone gets hammered every night. Keep on trying brother. Naltrexone really helped me. Specifically vivitrol if you want to check that route. Killed cravings...Iwndwyt
I completely understand. I'm 24 and I was binge drinking on the weekends for almost 2 years. I started to feel like shit tired every dam day became depressed and developed anxiety. I was slowly killing my body. I started working on self care along with working on self improvement. It's not a straight path but I've managed to make progress. You got this OP
Getting sober young is really difficult I got sober at 22 (24 now). It is possible going to AA meetings is super helpful. I'd suggest doing 90 meetings in 90 days and see where you are from there.
I got sober at 24. Im 30 now. You can do it!!!
Welcome to our lovely supportive SD community.  ..I was also an alcoholic at 21 22 23.. but I was in total denial and drank for another 35+ years until I finally admitted my problem and quit this year.  Im so proud of you (and more than a little jealous) that you have the self-awareness and courage to address this now.  I wont sugar coat it - quitting is hard - but it's so so worth it.  ..I suggest that you get a badge (from the side bar on the right).  I really helped my to watch the days tick up and to feel the peer pressure of not wanting to reset to day 1...Also it really helps to be kind to yourself. Forgive yourself for the past problems and focus on the rest of your life.  It doesn't matter if other people don't take you seriously - you do and we do and that's all that matters.  You can come here and post (or use the chat room) anytime and someone - likely many people - will respond.  ..Stay strong.  We're rooting for you.  IWND  WYT
