-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auco87/i_hate_drinking/

I'm so sick of drinking. I'm sick of feeling like shit for days after a bender. Last year was one of my worst years of my life. I binge drank Thursday-Sunday.. rest 3 days and do it all over again. I didn't work much so i just put it all on my credit card. Racked up a huge debt....I'd start out a happy drunk and then turn into a complete prick.. fighting friends and being arrogant to people because everyone would laugh. Ended up in bar fights one made it to Instagram and everyone i knew could see me get the shit kicked outta me. But i kept drinking and doing drugs lost my best friend wedding rings on there day slept with another friends girlfriend and confessed my love for her(guess how that went). Just an absolute prick of a human being. I feel absolute shame for everything I've ever done to people i love...I really wanted to turn my life around but it's so hard when all your friends are drinking buddies. I got sober for 7 weeks earlier this year.. i felt great. Went to a few AA meetings and started following this thread. I'm having a hard time trying to love myself. I can't admit to anybody i have a problem.. everyone would just think i was stupid but they don't know the struggle. I love being sober but it's hard to deal with the loneliness... your mind and thoughts are just fucked. I just want the guilt and shame to go away.. 
----------immediate responses--------

Shame is a worthless waste of energy. Take that energy and focus it into being the same person you were for those 7 weeks. Only you can make you sober. It's starts and ends with you. You have just made a really impressive step by posting on here. You have told us. All of us that in varying degrees have felt exactly like you do now. ..You CAN do this. Get and take whatever support works for you. Stop going out with those buddies for a while. Don't surround yourself with drinkers. .Post on here as often as you need. There will ALWAYS be someone to reply. .You've got this buddy. This is your DAY 1
You've got this! I'm on my Day 1 after a particularly rough black out last night. I'm the same when I drink - I pick fights and say awful things and have to deal with that shame and self-loathing for a week once I sober up. I hear you. But good for you for being here and for trying. I'm worried about changing my normal social life for awhile (my circle revolves around drinking too) but I think it will be a good time to deep-dive into hobbies I've neglected. Do you have anything you like doing yourself that makes you totally happy? Best of luck and keep moving forward!
I hate drinking too I am also at the stage where I wished I could hate it more than I hate myself. 
I would rethink admitting your situation to your family and friends.  Their reaction might be much more positive than you might think... ..Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
So...don't love yourself for a bit. Work on your humility. My sobriety depends entirely on keeping my ego in check. Your "lower power" tricks you. "Self-love" can easily become "I deserve a reward for doing so well". If you've got groups to go to keep going. Suit up and show up. Don't drink today and go to a meeting. Get honest with your dishonesty. If you're like me (and it sounds like you are) you'll trick yourself. Why? Because you're a liar. I know I am. I'll get around to loving myself. But right now I'm just trying to stay sober. I'm trying to hide from my own manipulative talents. And the only way to do that is to keep showing up at meetings and doing what I'm told. I already know that I'm fun and likeable and funny. What I need to learn is to be honest and sane and sober. I don't need to feel good about myself right now. I don't need to punish myself either but I need to be humble. I'm just an alcoholic. I've got a lot to prove to myself. Even right now am I secretly trying to paint this image of myself so I can trick myself into thinking I'm doing good? Do I secretly have an ulterior motive to let myself get comfortable again? I honestly don't know because I'm a manipulative asshole. You gotta get honest with your dishonesty. Tell on yourself whenever you can. Go back to your meetings. It's kept me sober for 122 days so far. I will not drink with you today. Let's get one more day together.
One of the biggest factors I've found is boredom. Don't let boredom cause a relapse. I know I've been guilty of drinking bc of it. Just gotta find hobbies play an instrument video games meetings hell drive for Uber after your job. That's what I did. I'm a serial relapser but I'm on day 4 and I can't go back to drinking or I'll die by 40. Hang in their and keep us updated. IWNDWYT 
If I can manage to not focus on the guilt and shame anyone can...&amp;#x200B;..I've done every dumb thing while blasted out of my mind. The best way we can prove to people we're sorry is to stop using. That's how  I see it any way...&amp;#x200B;..Don't let guilt disrupt your sobriety. It has no place in taking your brain back. It's normal to feel a little bit of it but don't be too hard on yourself. This is a complicated issue the important part is keeping your brain and body free of poison.
Job?
Shame is real. Don't run from but you can heal from it. ..What worked for me was to get on a journey to forgive myself. It was long one with set backs and a lot of pain at looking at all the shameful things I did. At that point I started to practice a mantra of saying "I forgive you" every single day...In time I felt lighter. Those things I did who I was while that was no longer me. And slowly the shame was lifted...With the shame gone I no longer felt the need to hide my sobriety..
Being sober can be lonely sometimes but so can being a drunk...
Anytime you can start your day over again.
A few thoughts if I may share them with you. Shame is a symptom of an ego in the driver's seat. You are ashamed and guilty because you are allowing your addiction and alcoholism to drive the ship. But that shame shows me that you know what you are doing is wrong. The question then becomes how do you fix it?..You fix it by accepting truly accepting what you are and what you've done. I'm a liar and I lied to my fellows in AA about my recovery (you can see the post in my history if you're curious). I was incredibly ashamed and embarrassed. I was ashamed because the facade that I put out was fake and I heard the right thing that just destroyed my ego. What was left was guilt and shame. The way I dealt with it was by admitting to it. I admitted to my fellows what I had done and I bared my soul and showed my vulnerability. I did this in a safe space my AA home group. I laid out my vulnerability and I was shown compassion. I unburned myself of my shame by accepting it and going through it. This is similar to steps 4 through 9. That is the way out of our shame and guilt...You have to be honest with yourself and then honest with others. Wishing your guilt and shame to go away won't do anything it'll just amplify it. You will only get that by confronting it and doing that work. For me personally I can't do that without AA/NA. I need others...&gt;everyone would just think i was stupid but they don't know the struggle...I know the struggle and I know exactly how you feel. I know it because I am you...Remember the opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection.
Take it one day at a time.
Every day I've not drank and done something foolish or malignant has removed a little of the stain of my past deeds. It really has gotten a tiny bit more bearable each and every day I spend sober. ..The only way out is through. Keep going. I will not drink with you today.
