-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auonn4/its_call_is_strong_today/

Really struggling to fight the urge to drink today...Today a panel was supposed to decide if my autistic daughter is entitled to a Specialist ASD school placement. This is something that's been needed and hard fought for for nearly 3 years. You'd think it was a given that a child with a special educational need would be given help but no. It's something that parents have to fight for and jump over endless hurdles just to get to the people who make the decision. Instead I got an email saying her case didn't go to panel today - there's another panel in 2 weeks. No reason given. No guarantee that it will definitely go to the next panel. Meanwhile I struggle to get my daughter into school each day as she can't cope with the sensory environment or number of children there. I know I'm this close to having to give up my job because of her school refusal...Last week I had to make the call to switch my Aunt's ventilator off and watch her pass away. She'd been fit and well until recently but was rushed into hospital with Pneumonia and didn't respond to treatment. They said her heart was damaged and couldn't get her oxygen level above 73% even with maximum oxygen on a cpap machine. A couple of days earlier she'd been saying how she'd be glad to get home again...The weekend before that I was on national tv - it was a small part on a show but probably the only time I'll ever be on screen. Apart from my Dad everyone forgot. Not one other person watched it live. A couple of people watched it on demand when I reminded them. No-one gives a damn...I used to seek solace in wine. I've managed to avoid it for over 500 days now but tonight I just want to feel that numbness wash over me.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you don't give in. There is a reason you quit. Hang in there kiddo. You can make it through this challenge. IWNDWYT 
I am so proud of you for your success   both in your acting and in your sobriety amidst all these great challenges. Your daughter needs you to stay sober Mama. You can do this one foot in front of the other...We're all here to support you.   I will not drink with you today.
Im sorry about your struggle with your kid amd for your loss. It sounds to me that youre doing great on batteling for your daughter though. My mom has to fight some battles in my teenage-years and I will be forever grateful that she didnt give up though it was very close many times. ..I see it as a good sign that youre sharing these thoughts with us. When I have downperiods and craving the thing that helps me is to talk about it especially when I dont really want to. I want to be alone feeling down and just sink away but I know  I cant. I know that this too shall pass as your struggles now will. Make it through today and it might feel easier tomorrow. Good luck with your daughters school thing hopefully your efforts will pay off. And do share with us when frustrations comes. I will not drink with you today.
we're here for you. alcohol won't make any of these issues better. and the one thing you can do for your daughter that no one else can is give her a sober mom. IWNDWYT
Thanks everyone. IWNDWYT! I distracted myself with uplifting music crafting eating Parma Violets (mmm sugar rush!) And reading and taking on board all your good advice...It may not be a great day again tomorrow but at least I'll be starting it without a hangover to worry about. Much love to you all xx
Hey there I have a child on the spectrum and I 100% get where you are coming from it is so hard and that is an understatment. Know that there will be ups and downs throughout this process we are in a up right now but just got done with a down phase and trust me the wine was flowing way to often. Kudos to you and your 500+ days!PLease reach out if I can help in anyway. I am here and I care!!!!!
