-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auzony/feeling_sorry_for_myself_on_day_3_after_relapse/

It's so unfair. Everyone around me can drink normally and I can't. And I never will be able to. I will always have to say no. I will never be able to unwind and have a drink like everybody else. I'll never get to just enjoy the taste of a nice wine.  I will however get to live with the stigma of someone who is alcoholic. I have a mental defect and many people will see me as weak or less than for it. At the very least everyone will view me differently. Why did I have to become an alcoholic and nobody else? Both my uncle and grandmother were alcoholics. So now it's my turn? This is what they passed on to me? ..I have seen it written that many people become grateful for their addiction because recovery has helped them live a better life. What does that even mean? So  normies  don't have a good life being able to enjoy wine (hell everything!) Moderately? ..I know I won't feel this sorry for myself forever - my mood will hopefully regulate the more days sober I have under my belt. At least it did the last few times I've quit. I just hate that this is my reality. That this has to be my journey. Like what did I do to deserve this? Thanks for letting me vent. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate all too well!  I always thought man if I could only relate to " drinking is fun everyone does it but I can't". Or " I'll never be able to enjoy it like they do".  What helped me is too look at it from a different point of view.  Drinking is not fun and if whatever your doing isnt fun without drinking is it worth doing?.... I choose not to drink so I can enjoy other things in my life .... instead of thinking I can't drink because I can't control it.   Also The stereo.type of alcoholics being weak is very overrated.  When you choose to drink you make a decisions to act rationally make good decisions be overall healthier and be able to eascape the cyclical nature of addiction makes you strong.  And if someone is talking down to you for being a alcoholic ( in my experience ) they are trying to justify their own problem or they enjoy belittling you because they don't understand or they are not your friend.
I can relate as alcoholism runs in my family. It's so frustrating how engrained alcohol is in society: constant advertising that drinking is normal cool classy used for both celebrating and coping an icebreaker with new or old friends just another beverage with meals a must for sporting events fun bars/clubs specifically for getting drunk the list goes on. If we don't drink we're seen as prude or we must have a problem. If we drink too much we must have a problem. I will drink again eventually but being sober has felt really amazing and I have no desire Mesa this up anytime soon. The first two weeks are the toughest for sure but after getting over that hump it just gets better and better.
Aw I wouldn't beat yourself up too much! A lot of people on this sub recommend the book "This Naked Mind" which talks about stuff and how there is nothing "wrong" with us for not being able to drink. Smokers dont beat themselves up for being addicted to nicotine and think "why can't I just have an occasional cigarette like a social smoker?" because everyone knows  nicotine is just addictive. It doesn't make you an especially flawed human it's.....an addictive substance. ..I'm reading it right now and it is a neat (and different) perspective
Two thoughts......"Never be able to unwind...." I am working on learning this myself. I don't let myself think I will never unwind just that I  can't with alcohol. And for me "unwinding" with alcohol was more like being temporarily willfully blind whistling while I metaphorically doused everything I have in gasoline. Not actually unwinding that is it?.."What did I do to deserve this?" Nothing. You did nothing just the hand you were dealt. Just like you don't deserve the GOOD genetics you got also. As someone on here says (maybe woodbotherer or allgravitysucks) "it is not your fault; but it is your problem." ..Good luck. Iwndwyt.
I feel that if someone drinks an addictive liquid long enough often enough they'll be addicted too. I was a normal drinker but after years of drinking I wasn't. ..Sometimes our brains romanticize alcohol. We think that we could just have one and not have any issues. Interestingly when I would just have 1 drink I would feel awful too! 1 or 10 lead to misery. ..Hang in there friend. It helped me to think about freedom from alcohol. What does that freedom mean to you?..Iwndwy
What's helped me with some similar thoughts as you are posting about is the book Alcohol Explained that gets mentioned a lot in this sub. Its helped me realize I'm not missing out.
. I will however get to live with the stigma of someone who is alcoholic..Alcoholism is so very common and mundane that there really isnt much of a stigma. .If anything in ourwestern culture alcoholism is glorified
