-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/av0kxr/3619_will_be_5_years_since_ive_drank/

And I still struggle. .This past weekend i went out of town for a show and we parked early to get a good spot. We were having trouble filling up the time and there were a few bars around. My brain kept saying "just go sit at the bar no big deal. You can get a coke." Then quickly after "I can have one beer. One beer isnt harmful and wont affect me like that. I can easily stop after one or I can start having just one beer when I like." Quickly followed by "Just one beer and one shot like you used to just to relax." .Thankfully I ignored all of this and didnt even mention it to my partner and we just sat and played games on our phones. Eventually the thoughts passed as they always do and I am still going one day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job ignoring that lying voice of addiction. Thanks for the great reminder of the need for vigilance even at nearly 5 years. 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Thanks for the reminder!  IWNDWYT 
5 years is great but let's both just make it for 2/26/19. Can worry about 2/27 tomorrow.
Congratulations on almost 5 years. I am sober for 15 years now and that voice of addiction creeps up in my head every now and then just like yours. Stay strong and don't listen to that liar. :)
I'm glad you were able to fight that inner voice. I have a feeling mine will always be there too. Iwndwyt!
I fully anticipate no matter how long you go you will always have that nagging voice in the back of your head. Way to overcome it and be the stronger force!
What show was it?
I literally thank the universe everyday I don't have obsessions revolving around alcohol. Good job not acting on those thoughts. I would hope with every fiber of my being that I'll stay sober to hit 5 years...but I'd better just stay in today...Congratulations!! 5 years is huge!   ..IWNDWYT    
What is your sobriety support network like? I mean things you to do actively ensure you stay sober not just "Who are the people you talk to" (though that may be part of it). 
One day at a time! IWNDWYT 
I needed to hear this. I hear too much about how good people are doing after X amount of time. Its not that I dont like to hear that its amazing. I just dont think its realistic. It makes me feel comfortable knowing im not alone. IWNDWYT
Congratulations!
Congratulations five years is a really big milestone...
