-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/av0nzq/should_i_tell_my_boss_that_im_an_alcoholic/

My work has been suffering due to this goddamn drinking problem I have (I'm a chronic relapser btw.) ..We have a good relationship and I kinda really want to tell her what's going on but while that doesn't sound like a really great move career-wise I'd like to be as transparent as possible. ..Anyone who's been through this... Do you have any experiences to share?
----------immediate responses--------

I wouldn't people that don't suffer tend not to understand the true nature of addiction.  Also recovery is something that can take years to achieve with many stumbles along the way.  I recommend going to AA or another recovery group and talk to other people in recovery about your situation first.
I told mine but only because I was so overwhelmed I was wanting to be moved to a different position. I probably wouldn't have otherwise. It was a great thing she turned out to be very kind and accommodating about it. I don't think there's anyway to say if it's a good idea for you personally or not because there are so many factors. I would ask someone who knows you and your job well if you can. I personally was encouraged by everyone when I made the decision that I needed to tell my boss. People also reminded me that addiction is covered by the ADA so we have some protections there too thankfully. Good luck let us know how it goes :)
One big issue of telling your boss is if you relapse.  Not saying you will but it's something to keep in mind.  
I've been in treatment twice it wasn't a silver bullet but it gave me the best start at recovery.  I feel for you and I know the misery of alcoholism and drug addiction.  I hope you can at least get to a meeting today and talk to somebody.
I did last week. I'm glad I did. I have a positive relationship with my boss and I wanted him to understand what I was dealing with doing and why. He had no idea I had a drinking problem. ..I don't intend to relapse and this is just one more bit of fuel to keep me focussed in that resolve. 
People have a lot going on in their lives. Personally I would just say you are having some personal problems don't get into specifics. .I had an issue over a year ago but it resolved itself...There are probably more risks than benefits associated with the situation...
When I start getting these thoughts I do a couple of things...First I get a piece of paper and write:.."I can't Unring a Bell"..Then I sit with that truth.  I don't make a decision.  I let it percolate...Then I write:.."What is it that I want to create by doing X-Y-Z?"  (In this case "telling my boss)...So what is it that you hope to create by this disclosure?  What outcomes are wanting to accrue?..
Check your HR policies before you do anything. If they are supportive then you would hope they will help you. If they do not have a policy I would think twice unless you really need to 
I wouldn't tell anyone I didn't need to. Especially if your work is suffering. 
I would not....
