-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/av95c6/two_weeks_for_the_second_time_in_10_years/

This is sort of a diary entry thanks for reading...I relapsed after my longest sober stretch since I started seriously drinking. I made it 45 days thanks to SD. Then I gave up my sobriety to get drunk at a BBQ and drank somewhat moderately for a few months then 6 months ago I went right back to my all time high consumption...I wasted thousands of dollars made truly idiotic decisions and left less than stellar impressions on a lot of people I should have been making an effort for. My body doesn't feel strong anymore...I started this sober run fully planning to relapse in March when I have a business trip but once the fog cleared a bit I realized that's completely idiotic. I am done with alcohol I'm going to be a sober person. ..Right now I feel confused and lonely I hurt my shoulder pretty bad and exercise other than walking is very painful standing and laying down is painful. My career is in as bad of shape as my fitness and I'm reminded daily what I gave up to prioritize getting drunk every day...I'm grateful my marriage survived this far and I'm grateful my finances are still in good shape I'm grateful for the job I have even if I'm underachieving...Today I'm just holding on I'm trying to be present and mindful but I spent most of the day lost in fantasy or ruminating or overeating or vaping (nicotine a fight for another day)...I'm doing a few things differently this time I have a therapist I check in with once a day I'm meditating almost every day and before the shoulder injury was exercising regularly. To keep myself accountable I signed up for a running group but we don't start training for another month. And of course I'm checking in with SD thank you for being here every one of you...I will not drink with you today!..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you have a plan you are honest you are comitted. You've got this. We can leave the life of alcohol and being walking dumpster fires behind. ..Keep on keeping on fellow sobernaut. You can do this. ..Iwndwy
Gratitude does make a difference. I often think I'm so grateful for being alive after all the risky crazy things I did under the influence. 
Hi Grope. You've been drinking 10 years and from what you said have only had very brief stints of sobriety in recent years...You may not have experienced or remember how much easier it usually gets (craving-wise) once you pass 2-4 months sober...I did several 'mini-quits' of 30 days or so and in retrospect that's the most taxing stressful way to do it because you are constantly in the 'just quit' stage and you start to artificially feel like the first 45 days are 'what it's like to be sober.' In fact it gets far easier...Also like you I was quite a wreck physically. Smashed my shoulder and this-and-that in various medium-sized drunken falls and accidents...I was ASTONISHED by how well my 'permanently damaged' body bounced back month-by-month and how strong I felt after 4 months. I did a lot of walking - walking is great - and slowly began lifting weights after a few weeks sober. Life changing it restores your mood and dopamine like nothing else...All the best
