-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avkld6/one_year_sober_tomorrow_i_feel_like_a_fraud/

Sometimes I feel like a bit of a fraud on here and labeling myself an alcoholic when I read through the hell and havoc alcohol has caused some people. I was never someone who needed to drink everyday but I did need to drink most weekends and really cut loose. I could rarely go out for a drink or two I almost always ended up browning or blacking out. I drove way too many times I shouldn't have missed work or had to leave work early due to unbearable hangovers made risky choices (sexually and otherwise. I took rides home from men I'd just met a few times) and ruined a promising collegiate athletic career (I was a nationally ranked runner in HS and went to college on a full track scholarship but once I discovered alcohol I lost all interest in running because partying was a quicker and easier way to get those endorphins I so craved). Luckily I made it out of this period of my life unscathed and by the time I quit my drinking was already pretty limited. I credit this a lot to my current relationship which offers me the stability love and validation I always looked for in alcohol. 364 days ago (my one year is tomorrow) I went out for drinks with coworkers - it resulted in my skipping the gym and feeling tempted to reach out to a few old flings and the next day I decided enough was enough. Almost one year later and my life is so much better without it. I shed tons of weight am running competitively again barely ever get sick anymore and am finally able to tackle other issues that were on the back burner while I struggled with alcohol like low self confidence and my penchant for trash talking others - I am making slow improvements in these areas. I guess my ultimate point is you don't need to be someone who drinks every night who has hit rock bottom to acknowledge that alcohol plays a negative role in your life. I hope someone else who is struggling with making this choice maybe because their friends are telling them their drinking is normal/everyone else is doing it/you've never suffered real consequences! sees this post and gets some inspiration.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a year!  That is a huge accomplishment.
Daily drinkers and rock bottom hitters don't have a monopoly on alcoholism I don't believe you're a fraud. Congrats on a year full of personal accomplishment!
Onward to year 2 now!..Many congrats!
You are not a fraud! Weekend spree drinking like yours is not a lesser version of alcoholism and I know many alcoholics who drank like that. ..Thank you for sharing your story with others and offering encouragement to those who would like to put a year together like you have. ..
 IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
I have similar feels fam sometimes feels a lil extreme calling myself an alcoholic but it also helps me when i explain to people why I dont drink so I still use the term
Thank you for your post. It worked for me. Isn't it great the weight you can lose in sobriety. Me down 40 already.
I totally needed this thank you so much for posting. Today is day 3 for me and it's definitely a struggle. Everyday just today and then tomorrow every 24hrs.   Congratulations on your year!
Yeah its kind of amazing how much being sober can improve your life even if you are not a daily drinker. I was a weekend binger since my teens (now in my early 30s) and am amazed how cutting that out has improved my sleep and energy mood finances. I kind of wish Id fugured it out years ago but I guess thats not how it works :). Congrats. Keep on succeeding!
Congrats! Don't feel like a fraud. There's lots of variety here! IWNDWYT 
Your story is so similar to mine. I don't consider myself an alcoholic but my life is also better without drinking. I think I got so hung up on that label that it stopped me from quitting. I'm finally realizing it's not all or nothing. I can not drink even if I'm not an alcoholic. I've been sober almost 2 years now and I only wish I'd done it sooner! There's a huge gray area with drinking but we act like you're either an alcoholic and should never drink or you're not so you should drink. That stops a lot of people from having a meaningful look at their relationship with alcohol and quitting or reducing. ..Congratulations on 1 year sober! IWNDWYT. 
The best analogy I ever heard was this:  alcoholism is like an elevator - you choose what floor you get off on but the elevator is only going down.  ..So yeah you got off on the floor that felt right for you and I doubt anyone here would call you a fraud for that!!!  More likely (as I am) clapping and cheering!!!  ..Happy one year my friend!      
I'm not a daily drinker but I do have a problem with alcohol and binge every weekend. I've committed to stopping and needed to hear this story - thank you! .I will not drink with you today and congratulations on 1 year dry! 
A drink or two would always turn into several for me and a lot of my friends on weekends or some weeknights. .I'm glad I stopped before it did turn into an everyday type of thing like the  full blown alcoholics  
I can identify right down to the running part.  I never really stopped running but I did stop competing in college once I started  partying . In the end I stopped drinking because it seemed like I had been too lucky for too long and that consequences were surely coming if I kept on the way I was going.  Thank you for sharing!
I'm reading This Naked Mind. Annie seems to focus more on the negatives of alcohol than the assumption that there's something inherently wrong with you or with those who qualify as  alcoholics'. ..Sure some people let it destroy their lives first but alcohol is garbage one way or another. Good work on sobering up. 
I saw a great lead at a meeting last week. He said  my alcoholism was never that exciting. I never crashed a car I never went to jail I never missed a day of work...but the monotony of drinking over and over and over again for no reason that was enough to make me ask for help.  And I thought to myself Yes! That's like me! I'm a workaholic alcoholic and I never realized how much work drinking had become until I quit. If you're a fraud...so am I. (And I'm not ;)..I think  More on Alcoholism  is page 30 in the big book. 
Just be aware not really feeling like an alcoholic has been the demise of many. If you're an alcoholic you'll have a life-long relationship w booze whether drinking or not. Relapse is more common than not...Here's an easy test...If you're not an alcoholic making the decision to remove alcohol from your life will be relatively easy. You'll wonder why more alcoholics  just don't quit' like you did...If you are an alcoholic it may seem easy but questions will nag at you until you drink again. You may drink  normally' although normies are rarely nagged by thoughts of being an alcoholic. You'll notice than your drinking gets worse   if you're an alcoholic it always gets worse...Either way quitting is a healthy choice. Good luck.
This is so incredibly inspirational! Congrats! And thank you!   
The blackouts the feeling that I've been lucky one too many times and that something was surely coming for me the running risky choices with men trash talking others and especially that last part- everyone else telling me that my drinking is normal- all rings so true to me and I just want to hug you. Thank you so much for sharing your story.  I still struggle every now and then but ever since having my baby my resolve to quit drinking has never been greater. I run my first half marathon in 8 years on Sunday as a sober woman and 40 lbs lighter (Holy cow the weight loss! I'm a faster runner as a 30 something mom than I ever was as an overweight drinker in my 20s). Thanks again for sharing and congrats on your soberversary. That is a huge accomplishment.  IWNDWYT. 
I am 317 days sober and it sounds like we have a very similar story.....I have never considered myself an alcoholic my sister who is 16 months older than I am IS an alcoholic and has already lost a house and two cars at age 26 from her drinking but I do feel that alcohol has no place in my life. I was a very rare drinker up until about two years ago when I started going out a few nights a week and always having alcohol in my house..When I drank even a small amount I would get horrible anxiety that lasted for days migraines I would always wind up crying on the phone at 3 am about some ex or who knows what other stupid shit I would be so embarrassed the next day and just feel awful. I got to the point where I just thought why? Why purposefully bring this unnecessary negativity into my life? It just isn't worth it ever...My final straw was last April I had gone to a hockey game and had a few beers in the first period 3 hours later when I drove home I totaled my car in the rain on the highway and hit another car. .I have no way of knowing for sure if the alcohol I had earlier that day played some role in my accident or not but the guilt and shame was unimaginable and I decided to remove the possibility of ever having to wonder about something so awful ever again. ..I don't think I am an alcoholic but I believe the potential for me to have a  drinking problem  is there and I just think my life is so much better lived sober. 
Congratulations!  .IWNDWYT
Good for you. I don't think anyone here would gatekeep your alcoholism. The challenges you face are as difficult for you as those faced by others are to them. That you decided to change your life in ways that have increased the quality is the focus not what you went through to get here.
This is nearly exactly the same as my story....running and all. Congratulations to you - I'm 15 months in and couldn't be happier. Keep it up!
I needed to hear this badly. It's exactly what I'm going through. The voice telling me there's never been a rock bottom so there isn't a problem...nags me.  I just hate the self loathing I have after weekend night of drinking past midnight and waiting the next day.  I would rather just give it up all together because moderation in a single evening just doesnt work for me. It isn't an everyday drinking problem...it's a single day drinking problem. Congratulations to your 1 year achievement...IWNDWYT
Great!.Stay the course.
Congrats on the year!..I consider myself a non-drinker and alcoholic. The words don't matter as much as making positive change in life and it sounds like you've made amazing strides. Really well done.
Agree! Agree! Agree! Hooray!..I don't consider myself an alcoholic in fact by the time I quit drinking I was down to a few occasional drinks per month...However what ultimately made me stop was how unnecessary it was in my life and how it had *no* benefits while only harming me with excess carbs and slowing me down for running. ..I stopped drinking two weeks before my first marathon and never started again...As a fellow runner believe me it's more fun without it! 
Staying completely away from alcohol is a good idea for anyone.  The shit is very bad for you it's completely unnecessary.
Thanks for sharing this with us    staying sober is wha matters  congrats these blackouts and binges are bad and not worth the pleasure of a drink. I'm  so happy for you :)
Check out the book  Understanding the High Functioning Alcoholic  - it really helped me reframe things. The authors blog is really useful too. 
I am the same binge drinker. Two or three days a week. Reading some people's struggles makes me grateful that I was able to stop daily drinking a while back but now realise that alcohols mansion has many different rooms and anyone can get locked in them. Congratulations on one year sober. 
So much same! You are doing great keep it up! ..My friends have also really noticed how many things I'm doing. They are like HOW do you have the TIME? ..Um I literally stopped wasting every moment of my weekend and started being even barely productive. Freed up a bunch of time! 
First off congrats on the one year that's a wonderful accomplishment!..&gt; Sometimes I feel like a bit of a fraud on here and labeling myself an alcoholic when I read through the hell and havoc alcohol has caused some people.&gt;.&gt;*I almost always ended up browning or blacking out.*..&gt;*I drove way too many times I shouldn't have*..&gt;*missed work or had to leave work early due to unbearable hangovers*..&gt;*made risky choices*..&gt;*ruined a promising collegiate athletic career*..&gt;*once I discovered alcohol I lost all interest in running because partying was a quicker and easier way to get those endorphins I so craved*..&gt;*I struggled with alcohol like low self confidence and my penchant for trash talking others*..&gt;***Luckily I made it out of this period of my life unscathed***..Blackout drinking driving intoxicated affecting work putting yourself in potential danger ruining a potential athletic career self image issues and treating others poorly doesn't exactly sound like a fraud nor does it sound like you were unscathed. It kinda sounds like hell and havoc. ..Just because you weren't homeless attacked lost everything got a DUI ended up in jail etc doesn't mean you didn't suffer. ..I struggled with the same perception I never lost a job I never drove drunk I still had a car paid my mortgage was still married etc. By any surface level metric I was a stable productive member of society.  The blackout drinking with 8-10 beers and a mickey every night told a different story however. I was a wreck both physically and mentally rapidly spiraling down the drain. I ended up in rehab and while there I really struggled with that perception of myself. I felt guilty that I had a bed there while there were people worse off than me still living on the streets that could use it far more than I could. The counselors helped me realized that I just hadn't lost all of those things "yet" and that losing everything isn't a pre-requisite to be admitted to rehab nor is it something that has to happen for me to be an alcoholic. ..Rock bottom is just the point where someone decided to stop digging. How far down that is is unique to everyone. So I don't see you as a fraud because you didn't dig as far as others I see it as a great inspiration actually I love hearing stories of people who said "fuck this shit" and put down the shovel early in life...IWNDWYT! ...
Great story and it feels all too familiar. Thanks for sharing and bolstering my own desire to improve my life by quitting!
Had a mutual friend who was going to rehab the next day who was drinking and telling stories about all the dumb shit he'd done. I had been sober about a year and I'll always remember another friend asking me if *I* ever did anything like that. I looked at her politely explained that alcoholism isn't a fuckin' competition. Don't let someone else's experiences justify or degrade your decision to do what was right for you. 
Comparing yourself to others that are further along the path to the bottom was an excuse to keep drinking because you're not that bad.
Well done! I drank to cure 'boredom' trouble was sitting at home drinking in front of the internet isn't exactly the exciting life lol! I just started cycling again and was oooh natural endorphins! I also did some qi gong yesterday..twas nice. After 106 days..I was like...man I want to cycle! Onwards peeps! 
"Alcoholic" is a silly label society applies to someone else so they can normalize their own drug abuse problem.  Good on you for bettering yourself!!
Thank you for this post! IWNDWYT!!
No law says you need a label   . 
Similar story here. I don't label myself an alcoholic but know my life is much better without it and my risk of drinking myself to death like my dad is now 0%. 
Sometimes I pretend I did ruin my life with alcohol but managed to load an old save file and now I have a new lease on life to not make the same mistake. Like I was 30 and fucked but now I'm 25 again and staring into the open fridge like 'wtf am I doing looking into the fridge aint no food I wanna eat" but I'm back at 25! I don't remember the events the lead to me fucking my life up at 30 cuz the memories get deleted but the feeling of what it feels like to ruin your entire life with alcohol? I still remember the feeling. Don't think it actually happened but it definitely helps cuz yeah I stopped before I did anything stupid too just identified it wasn't doing me any good. 
I stick with the science on this. There is no alcoholism only addiction to alcohol. My alcohol addiction was hardly exciting 3-5 beers a night and easily maintained at that level. However my body and brain simply could not keep up with it any more. For me it was more a recognition that my life could be so much better sober and drinking would only continue to get worse - nothing dramatic but a little more weight gain continued sleep problems declining cognitive function etc. In other words the effect of drinking could easily have been interpreted as the effects of aging but I knew the truth.
Good work OP. Keep on truckin'  
This is awesome! Very true....sometimes it can feel like one needs a "dramatic bottom story" of some kind to justify not drinking? Which is odd because i dont feel the same pressure for a REALLY BIG REASON to justify not partaking in other things.
Believe me there are probably hundreds of people on this subreddit alone who can look at their life and see a time where it was like yours was a year ago and wish they had been able to stop drinking then. You should be proud of yourself. Congratulations on a year let's make it a year and one day! :)
The thing about alcoholism is you and only you can decide whether or not you are. It's not a comparison issue. You'll hear people say I lost my job lost my wife lost my kids lost my house lost my car went to jail I hit my bottom. But that's not you're bottom. Those are outside circumstances of the disease given long enough to manifest itself. You're bottom is when you've accepted in your heart of hearts. "I'm am an alcoholic and I'm powerless over alcohol." There's a reason 16 y/o kids can get sober and a reason why a homeless man can sleep out on the street and black out every day over and over again. One has accepted in their heart they're an alcoholic; one hasn't. Don't let other peoples stubborness or inability to identify their issues early on detract from your own convictions. And if you are an alcoholic don't think that given enough time untreated that you aren't susceptible to the same misfortunes as those "heavy drinkers'. I got sober at 29 and when I hear a 40 50 60 70 year old talk about their actions later in life while drinking I treat them as cautionary tales; things that I'm very much capable of experiencing and doing should I decide to start drinking again. 
A fantastic achievement inspirational in fact to someone like myself early into my journey. Keep on keeping on. 
This hits home pretty closely for me. I've realised over the last 2 months although not physically dependent I had gotten to be very much emotionally attached to drinking and I am astounded by the changes in my life so far. Congrats on getting to a year. I WNDWYT!
You're an alcoholic if you say you are. What makes me an alcoholic is not how often I drank (which I freely admit was daily) but whether or not I could predict what would happen once I started. "It is the obsession of every alcoholic to both control and enjoy his drinking." When I was controlling it it wasn't enjoyable. And when I was enjoying it I was definitely not in control. 
Congratulations on one year sober!  I totally get what you mean but at the end of the day you stopped the negativity before it could get more of a hold on your life. We are all on the sliding scale to doom and jump off at different points  
Congrats a head of your 1 year! 
It's an incredible feeling. I'm proud of you. Keep up the fantastic work!
Awesome! Thanks so much for sharing your story.  Congratulations...
Nice post!
AA has deformed and metastasized the word and definition of alcoholic. Not all drinkers are just addicted to alcohol. It's not a stand alone only one thing addiction. Don't sweat the term I personally think it's destructive. 
It doesn't matter how much you drank how often you drank or how long you drank for. What makes me an alcoholic is that once I started I could not stop and that at a certain point I lost the ability to choose whether or not I drank. Example: I'd wake up in the morning and say I'm not going to drink today and I believed it with all of my heart and soul. At some point throughout the day my mind would reverse the decision I made and then I'd be drinking. 
Congrats on the achievement...There are many reasons to stop drinking. You don't need to label yourself anything...IWNDWYT
Congrats on the sobriety! If you have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol and a desire to stop that you belong here. No reason to get hung up on a label. I'm one of the rare people who has had success with moderation. I can related with you because some people think that if you can moderate your drinking then you aren't an alcoholic. I really don't care what I am or was. All I know is that I was drinking way too much every single day for 10 years and now I drink moderately on rare occasions. I've never been happier and this sub helped a lot.
Your story and relationship with alcohol is quite similar to mine. I've come to realize that if alcohol is taking up that much real estate in your head (for me it was) then it's a problem. It doesn't matter if I didn't drink as much as others or have the same bottoms as others. Thanks for sharing!  
I don't think things like this are appreciated as much we all have our struggles and how we deal with them. Here's a silver for 1 year I hope to follow suit in a few days! Best of luck. 
I absolutely can relate to this.  A couple months ago I was in my weekly SMART meeting.  One of the other regulars said to me "well it's not like you REALLY have an issue you're just here because you want to be."..It resonated with me because there were times that I thought he was right.  I looked around our group and saw so many other people that were struggling harder than me.  Whether it be legally financially physically etc.  Did I really belong here?..However as far as I'm concerned - I have a problem.  I didn't USED TO have a problem i STILL do.  Therefore I belong just as much as the next person.  Nobody has the same struggle...Congratulations on one year and keep up the great work!
Everyone's low point looks different! I just hit a year myself a couple of weeks ago - congratulations!! You rock!
Took me a while but I no longer call myself an alcoholic. And I bottomed out spectacularly. I just don't have that mindset anymore. I just don't drink. And that is what I say to my drinking friends and random folk who offer me a drink. 
