-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avl44q/is_an_intensive_outpatient_program_necessary/

Hello all! I am trying to stop drinking and my boyfriend/parents are pushing me towards doing an intensive outpatient program (3 days per week 3 hours per day for 10 weeks). ..Some backstory and my current situation: I am a 24 year old female. I drank heavily and had bad experiences binge drinking throughout college. I started to drink alone in junior/senior year of college partly because it felt safer than drinking and embarrassing myself around people but I was still using it as a way to relax and cope with stress. I would drink  a bit before social situations and even before some phone interviews etc. After college I moved to a new city where I knew no one and worked at a very small company with a pretty significant drinking culture (happy hours team outings to drink etc) I am naturally a little socially anxious and introverted and during those first six months living in my new city struggled to make friends and settle in. I was working 3 jobs and was highly stressed. I drank out of boredom on the weekends but mostly out of stress and isolation. ..My work/stress situation eventually improved. I started dating a great loving guy who I've now been with for a year. But I continued to drink. It got to a point where I was drinking 3-4 times per week 6-9 drinks at a time. I decided to stop drinking in October of last year. But slowly slipped back into this frequency. I quit my job 3 weeks ago and have since had about 1-2 binges per week (6-9 drinks) and when I black out I talk about wanting to die hating myself etc. I've been seeing a therapist for the past few weeks but feel like we don't really have time to address the issues in depth during that 1 hour a week...My boyfriend and family are concerned.  They want me to do the intensive outpatient program mentioned above but this program is nearly $5000 after insurance (plus the cost of the health insurance premiums (~470 per month) I'll be taking over if I continue my job-based insurance through COBRA).  ..I don't feel like I'm at such a low point that I need a program like the intensive outpatient one. I am not THAT bad. I am sure that my depressed feelings/anxiety will improve if I stick with not drinking and give my brain time to heal in the absence of alcohol. ..Is there some in-between that might be a better fit for me than just once-a-week 1-hour therapy and a $5000 9-hour/week intensive outpatient program? ..Thanks for any and all advice :)
----------immediate responses--------

You have some wonderful relationships in your life. It's awesome to have people in your corner who care about you. ..
Meetings of AA/SMART/Refuge Recovery/LifeRing are widely held and you could throw a quid in the collection tin once a day for the next 13 years for the same 5000 if you wanted to!..r/stopdrinking is free.....There's tons of good material on YouTube (e.g the 'This Naked Mind' channel) which is free as are various recovery blogs.....Any number of ['Quit Lit'](https://old.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) titles can be had for very little in e-book or audiobook format.....There are lots of free podcasts like Dharma Punx Recovery Elevator Rachel Hart AA Beyond Belief etc which are also free.....I might be biased as the World's Biggest Skinflint but recovery doesn't have to cost a fortune if you're prepared to put the work in and get creative.....Best of luck with whatever you decide to do let us know how you get on!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
You might try some AA meetings you'll be surprised at what you hear.  Mostly though it's about you wanting to stop. No rehab on the planet will work if your not through. Best of luck.
I'm still new to this but I stopped after a trip to the er. They prescribed some Librium which helped with the symptoms but what's really helped me to quit is a book that convinced me there's no good reason to drink at all. Allan Carr's easy way to control alcohol . I find his writing style to be a bit tedious  but he makes a lot of good points. One reason I failed so many times before is that I always felt like I was missing out when I didn't drink . Now I'm getting to believe I'm not really missing anything by not drinking . I signed up for a 500$ detox program which really seems to be a waste of money. However it is worth looking into if you're depressed or have some other issues that caused you to drink in the first place. Best of luck!!!
There are so many other options available including online resources and meetings books podcasts etc. I would look into those first. (This Naked Mind is a lifesaver)
I had my finger on the trigger for an IOP - cost was the only thing holding me back. I decided to throw myself into AA (I already had a foundation) going to 2 meetings a day and going to every recovery related event I could...I'm 4 months sober now after a few relapses. 
