-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avwzj3/im_so_damn_frustrated_with_myself/

JFC man! How many damn times do I have to fall into this alcohol hole before I decide once and for all to take another route? It's killing me slowly and counteracting my mental health meds &amp; my hard earned progress in that regard. I'm ruining my own damn life ain't got no one to blame but myself. And no one can change it but me as well. ..I'm a dumpster fire/total turd of a person when I drink. I'm a useless piece of crap and a waste of space when I'm hungover. My last two be hangover stay in bed feel physically crappy and mentally spent days have been sunny and gorgeous! And I'm over here barely able to down coffee and maybe eat a meal. That's a load of bullshit! ..And yet here we are again. I'll make it 3-5 days of sobriety no problem and then I'll get into the  I deserve a drink  or  damn that was a rough few days let's have a drink  or some other bullshit backassed  reasoning  and down the rabbit hole I go. Backsliding on the awesome progress clear mind positive outlook and drive that those days of sobriety afforded me. ..I really like sober me! I truly hate drunk/hungover me. I'm beginning to think it's a shitty cycle of self sabotaging self harm. I don't do shit when I'm hungover I procrastinate on work/online classes I wallow in my own self created misery my negative self talk skyrockets all the guilt and shame becomes unbearable it's fucking hell. Plus I blow off important therapy appointments throw all the tools I've gained from such out the window get mired in overblown emotions binge eat and feel like a fat fuck the next day literally nothing positive. ..Ugh! I'm struggling financially and drunk/tipsy me will blow through cash on more booze usually like there's no tomorrow. I need to revamp my resume and get looking for an additional job. I'm stressed socially because I'm just starting my physical transition to a more male reality (I'm non-binary but have just started on Testosterone) and now I'm extra stressing my body that's trying to recalibrate. Why not add stress to stress to stress with alcohol right? Fucking mind. ..I'll end my rant here. I'm at my wits end today but I'm worried three or five days down the road I'll be right back again. It's a horrible cycle. I want it to end but I'm not even sure where to start. I've read all the books I've done my own research I've dabbled in meetings I'm actively in therapy I'm just spent. Help?..
----------immediate responses--------

Whatever it is.Booze will make it 10000x WORSE!.IWNDWYT
I am on day 14... again!  What I can tell you is that I stopped telling myself that I earned a drink deserve a drink I haven't had a drink in 10 days that's good right?  Wrong! ..I can't do it.  I cannot drink.  I have to except that fact!  I CANNOT DRINK!! ..I can't have just a glass or two.  If I have a glass of wine I finish off two bottles in a night.  ..I cannot negotiate with alcohol.  The alcohol always wins... ALWAYS!..I am in my fifties and this is just beyond exhausting.  This time when I get mad that I can't drink I go to bed rent a movie I wanted to see eat anything but drink! ..My hope is that the longer I am sober the better off I will be.  ..We have to do this if we want a different result.  ..IWNDWYT! ...
Maybe come back and read this when you're feeling the urge? You can do this!
I don't know how much help I can offer but I totally relate!! I am stuck in the same vicious cycle you are. It's crazy that I can recognize it and want to change it but I keep riding the same damn tracks on the same stupid rollercoaster. 
