-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avx0p0/whoever_needs_thisyou_are_a_good_person/

I'm not sure if I'm allowed here. The stories that I just spent an hour reading about on this subreddit are not parallel to mine so I feel as though I may be invading your personal space of comfort. But having come here to read and gain some perspective and hope for those in my life who do struggle I've found myself incapable of leaving without leaving behind my love for all of you. ..Thank you. Thank you for doing the hard thing. For yourself for your family for your friends...whatever reason you stopped you did it. You're a good person and you have so much strength...Never have I been more proud of a total group of strangers. 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed this. Thank you. .
This sub is the best tool in my recovery.  I would be one beer number 3 right now without it. ..But I am sober.  .
I think we could all use this. Thank you!
I really like your post.  I think that it's important for people to understand what it is like for someone who is addicted.  So often as it was in my case the fear of being ostracized by people actually kept me from reaching out for help sooner.  
Thank you very much x
Hear hear!
That's mighty big of you. Thanks.
Thank youuu!!    
Thank u . U made my moment better 
I definitely needed this. Thank you. 
Thank you sincerely. This is a journey that some of us don't always get major recognition for. It is tough and sometimes it's really nice to have someone (especially a total stranger) recognize and appreciate it. You made my week!
Thank you Lucy. &lt;3
Thank you Lucy you are a good person too. 
Your post has touched my heart and added fuel to my resolve.
Thank you really. This is hard. I think it's good cross pollination to have someone be a alcoholic advocate.   
This is a great sub. I don't post here often but coming here and reading posts like this make me happy. When I make it through this weekend and have over 2 weeks under my belt maybe I'll have something insightful to say.
We are freaking awesome!! Glad you stopped in; I hope you found a little of what you were looking for. 
This is awesome. Thanks. 
Thanks buddy!!!
Reading this was like being hugged by words. 
Reading this made me cry with relief because I haven't been feeling like a good person despite how hard I'm trying. Thank you.
I was really looking for words like these today Thank you so much for posting this.
Anyone who wants to control or stop drinking is welcome here.
Thank you Lucy. Very kind words.
Thank you  - it's the best place on the internet and this community has been a key component of my sobriety.  Grateful for all of you! xx
Been creeping in this sub for a while hoping to quit the alcohol myself. Lots of inspiration good energy Nice to see a comment like yours...tomorrow has been my recent forecast...I hope. 
Thank you for your kind words. I made it home from work and was about to head out to the store until I read this. I don't have anyone to ask for help here or anyone to talk to so I come to this group to keep me on track...You helped me complete my day 3 of sobriety  
Thank you Friend..I will not drink with you today 
Nah nobody thinks I am. I'm just a fucking clown to people.
Thank you for the acknowledgment. One of the weirdest things for me is how proud I am of myself now but how seldom others feel comfortable saying anything about it.  
I can't tell you how much your post meant to me and I'm sure for everyone here...Reaching out and asking for help is one of the hardest things an addict can do and I've certainly struggled with it myself. I guarantee your words have helped someone tonight and kept them from taking a sip of alcohol. It's just amazing to see that there's people out there that really care even if they're total strangers...Thank you so much friend! I wish there was more people like you.
Needed this totally today. IWNDWYT 
What a lovely post thank you kind internet stranger! :) 
Thanks I needed this today.
This made me so happy. I'm still not comfortable telling hardly anyone that I'm sober outside of this sub so hearing appreciation from someone without the same struggle is strangely moving. Thank you for taking the time to share love.  
Thank you all
On a  normal  day I would've been 5 beers deep by now. Kids tucked in and whiskey in hand barreling towards another hangover. Instead he kids are tucked in I got one episode of my current fav show cued up and then sweet sweet sleep. Keep on truckin'  IWNDWYT 
This is cool man. Thank you  
Thank you for your post and for taking the time to support this group by responding to so many of the posts here!
Positive input is always welcome here thank you...&gt;having come here to read and gain some perspective and hope for those in my life who do struggle..I have found support compassion and tools to help deal with the occasional chaos my wife's drinking brings into our life over at r/alanon.   Just having a place to write about it can be really helpful.
Thank u   
