-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aw1am2/just_started_on_an_ssri/

Struggled with a nasty love for a bottle or two of wine every night for the past couple of years after the unexpected death of an ex. I've cut down a lot but I still have horrible binges and terrible consequences. ..I finally made the decision to focus on my anxiety and depression that's been causing me to drink. I started my first day on an SSRI today and saw a therapist yesterday for the first time in years. I just accepted an awesome job and am moving across the country to a new city in two weeks. I canceled the moving party I was having this weekend so I wouldn't be tempted to drink. I bought that facemask I've wanted for months- just trying to practice self care...I'm not a huge fan of prescription drugs (though totally not anti-medicine) but I'm also not a huge fan of the alternative. I'm pretty proud of myself today and needed to tell someone. ..Day one done... here we go!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you've had a rough time but it sounds like you're off to an excellent start with your sobriety! I think it was a wise choice to cancel the party. It's a sign that you're choosing what's best for yourself! Congrats on the job as well. :) ..I also struggle with pretty severe anxiety and depression (27m) and know how badly alcohol can interact with and exacerbate them. Someone on here recommended the podcast The Hilarious World of Depression to me and I've become a bit obsessed. It's helped me to start to identify the parts of my thinking that are being colored by depression and also to not feel so alone. It's soothing. I'm at 98 days now and the main thing keeping me going is the possibility of gaining some freedom from my issues with mental health. ..Good luck with starting your new meds and also with therapy! I was also a bit apprehensive about taking meds to start but I've had some positive experiences recently after trying quite a few. And therapy has been huge I'm really appreciative to have found a good therapist. That keeps me grounded from week to week. And journaling...a lot of journaling. :) Stay strong! We're fighting a very similar battle so as frustrating and isolating as depression and anxiety can be I'm right there with you! 
Welcome!  It is so nice to hear you are focusing on yourself and your health!  I also started on an SSRI shortly before stopping drinking and I have been very happy with it--it was a good decision for me.  Also it worked much better with no alcohol :)..Thank you for posting--I will not drink with you today!
Good for you in getting help. I also just started an SSRI and a program for treating my anxiety in earnest.  I figure it can only get better and I can always stop the SSRI if I don't like it or get to really feeling better and no longer need it.  I am also cleaning up my diet to remove some of the stimulants like coffee sugar and junk carbs that are probably not helping. Oh and trying to sleep more which is a real struggle for me.  Good luck on your move! 
Really strange I had a feeling we were roughly the same age which is why I included my age in the post. I think the new job tipped me off. I'm finishing up grad school in a few months and starting the job search myself. Fun stuff :)..Thanks for the kind words and I'm looking forward to seeing your day count climb! I will say that it was a struggle for me at first. I had no idea what the hell to do with the extra time each day and it was also tough to face the anxiety and depression head on. For some reason I expected them to magically get better when I quit. But removing alcohol was also removing a coping mechanism albeit a really shitty one. Numbing myself out every night was giving me a few hours away from my thoughts but was also preventing me from learning how to actually cope with anxiety and depression at their typical intensity. So it got worse for me in the first month or so before it started to get better. I still have bad days for sure but they're getting further apart. If nothing else at least I feel like I'm progressing toward being healthier. And sobriety absolutely feels more cemented into my daily routine and easier to maintain than it did at first. ..What I'm really saying is at least from my experience if it gets tough at first as you begin to work through everything it really does get easier even if that feels impossible sometimes. And on the worst days your mental health will be better than it would have been with alcohol in the picture. ..I'll look forward to future posts of your progress! 
