-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aw2qk9/my_personal_relationship_with_moderation/

First off amazing sub.  Lurker for awhile and been consistently impressed by the quality here.  I know you all take pride in that...It just occurred to me why I struggled with this idea of moderation for so long (personally). .not because I thought I could but because I thought -i couldn't-.   It became this challenge to overcome this problem to solve.  But I ended up in the place we all do: asking the question: how can I moderate?  What can I do what tricks must I employ to moderate?..It didn't actually occur to me that it was an impossible thing.   Even now I feel this draw to accept the call. ..Anyone else this mind-warped like this?
----------immediate responses--------

Now I realise that it's just chemicals in my body making me want that second glass and then a third ... it all makes more sense and I feel less bad about my "inability" to moderate. It's just my body doing what it's designed to do and that somehow makes me feel better. I am working on accepting the fact that I am better off just not drinking at all ever because then I won't be conflicted all the time.
 The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death.  A.A. Chapter 3..I'm not in AA but I do find this quote helpful.
Yes! Once I let go of the idea of drinking again  someday  it was so much easier! I mean why bother right? Pure poison. Any of those perceived benefits are so so hugely outweighed by the negatives. ..Once I let that really sink in any thought of moderation was gone. ..Great job! IWNDWYT 
Yes! Once I let go of the idea of drinking again  someday  it was so much easier! I mean why bother right? Pure poison. Any of those perceived benefits are so so hugely outweighed by the negatives. ..Once I let that really sink in any thought of moderation was gone. ..Great job! IWNDWYT 
The thing is that some of us can moderate but we have reached the point where we are cognitive of the fact that alcohol has negative consequences on our physical and mental health. Therefore it's just not worth it even once in awhile.
Welcome friend. It was a constant irritation for me for quite a while. I finally was told (glad I listened) to play it forward and not just thru a few days but all the way forward. I know that I have a fall in me...I am not so certain that I would ever make it back. I am grateful today to know that I have a choice. Peace
When I looked at booze like a food I wanted to moderate it.  Like ok cheeseburgers are bad for me but one on Sunday is ok if I eat healthy all week right?  But when I looked at it like the drug it is moderation went out the window.  I wasn't going to cure my drug addiction with mild use.  I needed it out of my body and out of my life.
Yes I pursued the concept of moderation.  Almost to the gates of hell...Ever seen a greyhound racetrack? A few greyhounds bolt out of the starting gate after the "rabbit" on an electric track....  no matter how hard they run the rabbit is just oh so near.... just out of reach...And they do it over and over....  day after day.....One day I simply walked away from the starting gate...It's still over there....  I can return to the madness anytime I choose...Not interested m thank you very much.
I think if we study what moderation really is we will find out that it's not what we think.  Most of us think moderation might be 4 or so drinks.  I would think the actual moderate drinker has 1-2 beers maybe 4 times per month.  I thought I was moderating with 2-3 beers a day and then a nice buzz on Saturday and Sunday.  ..I think moderation is stupid.  The point of alcohol is to get intoxicated (perhaps in the past it was a safer way to store water but that's a different story).  It's not for taste.  Perhaps we have grown to like the taste over years but it doesn't taste good.  Grape juice tastes better than wine cola tastes better than beer.  So to me the idea of drinking a nasty beverage just to drink it and not get tore up is beyond stupid.  Just give me a coke or some chocolate milk.
&gt;"It didn't actually occur to me that it was an impossible thing."    .    .Coming to terms with this single idea was the key to quitting for me.    .    .Moderation was an illusion. Plus what was the point? I drank to get drunk. It was torture. Zero drinks is so much easier...    .    .iwndwyt  .    .
I went to an event at a bar around day 50.  I watched people as they had drink after drink.  No amount could satisfy them.  I had been the same way.  That's why I don't even bother and stick with zero.  
