-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aw73xt/dont_assume_someone_is_a_casual_drinker_just/

I'm somewhat new to this sub Reddit and still trying to figure myself out I suppose. There have been a few times I've seen people on this sub Reddit lament over watching others drink just a few beers and be done at a party. Or getting a glass of wine and not even finishing it. The posters wonder how casual drinkers exist because of how hard it is for them to stop at one or two. These posts make me feel weird. Just because someone can stop in public doesn't mean they don't struggle behind closed doors. I'm slowly learning how diverse alcoholics can be...If you were out drinking with me you'd think I was a casual. Same if you were out with my husband (fellow alcoholic). If I'm at a restaurant or bar I'd never order more than 2 drinks because they're too damn expensive. If I'm at a party I'll drink just enough to get buzzed or drunk. I honestly adjust the "appropriate" level of drunkenness for the specific crowd but I'd never get trashed in front of other people. (I'd wager the last time I was trashed in front of others was over 8 years ago shortly after college). The last time my husband and I had friends over we got 24 beers for the 4 of us for an entire weekend and not all of the beers were drunk by the end. If I drink with family it's over the holidays and for the days-week I'm visiting I'll just have a few when my mom has some. (One trick is to drink something I don't like so I drink it slowly 'cause I really don't want it). Mainly it's because I don't want people to KNOW I drink myself into obliteration most nights of the week. I don't want a single inkling of suspicion to go through anyone's head that I could be an alcoholic. If I'm at my husband's work parties I'll basically match his boss and nothing else. Currently I won't even match his new boss b/c his new boss is the kind of guy to peer pressure everyone into getting drunk so he gets drunk and there's no way I'm getting drunk in front of my husband's coworkers. My husband doesn't even touch more than one beer at these parties because he knows he's got to drive home and doesn't want to make an ass of himself in front of coworkers. Neither of us really struggle with not drinking much during these occasions. It's not an inward battle or anything...Anyway all that to say not to judge someone based on their self-control in front of other people. I almost feel negated when I read these threads like "oh you're not a REAL alcoholic because you can stop at one or two drinks." It's true I can stop at one or two when I'm in front of others. The real kicker is when I'm home alone or with my husband. That's when The drinking really kicks in and I drink into obliteration most nights of the week. I'm just not comfortable drinking much in front of others so it's not fun. I still drink because drinking feels fun and I'm working on that (10 days sober woot!). So when I'm in the comfort of my own home it's all downhill the minute I take my first shot. I've started referring to my husband and me as "at-home" alcoholics for this reason...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Keep visiting SD. Your premise is spot on. As bad as I was I never drank to excess at any work function; I'd drink on my way home or if appropriate before.  If you saw me at a bar for dinner you'd think I had no issue at all. Well 1 reason is I am cheap so it's better to drink at home. And when I drank at 930am in my car there was no one to see me.  
great post  I get it. Thanks.
Back in the day yeah I'd go to the bar and nurse one or two so I looked like a normie but on the way home I'd pick up a 12-pack so the "real" party could start once I got home alone.  It was a very sad existence.  
This is me almost exactly. Going out to a bar with friends hasn't been an issue in forever (even if I wasn't driving). It's when I drink at home that things got bad. When I drink at home I normally wouldn't have to go anywhere so what reason did I have to use moderation? None. At. All. Not many people come hangout at my place so I'm comfortable being drunk around the ones that do. ..For me moderation only existed around other people. I've made an ass out of myself one too many times...Great post! I'm happy to hear its not just me that does this type of thing.
I'm exactly the same. I can moderate in front of others. Even when I do overdo it on a night out it's always regular overdoing it. It's when I'm by myself that it's bad. 
Insightful
Well said. I fully agree with you. Congrats on your 10 days!
The bar is full with problem drinkers all looking around at each other and thinking "why am I the only one who can't drink like a normal person?"
My gosh- this is one of the deeper/more nuanced shares I've seen on this sub and I think it's much needed. YES the drinking diversity here is real and off the chart. I can't tell you how much this means and how helpful this will be to SO many whether they comment or not. It helped me and will continue to help me when I'm sober longer and hear that nagging inner voice about the  responsible drinkers  out around me. Thank you. Thank you for your insight and your time. IWNDWYT 
I honestly believe that the amount of people who can "drink successfully" is far fewer than we all think. ..And what is it to drink successfully? Have 2 and go on about your morning? (Little joke for anyone reading)
Thanks for this post! I think about this a lot
That sounds quite a bit like my story. For instance if you ever talked to someone who has been on a business trip with me they'd tell you I never get out of control and that I don't drink more than any other person on the trip. But wha they wouldn't have seen is my trip to the nearest liquor store right after I checked into the hotel. So I could stock up the fridge in my room with booze.  
The only time I've ever had any real success abstaining from alcohol was after I finally realized that I'm not missing out by not being able to drink. If I ever start to feel envious of the fact that others can control their drinking while I cant that's when the "maybe I can try to moderate" thoughts start creeping back in. Let the normies have their fun. For me my entire life depends on not having that first drink.
That describes my husband and myself also. For me it's not so much that I'm embarrassed to drink too much in front of others but sometimes I think my family expects me to based on what I would do when I was younger. I think i'm under this false belief that I look like i've got it all together at family gatherings now bc they see me a few times a year and I'm not drunk. They don't know how much we drink at home or the amount of days we do it. 
This is exactly me. I'm in a state that I didn't grow up in or have any family in. I don't have friends mot even work friends (I'm there to work not hang out.) So if I did go out with co-workers I'd have A glass of wine and think about how long I have to stay because I want to go HOME and drink. I'd get utterly trashed on beer at home. No one had any idea I was a problem drinker even my live-in BF. Well he may have known SOMETHING was up. But I had been like that our whole relationship never ever picked a fight or was mean so he just didn't see it as an issue because I was always nice and the house was spotless laundry done and food on the table. But I absolutely had a problem one that was quickly getting worse having shots after a 6 pack of 8% just to get a "good buzz" before bed...Thank you for this post. It reminded me that I AM doing the right thing staying sober and I was NOT overreacting to how I was dinking..
I hear you. That's why all of my friends doubted my decision to stop drinking -- not in a mean way but in a concerned way like "Why are you limiting yourself?" Three years alter and no regrets sticking to my own intuition about when I developed a problem...&amp;#x200B;
This is so me too. Around others I would look like I barely drank at all. Maybe a glass of wine. At most two. I would sip slowly...Little did anyone know that as soon as I got home I got out the wine box and went to town drinking.
This is so true. I'm similar. Over the past 10 years or so (after the hs/college shitshow days) I was known to most people as a  medium drinker. I'd generally be game if someone was going "Come on does anyone want to stay for one more?" but I would not be the person doing the urging. I would sometimes get drunk with friends but I would carefully match them...It was when I killed a whole bottle or more alone out of boredom that was the real issue. No one else saw that. This is making me think more about how much to share with others. So far I have not made any major declarations to friends and family about my sobriety. Nothing has come up to force the issue yet. But it's interesting to think that maybe we do a disservice to others if we quietly stop drinking and don't really share our reasons.
I can totally feel this. ..Sometimes people feel alone in their addiction because they're comparing themselves to others in a public place. ..I would never get trashed in public. I could order a glass of wine at a restaurant and not even finish it...At home was a different story. In privacy alone I secretly got smashed on my preference: liquor. 
I really appreciate this perspective. While it isn't my story it does harmonize with my experience as a person with a drinking problem who has also been successful at work etc.
Such an honest post. Me too! I mean hell no I didn't get trashed in public because the drinks were too expensive and because drinking alone meant more for me. When I came out of rehab and opened up to a trusted few people (very very VERY few) I too felt negated because I was so great at hiding the problem they thought I was exaggerating it. Of course my husband knew the truth though he was in denial about it and we were both very co-dependent around drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..BTW: TEN DAYS HUZZAHHHHH!!!! Damn I'm proud of you.
Most people who know me thought I was a responsible drinker. I'd only have a couple while out. Always. Always kept pace with the lightest drinker. Never got out of control in front of people. Always went home early. Only to get home and do the real drinking in private. Blacked out drunk puking blood in the morning. 
Totally agree. I would never have more than one or two drinks when I went out. But at home I would kill the bottle.
I can honestly say that I rarely got shit faced with more than a few people.  I'm 72 so excuse my pre metric terms. I drank  the equivalent of a fifth of liquor every day for 40 plus years... very often  I drank more.  The drinking was typically alone...it's amazing that I am still healthy. No one knew the insanity of my consumption. I didn't purposely hide it.  I set out each night to get drunk. ..and did. I rarely missed a day from work and rarely felt bad from the previous night. A close friend pointed out this SD community and suggested two books to read. He is 30 plus years sober and perhaps I played a role in his quitting because we shared the daily insanity for years. The difference is he stopped and I  didn't.  I read the suggested books  and I'm here everyday involved in this community.  Never gave much thought to quitting but I did. Here's what became abundantly clear... When you live the life of alcohol you don't really know what life is until you quit. The more distance you put between life and the bottle the better your life will be. With that said..I have no regrets and I'm glad I'm here. 
Thank you for your post this was me!!!!..Such a game we played with ourselves so much work!! ..Glad that monkfish off our backs!..Stay strong with us.
I totally hear you! My own family didn't believe I was a "real" alcoholic and when I am feeling weak I want to think that too. One of the main differences I find between alcoholics and non-alcoholics is that we are constantly engaged in planning counting bargaining etc. etc. And don't forget all the times we brought booze with us in our purses...
[removed]
Same. Bars and restaurants are easy. People see you and how much you're drinking. 1-2 drinks was my norm because the process of waiting for the server/bartender putting in the order and waiting for the drink to be delivered made it easier to pace myself. Also they're expensive!..So much cheaper to make 3 margaritas at home later! Or kill a $10 bottle of wine. I have made an ass of myself in front of friends and acquaintances at parties when there was a large volume of available free booze. But everyone seems to find it charming. No one knows it has been a regular occurrence at home also. 
Welcome to /r/stopdrinking glad to have you here whether you're an "at home" alcoholic or an "out and about" one or both : ). I was the same way drinking responsibly socially was never the issue for me. Thanks for sharing with us today and hope you are being kind to yourself friend &lt;3
I love this post! Thank you!..I was very similar in social situations. I would drink based on the feel of the occasion. ..Most times I would have a couple drinks hang for a bit then bounce. If it was a party and my husband was DD I would drink more because I knew I could get home safely and everyone at the party would be getting hammered too...But no one knew that after every social gathering I would go home and have 5 6 7 more drinks and a couple shots of whatever before I passed out...My admittance to being an alcoholic and getting sober was a complete surprise to everyone. Most of my friends and family still don't understand or believe me. But it's not for me to convince them. I know the truth and that's all that matters...IWNDWYT 
For me - I would never drink at all in front of family or in situations like that where my reputation like really mattered. Bc I knew how I got. That didnt stop me from binging for days by myself or getting blackout most nights and weekends at clubs. ..It was much later when my family found out how bad I had gotten and for how long it had been going on...It's crazy the amount of like neuroticism that goes into problematic compulsive drinking.
