-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aw8ng1/when_old_friends_get_nasty/

Not sure if anyone else has experienced this..... My addiction (booze) was very public ie everyone knew. I wasnt hiding that shit from anyone. But over the last year I've made such massive strides in life due to sobriety among all the other wonderful healthy things that help keep me sober. Im happy in great shape love my job am getting married in a month etc etc..Sadly while my personal happiness is growing I've noticed my "friends" have started to get a little nasty. They make jabs or bring up painful mistakes in my past. They constantly try to push drinking on me and claim they forgot I didn't drink or ask me questionably if I'm still not drinking when I'm clear that it's now my lifestyle. It's making me want to stay clear of what is my core social group. I'm busy enough that I barely have time as it is but it's sad to think you could lose that from a positive shift...I'm not the one to say someone is jealous but I'm sure I spark something in them that reveals their own struggles they want to overcome. The biggest shitshow in the group is now arguably doing the best...But at the end the day I suppose I'll take being the reformed shitshow who loves sober life. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

When I was finding sobriety I started to see that certain people in my life were genuine pieces of shite. I mean just toxic presences...Without booze and that's all we really had in common except one that was family their persona was stripped away and who they really were very apparent...I had to get rid of them. I mean what possible reason would I want them in my life if I was going to be sober?..But like a lot of things it was more difficult in practice. Not because of any real reasons. It was just difficult to make the changes necessary. That's normal. And anything worth doing is often a struggle. Rarely easy...But at least it was clear what I had to do once I saw things clearly...Good luck on your journey. It's very worth it.
There probably is a little bit of jealousy and some insecurity on their part. Honestly they sound a bit insensitive. Friends are supposed to build you up not tear you down. You may want to reconsider your relationships with them if it's not a positive for your sobriety but you know the situation better. I just can't imagine my friends consistently trying to sabotage something I've worked so hard for. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
&gt;I'm sure I spark something in them that reveals their own struggles ..Exactly.
I've dealt with this. To put it as bluntly as possible if they don't want what is healthy for you then they aren't your friends.
I hear you. Last time I saw my oldest  friends ....drinking buddies was before Christmas. I was leaving early to go home to look after my dog. She was my excuse. Everyone was ok until the coke came out. Then there were a few shitty comments about me being  sooo clever  in a snarky voice. ..They've tried to hangout since but it just ends up in drinking. That's what we do together. Happy to leave it for now as I don't think they really have my bests interests at heart...Your sobriety inadvertently shines a light on everyone else's substance use. 
This is what I spent my entire last therapy session blabbing about! It helped a lot. If you have a good therapist I'd suggest bringing this up 
&gt;I've noticed my "friends" have started to get a little nasty. They make jabs or bring up painful mistakes in my past. They constantly try to push drinking on me..People who care for me want the *best for me*.  ..People who respect me honor my decisions about my *personal choices*...People who are Kind to me are encouraging and do not repeatedly do or say harmful or hurtful things...To be my "friend" is to be *Caring Respectful* and *Kind*...People who are otherwise do not value my friendship nor me...Why would I have people in my life who treat me otherwise?
As Dan Savage says in his podcast: their response tells you all you need to know about them and how they feel about what you want going forward. If they're not supporting you in your choices that affect your health then find some more supportive people to surround yourself with. .  I don't pretend to be great at this - I'm still mentioning my sobriety here and there to people I feel comfortable with. It's a vulnerable thing to admit to and if friends make jabs at you when you've opened up to them ... well that's just shitty behavior. .  So far I've mentioned my choice of sobriety to 3 ppl only one made a joke ... but it was my husband. He was trying to lighten the mood.   .I like to think I'd put distance between myself and friends who won't support me but I haven't been tested on that yet. I am trying to build friendships with new people so if I do have to cut ties with old friends I have some connections to go with. Perhaps you could find space to do the same?.IWNDWYT. 
Forget em
Ever seen the movie Trainspotting?.."my so called mates"..they dont care man
